
All right, so this is insane. I actually, I'm not kidding. When I, when I saw the news beginning to trend that there were shots fired near Trump, I said, no way. My instinct was just to go, no way, fake news. I'm not going to retweet this. I'm not going to share it because I thought it was one of these, it was, it was a trap, and they wanted conservatives to all start sharing it and be dramatic and say, it's another assassination attempt offer for them to be like, oh, no, it was just a shooting nearby Trump. And I, I kept refreshing. And some people were like, yes, well, Trump was near the shooting, but he wasn't involved in it. I just said, no way. I'm not, I'm not gonna share this. I also, in the back of my mind said, there's no way that we just did this episode on Friday where I signaled to the public that Trump was in danger.


In fact, the the episode was entitled, Trump's campaign is in Danger, and I talked about the last assassination attempt having been 62 days ago, which they have conveniently memory hold, which has made me suddenly recognize that these people are going to try to kill him again. They are not going to allow Donald Trump to be president. There's no way. It's very obvious what these people want. These people want war, and Donald Trump is not the man for it. So I said. I said, it just couldn't be that I did this episode on Friday and fast forward to Sunday, and someone actually took another attempt on this man's life, and then I just thought, it's just not plausible that they would be this brazen that, again, in broad daylight, they would try to shoot at Donald Trump.


But guess what, guys? I was wrong. that is exactly what happened this time on a golf course. I'm going to give you all of the details, plus tell you what my suspicion is that you're not gonna hear on the mainstream media, because they're all so highbrow. Oh, we, we can't dabble into conspiracy unless it's about Iran. Let's all just put out there ahead of time that it's Iran, which unbelievably neocons are already doing, has me super fired up. That's what we have coming up on Candace. All right, so let's just start with the details here.


In case you didn't know, president Trump owns a golf club in West Palm Beach, Florida, and he was golfing there today. He had planned to golf with his buddy, a billionaire raised a ton of money for him, named Steve Witkoff at about the fifth hole. So the story goes, four shots, rang out. Our understanding right now is that those shots were actually fired from Trump's secret service team who spotted a man with a gun in the clearing, saw a man actually lining up a shot with a scope on Donald Trump. They jumped on Trump to secure the area, and I'm going to actually kick it here to Sean Hannity, who was pretty lucky because he was supposed to have been golfing with Donald Trump.


He turned it down, and then he heard this update. It looks like he spoke with both Donald Trump and Steve Whitcoff, who was accompanying him. Take a listen to what Sean Hannity had to say about that. Anyway, so long story short is President Trump, they were on the fifth hole. They were about to go up to putt, and the way Steve Whitcoff. Now, just as a little bit of background, artel, I happen to go to breakfast, which Steve Whitcoff and another friend of mine this morning, and I was invited to play golf. They, they happen to be really good golfers. I'm not a, I don't have a lot of time to play golf. So I didn't. I said, thank you, but I'm not gonna go out on the golf course and, and get, get killed out there.


But long story short, so they were playing, they were on the fifth hole, and the way Steve described this, the way the president described it, they both had exactly the same story, which was that they heard pop, pop, pop, pop. And Steve went into great specificity and great detail as to what happened. Right after within seconds, the Secret Service pounced on the president covered him. You had snipers with tripods. They knew the direction where, where the shots had been fired, and they had eyes on the location where the shots had been fired. And long story short, they were a, I have, I have confirmed with both the President and with Mr.


Woff that the gun has been found. They identified it as an AK 47, and thanks to Secret Service Drone video coverage, they were able to identify the Indi one individual involved in this shooting, getting into a car after dropping the AK 47. Okay? Okay. So let, let's pull outta here. What is the first thing that jumps at you when you hear that story? Because for me, I just went, how did they know that Trump was golfing? Right? Trump has not put that out publicly. This was not some part, part of his, his schedule, which was announced to the public. So this means that this individual had insider information. In fact, Trump had just flown in from the West coast because he was doing events out in Utah, and suddenly he's golfing.


He's got plans to golf with Steve Whitcoff and, and potentially some other buddies who turned him down like Sean Hannity. And this individual not only knew that Donald Trump was golfing, but knew that he would be coming up upon the fifth hole. Because according to AP News, and I have not been to, to this particular golf club, I don't golf, but apparently that is actually a vulnerable spot in terms of security. So this person had insider knowledge, okay? That Trump was going to be golfing on that morning, that ex, that specific time that Donald Trump was going to be golfing, okay? They knew he would be coming upon the fifth hole, and they were familiar with the fact, familiar with the layout, and knew that the fifth hole was a vulnerable spot.


Instantly, this signals to me that this individual was in contact with somebody on the inside. That's the conspiracy. You're not allowed to say, don don't care. I don't believe in conspiracies. Okay? I'm a Catholic. I believe in Providence. Okay? This person knew that Donald Trump was going to be a sitting duck and was hoping that no one would spot him through the clearing as he began to set up for a shot on President Trump. So, it happened thereafter. Yes, it has been confirmed that the AK 47, it's being alleged, an AK 47, definitely a semi-automatic rifle of some description, plus a GoPro camera has been recovered. Apparently the shooter also had a backpack, and he had laid these things out, and I can actually show you this photo of his backpack, and then you can see another bag.


He laid it onto the fence, and then once the Secret Service spotted him, and like I said, it sounds like the Secret Service, were the ones who fired the four shots. He then put down his semi-automatic rifle, jumped into an awaiting Nissan. Okay? So this guy had an exit plan. He also had a GoPro. This signals to me that he was going to record in some capacity, him having killed Trump. Why would he be doing that? Who was he going to send that to? Whose instructions was he operating on when he did this? And then he was ready to get away in a Nissan, okay? They were able to, just, as you heard, Sean had describe quickly apprehend the suspect, which is a good thing.


The Martin County Sheriff, William Schneider, a county sheriff, his name is William Schneider, told the new stations that the suspect was taken into custody without the firearm, obviously, because he left it on the side. And they obviously knew that they had the right guy because when they arrested him, he didn't have any emotion. So that's completely crazy. You get pulled over, they've got guns trained on you, and this guy had absolutely no emotion. Take a listen, We with nobody away. There was a loan driver in the vehicle. That driver is now in custody in the hands of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. What was his Demeanor, sheriff, when you approached the Car?


The suspect's demeanor, I would describe as having a relatively calm, flat A fact was not displaying a lot of emotions. He never asked, what, what is this about? Obviously, law enforcement with long rifles, blue lights, a lot going on, never questioned it. Was he armed at the time or he or she, He was not armed when we took him out of the car. Of course, we didn't do a search, and I would suspect that they're getting a search warrant. Now, the FBI will take that car. We were transported for them back to Palm Beach County into their office. So what's also interesting is how lucky they got. And truly, this is a story of what the media typically tries to term a Karen. I've kind of embraced that.


Somebody who saw something weird and instantly recorded down the guy's license plate, saw him emerging from the trees, thought he looked suspicious, and was able to give this information over, like quite literally a bystander is the one that was able to crack this very quickly. I'm going to pass this over to a clip. Sheriff, sheriff Rick Bradshaw came out and did a press conference and described exactly how they were able to apprehend the suspect. So quickly, take a listen. One 30 this afternoon, call came out, shots fired. That was called in by Secret Service because we're in constant contact with them all the time. We were notified of that, and we had UDAs here that immediately sealed off the area.


Fortunately, we were able to locate a witness that came to us and said, Hey, I saw the guy running out of the bushes. He jumped into a black Nissan, and I took a picture of the vehicle and the tank, which was great. So we had that information, our real time crime center put it out to the license plate readers, and we were able to get a hit on that vehicle. On I 95, as it was headed into Martin County, we got a hold of Martin County Sheriff's Office alerted them, and they spotted the vehicle and pulled it over and detained the guy.


After that, we took the victim, I'm sorry, the witness that witnessed the incident took flew up there, and he identified as the person that he saw running out of the bushes that jumped into the car. Now, in the bushes where this guy was, is a eight K 47 style rifle with a Scope two backpacks, which were hung on the fence, that had a ceramic tile in him and a GoPro, which he was gonna take pictures of. It's unbelievable. And again, it credit obviously to the, the police force for being able to apprehend the suspect so quickly. But this would not have happened without this anonymous person who immediately sprung into action, decided to record this person's license plate.


Now, who is this person? Who are we talking about? Well, don't let the neocons tell you, because before we even got a name, and I'm gonna talk about that in a second, they were already trying to float Iran. I just wanna be very clear. I hate neocons. I hate them. They, I, I, I hate them so much. That hate doesn't even seem to be the right description of how I feel about these people. Like it's not deep enough. It's all they care about is driving us into a war. And by the way, that, that is the bigger picture here. This is about getting us involved in a global war that has already been planned, which is why no matter what happens, they just say, it's Iran. It's Iran, because there are plans for Iran, and all they need to do is, is to have something happen that puts the American people on their side, that makes the American people go, yes, rah, rah, rah, let's go to war with the Ron And.


so before anybody was named, they were already floating. How likely it is that this was a wrong? Before we get to that, lemme tell you a little bit about the suspect. Okay? So the suspect's name is Ryan Wesley Ruth. This photo was floating on X earlier today. People were saying it looked to be about a, a 60-year-old man, and people were going, oh, we don't know if it's the right photo. It checks out. Actually, you just can't tell that he, he does actually have like a white gray goatee, Ryan, Wesley Ruth, what we know about him so far, and obviously this information is all just coming out. He's a 58-year-old who is from, from Hawaii, pardon me. He is the person that authorities are now naming as the individual who pointed that rifle with a scope at former President Donald Trump.


Now his LinkedIn, everyone's obviously crawling the internet, and thankfully, as I said, they were able to apprehend and name him so quickly, and I think credit beat to the fact that this happened in Florida, which is a Santas state And. so we're not gonna get these like liberal games of trying to hide all the information and wait to be forthcoming, and it allows people to instantly hit the web and, and dig up everything that we can because we have a right to know everything. We don't need to wait for agencies like the FBI and the CIA, who we don't trust to tell us the information. We, we want to be able to look this up ourselves. What has thus far come out? And, and by the way, guys take everything with a grain of salt. We're obviously in the midst of this investigation right now, but as LinkedIn appears to show that this man attended North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University, but relocated to Hawaii sometime around 2018, it's also showing us that he is the owner of a company called Camp Box Honolulu, which is a shed building company with very few positive reviews, and he has not posted on his ex account in about a year.


We are looking at an account that does appear to be his, he frequently criticizes politicians, including Trump current President, Joe Biden, and, and celebrities as well, like, like Bruno Mars. Many of his replies don't seem to make any sense. He's even directed some insults toward ex's owner Elon Musk, in which he seemed to have entertained purchasing a rocket from the billionaire, rather nons sensibly. He wrote, quote, I would like to buy a rocket from you. I wish to load it with a warhead for Putin's Black Sea Mansion bunker to end him. Can you give me a price, please? It can be old and used as not returning. He wrote, he also visited Kiev and claimed that he would be willing to fight on the front lines if he were permitted to.


Now, a lot of his public postings seem to be aimed at u the Ukraine Russian border dispute. Pardon? And he's very pro Ukraine. It seemed to have made him somewhat deranged based on his postings. Here is another post that he wrote on x, I am willing to fly to Krakau and go to the border of Ukraine to volunteer and fight and die. Will I be able to cross to the border to fight without a visa? Every citizen around the globe should be running to Ukraine to fight. Can I be the example? We must win. Okay? that is a mental derangement, okay?


And that's not a mental derangement that just came to him as he was walking down the street. That's a mental derangement that was provided to him by the mainstream media, by the war mongers, by the NeoCon class. The obsession that they had with trying to attach Americans to the idea that our freedom somehow depends on this regional conflict between Ukraine and Russia. Okay? So he's bit, he's bit that. He believes that somehow he must offer to sacrifice his own life, okay? To go out there and to defend Ukraine's borders. Again, that is a mental derangement that was created by the mainstream media in collusion with the neocons, the war class. And this is, this is significant stuff.


I don't want to ignore his near obsession with Ukraine. It could be a clue, by the way, in terms of why he is not happy with Trump. As I spoke about literally, and on our Friday episode, Trump is not keen on the Ukraine war, and that is a problem for the war class. that is a problem for the military industrial complex because they have plans to invade Russia. Okay? Wake up. This is not a conspiracy. They're obsessed with going to war with two countries, and that is Russia and Iran. Okay? Russia and Iran, they keep trying to get our psyche there to believe that for some reason we have to go fight in these foreign territories.


And they're having difficulty this time around, okay? Their usual game of psychologically conditioning us to believe that we're fighting to spread democracy. It's not working. It's not working. In fact, this morning I tweeted Ukraine. Yeah, Zelensky is a Bolshevik. He's mass murdering Christians, and now he is sending priests and abbot to the front lines. So you can, I don't care about Ukraine at all. I wanna be very clear, and I, and I, I harbor a lot of disgust for this NeoCon class who keeps pushing this on the public, making them believe that somehow we are attached to this foreign nation that has nothing to do with America. There's always been a la mat for the military industrial complex.


that is what Ukraine is. Now, I'm not saying this, by the way, because I mean to insult the Ukrainian people, okay? They are obviously having to live through this, and this is a reality for them, that they have a Bolshevik dis dictator that is dragging their sons to die with, crosses around their neck, putting them into vehicles as they scream against their will, that they don't wanna die. don don't know who they're clearing the space for, but I can tell you that war is on the menu, and Trump is not a willing participant in that. He showed that in the debate when he was asked about Ukraine. You guys, If, you can, if it's easy. I'm, I'm just talking to my team right now to pull that clip of when he was asked about Ukraine, and he sort of danced around the question.


He did that during the debate with Kamala Harris. If we get that clip, we will throw it in here. and that began trending. Trump seems unsure about the Ukrainian war. you know, Trump doesn't seem like he thinks that we should really be in there, okay? That was the thing that clued me. That was the thing that I zeroed in on when my hunch and my suspicion on Friday was, something's off here. Okay? Something's not right. I believe that Trump's campaign has been infiltrated. I'm going to explain that to you, my theory on that at length. But first, I wanna show you what Trump said. I'm gonna get into some of these reactions on social media. First, let's, let's say, let's see what Trump said via truth social. He wrote this, there were gunshots in my vicinity, but before rumors starts spiraling out of control, I wanted you to hear this first.


I am safe and well, nothing will slow me down. I will never surrender. Great. We are, I'm very happy that that is how he feels. He said, I will always love you and for supporting me. Unity, peace make America great again. May God bless you. He sent that out as an alert. He also posted this onto his socials, and it is good to hear that he is in good spirits having survived a second assassination attempt. This is the second assassination attempt on his life. Okay? like I said, I don't care what anybody in the mainstream, oh, let's wait for details. No. Okay. All of you are colluding to cover these assassination attempts to make us believe that these are lone shooters who have lost their minds.


And not that these people are being given instructions. You are asking us to rely on the very agencies who have been involved in murdering presidents in the past. I am speaking clearly and plainly about JFK. Okay? Obviously, he was murdered by the state, obviously. I'm just gonna go ahead and put that out there because we all know it. It's so stupid that people dance around it and called a conspiracy theory, knowing that the first time that conspiracy theory entered the American lexicon. Oh yeah. The CIA drummed up that term after JFK was murdered, and they wanted people to stop asking questions, and they put journalists on payroll, and that operation was called Operation Mockingbird to convince the public nothing to see here, just your regular old president being shot in broad daylight in Dallas.


That is the reality. People have to wake up about the reality of what we are fighting. 'cause it is real evil. It's real evil, and it is targeting Trump. And I don't think that he's wise to it. I really don't believe that he is wise to it. I think he thinks that people surrounding him are his friends. I'm not sure if it in Trump's mind right now, he's going, Hey, how did this person know that I was golfing? Everyone should be questioned. I'm not saying everyone is guilty, but I'm saying everyone should be questioned because who knows? Maybe, maybe somebody was able to get a hold of not Trump's schedule, but Steve Whit Coff's schedule. Maybe it's someone that Steve Witkoff is friends with that he doesn't even know that he gave this information to, that shared it with someone.


Everyone needs to be forthcoming. Every single person needs to be investigated because as I said, nobody in the public had that information. Okay? So, small circle of people would have known that Trump was golfing on this morning. To highly doubt that this person just sits outside of that golf club. Trump is usually at Mar-a-Lago, it's not usually at that, at, at this golf club in West, in West Palm, okay? This person's not just sitting out there going, Hmm, maybe, maybe Trump will golf today and I'll just sit here with my AK 47 at this fifth hole. Maybe he'll just go, no, that's not, that's not a reality. In fact, I would actually like to see when the last time it is that Trump even golfed at that location. This is a guy that's traveling all around the United States nonstop.


He's campaigning this person knew again that he would be here. Now, Kamala Harris has issued this statement. She said, I have been briefed on reports of gunshots fired near former President Trump and his property in Florida, and I'm glad he is Safe. Violence has no place in America. Yeah, okay. Oh, so much effort went into that. Oh, I, I've been briefed on reports. She meant that he survived. Glad thumbs up Violence has no place in America. I mean, you can just feel how forced that statement is. Like there is no shock. You can tell that there, there's, there's nothing in there that indicates that she's being authentic. I've been briefed. I don't care if you've been briefed, why, why don't you actually say something with a little bit of passion behind it to show that you truly are not okay with violence, not this copy and paste statement that everybody makes that has no substance and no meaning.


What do I have to say? What's the thing I have to say? Oh, I have to say, violence has no place in America. Okay? Violence has no place in America. Am I good? That's how it feels. Joe Biden, crickets. I know If, he's asleep. I dunno if he's dead. We've yet to see anything we've, where we are refreshing and checking to see if our current president, Joe Biden, has anything to say. And again, he, he just likely has not come to, so we'll park that aside. I wanna show you this tweet because I just couldn't believe it. It's like, are these people on a text chain? The neocons, the war mongering class? It's unbelievable. Look at this tweet from journalist y Harley and he says, this is before we got the name of the shooter, just So I can tell you that.


So this is like, they're already getting the narrative out there. I just wanna address something upfront as it's understandably being brought up regarding the AK 47 incident at Trump's golf course. A reminder, we don't yet know who is behind this incident. However, we do know that the Islamic Republic of Aran seeks revenge on former President Trump and has hired and attempted to hire agents to assassinate him, or at the very least, cause chaos and destabilize him. While the Islamic Republic of Iran and its intelligence agencies can be sophisticated in certain ways, the notion that they operate in a James Bond-like world of precision and perfection is false. They routinely fail at assassination attempts and bungle other efforts to undermine their enemies.


This does not make the threat any less serious, but I've heard from people over the past hour that it could, it couldn't be related to the Islamic Republic of Iran because it was just some random guy with a weapon who fled when the Secret Service confronted him. The Islamic Republic, like many authoritarian regimes, prefers to hire thugs and criminals who do its bidding. It's not going to send a highly trained sniper from its own military to assassinate someone. For example, they've tried to hire drug dealers in the past. They've also hired members of Eastern European criminal gangs. Massi Ali nad the Iranian woman's rights advocate and journalist had a man found outside her home in his car with an AK 47, and he was arrested after behaving suspiciously. This man was operating as an agent for Iran.


Not exactly James Bond style work here. Bottom line, stop attributing competence to these operations simply because they involve a state actor. Yes, it's incredible. Here's what I wanna say. It's amazing. They call us the conspiracy theorists, right? Like they, they really believe that they are gonna condition the public to be on board with their already planned war in Iran. That's what they believe. They just, that every incident, they're gonna come to us with something this effing ridiculous and stupid, right? Yeah. I know it's West Palm Beach and I know the pictures are floating around. Look like this guy is maybe not an an agent of an Islamic Republic, but he could be.


I just want you to know that he's not the only person. I put this out there immediately, immediately wanted the American public to believe that this was the work of Iran and You know in many ways, I anticipated that. I didn't think they would do it this quickly because I understand that we don't have an option here, okay? These people want war by any means necessary, and the means by which they're willing to undertake are to assassinate President Donald Trump that is on their agenda to assassinate President Donald Trump. Because he is inconvenient, he is in their way.


JD Vance tweeted this, I'm gonna point this out obviously, because he's running with Trump. He wrote, I'm glad President Trump is safe. I spoke to him before the news was public and he was amazingly in good spirits. Still much we don't know, but I'll be hugging my kids extra tight tonight and saying a prayer of gratitude. Okay guys, I wanna, I really want to have an honest discussion about who it is that want Trump's dead, that wants Trump dead, because we all know who it is, and I am just annoyed watching people theorize and say stupid things when I've been telling you as I did on Friday, exactly who it is that wants Trump dead. So we're gonna talk about that right after this brief message from one of our sponsors.


I've been telling you guys that these are daunting times. I've been telling you that it is important for everybody to be praying, praying for Donald Trump. I hope that Donald Trump is himself praying. And for those of you that don't know how to start, I've been telling you about Hallow. Well, Hallow has a new prayer challenge that is called How to Pray. 'cause prayer can be such a daunting thing to undertake. And many people do ask themselves, well, where do we start? What do you say? I remember when I was learning about Catholicism being in awe at how many different practices there are when it comes to prayer, but it doesn't have to be overwhelming. Hall's New prayer challenge will take, take you through short daily sessions over the next two weeks with an all-star lineup of spiritual leaders and guests giving you all of the essentials to creating a rich prayer life. They'll teach you how to pray through scripture, how to do imaginative prayer, how to incorporate prayers that have been around for centuries, And so much more. You'll get a new guide every day in some of the guides include Father Mike Schmitz, Jonathan Rumi, who plays Jesus in the chosen Mark Wahlberg and many others. The only way that we can get through these crazy times is by setting first things first, which is getting closer to God and prayer is the best way to do that. So download the Hallow app for three months free at Hallow dot com slash Candace. Again, that's Hallow dot com slash Candace.


All Right, guys. So we are being provided with minute to minute updates here, and it turns out that Ryan Wesley Ruth was interviewed from Newsweek, Romania, and we have a clip of him being interviewed. So let's take a listen to Ryan Wesley Ruth in his own words from back in 2022. Tell me who you are and why are you here? I'm 56 from the us us from North Carolina originally. So I live in Hawaii now. So I flew all the way from Hawaii here. So the question as far as why I am here, to me, you know, a lot of the other conflicts are gray, but this conflict is definitely black and white.


This is about good versus evil. This is a storybook. you know, any movie we've ever watched, this is definitely evil against good. I mean, we're battling a situation here where, you know, the u Ukrainians and the rest of the world are caring and kind and, and generous and, and unselfish and, and take care of one another. And it's just a matter of, you know, we need to stand up for that. that is the most important thing in the world, is just to show human beings that we're kind and we're caring, and that we take care of one another, and that the world is united so that we feed each other and make sure that, you know, we, we all move forward as, as one collective whole unit.


So You know, we feel the pain of, of one country's failure and their conflicts, and we enjoy the successes of, of other countries that are doing good and, and we all work together. And for some reason, Russia does not grasp this concept that we're, we're all one unit and we have to get along and work together and, and, and, and be normal human beings. This is 2022. We have to work together. It's, it's, it seems asinine that we have a, a leader in a country that does not understand the concept of, of being unselfish and being generous and being kind and just the basic moral values that, that are required by human beings these days.


It blows my mind. So to be clear, he is sitting down with Newsweek because he was recruiting volunteers for the International Legion, bringing up the values involved in supporting Ukraine against somebody radicalized. Now If, you are the deep state and you are paying attention to these sorts of things. People that believe this right? Committing themselves so much that they're willing to fly halfway around the world to commit their lives, to recruiting people into this war. This is a perfect person, perfect person for you to attempt to radicalize further because he's already a radical. He's already a radical, okay? He's already insane.


What he is doing, what he's speaking about is completely insane. And he has been radicalized by the mainstream media narrative, okay? The same mainstream media narrative that made a bunch of Americans who can't even point out to where Wisconsin is on the map, okay? Suddenly commit to putting a Ukrainian flag in their bio, a Ukrainian flag, which they would've never known the colors of had they had not been radicalized by the mainstream media. They would not have known if their apple icons didn't automatically complete to tell them which color and which flag it was. Specifically the same Americans who still bear that flag in their bios and cannot point to Ukraine on a map, okay? that is how mass psychosis events are created by the mainstream media.


They did this, they attempted this years ago, and many people fell for this. I was not one of these people. I believe Zelensky is evil. I believe he's a homosexual evil man who is little more of than an actor doing the Biddle bidding of evil state actors who think that we're supposed to be foolish enough to just accept Putin evil. Therefore, let's jump into World's War three. I'm not buying that. You wanna call me a Putin sto, I don't care. Okay? I'm not walking in to World War III because of Western propaganda. So again, we have that clue. He is radicalized by Ukraine. Who is it that wants Trump dead? Why do they want Trump dead? We spoke about this on Friday.


We're gonna speak about it again, okay? Let's go back and revisit that debate moment when Trump was asked about Ukraine. Take a listen. Do you want Ukraine to win this war? I want the war to stop. I want to save lives that are being uselessly, people being killed by the millions. It's the millions. It's so much worse than the numbers that you're getting, which are fake numbers. Look, we're in for 250 billion or more because they don't ask Europe, which is a much bigger beneficiary to getting this thing done than we are. They're in for $150 billion less because Biden, and you don't have the courage to ask Europe like I did with nato.


They paid billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars when I said, either you pay up or we're not gonna protect you anymore. So that's maybe one of the reasons they don't like me as much as they like weak people. But you take a look at what's happening. We're in for 250 to 275 billion. They're into a hundred to 150. They should be forced to equalize. With that being said, I wanna get the war settled. I know Zelensky very well, and I know Putin very well. I have a good relationship and they respect your president. Okay? They respect me. They don't respect Biden. How would you respect him? Why? For what reason? He hasn't even made a phone call in two years to Putin hasn't spoken to anybody.


They don't even try and get it. that is a war that's dying to be settled. I will get it settled before I even become president if I win when I'm president elect. And what I'll do is I'll speak to one, I'll speak to the other. I'll get together. That war would've never happened. And in fact, when I saw Putin after I left, unfortunately left because our, our country has gone to hell. But after I left, when I saw him building up soldiers, he did it. After I left, I said, oh, he must be negotiating. It must be a good strong point of negotiation. Well, it wasn't because Biden had no idea how to talk to him. He had no idea how to stop it. And now you have millions of people dead and it's only getting worse.


And it could lead to World War iii. Don't kid yourself, David. We're playing with World War III and we have a president that we don't even know if he's, where is our president? We don't even know if he's a president. And and just to clarify here, They threw him out of a campaign like a dog. We don't even know. Is he our president? But we have a president, Mr. President that doesn't know he is alive. Your time is up with the, just to clarify in the question, do you believe it's in the US best interests for Ukraine to win this war? Yes or no? I think it's the US best interest to get this war finished and just get it done. Alright? Negotiate a deal because we have to stop all of these human lives from being destroyed. I want to, Eh, wrong answer, president Trump, that my friend is how you get yourself shot.


Not because you were not telling the truth. Yes, we are playing with World War iii, but they're not playing. They have decided that they want to go to World War iii. that is planned. And when you get up there and you say, no, we're not doing that. I'm gonna stop this and I'm gonna negotiate an end to this. You are getting in the way of the most evil cabal of people whose plans you accidentally interrupted back in 2016. like I said on Friday's episode, their candidate, the neocons, the war class, and military industrial complex was Hillary Clinton. Okay? Never Trump movement. They got on board, the fake conservatives pretending that they were actually conservative, but just morally had to get behind Hillary Clinton.


No, it was because then way back then, they had decided that they wanted to go to war with Iran and Ukraine. I mean, and Russia, okay? Russia, Russia, Russia. They kept throwing that at Trump all the time because Russia was already on their agenda, as was Iran. Hillary Clinton was supposed to be president for the next four years, and Hillary Clinton has never met a war that she didn't like. Okay? She, she, she's a, a murderer for all intents and purposes because of all of the slaughters and wars and deaths that you can directly attribute to her time as Secretary of State. Okay? Think about Gaddafi. Think about her laughing hysterically. Okay? These people love war. There is a blood lust amongst the elite class.


Their families are enriched by war. You have the, you have another layer of people who just love the money that they make from war. War is a way for them. People who can't create anything, who just steal and rob to reset. These people want a global reset. What better way to do it than after World War? What happens after World War? You redraw boundaries. You decide that this country is now 10 times bigger. This one is 10 times smaller. You smash their economy, okay? You get them on, on, on a debt system. You say you're gonna play with us where the dollar, you do that when things aren't going your way, you can't do things the right way. So you do them the wrong way. All you have to do is have bigger guns.


You have to be willing to go to war. You have to be willing to be immoral. You have to be willing to be satanic. You have to be willing and have a lust for children and innocent women and children dying. And to be very clear, these people do okay. So that was the wrong answer that signaled to them that Trump is not keen on World War iii. He therefore must be eliminated. And they knew this. They knew this. Okay? They're not going to wait another four years for World War iii, right? They've already begun it. The first step as Trump is letting you know, was for this little back forth between Ukraine and Russia. The reason for that was because NATO wanted to expand into his territory. They're pretending he's just, oh, he wants to take over the world.


No, don't be an idiot. Russia has a smaller GDP than California. NATO is creeping into his territory. NATO is poking the bear because nato, Hey, that's us. The West wants war with Russia. that is the reality. Don't care. Call me a Putin puppet. You've already done it. Because I see things clearly. I see what's actually happening, and I see exactly why it is that they want Trump gone. Now, who am I speaking about? Well, I don't think Trump, Trump has wised up to the fact that it is the people that are around him that want this war. He doesn't understand it. He thinks that he can contain this by saying, oh, I'm okay with this conflict. I'm okay with that conflict. He doesn't understand that they want somebody like Nikki Haley. Okay, Nikki Haley is high on war, okay?


This woman was snorting lines of Ukraine and Israel for breakfast when she was running. That woman spoke more about Ukraine and Israel on stage than she spoke about America. that is what they need. They need a candidate that is going to say, no matter what, do whatever you need, take as much money as you want. Enslave the American economy forever. Let's go to war. And she was supposed to be their candidate, but Donald Trump forgot to die 64 days ago when he was on stage and a lone shooter shot at him, he forgot to die. He turned his head. That wasn't their plan. He was supposed to be dead.


Do we have that? Do we have that video of Trump getting shot in queue? Take a look at what happened. Whatcha doing, whatcha doing? Donald Trump was supposed to die. You were supposed to watch him bleed out, okay? and that what was going to happen was they were going to tell you a perfect story about why that person, as every camera was trained on him, cameras that hadn't even been there, cameras that don't even normally broadcast. Donald Trump's rallies were all broadcasting that day miraculously.


So people were supposed to watch him die and then feel fury, and then what was going to happen? They were gonna tell us that, that Iran did it. Maybe they're gonna tell us that Russia did it, maybe, but I think they told us afterwards. Well, we were hearing that Iran wanted to do this, and don't forget he killed Soleimani. So. it makes sense that they traveled out here to Pennsylvania, to Butler, Pennsylvania and put this random kid on a roof who was once in a commercial for BlackRock and whatever. His parents are involved in the, in the psychologist community. But I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. Just, just accept the narrative that this was done by Iran. You don't believe me and that Americans are supposed to be on board.


Yes. I just watched President Trump die. I'm on board with war. And lo and behold, Nikki Haley had announced Nikki Haley, who had just recently dropped out of the race and seated to Trump, had announced that she was gonna speak at the RNC right before this. She announced she was gonna speak at the RNC and what was gonna happen. Well, Trump had shot, was shot and had actually died. It was gonna be an open convention. It was gonna be open convention, which means they were going to be able to pick, and of course, it would've just made sense that they picked the candidate that was just behind Trump. And that candidate was Nikki Haley. So again, he was supposed to be dead.


Nikki Haley would've then been forced as the nominee, Nikki Haley, who was snorting lines of Ukraine and Israel and war, war, war would have been the Republican nominee. And then they would've had a, a perfect race. They would've had Biden who was dead, who does whatever they say because he's not the president of the United States and he has never been the president of the United States. And it's a puppetry. It's obviously a puppet show. And then they would've had Nikki Haley who has a lust for war. It would've been their pick a flipped a coin. They wouldn't have cared either way. Maybe they would've done the same bit and had, you know, Biden seed to Kamala. Probably not, because they would've expected everyone, because don't forget a lot of Dems were warming up to Nikki Haley.


They would've just expected that Nikki Haley would've beat him. And Nikki Haley was their candidate. Nikki Haley was the Lockheed Martin war candidate. That didn't happen. That didn't happen. And. so they've allowed this show to go on. They're having NeoCon's infiltrate Donald Trump's campaign. He's pulling away from more his isolationist perspectives. If I had a, a perfect campaign built for Trump right now, he would be surrounded by rednecks. Okay? That's about who I trust to be around him. He would be surrounded by rednecks who care about nothing but America first. He would go radically America first, okay?


He would take money from no one say goodbye to the donor class because the donor class is the war class. These people are wealthy, the majority of them, because in, in some capacity, they're making money off of these wars. And Trump thinks people are his friends. He, he actually believes that these people are his friends. He doesn't see it as an infiltration. He's so blind to assassination attempts and he's not recognizing that the enemy is within. The enemy is surrounding him. Somebody provided that information about him golfing. Who was that? Somebody?


Who do you guys think it was? Do you trust what's happening right now at the Trump campaign? Who's giving him this advice to be speaking about pro-choice and IVF and what is going on right now? Why does it look like to me a NeoCon infiltration, intentionally trying to ruin his campaign? And it looks like by any means necessary, they will ruin his campaign. I trust no one around him. I trust no one around him right now, and I cannot believe that he does not have the gut instinct to recognize that something is wrong when you survive. Two assassination attempts giving you guys an update here from CNN Kaitlyn Collins has said that the US intelligence officials recently briefed Trump's campaign about new indications that Iran was planning to escalate attacks on the former president.


Unbelievably, guys, they're, they're, they're really going with this. Hey, you survived again. Okay, so the guy was obviously very high on Ukraine, but let me tell you why you need to realize that it was Iran. This is incredible. This is, is so obvious. It is so obvious. Before we even had a shooter, the neocons are tweeting about Iran. Now we have an update and we're saying that we are learning that the US intelligent officials are similarly trying to tell Trump that it was Iran. Who is it that wants war with Iran? Because that is the person that is attempting, in my view, to assassinate President Trump.


Both times. The state wants war with Iran. When the state wants to go to war, they will do it by any means necessary. Just ask JFK, who was presented with a plan to stage a fake terrorist attack on American soil by the ccia. A we're going to kill Americans in an attack, and then they were going to blame it on Cuba so that American people would go, rah, rah, rah, let's go to war with Cuba as a declassified CIA event called Operation North Woods. This is how presidents die, okay? They die when war is on the agenda.


People need to wake up to this. First of all, Donald Trump needs to wake up to this. He should be trusting no one, and he better not be foolish enough to believe that it is Iran who somehow got somebody out to West Palm Beach on a Sunday so that they could take a shot at him. I mean, it's absolutely senseless. It is absolutely senseless. I am infuriated. I am just, it is unbelievable how obvious it is at this point. It is unbelievable how obvious it is at this point. Lemme tell you guys something before we read your comments. You better wake up to the real history of America, okay? You better start looking into all of the assassination attempts and figure out what it all is that they have in common.


All the assassinations, sorry, not attempts. Successful assassinations of US presidents in the past, okay? Because there have been four. Abraham Lincoln was assassinated, and what you think You know about that assassination is likely wrong. Okay? When a priest sat me down and said, you know nothing about your country. you know nothing about the Freemasons that were warring for your country. It was about that time that I really woke up to what is happening and what has always been happening in this country. There has always been a hand in this country behind the scenes, and they are willing to murder for power. They're willing to murder for war. There have been four sitting US presidents that have been killed. Abraham Lincoln, allegedly by John Wilkes Booth.


There's a lot to that story that you should look into. James Garfield killed by a person whose father believed he was possessed by Satan, who was involved in some weird religious stuff killed by Charles Gui. To then of course there was William McKinley, when we brought in a ton of these radical communists under the guise of pogroms, and they began radicalizing people in the streets, turning Americans into communists. you know, we, we, we should really re-up McCarthy because he was a hero. You lied about that in your books. America was infiltrated by communists who were assassinated by sa, were thrilled by the successful assassination of Asar.


Came here and started inspiring people here to start killing people for power. And Leon Sole goals was the person who shot and killed William McKinley, who was inspired by communists in New York City. And then of course, the last president who was shot and killed was John F. Kennedy. And we're really still supposed to believe that it was Lee Harvey Oswald. I'm not buying that. I've never bought that before. He could even say that he didn't do it. He was shot by a guy who had been MK Ultra in prison. If, you don't know if none of this sounds familiar to you, then it might be time for you to examine and come to the recognition that you know nothing about real history.


What you know is what has been intentionally taught to you, almost like a fairy tale in your classrooms. And when I came to that conclusion and I came to that recognition, it was shocking. It was jarring. But for the first time, it made sense that this is a true battle between good and evil. This is a true battle as the Bible tells us regarding principal principalities of darkness. That is what we are fighting. And if this does not wake Donald Trump up to the, that fact, if he does not recognize that and start switching things up, I don't know if he's gonna make it. I truly don't know if he's going to make it because he is surrounded by evil. that is my viewpoint. You guys wanna get into some of your comments, but I first just want to throw it to, before we jump into your comments and jump into some of your super chats here.


I'm just going to thank our sponsors,


All Right, guys, cutting into remind you about American. Financing. We all know that the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, expenses are up, and it is very hard to manage to pay all of the bills without grabbing the credit card. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today to my friends at American Financing. Interest rates are coming down and are now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers on average $800 a month. And If, you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens


All Right, guys, just providing you here with a, a brief update on the gunman. Another thing that's coming in is that Ruth was convicted in 2002 of possessing a weapon of mass destruction. It's according to the online North Carolina Department of Adult Correction records. The records do not provide details about the case, a weapon of mass destruction. You're telling me this guy was able to secure a passport and to be allowed to go overseas into another country. I mean, I'm having trouble getting into, I'm having trouble traveling because of my rhetoric to Australia, right? Because I'm not pro-war. I guess I am not pro dead Palestinians, and you're telling me this guy convicted weapon to mass destruction, no issues traveling overseas.


Man, why is this giving me the chaos vibe, chaos being the book that I have been saying is required reading If, you watch this podcast because it really will help catalyze your understanding of just how evil our state is, just on how, how hell bent they are on going to war, realizing that everything you were told about the Charles Manson murders was a lie. That he was a guy in prison. And this looks like this guy was in prison who was then turned into a federal agent and to what end? Well, when I started putting the pieces together, it's pretty obvious they wanted the hippie movement to end because LBJ, after they had shot JFK, wanted war and a bunch of people on LSD talking about love and free love and no war was not gonna cut it, which they needed a, a jarring, shocking mass psychosis event.


Like the idea that a hippie commune turned into sadistic murderers and kill the Hollywood actress. Read that book, chaos, wake up and understand what it is that we are fighting, because this smells funny to me. So he was in prison, and that is where a lot of people are turned. Federal agents in prison, they'll cut a deal, they will give you time off and you will then be let out with remarkable privileges, as was Charles Manson to do federal bidding. This is, again, is another clue that is worth investigating because I can't imagine that somebody with a weapon of mass destruction is just able to just being convicted of that ladi da, go wherever he wants.


Become a spokesperson for the Ukraine War as he sits in Romania. Doesn't pass the test, doesn't it? It it does. Doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Getting into some of your comments here. Lucky Mint, thank you for the tip here. Lucky Mint writes amazing coverage. The 11th hour writes, God bless you. Hail Mary. Miss Abian writes, you're the only popular famous person I trust 1000% with my heart. God bless you. Keep it up. The original call writes, Trump is a threat because he brings American national pride, which is a threat to Zionist power. They depend on Americans being divided. National pride brings people together. Kimberly Hall writes, I read Chaos. It was the first book I went through all the way as an adult.


Amazing book. Yes. I encourage you guys all to read it. Also, If, you are watching this. This is our new Rumble channel. I just wanna make sure this is the right one. So be sure to hit subscribe. We are, we are broadcasting the show every day here and to you guys that are saying that you trust me, thank you very much. I hope I've earned your trust because I'm banned off of YouTube. 'cause I'm just not gonna bite my tongue. We're we're fighting real evil. you know, we're fighting real evil. I don't care. YouTube, okay, you demonetize me. Keep your money. You think I'd rather go to World War II than to earn money? Like I'd rather earn money on YouTube, just So. I can go to World War III by saying the thing that they're all saying is neocons are saying, oh yeah, maybe we should go to war. No, because I wouldn't be selling out the American people.


I'd be selling out my kids. Okay? that is a bleak future. These people are willing to sell out completely, sell out to make a buck. It doesn't make sense to me. like I said, I am owned by the people. I'm thanking you guys for going to locals.com for supporting me. For those of you that have signed up to, to gift us monthly, that is how we keep the show free from having to worry about YouTube. I don't wanna be owned by a corporate, okay? I knew that I was on borrowed time there. I'm glad they pulled the bandaid off because I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna lie, I'm just not going to lie for a living. And they could take everything from me, but they can take nothing from me if my family is intact and if the people believe in me and trust me and will adopt to wherever, whatever platform it is that we're allowed on.


And today, that platform is Rumble If. you guys wanna support the show and you can locals, you can head to locals and support us. You can also buy gear. You can see I'm wearing, my Life is tough. Get a helmet sweatshirt. You guys can buy that and support the show and by other things that we are selling at club Candace dot com, including the Stanis Cup. Tons of ways that you can support to keep us free. And I am just, as I always say, grateful to each and every one of you for staying along on this journey as we all awaken to what is actually going on in this world. And like I said, it is quite bleak. Anyways, you guys, we will see you tomorrow. Thank you for joining us on this Sunday.


Don't forget to subscribe to this Rumble page and we'll see you then.