
All Right, guys. Happy Monday. I'm sorry that I'm running seven minutes late. You guys are killing me right now on the live chat. I'm so sorry. Anyways, topics today are gonna be great. The First and foremost, the mass deportations of illegals is reaching peak comedy right now in the United States of America. We have Selena Gomez crying on Instagram. Trump fans are celebrating, and the president of Columbia, in response to what is going on, has called Trump a white slaver. So I'm confused. Also, I did an Instagram live over the weekend about Justin Baldon. It went very viral. I told you last week, we are completely done with that story. I lied. Welcome back to Candace.


All Right, guys, we are going to start with Selena Gomez because it's funny and we all need to have some funny on a Monday. First and foremost, the backstory of all of this leading to this moment, obviously we are all following this. It's hard to avoid in the news essentially. I know some of you guys disagree with me politically, but Trump is in fact delivering on the mandate to round up illegals. And I also wanna say the top of this, I like Selena Gomez. I was a huge wizards of Waverly Place. Stan, I'm happy for her that she has found love again and is getting married to Benny Blanco, I think his name is. So I'm not, I'm not a Selena Gomez hater. I think it's a little annoying that she's always like, I haven't needed a social media break every two weeks. And I also don't think she's the greatest singer.


I, I prefer her as an actress, but all around, like, I'm, I'm rooting for her. I want things to be good for her like I do for all of these child actors that seem to go off course. But yes, Trump, one of the mandates, one of the reasons that we did vote for him was to round up illegals, you know, ADIO Amigos, our Vo Haitians. It is what it is, and it is in fact exactly what we wanted. I'm sorry, I cannot sugarcoat that for you guys. I can't lie to you. We are tired of the crimes that shouldn't be happening. First and foremost, like there's nothing more infuriating than turning on the news and learning that some young girl, a college student, lost her life and was killed by someone who shouldn't be here. There's nothing more infuriating than having to pay taxes and learning that the taxes that you don't want to be paying are going to people that are not citizens of this country.


Okay? So anyways, we've been seeing the footage nonstop of criminals getting rounded up immediately. Trump got to work. And the best part of this, by the way, is that we are learning their rap sheets, and we are learning that these individuals are child rapists. Our federal government knew where these child rapists were living, and essentially the Biden admin told them, you're not allowed to round them up. Okay? I guess I don't know what, what this is a part of. We're accepting, we're loving. They knew where these criminals were, and it took Trump getting into office and Tom Homan devising a plan to start rounding them up. It is mind boggling. And what is incredible is that when we see them rounded up and they're caught on camera for these ridealongs, and they're asked questions, they're rude, they're confident, they're angry that, you know, that Trump's in office and they're talking trash, zero respect for the law.


And they want us to know how little they respect of the law. Take for example, this Haitian migrant. There was, this was caught in a Fox nude news ride along, incredible rap sheet. It truly such a criminal watch this clip from Fox News, which took place, by the way, this roundup in Boston, I, I'm not going back to Haiti. One of those threats is this illegal alien from Haiti. Ice says he's a gang member with 17 criminal convictions in recent years. Trump, you feel me? Yo Biden forever, bro. Thank Obama for everything that he did for me, bro. So again, for the people who have different politics from me that watch this show, maybe just for the culture element, when you hear that, when you hear someone that has a rap sheet and has c, c 17 crimes have been committed, right?


17 in this country, and we are talking about violent crimes that have been committed and he's just like, thank you Biden. I love you and I hate Trump. How does it actually make you feel? Seriously? Does it, does it make you convert a little bit in your mind? Maybe we'll get you there. Anyways, this is what we were expecting. What we were also expecting was the emotional side of the argument. Because immediately when Trump's in office, then we start being told, what about the children? You know, these families were breaking up fam, that guy right there, he might be a felon, but he's also a father. That seems to be the argument that I at least see being made all the time this year, breaking up families and look at this child crying for his mommy or his daddy. And that argument in particular dri drives me insane because for years, because it's guys, that's what happens when you, when you break the law, it doesn't matter whether you're a citizen or you're not a citizen.


If you break the law, okay, let's say you're just a, a random guy who shoots someone. You go to prison, you get separated from your family, that's a consequence. Actions sometimes have to meet their consequences. And you know, that's on the parent to not do that to their child. Not for society to say, well, you know, I know we killed 10 people. We're not gonna put 'em in prison because of how unfair would it be for their child? I mean, that's nuts, right? And so you have these sappy arguments. And I will say that they do not work on me in particular when I am as pregnant as I am at this moment. But they do always seem to find a home in Hollywood. Celebrities love a good sappy argument. They are incredible at being emotionally swayed.


They're the best, very easily emotionally swayed. Apparently not when illegal murders, young woman like Lake and Riley, but definitively, when they start hearing that families are being separated. So Selena Gomez, okay, she hopped up onto Instagram and she started crying about these, about the mass deportations of Mexicans, presumably because she's Mexican. And so she felt compelled, I'm sure maybe she was getting pressure from people in the comments that were saying, you're Mexican. So you have to take a stance on this and say that it's wrong for people to have to face any consequences for making the law. And so she did that. She obliged and she started crying on her Instagram page.


We're gonna roll that clip for you right now. I just wanted to say that I am so sorry. All many people are getting attacked and children, they don't understand. They're so sorry. I wish I could do something, but I can't. I don know what to do. I'll try everything. I promise I'm not laughing. You're laughing. And so First and foremost, it's funny, first point, she puts a little Mexican flag.


Something like, I don know everybody like loves a flag during debates, like Ukrainian flag and it's real flag. And I've got a Mexican flag and she's just trying to like relate to the people. Like, oh, but this comment, I was in stitches this, this user just wrote underneath that, you know, he's like, girl, he used the B word, B-I-T-C-H could barely even pretend to speak Spanish. And yeah, here she is, just like relating to the amigos. And there's another reason why it's also funny. And I, So I want you to love with me, irrespective of what you think, even if you're on the left and you just love the idea of, I don't know, mass illegal immigration, you have to acknowledge that celebrities in general, like their solution to problems are funny because regular people, it, it's the, it's knowing that she set up her phone to cry.


That really gets me. 'cause it's, it disturbs me. It's like what I said last week. Celebrities don't know they're insane, right? They don't know. I don't know how much money has to be in your bank account before you trip over into the insanity. I don't know how much money you have to have before you start sending text messages about being denarius Arian and having little monster dragons. Like, I need to know what that number is that hits in your account. Where then you're like, I'm just crazy. But I guess they're called eccentric. 'cause rich people are called eccentric. Poor people are called crazy. But that level where they get to eccentric, where it's picturing her setting up for that, that makes me laugh, right? So you have a feeling coming on. Imagine you in your life, like something happens. I don't know, you start crying hysteric, like nobody grabs their cell phone. Think about the steps there, right?


My Instagram, am I live, I'm So, I live, is it going? Is it going okay? It's live. So I, it's Weird. It's the moment of consciousness that is weird for me that you're thinking about your, for me, it tells me you're not really sad because when you cry and you're actually super upset about something, the last thing you're thinking about is social media. You're not trying to capture social media. So this only works if you're being filmed. Like I, okay, if you're on a reality TV show and then you're being filmed And so somebody captures you crying, then, then I might be like, oh, that's actually really sad.


Like, you know, Kylie Jenner's crying obviously doesn't want the production around to capture this, but she, she's her own producer, she's her own videographer and she's crying. So I think it's weird, and I think it's funny and I think it's okay for us to objectively embrace the fact that Selena Gomez crying on Instagram is funny. And we have to tell 'em that it's funny and it's weird. So they stop being weird and funny in that way. So anyways, just wanted to show you that. So no hard feeling, seriously, I hope you have an amazing wedding, but it's a little annoying. But you did that. So on top of that, and this is also hilarious, we missed it over the weekend, was this battle of the, who's the tough guy between the Colombian president and Trump. Okay? So this is the Colombian president. He's funny for a lot of reasons we're gonna get into that.


But essentially part of rounding up these people is we're going, okay, where are you from? You're from, you're from Columbia, you gotta go back to Columbia, okay, I am sorry Ombre. And so he, Trump gets a military plane together and he sends all of these illegals to Columbia. And guess what? The president that Mr. Gustavo Petro is his name, posts on X, that he barred US planes that were carrying Colombian migrants. So these are his citizens from entering the territory because quote, the US can't treat Colombian migrants like criminals. Okay? He demanded, he then demanded so that that flight had to divert to Costa Rica. He then demanded that the US put procedures in place for migrants to be quote unquote treated with dignity.


Okay? And this is weird because last year they accepted deportation flights. There were 124 planes that went into, came from the US and landed into Columbia. But President Petro said that his problem was that these deportees were on military planes rather than civilian flights. And he didn't like the way that the migrants may have been treated, which is a bizarre thing to say on the military flights. Like nobody's punching them in the face, they're just on military flights. But in his posts on X, he referenced videos that were showing the migrants that, and they were handcuffs and they also had their feet restrained. So I'm gonna show you that footage here. And for those of you that are listening on audio, you just see a bunch of, oh, it's not families, it's grown adult Colombian men and they're all walking and they, you know, and they have their feet shackled, which you can see, maybe you can't see from this angle, but you'll see it as we keep going on, their feet are shackled, their feet are shackled and their hands are shackled.


And so this is what has upset the president. He's like, this is inhumane. Why are their hands shackled? And this might also be what Selena Gomez doesn't understand. She doesn't understand. She says like, why are there hand shackled? So let me help you both because they broke the law. Okay? Like I know, I dunno if this is like a foreign concept arresting what happens when you get arrested, your hands get shackled. So you are free once they land into your country, sir, to say, I don't think this is a high crime. And to ask for the keys and we're free. You could release them wherever you want. Reason to the forest of Columbia, they can do whatever it is you want. The the PLAs Day Columbia. Okay, Columbiana's, that's fine.


They just can't be in our country 'cause they broke the law. And it's tremendous to me as someone who married an immigrant, okay, to go through the process legally. I'm just stunned. Do you guys not know like Selena crying Colombian president, did you not know there's an option to come into this country legally? That's the, that's, I don dunno, that just completely seems crazy. Like the only way that you can get in is through the southern border and by breaking the law. 'cause that's not a reality. And the people that go through the process like I do when it takes years, it just frustrates me when they are signaling to us that the years that we spent the paperwork, the interviews that my husband and I have had to do, you know, and they get to just go, well, we, we snuck in.


And so now we want the rights and we want free handouts and we want welfare benefits. And that's what we got under President Biden. Anyways, so he, as going back to this, you know, narrative where the Colombian president Petro decides to divert the plane, he's like, oh, I'm a tough guy. Ah, well it turns out Trump then this all happened on Sunday, hits truth social and on X and basically says you wanna play tough guy, here's what I'm gonna do. He writes, I was just informed that two repatriation flights from the United States with a large number of illegal criminals were not allowed to land in Columbia. This order was given by Columbia's socialist President Petro, who is already very unpopular amongst his people. Petrol's denial of these flights has jeopardized the national security and the public safety of the United States.


So I have directed my administration to immediately take the following urgent and decisive retaliatory measures. One emergency, 25% tariffs on all goods coming into the United States in one week, the 25% tariffs will be raised to 50%. So let me tell you why that's really relevant. Before I read the rest of these, guess what the number one thing that Columbia exports to the United States Roses, they're huge flower export exporters. Okay? And Valentine's Day is coming up. So this is the time where they just inundate us with their number one product.


And now Trump's like, oh, okay, you wanna play tough guy? Well guess what? Mm, we're gonna add a 25% tax and then it's gonna go up to 50% a tariff on you sending all of this stuff in. Going back to his list, he says, a travel ban and immediate visa revocations on the Colombian government officials and all of their allies and supporters, visa sanctions on all party members, family members and supporters of the Columbian government enhanced custom and border protection inspections of all Columbia nationals and cargo on national security grounds and I-E-E-P-A treasury banking and financial sanctions to be fully imposed. So he's just not playing around. And instantly, okay, first the president tries, the president of Columbia, Petro responds and says, on, on this is all happening on X, by the way, which is amazing.


He writes, your blockade does not scare me because Columbia, besides being the country of beauty, is the heart of the world. He writes back poetry, he writes back attempted poetry to Trump saying like, you're gonna pay for this financially. But then what happened was, behind the scenes, Petros administration immediately folded. Okay? You know, late night news conference, the foreign minister Louis Murillo announced that the two countries had overcome the impasse and that Columbia would accept their return citizens. Okay? But to make the president feel good, he said he's gonna, he's gonna send the presidential plane, essentially the Colombian Air Force one to pick them up, buddy. If you wanna send your Air Force one back and forth to pick up the illegals, we are totally cool with that. Like that is, this is not a problem for us at all.


And so that's what's happening. Trump won. It was a 24 hour standoff and this is what it means to just be, to have a leader at the forefront of the country. Not someone who's just bending over and saying, okay, well we'll do whatever it is that you want. And so the only thing that Petro had left was name calling. So he called Trump on x, a white slaver. And so he, he really wrote this next, he wrote, I don't want slavers next to Columbia. We already had many and we freed ourselves. You don't like our freedom, okay? I don't shake hands with white slaves. Ooh, okay, tough guy. We get it. And I would be careful going around name calling because this is a random fun fact you should probably know. But the Colombian president, and that fun fact is that he got caught with a transgendered woman.


Yeah, this is a real headline. Married Colombian president, Gustavo Petro says he's not gay after he is seen in Panama with trans woman Linda Yaps. And so this is the photo or video rather of him walking with, I don't, don't wanna be in trouble for misgendering on YouTube. He's walking with Linda, got caught folded and just wanted to reiterate to the public. And so since I'm a supporter of him in his beautiful country, I will reiterate what he said. He's not gay guys, you, you're just transphobic. And that's literally what he said to the press, he's not gay. You, you're just transphobic.


And I wanna remind all of you guys that that is, that is the reality. I don't know what the heck is going on in the world, but I'll tell you one thing you guys, I am having a lot of fun.


Okay, before we get into this deep dive of the Blake Live with Justin Baldoni, guys, I'm even, I've even created a, a, a timeline. Okay? I first wanna remind you that today's episode is sponsored by Momentous. Okay? When the goal is our health and being able to live better for longer, there are a few non-negotiables. One of them is quality. And when it comes to supplements geared toward high performers, no one does it quite like Momentous. They invest in an NSF certification, meaning that every batch is tested for heavy metals, harmful additives, and label claim accuracy. Momentous is trusted by all 32 NFL teams and collegiates dieticians all over the country. Momentous believes in nailing the basics with bone crushing consistency, then curating a routine based on your individual goals. And by basics they mean protein and creatine, Momentous sources, creapure, which is the purest form of creatine that you can have. It's creatine monohydrate available and it's an absolute must for peak physical and cognitive performance for both men and women. So try them today by visiting live Momentous live moment, pardon live Momentous dot com and get 20% off with code CANDACE. Again, that's live Momentous dot com with promo code Candace.


Okay, So I am obviously caught. This is crazy. Somebody tweeted Kid Candace. So it's mixed time to go out for the president of France while doing a deep dive on Justin Bald Donate. This girl is unhinged and I love it. Pregnancy. Be like that you guys. So to remind you of why, 'cause a lot of people ask, why are you invested in this story? I have been a critic, a reporter, and an obsessive when it comes to the Me Too movement since its very inception, since Kesha was caught crying in the back of the courtroom in 2015. So it's not about Hollywood to me, it's about the idea that a woman can make an allegation and a man can lose everything. It doesn't sit well with me because I have now three sons, okay?


One still in the oven, two, they're out and running around. I can't deal with the world where women can just go, oops, he did this and they lose everything. I just can't do it, right? So when I see these stories and I, I just start looking behind and peeling layers of the onion, I'm like, okay, I, I just get quite obsessive. It is true. And so what I did over the weekend, I did this live, is literally I woke up and had three and a half million views telling people that I was getting all this information about what went down behind the scenes and we were getting closer and closer to what appears to be the truer narrative, which is that at some point Blake and Justin got a little too flirty. Blake had feelings. Ryan Reynolds allegedly went psychotic.


So what I've done today for you guys, I've actually built out a timeline. I will share this on Instagram after the show because a timeline really makes it clear that something very much happened when Ryan Reynolds came home because of the sag after strike that took place in July of 2023. And whatever happened when he came home, he starts paying attention at the same time. So it ends with us, okay? And Deadpool and Wolverine were filming at the same time. So Ryan was away from home because Deadpool was filming in Canada and England, I, I know way too much about this. And Blake Lively was home because it ends with us, was filming in New Jersey and she lives in New York.


So that would've been like a cab ride back and forth. So they were away from each other at the beginning of this filming. And then about six months in is when the Writer's Guild Association strike happened and the Sag AFTRA strike happened and production got shut down. You vaguely remember this, maybe you're not, I know nothing about Hollywood either, but I do remember that there was a like this huge shutdown where we're like writers couldn't write and every production, they just had to stop. And so then Ryan came home, okay? So I'm giving you the background of story. So you should just know that for Justin Baldoni, he has been involved in this story telling this story from, of Colleen Hoover's book. It ends with us since 2019. 2019 is the year that Wayfarer Studios acquired. It ends with us, okay?


And he was ecstatic about this. He spent so much time meeting in groups with women trying to learn why they loved the book. He wanted to make sure that if he told the story it was from a female gaze. I am telling you this dude, he, it is something that brings the left and the right together because the fact that I'm defending him after going through his Instagram like this is the opposite of someone that I would typically defend. But justice is justice and this man is, he's like a hyper feminist. He, everything he posts is about like trying to get rid of his toxic masculinity. He wrote this book called Man Enough where he talks about like going and dealing with like your inner childhood trauma. And I am looking through his like he, he posts for trans visibility day, but he's one of these rare people.


And I say rare because I believe the majority of people in Hollywood, just so you guys on the left note, we on the right believe is that they virtue signal. We believe the majority of them are Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. And the rare bird person is Justin Baldoni, who really ha believes these things and has internalized these things and is truly a male feminist as he is. But his, his timeline and it tells me that it, it is not a joke to him. So he wanted to bring this film alive and had been working on it since 2019 when he acquired the rights of it. Okay, so let's get to 2023. Okay? January of 2023, Deadpool in Wolverine begins filming in Vancouver and also in Atlanta. Remember Blake Lively and Ryan live in New York.


And then eventually that filming gets suspended because of the sag after strikes. And that means that no one films again until November of that year. So January also, as I mentioned, it ends with us, begins filming and then in, for the first six months everything is apparently going great between Justin and Blake. She's being a little like giving too much of her advice about ways that she might change lines or like should we do this, blah, blah blah. But they're working together and his lawsuit spells out that they were like laughing until 4:00 AM in the morning together. And in June of 2023, this is really important. Things are so great between Justin and Blake that she invites him to her penthouse.


He holds her newish born baby. I'm saying newish. I think she had the baby maybe like the, the December before holds the baby. She takes a picture of Justin bald holding her baby. And also in June of 2023, she invites him into her trailer while she was breastfeeding. Okay? She's like pumping in my trailer. This is June 3rd If you wanna work out our line. So he's in there in her trailer and she is pumping, I shouldn't say breastfeeding, she's breast pumping in her trailer. And this is according to Justin's lawsuit. And he presented this evidence. So this is a fact. Essentially nothing was wrong between Justin and Blake. You don't invite someone who's sexually assault you into your trailer alone while your boobs are out.


Can we all agree on that? Just sensibly like, Hey, if I feel creepy about a guy, maybe when I have my boobs out, I'm not gonna invite him into the trailer. Okay? Suddenly just a few days after that, on June 14th is when the Writer's Guild of America begins picketing and they halt production. And Justin's lawsuit notes that it was during that lead up to the strike, the big strike which happened in, in, in July, 2023 that for the first time Blake begins requesting to see the dailies. So it was an outrageous request, completely unorthodox, okay? For her as an actress and a producer to be requesting to receive a daily. So like she's home now. So from this time in June until this strike ends, she is now home.


But also Ryan Reynolds is home. Okay? Because now he's being sent home because of that sag after strike, which begins officially in July. So look out this, look at this email that she sends and then I'm gonna show you the second one that she sends, which is even crazier on July. Pull up the July one here, July 19th, okay? She sends this email and I am telling you, I read this email and I don't feel like she sent this, okay, this is on July 19th, a demand to see all of the dailies. Ryan's home, she just had her boobs out in the trailer in June, everything's good. All of a sudden she writes this email sounds strangely formal for someone who had her boobs out just last month, okay?


It says, Hey, I hope you and your family are well this is to Justin. I watched the select you sent. So great. I was so happy and energized, such solid work from everyone on and off camera. It was really cool to see we were working so quickly, there was never the time to look back. So it was nice to revisit from an audience's perspective, please let me know who to reach out to to get access to the full gallery of dailies. I'm so looking forward to seeing all we have in the can. And of course any scenes you cut together, I'd love to see, hope you're having a good summer and hopefully a good edit. Will your assembly be done soon? XI don't know why that email scares me. I don't know. I feel, and I obviously have no idea, but I feel Ryan said, get me all the dailies.


And what's weird about that? 'cause I know I just learned this word, learned this like cool production term dailies. It means all the footage you could, there is no way that you wanna see all of the raw footage. What, why would you wanna see all the raw footage? Unless you wanted to see what was happening outside of the script or wanting to see like the downtime and what's going on on set. Like it's a weird request. She's not saying like, send me the three edits or the three takes, she just wants the running. Do you know how much time it takes? Like that's an editor's nightmare. Okay, editor's nightmare is having to cut off all the random conversations people are having on set before they say 1, 2, 3, cut, you know, whatever it is. It's just hours and hours and hours and hours of footage. Blake has four kids and she's breastfeeding and breast pumping.


You're telling me she wanted to see all the dailies? No, Ryan Reynolds came home and maybe here's me, I'm speculating here. Okay, maybe he looked at his cameras at home, maybe he saw Justin was there, maybe he overheard a conversation. You know, a lot of people now are getting caught on these like nest cameras that are facing outside. Maybe they're on the deck, I don't know. I would imagine they've got a pretty tight security system and men love security systems. My my husband thinks it's funny. He'll like send me a text if he's like out in London and be like, Hmm, was your order of Chipotle good? And I'm like, oh, I forgot that he had a camera there, right? Just let me know that he's watching. 'cause men love tech, right? So maybe this is what happened. Maybe he came home, saw that Justin was at their house, saw that they were there until a later time, saw that she was laughing and suddenly he's like, I wanna see all these dailies.


This is what my gut feeling tells me. 'cause there's no way you go from boobs out in the trailer to suddenly like, hi, hello. Formal email. Can I see every bit in every minute of the footage? Weird. Okay, weird. So that's July 19th, 2023. The week after Ryan Reynolds writes a birthday post on Instagram to Sandra Bullock and here is what he says. Okay? One week later, happy birthday to my inimitable and stunning Sandra Bullock to for your birthday this year. I got us both intimacy coordinators and an HR department and clothing question mark.


Oh, oh guys, that is not subtle. That is not subtle. Ryan and Blake are arguing very clearly because Ryan turns everything into a funny skit, right? He's a scary guy. He's a very scary man. This Ryan Reynolds. I'm telling you the, the anger bubbles under the surface. He's on Instagram and he's like, Hey, happy birthday's Sandra Bo and Sandra Bo's probably like what I got, I got you an intimacy coordinate. Why would you say that to Sandra Bullock? Why are you saying that to her at all? And HR department, what do you, what's going on man? Okay, Ryan is home and he's angry that this is me. Allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. Don't sue me, okay? Do not sue me Ryan Reynolds, I don't have time for your crap. Okay? But I'm watching the timeline and I'm seeing now this is the first time we actually can see in the public sphere in 2023 that we hear about intimacy coordinator.


Okay? Fast forward to November of that year and now the SAG AFTRA strike has lifted and Deadpool is now beginning to resume filming. Okay? So now Ryan has got to go back to Canada, England, Atlanta, he's gonna be outta the house again. Well guess what? According to Justin's lawsuit on November 9th, right before Ryan leaves, okay, or right the same day, he who knows what day in November he left to go start the filming. But filming has now been resumed. Blake Lively's lawyer shocks them and sends an email of 17 points of demands for her to resume filming or she's just not coming back. Basically like you guys need to agree to these 17 points or Blake Lively is just not coming back to film.


They're shocked by this. They're like what on earth is going on? Everything was going good. She had her boobs out in the trailer breastfeeding. Now all of a sudden you're like implying here that like there's something wrong. I'm gonna show you the email that her lawyer sent. So this is not Blake, this is her lawyer sent, which could have been instructed by Ryan. They're having an argument and I think Blake's going like, no, no I didn't want blah blah blah. And so they are saying that they reserve their legal rights and buried in this are 17 demands that don't make sense to them. She's asking for an intimacy coordinator. We're gonna learn through Justin's lawsuit that he already gave her an intimacy coordinator and she refused to meet with them. He did BA back in May and April.


Justin bought don't he? The intimacy, she didn't care because I think they were getting a little flirty on set. I think that's what was going on. And so she's saying to her husband like I, this is a, I'm telling you guys this is a fight. This is a fight that's happening. And she is playing like stupid 'cause he's getting angry and he's asking, now see the script? You wanna see the dailies but a sudden legal and, and there was not a single issue and now you're sending 17 steps of demands that they said were redundant. For example, they mentioned in this lawsuit about like, you know, nudity scenes and you know it, it would be inappropriate for her to shoot nudity scenes they had not shot according to Justin Baldoni lawsuit, which he provided evidence for, they hadn't shot one.


They, it's just like Ryan going crazy. I think this is Ryan going crazy. Okay? So they basically have to put everything on ice. We're in November now Deadpool guy has gotta go back to film. And then they say before we, before we return to filming, not only do you have to agree to these 17 demands and the lawyers as in Justin Baldon and Wayfair Studios wrote back and were like, these demands don't even make sense. We'll agree to this but be be aware that none of this makes any sense. And they wrote down, which Blake Lively did not include in her complaint. They wrote down why none of them made sense and provided proof of why did ITT make any sense? Then they say, well and before we even get back to set we need to have an all hands on deck meeting.


Okay? So this brings us to January. So Justin and Blake have not seen each other. Okay? Suddenly they get this letter, they're like what's going on? And like they showed these text messages where Justin Baldoni is like, guys, we just need to suck it up like we have all of these people who have not been getting paid 'cause the strike has been so long, we need to bring this movie over the finish line. Like let's just like do what we have to do to make this work. We've already filmed all of this, we've been filming from January to June and we just need to get this over the finish line. So now they have all hands on deck meeting where Blake Lively elects to bring with her. So suggest it's been her rights to bring with her representative. Yes, who the representative was on January 4th, 2024. According to Blake Lively's complaint, Ryan was her representative.


And so the first time she sees them again, Ryan invites these people to his house, okay? Their Tribeca, whatever, it's apartment penthouse and this is him Alpha male, you're gonna be in my territory now. And Justin Baldoni writes in his complaint, what then happened? So I'm gonna show you that. January 4th, 2024 Lively brought Reynolds as her chosen representative. She notably did not request any attendings. Attendees from the Screen Actors Guild together, Reynolds and Lively blindsided the rush of the group. The list of grievances read aloud by lively that were as troubling as they were fictional. Reynolds then launched into an aggressive tirade berating bald and what Baldon later described as a traumatic encounter as bald later said he had never been spoken to like that in his life.


Reynolds demanded that Baldon apologized to lively for actions that had either never happened or had been grossly mischaracterized, bald resisted apologizing for things that he had not done. Which further enraged Reynolds, everyone including the producer that Lively had asked the production to engage and the Sony representative left the meeting in shock. The producer said that in his 40 year career, he had never seen anyone speak to someone like that in a meeting. The Sony representative said later that she often thought of the meeting and her one regret was not intervening to stop Reynolds tirade against bald. You guys, you guys are getting what's happening here. Ryan's going nuts. Blake Lively's lying because Ryan's going nuts. Whatever he saw that set him off, that made him, and I'm saying him request a daily in that email he's basically saying she's not coming back to set unless these demands are agreed to.


And this gets to like, you know, I don't want anybody riffing, I don't want this, I wanna rewrite scenes. I mean, and then what happens is they agree to all this crazy stuff, you know, and they never signed anything but basically like had this meeting were shocked they get back to set and like I said, all the text messages between Justin and the team show that he's just like, we have to do this for the team, we need to get this over the finish line. But later that month in January of 2024, Ryan still obviously very angry, decides to include some last minute nice pool scenes. This is according to the Hollywood reporter, not me, Hollywood reporter claims. The nice pool scenes were shot in the final days of the principal photography. This is a direct quote from the Hollywood Reporter article.


You can see at the end there it says it was all added post-strike says one knowledgeable source of the shooting schedule, who says the scenes were filmed in the final days of the principal photography, which wrapped up in January of 2024. So Ryan is still very angry, he's like psycho angry and he starts writing Justin Baldon into the new Deadpool and Wolverine movie, which is going to air in six months, right? And we've showed you that scene, but I'm, I guess I'm just gonna show it to you guys again. But then tell you another scene I forgot tell you about this is the scene where he's just mocking Justin Bald, My blind elderly African American roommate, blind Al always says that pain teaches us who we are.


Sometimes we need to listen to that pain instead of running from it. Who are you? Oh, I'm Deadpool and I guess you're a Deadpool too, but in here everybody calls me nice pool. Oh my goodness, where do you see Lady Pool? She is gorgeous, she just had a baby too and can't even tell. I don't think you're supposed to say that. That's okay. I identify as a feminist, right? And I guess you've already met Mary Puffin to AKA dog pool. You let this little flirt out of your sight for one second and she starts shopping for a new papa. You better hope that you don't run into the Deadpool core and they're crazy. They will chop you up into a thousand pieces and hide you all over the void. If they could only process their childhood trauma, they'd go on one heck of a healing journey.


Okay? So think about what is being said there, okay? In this rewrite of the scene, the dog, the B-I-T-C-H is clearly in my view, supposed to be Blake, you let her out of your second for one second. Once you let her out of your sight for one second he says, and she goes looking for another papapa, you're gonna hear him say that again in another skit that I'll show you for the, it ends with Us movie. But he's essentially the entire setup there 'cause I watched it with my producer Today is Nice Pool and Deadpool are fighting over the dog. Okay? And on top of that, which I forgot to send to my producer, you're gonna have to let me look this up in my photos real quick. He tweets around the same time, okay about, we didn't pull that right Skyler about the dog, which is like totally insane.


I think I have it here, I'm gonna try to find it. But Ryan Reynolds then sends a tweet where he says that the dog is his intimacy coordinator. He tweets that he actually says, this is my like dog pool is my intimacy coordinator. So he's just outwardly bullying Justin Baldon. And to give you the reference of why he's saying what he is saying there about finding your inner self, Justin Baldon, like I said, I went through his Instagram, he had some injuries, some serious back injuries. And then was saying that he thought some of the injuries were psychosomatic. He went on this journey down to Columbia and he spoke a lot about having to address as his book does his inner child, right?


So he's very into spiritualism and we're gonna talk about that later in the, in another promotion, very into spiritualism. He's very into like inner healing but also doing work to heal your inner child. He has spoken extensively about how he feels that he was traumatized when he was a child, when someone introduced him to pornography before he was ready to be introduced to pornography, tons of stuff and has done that work and does all this breath work. And so that stereotype, and by the way, you're not Justin Baldoni fan, I certainly was not and am not before this movie again into thus Justin Baldoni had his hair exactly like that. So he is like that West Village stereotype of you know, a guy who's very into health and breathing work. And so that's his brand. So he just goes outright, angrily mocking him.


The part that I forgot to tell you was that at the end of the movie, Blake Lively makes an appearance and it wasn't actually Blake Lively in the, in the scene, but she did the voiceover for Lady Pool and she shows up and this is a shocking level of bullying, okay? At the end of the movie, as he's battling it out with nice pool, he adds to this movie at the very end or adds these lines at the very end, Blake Lively's character lady pool shoots, nice pool dead. And I'm talking like it's an overkill scene. Like basically Ryan Reynolds is holding up nice pool, the guy with the bun in the hair and he just, she shoots him like a hundred times and he just keeps holding him up in front and just lets him get shot, shot, shot, shot, shot in front of Sage Flower Shop.


Okay, so we're showing you a still here. That is Ryan Reynolds Deadpool holding Nice pool and Blake Lively's character is just meant to shoot him over and over again. I wanna be clear, Blake Lively was not there on set so she may not have seen or heard these lines and he's just venting his frustration. And now what Reflectively is a very terrifying, scary way. Like basically fantasizing about murdering Justin Baldon is the best way to look at this. And that's why Justin Bald has included Disney and sent them a preservation order in this lawsuit because he's like, this is not by accident, but bring that up again. So the, his death happens in front of a flower shop. The, it says flowers and gifts and it's called Little Sage.


Even that is Ryan Reynolds venting his anger because the flower shop is what Lily Bloom the character that Blake Lively plays and it ends with us. That's where she works. She works at a flower shop, she's named after flowers Lily Bloom. And the sage is a part of the lawsuit. The complaint that Blake Lively file, which I believe was guided by Ryan Reynolds as well, where she says on on point like 22 of her complaint that he has to stop s staging employees like apparently on set, okay? He had told you like he's really woke Justin Baldoni, he sages the sets and sages like just sages the air around people. So it was meant to be another stab at Justin Baldoni.


Like he did not want Justin Baldoni to be confused about who he was referring to. I am referring to you Justin Baldoni by the way, Skyler, while we're live, If you can pull up, If you can find that tweet of Justin Bald saying that the puppy is his intimacy coordinator, just let me know my ear. Oh you found it. My my people. My people are amazing. Look, he wrote, he wrote this Peggy Dog pool, Mary Puffins, she goes by many names. She's obviously a very special cast number. What many don't know is that she was also the intimacy coordinator. Like he's a psycho, he scares me, he scares me. Ryan Reynolds makes me very scary. He then writes what kind of intimacy coordinator says hello each morning by hurling her leathery 30 10, 32 inch long tongue into your throat and down to the bottom of your stomach.


Like it's like, it's like weird. He's just like trying to keep signaling Justin Baldoni like that. He's really angry. And so he's clearly the one that's demanding this intimacy coordinator. Okay, so now we're jumping back into our timeline, which I will share. We have the Ryan Reynolds is on a tear, he's very angry. He's writing Justin Baldon. This Wayfair Studios is completely shocked 'cause everything was great with Blake. Blake Lively. And all of a sudden like Ryan gets home from filming and he's like now, now he's there, he is there involved screaming at Justin Baldoni and Justin Baldoni just says sorry to him. And also like you heard, it's just like I, you know, I didn't do that. Some stuff you're saying is made up and I think Blake Lively lied to defend herself against her husband, right?


So I'm, I am alleging that in reading this that she just said stuff because he probably was like, why are you so intimate? I don dunno, maybe he saw something and she's like, oh it's because they didn't get me intimacy coordinator and I'm not comfortable actually, you know, like lying to protect yourself in a very scary way. And I'm, By the way, do not think she's innocent. I will show you she's not innocent. But I think at this moment she was potentially very worried about her husband's reaction. Then we fast forward they they wrap and she's injecting her like Ryan is injecting himself more. He's showing up on set. He is asking to keep seeing the dailies. He is now trying to bring his Deadpool writers and composers over on the movie.


I mean you read the lawsuit, Justin's complaint and it's just like, it's insane. They basically just try to stage a takeover of this movie. June is when Blake Lively begins doing these screenings for it ends with us and she's with Colleen Hoover and she's with Brandon Snar in Texas, but noticeably absent as Justin Baldoni. They force him to start conducting screenings alone. Again, this is all part of stuff that I believe behind the scenes was being orchestrated by Ryan. Basically he does not want Ryan near his wife. He got threatened in some capacity. Well at the same time, in July rather in June, Blake Lively starts getting bad press because the tiktoks are not liking this thing. She's saying during screenings, they're not liking the fact that Blake Lively is promoting her hair products because look at this, Blake Lively is accused of being tone deaf as she plugs her hairline while promoting domestic abuse film.


Okay? So my take on this is that now first Blake Lively is like hands off and letting Ryan do whatever, but then, and maybe Ryan put this in her head or maybe she really believed it because she's a narcissist. I think she starts thinking that Justin Baldi believing, there's no doubt she believed that Justin was orchestrating these smear attacks. She did not believe that this was natural. She couldn't, she cannot perceive her own li Unlikeability. That's what a narcissist is. It's like, well it can't be me. And so between her and Ryan who both I think suffer from varying degrees of narcissism, they were like, well obviously this is happening because not because of your, you're not amazing these hair products would obviously everyone would wanna buy these, these old interviews start surfacing of Blake Lively, right?


And, and in these interviews, Blake Lively is very rude and everyone is laying like, I don't like this girl. This is a movie about domestic violence. She's talking about her hair products, which I, I think it's called like Blake and Brown or Lively and Brown, whatever it is. And it was genuine feedback that her and Ryan decided to lay on the feet and Ryan probably loved this 'cause now he's got his wife back, right? And she's like fired up and she's like, let's take this man down. And so this is the first time that we start seeing Blake publicly. This is the first that I could find the first example of Blake now publicly taking shots at Justin Bald. 'cause she didn't in the movie Deadpool Ryan did, she just voiceover Lady Pool's part and Lady Pool didn't actually have any lines which were anti Justin bald.


But come July 22nd, 2024, okay, Deadpool in Wolverine, the movie premiers Blake Lively's reputation is starting to go tick, tick, tick down. And people are not liking that. She's not making the her her commentary about domestic violence. She seems flippant and light and the Deadpool and Wolverine world Premiere takes place at the end of July And this is what Blake Lively posted to promote Deadpool. Look at this post. Now that we know the context, I mean they're literally online effing bullies. Okay? She tags Deadpool and she writes, I mean she tags her husband and she writes BRB, I'm buying Milky Pens to write your name on my hand. So like they're back in love, they love each other so much.


My Y 2K girlies, I should be competitive because the it ends with us. Movie is coming out in three weeks. But when your middle school obsessions your feelings post baby or about nice men who use feminism as a tool, there you have it. She's talking about Justin Bald and then she basically says at the bottom there she says a bunch of other stuff that essentially you should go watch the Deadpool movie at the bottom there. She says, it's hard not to encourage my ladies to spot all the ways that we've been influenced by the Deadpool movie. And I've never been more happy. I think that ours got like cut off here. But essentially she's letting, she's letting them know that we're making fun of Justin Baldon in this movie.


And that is her first engagement that I could find of her publicly saying something in mid-July is when she launched her Blake Brown Hair Products. And like I just showed you, she started getting even more terrible feedback for being tone deaf in the press. And then on August 6th it was the, it ends with us premier and this is obviously the notorious time that Bald was then by that time put in the basement. And again, the reason that this happened is because she kept threatening Sony behind the scenes like her And Ryan's thing was, I will not come. She basically, she said, I will not come, I will not do promotional tour. I will not be in the movie after they had already shot this stuff. So she's giving an ultimatum here and they are just folding and they're like, we just need to get through this. This needs to get done.


And what's funny is this, on the same day of this, So I mean talk about Ryan really having some sort of a mental break and trying to destroy Justin Baldon, his family's literally in the basement and it's really sad On top of that, well Ryan chose this day to drop his promotional trailer for, it ends with us with a skit of him roasting Justin Bald well with Hugh Jackman of the other star of Deadpool and Wolverine and Brandon Lenner, who is the other star of it, ends with us. So this is an alpha move and everything they're saying in Miss Skit, I showed this on Instagram, was just to mock Justin. So they're referring to Justin, his spiritual journey that he went on, that he posted about in South America, the inner child healing.


Again, the same stuff you're seeing in Deadpool, they're still mocking that. But then this other piece happens and I told you it's very weird because they keep insisting that like, I don't know that Ryan Reynolds does meth, I don't know. But he brings his mom into the skit. And I want you to listen to this because the mom is playing the part of Blake. She literally says, call me Blake at the end of this. Okay? And Brandon Glenner is supposed to be Justin Baldon and Ryan is playing himself Ryan. So in this skit, the way that I perceive it, since none of this is actually a joke, he is perhaps recounting a conversation, maybe a daily or something that he heard between Blake and Justin Baldoni.


'cause he would've shot this before obviously. And yet he saved it for the premiere. And again, Blake is nowhere to be seen. She's not in sight here. So I feel like he's again venting at Blake Lively, like he was also potentially doing in my Deadpool movie. Take a listen to this promo for a movie about a domestic abuse. I don't feel very comfortable asking this question. Nope, I got it. I'll get it here. I can do that here. You're not gonna read it. I will then. Okay. Thank you very book. That's, yeah, that's the one. It says Ryan would love to have a new dad to have a catch. And I think he could really use a man in his life. Hugh is no Spring Chicken anymore. Blink once for Yes.


Or Blink once for I'd love to be your new dad. He blinked. He, he, he, he blinked. Is this Hell No, it's Iowa. That's from Field of Dreams. It's one of Ryan's favorite movies because he and his late father had so much unresolved sadness, but pride got on the way and neither of them were able to find closure. Ryan thinks Field of Dreams is a true story because he's on meth and that drug is super scary. Ms. Reynolds call me Blake. Oh yeah, I could blow your mind dog. So that's weird. It's objectively weird.


And he's reiterating what he said in that Deadpool scene where he's saying, first he said about the dog, like, oh, I leave for one second and she finds a new papa. Well they're saying it again, right? He's saying when Ryan gets up there, he, you know, talking about his presumably his sons that like, you know, they need to find a new father. Like, it's like Ryan is basically accusing, in my view, via humor, Blake, of trying to replace him in some capacity maybe 'cause he's getting older 'cause he is older. It's almost a, a decade, maybe 11 years older than her and she just had a baby. And, but that is not humor. This is nothing to do with, it ends with us movie about a domestic violence and, and he's even getting so personal as to say Ryan Reynolds and his father, father died in 2000.


Did you know his father died in 2015 and they had unresolved issues. That's true. I fact checked that. And it was true. She's like, she brings up, he thinks field of dreams is a isn't just a movie 'cause he's on meth. Well, I can't say whether or not Ryan does drugs. He certainly acts like it. 'cause this is very, in my view, erratic behavior. And I think I, but I would never know whether or not it's true or false that he does drugs. But I can fact check the other elements of that. Yes. His dad died in 2015. Yes, Ryan spoke out in multiple interviews about how they had unresolved issues. In fact, he says in in past interviews that the reason he has these control issues, he's very controlling, which Scarlett Johansson hinted to as a reason for the end of their marriage and an interview with L Magazine is because his father would come home and scream.


This is again, Ryan Reynolds opened up about this publicly. You can research it. And since then it, you know, it motivated him to just try to make things perfect and to be in constant control of things. Trying to control the environment and field of Dreams, which is a movie that has, that deals with the concept of like unresolved issues with the father. And also as a sports movie is something that Ryan has mentioned multiple times in the context of, you know, he purchased part of a a football team. I'm saying football 'cause a marriage and Englishman, we would say soccer here, it wreck him and when they got promoted up into the league, he cried and compared it to, here you are, this is field of dream stuff. Ryan Reynolds compares his historic rec and promotion to Kevin Costner's iconic movie as actor gets teary-eyed with a huge win.


So this is not a joke, he, he has a thing about Field of Dreams. He also did another movie which was about a video game, which I kind of vaguely remember. Same exact thing. He spoke about how, what inspired that video game and that movie was Field of Dreams, which was that 1989 movie about unresolved father issues. So nothing in that skit was fake apart from the one thing I can't verify potentially is why he keeps insisting that he's on meth. But it sounds to me like he stumbled upon a conversation between Blake and Justin that made him uncomfortable. Okay, now jumping back into the timeline, okay, so now we know he's dropped this skit.


He's putting this in Deadpool, he's saying all the same stuff and it signals to me that something happened here between Blake and Justin and he started taking over the film. Now though, Blake Lively's on his side because she had an interview that reappeared on August 7th on Pardon? She had the interview that reappeared of her being mean to people in the past and the press is hating her. Essentially she's going through an authentic cancellation by fans, but she thinks her husband has convinced her and she agrees that Justin Baldon must be behind this. And this is where they start making some big mistakes. It is this next interview that strikes me as very odd. Okay, Blake Lively and the writer of the book, Colleen, I am blanking on her last name already. It's okay.


What's it? Hoover. I was gonna say Huntsman, it's Colleen Hoover. My producer says, appear together in an interview on August 7th and randomly have a discussion. And this is very important for what somebody else told me this, this is how we bring in Colleen Hoover that should have flagged Colleen Hoover as very odd unless she was a part of discussions to remove Justin Baldon from what he had rightfully purchased. Take a listen to Blake and Colleen on CNN Brazil Sequence. Colleen Hoover. What? Say you can have a what? A sequence. Like it starts with this. Oh, I mean if Colleen has her rights, I'll go anywhere.


I'll follow this woman anywhere. Y'all heard her. If Colleen has her rights, I will follow this woman anywhere. Okay, lemme tell you why. That makes no sense. Justin had purchased the rights to the movie and the sequel five years earlier, 2019. Bleak, lively knows that. Colleen knows that because she sold her rights. Okay, so why would she in August, right? When the book, when they just premiered the movie on August 6th, be making a joke about if Colleen has her rights, I'll follow her anywhere. That means there was a plan in action that was put in place in action to take the movie rights away from Justin Baldoni. And Colleen was wise to it in my view, by August.


Okay, before August or otherwise, she would've looked at her and been like, that's crazy. What do you mean I sold the rights? What do you mean that's weird, huh? Whatcha talking about I sold the rights Justin? What do you mean if I have my rights? Now, Colleen was the one that was sitting the circuit with Blake Lively for all these movie screeners. Justin was out in the cold Col col, he did them alone. And so it seems to me that what likely happened here, you've got Brandon who's participating in these skits. Brandon was the first one when Blake Lively filed her complaint, by the way, to post a whole thing on Instagram about believing her and read the complaint. They've all been turned against Justin Baldoni. And I'm guessing they use the little a-list magic to do that because at the end of the day, these people in Hollywood don't have souls, okay? They always wanna go up another peg.


So If you are a person and you just had your books brought and you're like, okay, Justin Morgan, nobody really knows him. Like he's like not that big, but suddenly you get in like Taylor Swift and her best friend, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, and now all of a sudden you've got Wolverine showing up to set, you're being swayed by the prospect of becoming an Alister. This is what I think Brendan Lenner is guilty of. I think he played a part in this and I am, I'm thinking he's so gross because by, by all accounts, Justin Baldon was unbelievably kind and great and gracious and he cast him in this role. But people get greedy. The pe, the Hollywood types, all they think of is, am I gonna become an Alister? I wanna be the next big star. I wanna be in the room and get invited to Blake Lively's and Ryan Reynolds and Taylor Swift's birthday parties.


And that's the sense that I get that they all started going okay. And on the back of this, I believe that Ryan is just wants to offer more money. And we know that this is the case. We know Ryan's waving around cash because in September of 2024, just the month after Ryan attempts to buy the entire franchise, Blake Lively's husband Ryan Reynolds willing to buy out Justin Bald from an ends with us. This comes after we hear Colleen like not, you're not really saying anything. So the plan was already hatched. We're taking this movie from Justin Bald and Justin is none the wiser. He has know this is going on. He has no idea if this is happening. He's just trying to get the film over the finish line. It is stunning to me that he's put in the basin with his family.


And like Brandon didn't go down to sit with him like there was not a good person that said, you know what, this is really wrong. He's been, he's, he's held this and the rights for five years and has like done everything to bring this movie to life and we're treating him like trash because a-listers wanna take it over because Ryan Reynolds is angry. And guess what? They turned him down. He didn't. They said you, you can't buy it. And so what happens then obviously is that we then fast forward to December 20th, 2024 and Blake Lively then drops her sexual harassment complaint. And I am telling you, here's where it gets super interesting so that you guys can pull this all together.


Somebody said to me, and this feels very true to me, they leaked to me that one of the ways, so if you're Ryan Reynolds and you're high, I'm not saying I'm meth, but you're just like high on your own supply and you try to buy it and you say no, there's no cost too high. I bet you bet you there's a cost too high buddy. You got a lawsuit of 400 million right now. I'm thinking there might have been a cost too high for this movie and you're about to pay it. Mr. Mr. Tough guy, Mr. Deadpool. And Justin says now and you're like, who is this guy I'm worth, I'm worth 200, $300 million. Who is this guy? I'll get rid of him one way or the other. Well, somebody told me that when Colleen told her book rights, there was a, and this makes sense, morality clause. Now if you're not aware of what a morality clause is, I've had them in my contracts.


It means essentially we're paying you enough money and you can have this, obviously it's a normal sale, but If you do something that harms the brand, we have a right to dismiss you. It doesn't matter If you bought it. Okay? So this could include like, you know, Candace Owens works for Prairie University and then Candace Owens, you know, gets arrested for doing cocaine at a gets filmed doing cocaine at a party, right? That would be very harmful to a conservative brand. If I'm caught doing drugs, CandaceOwens, shooting up meth, whatever it is, they can just drop you from a contract that's called a morality clause. Okay? And apparently this person says to me that Justin B's morality clause basically said that if there was any sort of sexual harassment, that would be one of the things that they could revoke the deal and take the sequel from him.


So what does that tell us? What does that mean? Assuming this is true? And it would be weird if it wasn't true that there wouldn't be a morality clause. Again, you don't wanna hand over your franchise to someone, have them do something ridiculous and then realize that you can't produce the sequel because this person has been canceled for something that was amoral. Like you have to have these clauses in place. What that should signal to all of us is that clearly, and I believe this is my belief, again, my opinion, that Ryan Reynolds began orchestrating immediately a plan to essentially stage what could be akin to a hostile takeover of the movie. And in order to complete this, when to come to complete a hostile takeover company, you have to have allies.


Okay? You have the people, other board members essentially, that are on your page. Well, he got Brad and Linner who I think has the thinnest skin ever. He grosses me out now like a bad man. I mean, just like not standing up for a guy that you know was a good guy. What's that? Skyler? Yeah. Oh my god, that's really funny. My producer just said, look at his hand. He is not even touching Blake in the photo because he knows, he's like, yeah, I don't wanna get taken down too. So you've got Brandon s Gunner who cares about nothing but his career, okay? And is willing to literally make fun of the man who brought this book to the screen so that he can appease a-listers. This is a coward. He is pathetic. You've got Colleen who potentially just got offered more money potentially if he said, I'm willing to pay no matter what to take this film.


And Justin said, no thank you. Well maybe Justin bought the rights for a million dollars. Well then he's saying I'll pay five to watch him suffer potentially. And Colleen's like, whoa, that would be a huge, it's a bit different. Yeah, I wrote this book, I sold the rights for I'm Gonna times five, my profits. She could have been purely motivated by profit to say, okay, let's go, let's play the game. Yeah, we have a sexual, let's go through it. I think the lawyers need to need to simultaneously ask for a preservation order for Colleen's messages as well. I do. I think there's something there because she was also one of the first ones to unfollow him. And that's like their mark. That's like the mark of the Ryan Reynolds like mass unfollows, like that's like the Taylor Swift thing they did to Joe, Joe Alwin, mass unfollows to show like, I'm with her.


Brandon, you're a coward. You're the worst in the entire story to me. Actually. You're like, now that I'm digging into this, like I actually, Brandon's gonna grosses me out. Like he's not a man's man. He's, and he's also not a woman's man because he's, he's actually defending a puny man, which is Ryan Reynolds. If my perspective is true, and I think it is looking up his timeline, a puny man who is insecure about his younger wife and is trying to alpha him by being like, I'm an Alister and I have more money than you. And he does. So Brandon was looking at a bigger payday potentially also motivated by money. He's like, I'll pay anything. There's no price too high that I will pay for this film. And he gets shut down. He's probably like, you know, what are you making on this film? Are you making 500 k? I'll pay you 4 million, 10 million for the next film.


I'm Ryan Renolds. I have 200 million, $300 million in the bank. So they're all now willing to turn in my view on Justin Baldoni who did nothing wrong. Hence the reason they're willing to put up every single text message onto a lawsuit. And all of a sudden Ryan wants this entire situation gag. They all plotted and Blake's involvement into this is, is stupid. First off is an incredibly jealous controlling husband. But secondly, because she really thought that her pair products didn't do good. 'cause Justin Baldoni, this is a real headline, 87% loss for Blake's hair products. She thinks it's Justin as indicated in her of Plains because of a coordinated smear campaign. This woman is so basic that she's upset that her hair products didn't do well.


And she's like, no, he's, he's absolutely a monster. Like we absolutely must blame Justin Baldoni for the fact 'cause there's just no way that people don't like my hair products. And that is I what I believe happened. And now they are in huge trouble. I am thrilled to watch this happen. I'm thrilled that they accidentally stepped on Steve Sorowitz billionaire guy who wants to give away a billion dollars for funs. I'm so glad it's him. I love this guy. I don't even know this guy. Okay. Like I said, they're, they're both so woke. It's crazy that I'm defending these two, but like I, I'm like a Steve Sorrow, which fan? I just love a guy who wants to give away a billion dollars and like that's like Alpha. Like I just picture like him alpha around on Deadpool, making fun of people. I'm so rich, I'm gonna buy them. There's no price too high.


And Sorowitz says, how about 400 mil? You got 400 mil. That's double your net worth homie. You got 400 mil. That's what I'm suing you for now. Love it. I love it. It's a gu it's a guilty pleasure when like the people who scream about social justice actually meet real justice. You know, like just like, oh hi. It's actually like real justice. And so that's the skinny I'm, I can't believe I'm still talking to you guys about this. This is crazy. I'm like deep, deep in the trenches of this and I will not be letting go of it again. We've got 77,000 people watching live right now that we're in here. We're here, we're going with Ryan. Ryan, you can't gag this. I'm sorry. Okay. There's no gag order we're putting in place. We are going with you to the courthouse. Do not drop this lawsuit. Okay, I I need to report on this.


This is, this is my lawsuit now. And by the way guys, just to be super clear, I have not spoken to any party involved in this lawsuit. Clearly I'm not friend to Justin Bald trans visibility Day bald seems like a very nice guy. I am not. We would probably have a nice conversation but we are not friends like you know, and I am not talking to sorrow wit, I am not talking to Blake Ryan nothing. People leaking stuff from sets and this and that, but I got no hoarseness race. I was than to see Hollywood brought to its knees. 'cause you shouldn't behave like this. And I don't like the way Ryan Reynolds is behaving. I can't wait to get to your guys questions.


First I'm gonna tell you, you're probably thinking cancer. Your skin looks amazing. That's what you're thinking right now, right? And I know If I dropped a skincare brand it could never go wrong. And if it did go wrong it would be Justin B's fault 'cause 'cause he orchestrated a smear campaign. I can do no wrong. Well lemme tell you guys about the pro skincare products. I use Nimi Skincare. There's no better time than now to refresh your routine, set new intentions and step into a healthier, more confident use. So If you're ready to invest in self-care that truly makes a difference, Nimi Skincare has something special to help you greet the year with glowing skin and renewed spirits. Right now If you use Code Candace 10 at checkout, you'll get 10% off your order. Whether you're treating yourself or helping someone else start the new year on the right foot, this is your chance to try Nimis luxurious skincare at great price. Nimi Skincare is more of a product, it's a brand that you can feel proud to support because every item is made here in the USA and that reflects the values, therefore of faith, family, and freedom. So if you're looking for skincare, that's extra gentle. Nimi also has a line of clean formulas that's free of fragrance and other potential irritants, which is a thoughtful choice for anyone seeking a gentler approach. So be sure to use Code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. It cannot fail. Or we blame Justin Baldoni. You go to Nimi Skincare dot com, that's NIMI skincare.com and you'll save 10% on your purchases. And if I check, and you did not do that after this show, I'm gonna file a lawsuit, a complaint against Justin Baldon in the state of California. So be sure to start 2025 with Nimi Skincare dot com.


All Right guys, I can't wait to see your comments. That was a long lot stuff that I had to say. I just, there's and there's more. I'm dropping all of this. I can't wait to see the chat. Like it was like if someone said Brett is back, I know Brett Cooper returns, we actually have her trailer. I'm gonna read some of your comments then we're gonna drop Brett Cooper's trailer. I loved it. It made me wanna cry from a girl. I don't know why it was. Happy tears, happy tears. I'm just so proud of her, you know, stepping out on her own and I know, I just know what she's feeling. 'cause you're just like, do the audience, the audience really love me. Is everything gonna be okay? Anyways, top comments here regarding first illegal immigration. Ben Coyne writes, Ireland has a huge illegal immigration problem. In 2023, Dublin had riots over a young girl being stabbed.


I remember this by an illegal, it woke I and a lot in Ireland up to just how bad the issue in our government is. Yeah, well people that want never-ending wars, by the way, this is also not left and right because the Republicans are now like warhawks and they want never-ending wars. And when you had never-ending wars, they had to dump everybody off in people's countries, right? So the people that pretend to be like outraged about illegal immigration and all about all of these migrants who simultaneously, you're like, yeah, bibe, just keep sending everybody everywhere after you bomb the places like Israel and Zelensky. They can miss me with the hypocrisy. I have no tolerance for it. You should both be against wars because we need to stop sending all of these people into random people's countries. I mean, the entire problem in the uk, I believe it can be con directly traced to the wars that are being fought in the Middle East.


What we did in Libya, don't even, I mean don't even, sorry Libya, Afghanistan. Like why are all these migrant in the uk? Well who are the people that are bombing these countries? Why are they not staying at their own places? What do you take out Gaddafi and then a bunch of Libyans suddenly wanna come into the UK and you go, well no. Well bombing Gaddafi was fine. Or like right now what's happening with the Palestinians? It's like, you gotta put two and two together. Low hash writes, consider this chat my intimacy coordination. Thank you so much for the tip. Low hash. Yes, thank you. I will be needing these. Joseph Segar writes, thank you for exposing them all. Christ is king. Yes, truth is king. Jesus is king. Amen. Belle Eve writes, this makes so much sense. So then why would ts with be so involved in directly supporting Ryan's controlling behavior over Blake?


I don't know. The Taylors Swift question is interesting. One, I mean, First and foremost, they are friends and I think your first instinct is to want to help your friend. And I, like I said, Blake is not a victim in this. She jumped on board with this like sa sexual harassment bit because she was mad about her hair products, but failing. I love that part. That's the best part. And she was like, no, they, he's like, yeah, baby Justin bald, don't do this to your hair's. Beautiful. Of course they, they would've bought this if it wasn't for this. And there was like no people really were angry at her for just being her. Justin Bald don't, didn't coordinate anything behind the scenes. And you know, Taylor Swift, this is her brand of feminism, you know, leaving Easter eggs, putting stuff in movies like Deadpool. Like you look at this now and you're like, well, I'm outraged by what wiring Reynolds did.


But this is the same thing Taylor Swift does in her music. Like the men don't, are not able to defend themselves. And you have like scores of 12-year-old girls who hate them forever and sing along to songs like dissing them. And we only hear one side. So this whole idea of like taking your art to vent your anger, your frustration or your hurt, it's pretty on brand I think. And so we'll see, we'll see what happens to Taylor Swift. I, she could have just been supporting her friend when she wasn't comfortable. But then she definitely got behind her when she was like, no. Like this is a, I still believe in my heart of hearts with absolutely no evidence that she was the one that helped them get that piece written. The unbelievably stupid piece that the New York Times decided to write, not realizing they were stepping on the toes of another billionaire.


That's gonna be an interesting, definitely going to settle case because they acted with true malice. And there's no question about that. It is just talk about a reckless disregard of the facts. Read through Justin Baldoni is 179 page lawsuit and you'll definitively see that. All right, who else do we have? Ms. Dana writes, Hollywood is so delusional, it's quite scary. And they wonder why they have any more influence on people because they are way off in la la land. So true flat, no mo Fiat no more. That said flat. No mo Candace, your research team is the best in the game. So many receipts. If you're complaining about Candace spending time in the story, remember all politics are downstream from culture. Oh yeah, you ain't gonna get me off of the story. I, like I said, like I just have sons and I, I have to see it through.


I always have to see it through when these things happen. I was the same way with the Amber Heard thing and I now need this to go to court and I, I, I need to testify for no reason. Like call me on the stand and I'm gonna be like, okay, here's what I know and I'm just a, an outside researcher. And by the way, we don't have a research team like this is, this is sadly how obsessed I've been with this case. Just been looking into it myself and rewatching clips and me and my producer Skylar. I was like, wait, pull up the Deadpool scene. And then I made the whole team this morning and in, in our living room we just sat down and I like said, let's watch the beginning of the end with us because I knew that Ryan Reynolds had rewritten that scene. I wasn't sure why he rewrote that scene. Maybe he felt they were given too much emotion.


I don't know. But I found that interesting that he rewrote that first scene. Shades of D Gray writes, if Hugh Jackman was leaving his wife, maybe Ryan thought maybe Blake will leave me too. Yeah, I think he just is tremendously insecure. Like that is without question. And it is true that Hugh Hackman also left his wife. I think her name's like Deborah Furnace. I don know they, these two also give me weird vibes, right? It's like weird vibes. I don't know. I don't like Ryan Reynolds. His forehead is just way too Botox. It makes me uncomfortable. And men that get Botox in their forehead should not be trusted. They shouldn't. I mean this is just one of these scientific facts of life. Men age very nicely and they look nice when they get older. So when there's a man who's trying to reverse that or stop that, I don't know.


It just sends a really bad signal. Abor writes, I think Selena Gomez and Bieber's relationship was a PR stunt to sell music. They have too many songs about each other and Selena's singing is subpar. Yeah, I would put it even more sub than Par, more sub than Subpar. I really don't like her voice, but I don't, I don't think it was a PR relationship. I think it was real. They were super cute for a while and then her fans just would not allow them to not be together. They were like, no, you will be married forever. And yeah, I think it was good for him to move on with Hailey Bieber. And it's good to see that she's moved on and that she's happy. Well, I know she's not happy 'cause she's crying on Instagram at the moment, but in general she's happy. Mexican flag, Mexican flag.


Ileana writes, I believe undocumented workers who have been here for 10 plus 15 plus years and have abided by the law and paid taxes shouldn't get deported, but rather be proposed an immigration reform. What do you think? I think we can get to that problem last. I do think we should start with just the millions that have come across the border. I mean you're ki, I don't know if you're talking about like daca, the kids that were in under daca, which I think Trump was open to in his first term. But let's start with the criminals, the millions that just came in pretending like this is just not your home. And by then we can have a discussion, open it up about whether or not you've been here for 15 years. But here's one rule, If you don't speak English after 15 years, you gotta go.


That's even more ridiculous. You can even learn nothing about this culture. I be like, you've been here for 15 years, you didn't even know. Learn how to say hello, get outta here. It's gonna be real bad when I'm president because I'm gonna be pregnant. Pregnant Candace presidency is gonna be ugly.


All Right guys, I wanna share this. Brett Cooper trailer. First wanna remind you about American Financing because I know the average person finds it difficult to pay expenses every single month. And in most cases there is nothing left over to cover any extras. Most Americans are not getting a big raise. Expenses are up and it's very hard to manage without using credit cards. If you are a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today. You can call my friends American Financing if you're carrying a credit card balance each month with a rate in the twenties or even thirties. American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make the next month's mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving every month. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Today, Friday's episode was about Brett Cooper, who has been under attack from the media. Makes me angry. Trying to smear a 23-year-old young woman as a antisemite is just so despicable. I just can't even understand it. Ring the mainstream media's neck. Do it to me. I wanna fight, I wanna, I wanna fist fight the mainstream media. Do not do it to the sweet, lovable, adorable. Brett Cooper, who is, has announced that she's coming back. She dropped an amazing trailer and I don't know, it just, I'm just so happy for her. And here is the trailer. It is going to be called B Brett, the Brett Cooper Show. And here she is.


After weeks of speculation, Brett Cooper has left. Well, it looks like the rumors were true. B Brett Cooper's departure has caused quite a stir. The internet is absolutely melting down. Brett Cooper did impact announce her exit. Brett Cooper announces she is leaving the Daily Wire. Brett Cooper is officially leaving the Daily Wire. Now she's walking away from Brett Cooper has left. She's gone though. Brett Cooper says, I'm outta here. Now. Brett Cooper has nearly 500,000 subscribers without a single video yet Jodi has a channel. There's now a half a million songs. If you look at her numbers, Brett Cooper is popping on. She has one of the fastest growing YouTube channels now. But what's the end all be all for Brett Cooper?


So big question on a lot of our minds is what is she going to do next? The world you desire can be won. It exists. It is real. It's possible it's yours.


But to win it requires your total dedication and a total break with the world of your past. Fight for the value of your person, fight for the virtue of your pride. Fight with the certainty and the absolute ratitude of knowing that yours is the morality of life. And that yours is the battle for any achievement, any value, any grandeur, any goodness, any joy that has ever existed on this earth. Are you ready? Brett am ready.


I'm now crying. You're crying. Just kidding. Selena Gomez is crying. I just texted her. I'm like, not Selena Gomez. I texted Brett and I was like, I'm premiering your trailer right now. I'm so excited for her. Anyways, you guys pivot over. You can watch that. And lastly, for our stand cups, if you're enjoying all this content, all of the research that I'm doing, the investment that I'm making, you can support this show by ordering. And everything is fake, is everything is fake and gay stand cup. Just go to Club Candace dot com and you can have this in purple. Everything is fake and gay because it is everything now. There's not even one thing that's real and straight. It's everything's fake and gay. You too. We had such a great episode today. I can't believe we're 77 minutes in. We had like 77,000 people watching live. I love you guys.


I love you. I love you back. You know me. I'll see you tomorrow.