
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


All right, you guys, today is sadly the last solo episode of the podcast, meaning this is the last show with just me hosting. Next week, I will have one more joint goodbye episode with Ian Carol. So definitely look out for that. What do I have for you guys today? There's so many things that we should be talking about in the world. First and foremost, Shannon Sharp is officially out at ESPN as we predicted yesterday would likely happen. So his earlier words to toward me are not in fact aging. Well, also jojo Siwa is apparently no longer a lesbian. So her earlier words toward me are not aging. Well definitely have some final updates for you guys and the Blake Lively lawsuits.


Subpoenas are in fact incoming plus some lawsuits. Changes are coming as well. And we should also talk about the war that is pending very briefly, Iran, that is something that you should know before I go on maternity to leave. But first, a fun challenge for you guys, okay? A multiple choice question If you will. Many will enter If you will win. Are you guys ready? Who said this quote? Let's talk about flower sprinkles because I think it speaks to the tiny moments of joy that are so effortless and just create a little bit of magic. End quote, flower sprinkles. Who said that? Was it a my toddler daughter this morning asking me to bake cupcakes?


Was it B Meghan Markle discussing baking? Was it C Lake Lively discussing baking, or was it d Katie Perry who was totally baked coming down from that Blue Origin High? The answer's going to surprise you. So Welcome back to Candace. I'm gonna have my producer drop that poll in right now on YouTube to see If you guys can guess it. A my toddler b Meghan Markle, C Blake Lively, or d ka Perry. Alright, Right guys.


Lot going on. You know, running late. You have no idea how much happens between when I wake up and the show, my PR agent is messaging me. There are so many people working on hit pieces on me at every hour of the day and it is strange. It just defies logic. What is there left to be said? What is there left to say about me? Guardian dropped theirs this morning. They're talking about the, the, the woman's sphere. Look at this me, Brett Cooper apparently colluding or did know take over the Woman's Sphere or something. It says the title of the articles now comes The Woman's Sphere. It's worse than the manosphere, the anti-feminist media telling women to be thin, fertile and Republican.


I know If that is how you guys would sum up my podcast, me yelling at you to be thin, fertile and Republican. I'd like to hear your thoughts on that. And then simultaneously, GQs working on a hit piece. Jared Holt. This, you know, one of these Israeli media assassin type people is working on a biographical hit piece. They hit us with like 15 questions this morning. They were so absurd. They were just so absurd. It's like, can we find any lie in her background? They're like, we noticed you said once that you dropped out of college because of student loans. We could find no evidence of this. But then later that you finished college, we could find no, it's like so dumb. Like who lies about stuff like this? I to lie to you guys. I, I'm just so not perfect that everything out there you can find.


They're like you said, you worked in private equity. We can't find the name of the firm you worked at for four years. Well look harder. I mean, it's just, it's just so overdone and I'm just glad that we're moving towards a place where we just don't care anymore with the media rights. And I actually kind of find them to be quite pleasant and funny these days, to be honest with you. So confession, confession for you all. I gotta tell you deep down, I wasn't so sure is what I would say back in 2000, 2015 to 16, was it when Hillary Clinton was running and everybody was like blaring out this message, the future is female. Remember this, the future is female, they said, and I just kind of quietly sat back and said, I'm, I don't know about that.


I, I have questions. I always have questions. I have so many questions. What does it mean? Where are we going? And now we are in the future and it is a lot of females and they are doing and saying a lot of female things. And So I just am wondering if other ladies are feeling so certain about this future that we are barreling toward that is female. Because there's a lot of things that we're saying maybe too much at this commenter yesterday on YouTube because I read your comments. I'm very engaged. I'm one of those people that actually runs my own social media accounts, which isn't like nobody does that. They never think I do. They think of somebody managing it. And I was reading your YouTube comments and I was convinced that this commenter was lying when she wrote this on YouTube.


This is, this is a comment remarkable wrote the last time Candace spoke about this Katy Perry mission. And she showed one of the articles written about it, I think before the trip took place and the women were going on about how they were bringing glam to space. We must be glam. Candace didn't read this part, but they, in the article it said that one of the women wanted to make sure that her hairstyle would survive no gravity. So she went to Dubai and went skydiving to test out her hair due and was happy to see that it would survive her little space trip. These people are ridiculous. Again, I just assumed this was just a random person trolling. And I just briefly checked and it turns out that that commenter was not lying at all.


The space Ladies, the Spice Ladies, space Ladies gave an interview to El Magazine and it is true. Alicia Bow and Amanda Neen, I don't know how to say her last name, I'm sorry, but they actually said this in an interview to El. They said, quote, the all female crew of the New Shepherd said they plan to be glamorous in space and not to be ashamed about it. They said quote, I think it's So important for people to see us like that. The dichotomy of engineers and scientists and then beauty and fashion because we contain multitudes. Women are multitudes. I'm going to be wearing lipstick. Beau said that she took the hairstyle, she plans to wear on the flight on a test run skydiving in Dubai saying quote, I also wanted to test out my hair and make sure that it was okay.


Space is going to finally be glam added. Katy Perry just, I don't know that just, I can't believe that was actually said in interview. And they're surprise that there has been so much backlash. I don't even know if that's what Hillary Clinton had in mind. I just know that there's a lot happening in female land. I woke up this morning and I had a text message from Brett Cooper. She randomly chose violence and decided to send me this wonderful excerpt, which was taken from Time magazine's 100 most influential people summits. 'cause they have that, I guess apparently they invite everybody who's so powerful and brave and fierce. And it took yet place yesterday in New York City. So this event, as you can imagine, is billed as all of the top bosses.


The lady bosses, the male bosses, the people that are the most futuristic females people ever. And so naturally, Meghan Markle was there and she was being interviewed by Jessica Sibley, who was the CEO of Time. I had a pretty important discussion, but I'm going to first see how you guys voted because it was indeed Meghan Markle. You guys got it right, 46%. The sprinkle lady, the CEOs, this is how they were speaking and they decided to have her on stage to speak about flower sprinkles. And it wasn't my daughter. And I'm, I don't know why it, it should have been my daughter, but it wasn't my daughter who said this.


Take a listen, Gimme some tips. What should I ask Megan? You don't need tips? Oh, you're doing great. I always need tips. And she said flower sprinkles. Oh my gosh. Talk about flower sprinkles. You would think If you, I'm what a, it's like a little fairy. If I could just be tossing them around all the time. The obsession that has come with flower sprinkles, I would not expect, expect, explain to this audience. Audience who might not have watched the show yet, yet about flower sprinkles. So I just, it sounds so all things to be talking about for time 100. Let's talk about flower sprinkles, but let's, because I think it speaks to the tiny moments of joy that are so effortless and just create a little bit of magic that we're all craving in our every day.


They're tiny little flour petals that are dried. I started putting them on salads. I started putting them on scrambled eggs. It didn't actually matter on a yogurt parfait. The level of charm that you find people have when they see these tiny little dried petals is something I can't fully wrap my head around. But I appreciate that there is a love for the detail and the small level of delight that can be added. So take flower sprinkles really as an analogy and think about what you could do in your everyday life that can just have a little splash of magic on unexpected moments. I genuinely am aspiring to be that rich in life.


There is nothing I hate about that. I love it. I love it so much. I wanna be that rich in life where like my day comes down to magic and flower sprinkles. 'cause it's like, it is kind of like the lifestyle of my toddler. My two year olds wear like nothing. Everything's free, everything's perfect, everything's amazing. And so you can just focus on rainbows and sprinkles and, and sprinkles and colors and say, I want, I want, I want. And that's wonderful. I love that. Anyways, we know also on that 100 time most influential list was Blake Lively. We discussed this a few days ago, and I have long made the argument that she should have been included. She's been incredibly influential this year. Definitely influential for my podcast. Many other people's podcasts. Not in the ways perhaps that she had imagined, but she, the sham lawsuit really was a piece of her finest work.


We obviously covered that extensively earlier this week. Essentially finding a way to get around due process in a very creative way by filing a fake lawsuit, giving it to a friend lawyer, having that friend lawyer demand text messages that you wouldn't have gotten otherwise. A judge would not have likely approved for Jennifer Abel's phone to have been stolen, but they were creative and stole an employee's phone. Well, I can tell you guys an update on that is this is now going to change the nature of a lot of these lawsuits because internet sleuths have unearthed that lawsuit. Like I said, I'm wondering if it's gonna rise to the level of criminality, but it's definitely going to transform the lawsuits against the New York Times and against Stephanie Jones.


And those filings are going to be imminent. So you can expect those tomorrow. And the subpoenas you've probably seen in the news that subpoenas are in fact going out to Hugh Jackman. Thank you. I did not say Hugh Huffman. I'm so proud of myself to Hugh Jackman and to Taylor Swift and I love it. I really do feel like 2025 has just been this game of karma and a lot of people are being exposed for who they actually are. People that were kind of put on a high pedestal. Taylor Swift's subpoena is supposed to be going out next week, so likely you won't hear about it until the week after that. But I, I am, I just think the public is going to be completely shattered.


Their image of Taylor Swift is going to be shattered once these tech messages become public. 'cause I have never bought via the good girl thing that she pitches. I've just heard way too many things about her in Hollywood. I've heard way too many things about her team. And the victimhood thing is something that she kind of got addicted to when she saw how much adoration she received after Kanye jumped on stage and took her trophy. And then people were kind of were like, oh my God, this poor victim. And she kind of got addicted to the victim narrative. That's what I'm told. It's gonna get very interesting. All right, wanted to also quickly in just another celebrity update land mention the fact that I've never really understood why so many celebrities hate me. I don't feel like I'm doing anything wrong. I I, I have had a long line of beef with a lot of celebrities who I'm generally rooting for.


I wanna be clear like it's just that I don't buy a lot of the Hollywood Act and I can see through them. And there's no greater example of that than the beef that transpired between me and Jojo Siwa back when I was working for the Daily Wire. Now I wanna say this, I lovingly started it by suggesting that Jojo Siwa was just a little bit lost. And I didn't believe that she was a lesbian. I said, I watched this little girl on dance moms, she was incredibly talented. I enjoyed watching her. She obviously had the it factor. People go to Hollywood and they lose a little bit of themselves. And it seemed to me that she was quite injured and latch lashing out. And So I guess, like I said, I lovingly started it by saying that, you know, I have this theory that this is why we need to bring back cigarettes.


When we were kids back in the eighties, I, I grew up in the nineties, but in the eighties a lot of people smoked cigarettes, right? And I think adolescents, as I have said many times, is a natural phase for children to go through. It's a natural phase to wanna be nothing like your parents and to experiment with doing bad things. Once upon a time people had cigarettes and they smoked cigarettes in high school. Now we have transformed into a world where people can like change their gen, experiment with their gender and you know, say that there are all these sorts of letters that they are, and I'm actually l be whatever it is. But typically it's just like I'm in an adolescent phase and I'm crying for attention. And I felt in my heart and in my soul that that was the situation with Jojo Siwa when she was like being a lesbian too hard.


Like she just, every time she spoke, it was about being a lesbian. It would be weird if every time I spoke I was just, I want you guys to know how straight I am. Like how heterosexual I am so heterosexual. I am just the most heterosexual person. You'd probably go, why do I feel like she's not heterosexual? That's how I felt about jojo Siwa. And she didn't like that. Here's a clip of what I said about jojo Siwa very quickly, and I'll show you how she responded. I don't believe Jojo was a lesbian, by the way. I wanna state that very clearly. I do believe that she's desperate for attention and she got on X and this is how she replied to me. And this episode, again, this was about I don't, April, 2023. So this was two years ago. She wrote, I haven't watched the video yet, but if it has anything to do with your caption, respectfully back the F off.


I said, is she lying about being a lesbian? Okay, cool. Well, we are one step closer to Jojo Siwa and admitting that I was right, because here, here's also a couple of her saying that she would never speak to me because of this infraction. Take a listen. I have people that I will not be having on jojo Z. Now, Candace Owens, I think it's pretty self-explanatory. Her and I do not fuck each other. Wasn't going after me. She was going after a whole community of people and that's not okay. All I did was say that I didn't believe that she was a lesbian. And it looks like I'm correct. Here's the headline in the Daily Mail. JoJo Siwa says she has realized she is not a lesbian. It's just fantastic. It just, it ages well. So my episodes, my does age well.


And the reason why this transpired, the backstory is now she's on Celebrity Big Brother, which is a show in the uk and apparently she's flirting with a guy now he's got a guy that she's flirting with, flirty friendship with some guy named Chris Hughes. So she has to redefine her sexuality and pretend that, well, I'm not a lesbian, I'm queer, which is all encompassing. I can be anything that I want at any time. And so that's what she's saying, take a listen. I've always told myself I'm a lesbian, but I think you think being here I've realized, oh no, I'm not lesbian, I'm queer you. Well, and I think that's really cool. You are, I'm switching letters, you're a queer All roads lead to Candace, jojo Siwa, all roads lead to Candace.


We'll sit down one day when you realize that you're, you know, you were just going through an adolescent phase anyways, I find that to be kind of annoying, right? And I think in general, when I think about why I cringe a little bit when people say the future is females, because I think as a woman we suffer a lot with analysis paralysis, right? We don't do well when there are too many options. Our brains kind of want all of them. That is kinda my show. I kind of just talk about everything, politics, pop culture, history, psychology. And everybody knows what happens when women go into Target and we swear we're getting just one thing and then we leave Target and we have like kayaks and canoes and we were just supposed to get soap. You know? So I'm not saying I don't want the future to be female, I'm just saying that we should think about the future maybe being something else.


And I'm gonna vote African. I'm feeling African. I want the future to be African. I would love, I would pay any sum of money to have the guy, the notorious man who sat down in 2012 in, in Uganda. Remember that Ugandan interview. If you have not seen that, this is the greatest interview that's ever happened from 2012 on a morning news show known as the Morning Breeze in Uganda, where he legitimately in Africa, because it's just different there. And they look at us and just think Americans have lost their minds. They just got too many options. They just, everyone's crazy. They can't so many options. They can't think straight.


They're buying kayaks at Target. We don't have so many options. And so we're thinking straighter and things make more sense. Anyways, this African broadcaster was interviewing a woman who identified as a lesbian, and it's still the greatest bit of TV that you'll ever watch in your life. Take a listen. We bring in the studio this morning, one of the gay rights activists. Mr. Should I call you Mr. Pepper? Julian on Zimmer, thank you for coming in. Thank you for having me. Good morning. Morning too. Why are you gay? Who says I'm gay? You are gay, you are a transgender. What, what, what shows that I'm gay. You are a transgender and you are gay rights activist and an outspoken lesbian.


Homosexual. How can I describe you? Sorry. It's just transgender, a lesbian. How could I describe you homosexual that I need? I, I I'm, I want the black Pope. This is what's gonna happen. It's gonna be, it's gonna be the African Inquisition and that guy is gonna go around houses and he's just gonna be just, why are you gay? You are gay sentencing, just like that Gender, A homosexual. How can I describe you? Okay, that's what I'm rooting for. I'm reading, I'm rooting for the African Inquisition and I would pay, when I say any sum of money to watch him interview Jo Jo Siwa and have her explain to him that she's now queer and not lesbian.


I mean, I would crawl over broken glass to make that happen. And that's all I'm gonna do in terms of updating you guys on what's going on in Celent Before we jump into a Shannon Sharp update.


Okay, gonna tell you guys about Pendulum Life. We all know modern life is disruptive to our body's natural state, but did you know the beneficial bacteria in your guts that you're born with becomes depleted over time due to things like diet, stress, travel, and antibiotics? Well, pendulum Akkermansia is a next generation probiotic that restores your gut's natural balance. It improves gut, digestive and metabolic health. It's a natural way to reduce cravings. Plus Akkermansia feeds off mucin whose levels may be increased by a meat rich diet. So If you have meat in your diet, this could enhance the benefits of Akkermansia. And the best part is there's no prescription needed. It's made in the USA and it's also HSA and FSA eligible. So take your health into your own hands and enjoy 20% off your first membership order at Pendulum Life dot com slash Candace. That's P-E-N-D-U-L-U-M life.com/ Candace.


Also on the topic of wellness, don't forget about the Wellness Company. I don't know if you've seen the latest fluoride headlines and the water supply. The future of oral care isn't fluoride, it's peptides. And the Wellness company just launched the first ever peptide paste that regenerates gum tissue, strengthens enamel, and naturally whitens your teeth. It's called smile, A Doctor Formulated Breakthrough that works with your body's natural repair process. This advanced formula blends targeted peptides with blue spirulina, aloe vera, and powerful remineralize to boost blood flow, stimulate collagen, help rebuild lost gum tissue, all while gently whitening without sensitivity, no fluoride, no peroxide, no artificial dyes, just real clean ingredients that fight, fight bad bacteria and support a healthier mouth from inside out. Great. Upgrade your oral health. You can experience the future of oral care with Smile and get 15% off, plus FREE Shipping If you head to twc.health/ Candace. And If you use Code Candace at checkout, you'll get 15% off plus FREE Shipping. So take action today for healthier tomorrow. That's TWC Health slash Candace with Promo code Candace.


All right, well that was fast is what I would say very, very fast. Mr. Shannon Sharp. He is officially out at espn. We said yesterday that this was likely to happen because with these sorts of contracts, you know, millions and millions of dollars, they can and usually do include a morality clause, which as I explained yesterday, just means just be a decent human being in your personal life too. And don't bring the company any embarrassment, meaning like, you know, don't be caught at a strip club smacking booty cheeks that are $25,000 per cheek. And he wasn't at a strip club, but he was, his text messages had been re revealed and it's quite embarrassing for ESPN.


So he used to be on first take and now they are putting that on ice. Now, tempting for me, obviously given the fact that despite me never meeting this man and having done absolutely nothing to this man, he truly had a moment of glee and happiness and encouraged people not to work with or speak to me when I got fired from Daily Wire last year. Literally, we are talking about almost exactly a year ago, which is insane. Just, just over a year ago, reminding you of what Shannon Sharp said as he was dancing on my grave, Candace has given y'all her butt to kiss for two decades. And the moment what they do when they can't fire me, they can't fire me the hell you say.


Now look at her. Mm, tempting that's how it started. I mean, Amani just cheersing like cheers to Candace being fired. She did nothing to us, did nothing to us at all. Never say anything about us. Yeah, that was how it started. This is how it's going. Here's the NBC headline. He is stepping down from ESPN in the wake of a sexual assault lawsuit. Now, I think First and foremost, this really is a lesson not to take any amount of pleasure and glee in the suffering of people, especially people who you don't know and have never wronged you. That's just a very strange thing to do. Like, I don't know why we would be celebrating people suffering. That's not something we clink glasses to. And like I said, it seems especially egregious when nothing, no one's done anything to you, but there is some accidental hilarity in this situation.


And I I, and by the way, I don't take any, like, I, I obviously have given you my opinion on this. I do not think that the rape element is true. I do think that he has been behaving sloppily. And so that has caught up with him. And I understand ESPN's decision here, but the accidental hilarity that happened in this situation is that how it's, it's the manner in which Shannon chose to make the announcement regarding CNN. So he took a screenshot of a text message, which clearly had to have been written by someone else, maybe his lawyer or his PR team. It wasn't written by him and then he shared it onto X. So people were laughing at him going, you're not supposed to share. You're supposed to make it sound like it actually was written by you. Here's what he wrote when he shared the news. He said, my statement is found here, and this is the truth.


The relationship in question was 100% consensual. At this juncture, I am electing to step aside temporarily for my ESPN duties. I will be devoting this time to my family and responding and dealing with these false and disruptive allegations set against me. I plan to return to ESPN at the start of the NFL preseason. I sincerely appreciate the overwhelming and ongoing support I have received from my family fans, friends and colleagues. Shannon Sharp. Okay, not the whole truth. You always have to kind of read in between the lines with these statements. PR people, lawyers are involved, are trying to kind of massage the situation and make it look the best that it can possibly look given the circumstances. Well, deadline, which tends to have a major in on sports related drama, is reporting that quote, whether or not sharp returns to first take in subsequent weeks is TBD.


But also whether or not he returns at all is TBD. And they instantly heard from an ESPN spokesperson who told den deadline this. They said quote, this is a serious situation and we agree with Shannon's decision to step away. So it appears the truth is that Shannon Sharp essentially quit before he was fired. He wanted to avoid people kind of laughing at him or saying he was fired and also kind of have a little more control over his own destiny. But this was likely they were gonna say to him, look, you've, it's been too much. You were caught in the act on Instagram by accident. Now we've got these messages. We don't know how much more she has. We kind of wanna save ourselves as, you know, the embarrassment of any more things that are happening.


And it's just, you don't want any employee that's doing that much and taking away from the company. So that makes sense to me. It makes total sense to me. Again, I don't wish him bad. I wish that, I hope that he finds happiness. I don't particularly take him to be a a, a happy or a well-rounded person. And I think his behavior illustrates that his behavior bo in privacy, but also in public, the way that he treats people on his podcast, you, you have to not be happy and whole to just enjoy and take joy in other people's suffering. So, you know, if you're a fan of Shannon Sharp, pray for Shannon Sharp, as easy as that. I do wanna also get to something very serious because we're not gonna have this podcast. And obviously the Zionists are just very happy for a few weeks to get a break here.


And it's because I have obviously very much exposed to you guys things that are very important. And I just think that people always think freedom is a guarantee and that it could never happen in America. We have no memory of slavery, we have no memory of us not having the ability to express ourselves. And these things can happen overnight. And then very quickly you can have all your freedoms taken away. And that's kind of, by the way of a lesson of nine 11, you don't even, you have no memory of freedom when it comes to the time of going to the airport and being able to just like walk through like you see these movies where people like getting off the plane and people are holding signs for them. That used to be America. We used to be more free. And then we got governed post nine 11.


And it's really important to recognize that we are kind of facing one of these crises again. It's why I've been really pressing my thumb on making people to understand, helping people understand that all of these rabid claims of antisemitism are trying to distract you from the fact that we are losing a lot of our freedoms to this unholy alliance that we have with Israel and our politicians being blackmailed and bought by them. And you know, so much evidence of that over the years, never getting the Epstein files, the JFK files. I mean it's, it's all a nonsense. And there have been journalists that have been been so brave on the left and the right in exposing this. And I don't think there's been anyone more brave than Glenn Greenwald. He is absolutely fantastic. If you're looking for something or someone to watch while I'm gone to know about what is happening in the world, Glenn Greenwald's system update is what I watch.


And what's funny is we're on opposite side of the political aisles and I just, he's honest and he tells people the truth and stands up to Israel. He really does. And I wanted to show you this because what is happening obviously is this war in Iran has been planned for a very long time. I was saying this years ago, If you look at my old content that Israel wants war with Iran, Phoebe Netanyahu wants Bibi, Netanyahu gets, And so right now they're playing this game of pretending once again that there's like weapons of mass destruction. It's literally Iraq 2.0 weapons of mass destruction. But in reality what what they want is a regime change and your children are going to have to fight these wars or suffer these consequences depending on how old they are.


This is a time where we get to revisit nine 11, right? What are their lessons learned that the neocons and the war state, they perpetually lied to us about everything to get us to comply with it and we should be resisting it. And I'm Glenn Greenwald just kind of breaks down what's actually happening behind the scenes where they don't really want peace. They're not really concerned about armament, they just want a regime change in Iran because what Israel wants, Israel gets, take a listen. One of the points Dan Caldwell made is that Trump absolutely is committed to the diplomatic resolution. He does not want to cast aside the possibility of a dip of diplomacy in pursuit of war.


Even though people like Tom Cotton and Lindsey Graham, all the usual suspects, Mike wallets Mark Rubio are encouraging that. He's saying, I think we can do a deal that will result in assurances that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon. And a lot of the hardest core neocons, the most fanatical Israel loyalists are going insane because the idea of stopping Iran's nuclear program is the pretext. What these people want is a change in the regime in Iran. They wanna go back to installing the Sha Iran's monarchy that they installed back in 1954.


And the Sha Iran's son thinks he's the legitimate ruler of Iran. They wanna put him back into office. Tom Caldwell, Dan Caldwell called him the ultimate fail son. You may remember the Iraq War, the exact same strategies. They had a bunch of like Iraqi exiles who had no connection to the Iraqi people had lived there for 40 years. People like Ed Sham Maldi Som Maldi who was going to float in and govern Iraq once they got rid of Saddam as a US puppet, a puppet of neocons, a puppet of Israel just like the SHA Iran was. That is still their plan. That is the real goal to scare Americans about Iran's nuclear program as a pretax for changing the regime of Iran.


Here's Mark Dubowitz from one of the most neo-conservative think tanks in Washington giving up the game because he's scared that Trump is gonna succeed in diplomacy. He says, quote, the Islamic Republic is weaker than ever hated by most Iranians, meaning we're gonna be welcome to his liberators. Same thing we heard in Iraq, hammered by the IDF and Mossad. It's Terror Army's air defenses, missile production capabilities are in ruins. Never a better time to dismantle its new program. And finish off the regime, will another POTUS blink? Meaning will Trump be too scared to send Americans to go die for a regime change war in Iran?


Notwithstanding the utter and complete and total failure of regime change wars in the Middle East over the last 25 years, at least failure from the American perspective, not necessarily from the Israeli one, No, it's been remarkably successful from the Israeli perspective, America becomes more dilapidated. We are essentially a slave colony to Israel. They've just been extending their territory, spending money because they're protected under apac and allowed to be able to do that, to influence the conversations and to smear anybody that is starting to realize that and waking up and asking meaningful questions about this strange relationship that we have where they're abusive to us. They openly mock us. They openly say that they use antisemitism as a weapon to control us.


They openly say that people who stand up to them are going to face consequences. I mean these are beeping net in Yahoo's own words that they will, they can control speech in America. And America is something that can be manipulated easy easily with money. And it's, you gotta wake up to this because I am telling you that freedom is precious and I am not liking what I'm seeing happening on college campuses. I've spoken out, I've used my platform as much as I can to illustrate how despicable it is and how honestly sadistic and psychopathic it is that we are being told that having any feeling about dead children and women who they're planning to build hotels on their bodies, us having any shred of moral decency and upset about that somehow makes us mons monstrous and antisemitic where Palestinians are Semitic.


And I just want you to always know as I state, If you think you are defending people that won't do those same things to you, like when you defend people that are capable of that level of insanity and manipulation and murder and distress, and then gaslighting for you going, oh my gosh, this is sad. Why are, why are 20,000 kids dead and you think that you're gonna be protected for defending them? You are out of your mind. That's like you being the lowest member of a gang and thinking that the people at the top won't kill you quickly. It's a nonsense. It's why I was never interested in being in a gang growing up. It's you're not protected when you're in a gang. Okay? And So I just wanna state that and tell you guys to look out for all of these stories because they are encroaching on free speech in America.


And that has been a joint effort from Republicans and Democrats. The Trump administration is cracking down on speech on college campuses. It has been hypocritical to what they have promised us in the past. And it is because of this relationship with so many neocons who have infiltrated the MAGA movement, which is why I have no use for Republican versus Democrat anymore. It's like you fight for freedom or you don't fight for freedom. So I'm e either your ally if you're fighting for freedom or you're foe. And I hope that I've encouraged you guys to pursue these conversations and to follow the people that are brave enough to have them. And I guess I would list Joe Rogan, Theo Vaughn, definitely Dave Smith who are speaking about the Israel conversation.


It's the most pertinent one I would say for us to have right now. So stay awake and do not support people that are telling you that this Iran war is necessary. Our lives will get worse. Bibi, Netanyahu and Israeli lives will get better and you, they will still call you anti-Semitic at the end of the day. All Right guys, wanna read some of your comments then? There were a couple that came in about Joe Jo, Joe Peterson. Jordan Peterson yesterday, plus we'll see what you guys are saying.


First I wanna tell you about Home Title Lock. If you are a homeowner, you need to listen to this because when is the last time you checked on your home title, that's the legal proof that you own your house. If you're like me, the answer is never. The problem is that in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target. Here's how it works. Criminals can just forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county and that's it. Your home title has been transferred out of your name and they can take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. You won't even know that it's happened until you get a collection or foreclosure notice. That's why you need to stop what you're doing and find out today. If you are already a victim of this, you can use Promo code Candace at Home Title Lock dot com slash Candace to make sure your title is still in your name. You'll also get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they will spend up to $1 million to fix it. So just head to Home Title Lock dot com slash Candace. Now use Promo code Candace, that's Home Title Lock dot com. Candace with Promo code Candace,


also Pure Talk because you should not be getting suckered anymore into that free phone scam by Big Wireless. Those deals always come with a lot of fine print like requiring you to sign up for four lines, activation fees plus more at the end of the day, usually pay for that free phone about three times over. Well, there is a better way. Pure Talk, which is my sponsor and my wireless company, has a much better offer. With a qualifying plan of just $35 a month, you can get the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. This one is virtually indestructible Gorilla Glass and it captures beautiful wide angle photos with next generation camera lenses. All you have to do is switch to Pure Talk for just $35 a month. You will get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with a mobile hotspot. All on America's most Dependable 5G network. So go to Pure Talk dot com slash Candace to make the switch. Again, that's Pure Talk dot com slash owens, I mean slash Owens to make to claim your free Samsung Gallery Galaxy. I think I said Candace first. It's Pure Talk dot com slash Owens to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with a qualifying plan when you switch to Pure Talk, which is wireless by Americans and for Americans.


Okay, comment yesterday, it was really, it was so funny to see kind of the mood shift. 'cause I said earlier I had done an episode on Jordan Peterson and people, I think also I Don Dunno, people just weren't ready to talk about his ex feeded, which has been weird for a long time. But yesterday there were so many comments that were really thoughtful and spoke about, I wanna say correctly said, that you don't throw out the baby with the bath, with the bath water H his original series they did on YouTube that transformed so many people's lives like those lectures when he was just a teacher sitting down speaking about various topics. Do not throw that baby out with a mouthful Bath water, the 12 Rules for Life book that changed so many people's lives. People should still buy that book, you know, and people obviously shouldn't feel any animosity towards him and should pray for him, but even though you recognize, I mean it's even greater, you know, you were able to change your life around and become somebody better.


Like I said, you don't wanna kick somebody with when they're down, you wanna call them out because they need to be called out and they have to own up to their crap and clean their own rum. But you, we obviously all want to root for Jordan Peterson to get better. This one user wrote, I feel like Jordan Peterson is an easy guy to psychoanalyze. He's deeply attached to his ego, his idea of himself as a highly intelligent, eloquent prophet who bridges the ivory tower intelligentsia and the common man. Everything he does is a performance to uphold that idea. He speaks, not because he believes what he's saying, but because he adores how he thinks he's being perceived. Even when he finished his tweet about the Lord's name in vain and wrote, truly no worse crime, he doesn't believe that.


Not for two seconds does he think that crime is particularly bad compared to rape or murder. He just adores his idea of himself as an intellectual who understands these things so deeply that he sees things that we can't. I love this comment and I wanna remove it actually from Jordan Peterson 'cause I think it speaks to how we all feel about the academic class in general. That they just perceive themselves. They do just like to hear themselves speak. And that was kind of why I said people are gravitating more towards the Theo Vaughns and the Joe Rogans because they almost enjoy not being relatable. Like there is this hierarchy of like when they experience all the same hardships that we experience, they're somehow better and there's like a deeper layer and that you guys just don't understand and can't see because you're not educated.


And I would say that the same about Sam Harris. He does that all the time. And even when they're proved, proven to be patently wrong and a variety of topics, they still have to uphold this idea of themself as above everybody else, right? So it's like they get into a car accident, you get into a car accident, well, well theirs was a different kind of car accident and you're just not, you don't understand the nature of why when they did it, it was totally different. It's like, dude, just be human. You know? Just be human. We are all so tired of it. So I'm so tired of hearing from the academia. I wish it would honestly just go away. Anyway, some more comments that we have today. Tracy writes, enjoy your maternity leave and a beautiful bundle that you are bringing into the world.


We'll be waiting for your return. I will be waiting as well guys. I am definitely going to miss you. This feels like my daily therapy. I get to speak to you about a variety of topics. Beth writes, speaking of so many questions, what are the lyrics in your promo? When will the Harvey series return approximate return date? I will have time to catch up on all of your episodes since I just found you in January. Ooh, I, I'll recommend some for you, A Michael Jackson episode. Definitely go and watch the NASA episode, join the book club because I'm gonna keep that up on Friday. We will have the next book club meeting, which is tomorrow. Tomorrow at 6:00 PM Eastern will be the next book club meeting. I do not know about the return date 'cause I don know when the baby's gonna come. And I hope that I have another really easy birth.


I've had three easy births so far, but you never know. So I can't give an approximate return date just yet. But I'll definitely be updating you guys kind of sporadically. Although I'll mostly be offline. The lyrics in my pro, in my are from Kanye's Stars song. I hope he is bright and brave and strong. That is what it is saying. And the Harvey series, we will likely be dropping an episode of me speaking to Harvey, so that should also be happening while I'm on maternity leave. It's looking like 90% yes to that. Brina writes, why does the interview with Meghan Markle and that clip remind me of the interviews by Caesar on the Hunger Games series?


Because it's, it's kind of just like, let them eat cake. May the odds be forever in our favor. I love it, I love it. I don't know, I, I love people who are just living that high, flying that high and just really enjoying sprinkles. It's why I just love hanging out with my daughter. You know, it's just everything is just so sparkly for her. I wanna keep her in a little sparkly shell. Cynthia person writes, Candace, please make a shirt and hat that says Crisis King and put your name on it. We have that on our website. It's Candace Owens dot com. You can buy Merch, you can buy Crisis King Merch. We sell that already. Brian writes, please interview Justin Bieber. Candace, I would love to make that happen and I will see if I can make that happen.


I think when he is ready to have that discussion, he has a lot of people who would like to sit down with him and he can definitely trust me to do a good job with that. Kay Conrad writes, I would love to know your thought process on how you chose Catholicism over orthodoxy in your studies. I know it's a personal journey and I want to respect that. I do have a lot of questions for you. Yeah. You know, the Catholics and the orthodoxy themselves, like brothers and sisters that had an unfortunate fight and I was drawn toward both of them for a lot of variety of reasons. Realizing that neither one of them were kind of updating themselves with the times. I found that when it came to defending the faith in general, they were just unmoved. You know, like they, they're the most staunch defenders of Christ as king.


They were when that whole debacle was happening a couple of years ago. But beyond just like over the years, they're just unmoved and you realize that they're tethered by truth, not by the times. To kind of get into that, like I said a couple episodes ago, I feel not equipped to have that discussion. Like I feel very vulnerable on a topic of religion because I'm just starting this process and there's so much to learn. I mean, this is the, the history of mankind that we're speaking about. And there are people like my husband who had that interest, just kind of came outta the womb and just had questions about God and grew up in a very faithful household and then decided to study theology at Oxford. And I just, he has so much on me in terms of just the time, the development and the thought process.


And that's why I kind of, he's obviously not just a leader of our home, but the spiritual leader of our home. And I, I'm still grappling with all of these questions and I still have questions about the Catholic faith that I work through with a priest and with him. And So I would just like to be more fully formed because when you already have a platform, very don't, there's no grace, you know, If you say something wrong, oh my gosh, she said something. It's not, it's not according to Catholic doctrine or something like that. I just don't wanna let people down and or she's totally wrong about what she said or what she learned about the Orthodox. I just don't wanna let anybody down and I wanna be ready for that conversation. So I know that God will put it in my heart when that time is right.


We have Misty, she writes, I wonder if the paparazzi were established in response to the morality clause. I seem to make the point that, and they seem to make that point in Hollywood, Babylon, I believe that's very interesting. That's very interesting. I think you're actually right about that. I do think that you know that the paparazzi are basically used, they can always create a scandal surrounding somebody. And we did also speak about how with Britney Spears, they had hired paparazzi and they had intentionally broken her car down. Essentially they can make anyone look crazy by using paparazzi and if they want to take over your business or they wanna get rid of you or you are about to come out and say something, they definitely use the press to control a lot of celebrities.


But we'll get more into that as we cover Hollywood Babylon. As I said, we have the book club tomorrow at 6:00 PM Eastern, so, and I will be maintaining the book club, by the way, this entire time that I'm on maternity leave, 'cause it's very easy. It's what I like to do on maternity leave read and I can always just put the baby on me. So you've not joined the book club. Please do. The books are super interesting that we are reading Hollywood Babylon just started. You still have time to get it tomorrow at 6:00 PM you can just have it overnighted and it's a very short book and beyond that we'll be reading the Assault on Truth. Don't worry for the, for you guys who can't find that book, we're actually getting a bunch shipped to us so that we can sell them right on the website direct to you and it will be a lot cheaper.


Anyways, I'm trying to, if there's anything else that, like I said, Ian will have one more episode next week And so you guys can, I'm trying to make that happen live so you guys can ask us questions and if there's anything else I can think of in summation before I get back from maternity leave, I will have it for you and me and Ian Carol sit down because he will be part-time taking over the show beginning in early May. So look forward to that. It's gonna be very sad. Guys. Don't cry for me Argentina. Actually the only sentence I know from that song. But I don't want you guys to cry. I'm not crying. You're crying. We're all crying. Anyways, you guys, we will see you on Monday.