
We try to bring you an interview, a discussion, something different. And you guys remember the N word girl? That's the moniker that everyone has given her because it's a white girl that dropped the N word. Can white girls do that these days? I don't know. You be the judge, but we are going to invite her in for a conversation. So to jog your memory, her name is not in fact N word girl. It's actually Lily Gaddis and she jumped on the internet cooking some chicken and she had a bit of a rant. Take a listen. I'm sick and tired of all girls getting blamed. Or like guys, certain guys thinking that all girls are gold diggers. I don't know if it's because you get your information from those street interviews in like Miami at 3:00 AM outside of a nightclub, you're getting the opinion of some dumb whores and immigrants fresh off the boat looking for a green card.


Yes, they are probably gold diggers, but that's the exception. I'm the rule. Everybody I know who's married right now. They're married to broke ass niggas and they don't care. We don't give a fuck about your money. I couldn't care less about your money. Okay, my type is broke mechanics and surfer hippie dudes who just wanna live in a shack and surf and have babies. All I ask of a man is that you're competent. You're, you're not a pussy. If somebody broke into our house at 3:00 AM you would know how to grab a gun and shoot a mother And shoot a mother don.


Don't know. I think that's actually very funny. The end there. What did you guys think? Do you agree with her? Is she totally out of line for dropping the N word? Is it totally fine that she said it because everyone says it these days in that context and I guess the biggest question is does she actually have a point? Are most women not like the women that we're seeing online? That's what we have coming up for you on Candace. All Right guys. So she definitively has a potty mouth. That's what I'm gonna term it. But she's also got some good points I think, and I'd like to hear more from her.


She just kind of became an internet sensation and now she's speaking a little bit about politics and I just genuinely wanted to know more about Lily Gaddis. She's 25 years old. Lily, welcome to the Candace Show. Thank you so much. I'm so happy to be here. So I was just asking you offline, but I guess my first question is, how has it been finding internet fame when your first video goes viral? What are you, what are you going through? Tell us. It's kind of strange, you know, you all hear about the same things that happen to people, the doc seeing the, the haters and all that, but you don't really understand it until it actually happens to you. So, I think it's definitely very interesting. I've gotten to where I kind of like muted out now So. it doesn't really bother me, but you know, it's a lot at first as anyone who's gone through this, as you would know, as anyone else's would know who's gone through this.


It's a, it's a lot, that's for sure. What has been the most difficult part of internet fame? I would say the conspiracies. And like when people get it so wrong and I'm sitting here listening and I'm like, no, it's so wrong. You don't even know what you're talking about. It's frustrating. It never goes, goes away. By the way, I, I read a conspiracy about myself. I've learned to enjoy them and appreciate them and I'll like send them around to my family. But I read a conspiracy theory the other day that my husband was Jewish and, and that was news to me. I was very excited. I said, oh this is great. Or I guess like, and then sometimes I'll respond to them and I'm, I'm like, can you just show me the website where you're getting this information from? Right, because I would, I would just love to read it. So I do wanna talk about your video because it did make a bit of a splash for First and foremost for two reasons, was because you said the N word.


I'm a person that actually believes, don't put it in the music if people can't say it. You obviously were not directing it at a black person. You were saying it in the context that everyone says it in their music. So I had no issues with it at all. But the more important part of your video was, I think the main point that you were delivering is that the internet is not real life. Like women are. Not all what you see on OnlyFans and what you see on your Instagram page. So I'd like to know what motivated the video? What made you suddenly jump up and do a what I'm gonna term a Candace or a Kanye rant and what were you, yeah, what was your mindset and and what did you want people to get from it? So I had been arguing with my brothers that whole, that whole day about this. 'cause they were like, no, girls are just like whatever.


'cause they listened to these interviews like everyone else, the street interviews that kind of, definitely they're digging from the bottom of the barrel. It's not like you're getting your best and your brightest. And they were up there barbecuing and whatever So, I was like, I went into the kitchen, I started, you know, marinating some chicken wings to put on the grill and I was like, I gotta make a video about this 'cause I'm still pissed. So made a video about it, got flamed for my cooking skills and yeah, and accidentally let a words about that. I You know people say in a general sense. But yeah, it turned into something it was not supposed to be, but yeah, it was basically just a backyard rant. Right. Inspired me, an angry argument with my brothers.


Well I would love to hear more about your family actually. 'cause I don't think many people do know. Where are you from? I, I think I read online I know If. It's true that you're also a mother. How many siblings do you have? Who actually is Lily Gaddis in her own words? I would say I'm just like a, just kind of a normal southern You know girl. Went to college like everybody else was raised. I went, I was homeschooled for part of my high school years and then I finished off at a private school, had a big family, four brothers. I had a lot of fun. I had horses and stuff. So definitely like a country girl to CA certain extent. I'm from North Carolina originally. We've moved around a whole lot though.


And then I've kind of like landed back here. Love the beach. So. I have to be, you know, near there. and I wanna raise my son like on the beach as well. and yeah, I have a, I have a 2-year-old as well. Oh, amazing. Okay, so you have a 2-year-old, you're a mom and I, guess that has to shape a lot of your opinions. I know it definitely changed me. It's, it's a seismic shift in your life when you become a parent. And one of the things that concerns me is sort of the presentation of women that we do see online. Right? How do you think that you are going to deal with that with your daughter? Well it's, it's just one of those things, you know, nobody's perfect, like bottom line and, and there's a lot of people who wanna set themselves up to be perfect. And then there's a lot of people that put their worst foot forward like I usually do.


'cause I, I feel like it's better to not put yourself on a pedestal so you can't get knocked down. But yeah, there's a lot of, like, again, online is not real life. We all know this, you know, they can, you can edit things to make things sound bad or good or whatever. So, I think, I think there's a lot of You know people are struggling in this country, just normal, everyday working. People are struggling and they're not the worst people. They're not the only fans, girls that's not all the girls in the world. There's a lot of, like, I have a bunch of friends who are just good girls who went through college. They tried to do the best they could, you know, they're trying to find good husbands and they're trying to raise kids. So my whole point was, you know, just give a little grace 'cause we're not all terrible.


It's not everything you see on these, you know, like I said, at 3:00 AM outside of a nightclub, you're not exactly getting the best in of the best. So yeah, there's, there's a lot of good people out there and I think they just, they're not out there putting themselves online so you don't know it. So it's, it's basically don't be black killed. It's not as bad as it actually is.


All right guys. Jumping in here to let you in on a little wireless hack that can cut your cell phone bill in half every single month. Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need unlimited data so that you can be overcharged. But here's the fact, most of you are buying way more data than you actually will ever need. Pure Talk, my cell phone company only charges you for the data that you actually want. Listen to this. For just $25 a month, you can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Do you know what you could do with five gigs of data A lot. You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream 1000 songs or you can watch 10 hours of Candace videos, stop over paying for wireless and get 5G coverage with Pure Talk. Go to Pure Talk dot com slash owens. Switching is very easy. There's no contract, no activation fee. You can even keep your phone and your phone number. Again, that's Pure Talk dot com slash owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month with Pure Talk.


That's a great yeah. Way of putting it. and I do think that inevitably what happens is you take the red pill and then you sort of take the black pill and then you kind of need to like come back to reality. And Right, even for me, when I was watching your video, I did have to check myself because it can, you can become sort of terminally online, right? And the conversations you're having, it's like, wait a second, I have two sisters. My sisters are married to totally regular people. I mean these girls that I'm seeing on OnlyFans, obviously this is not who the regular person is and I thought that was actually a really strong point that you delivered. Unfortunately, you're on the internet, there's going to be absolutely no grace afforded to you. They're going to tear apart every piece of of your life. I already see people saying she's a single mom. you know, what does she know about conservatism? So I wanted to give you a platform, First and foremost to talk about that in a way that you shouldn't feel attacked.


I think it's completely absurd, this idea that they want people held up on a pedestal and they wanna believe that their lives are perfect. Life is complicated. I have transformed so much, even from my positions being a conservative in the public sphere, the things that I have said have changed and people have a right to transform. So how, I guess, how did you become a single mom? Were you married in the past or are you married now? What is your circumstance? Right. Well it was just one of those things, you know, it was a, a bad relation gone or my un relationship gone awry. Unfortunately, we're not together. So, I am You know single. I was, I've never been married. But it's just one of those things, You know people make mistakes and you want, you start out in life like wanting to, I wanna wait till marriage and whatever and then life happens and it's just doesn't work out.


you know? But I, I think the, the like I don't appeal to people who really have their, all their stuff together. But I do appeal to Middle America who, you know, they aren't perfect. They have made mistakes and they're trying to do the best they can. 'cause bottom line I mean even as a Christian, it's like we're not perfect. We're never gonna be perfect. That's why God had to come down and dial the cross for us. You know, ultimately So I think I can work be as a good funnel for just your normal middle America to get into conservatism because I'm an easier person to relate with just because I'm not perfect. you know? and I have had stuff go wrong and I can even be a voice for women who, you know, they do get pregnant and don't choose abortion.


Like I have lots of people telling me, oh my gosh, just, just get an abortion. Don't tell anybody else You know and that's an easy way out. But I think, I think I'm, I'm happy that the way things have turned out the way they are, it's not perfect obviously. But I think I can appeal to a lot more people that way just 'cause You know it's, it's easy to relate to someone who hasn't had everything go light. So if I can help bring middle America to, to conservative America, I think that'll be, you know, doing something good for the country. Yeah. and I do think that there is that conflict. you know, you conservatives were, were pro-life, but I started my life pro-choice just to be clear. and I changed my mind later on and I knew girls that were getting abortions. And it's funny because then you see someone who gets a platform accidentally, like you quite accidentally got a platform, this obviously went viral and then they conservatives will instantly hold your feet to the fire and be like, this is not a conservative, she has a child out of wedlock.


And it's like, wait a second. But we also believe that you should choose life. And we know that life is not perfect and there is this pressure that they instantly want. You wanna believe that you can be become perfect overnight If, you have a platform and it's better to just be authentic about who you are and yeah. To give yourself the grace to transform over the years and I, I find that to be problematic. And I've tried to communicate that even to my own audiences because I try to explain to people I would love if, I'll give a perfect example. I think Ally Stuckey's like a perfect person, like her wife, she shows from like a two parent household. I listen to her podcast, she's got, she's talking about the Bible. She's married, she's got a husband that loves her. But the reality is I would've never become a conservative if the first person I listened to was Ally Stuckey. Right. And so I've tried to under like communicate to people as someone who comes from a broken family, my parents are divorce, that it's easier for men to listen to Andrew Tate right.


As a starting point because he's just gonna be more relatable. He's just gonna be more relatable and he might, he's obviously not talking about family and he is not talking about You know God and things like that. But he is talking about You know financial positions, whatever it is, you have to be able to, to think of it as almost a staircase, you know what I mean and I just am not sure that conservatives are understanding that. You definitely did though highlight that there is a NeoCon movement. That's what people are terming it. Yeah. And you had some choice words. Do you wanna speak about that? Because I think a lot of conservatives recognize that there is something that is in our movement that is operating as though it's conservative, but it actually isn't conservative at all.


Right? Right. Well that's the business side of it, you know, and the problem with fame and power and money and stuff is it does corrupt people. you know, lots of people come in here, well-intentioned or whatever, and then you get these offers, you get, you get in with a, a certain group of people and you, you wanna stay in their good graces. and that, that makes sense. Like we are herd animals, kind of, we do wanna have a team, you do wanna be in the good graces of that team. But again, that comes with the downside. If there's a lot of corruption, you know, and I see with a lot, like a lot of mainstream conservatives, usually if you're not very censored, that should set off some red flags. 'cause it's like why is that the case? You know And, and not to rag on any particular one. 'cause you, I I hate to punch, right?


You know 'cause we need more unity in the right wing, but at the same time you have to call out when you do see that something is wrong. Like, and people are not necessarily fighting for America, but it's more just like either a little Hollywood thing going on and it's for You know the money or the claim or if they're promoting some sort of messaging because they've been paid by some, you know, who knows a foreign entity or for whatever reason. But there's a just 'cause the normal people don't see that. and I didn't realize that that's how it was until I kind of got thrown into this world. I was like, wow, this is, there's a lot of like, you know, fake stuff going on. It's not what it seems like on the outside. And when you look in you're like, wow, there's, you know, we need genuine people, we need more independent people.


We need less clubs and groups. Oh, we need more independent people actually out there fighting for America. Because bottom line, we're the, the middle America's the one getting screwed over by all this. you know, lots of people are making lots of money but they're not really helping, you know, it's just good talking points and they're not really addressing the actual issues. Right. And they're also, I think they get to a point where they have made so much money that they just don't wanna threaten that security. Right? And so even if they see things that are happening that are wrong, they will allow it to happen and they'll sit by either idly or they're participating in it because there's an opportunity for them to make more money if if, if they get involved in that thing. And So I always encourage my audience, make sure you're constantly auditing. you know, even me, I'm like, you know, I've been around for eight years, I've, I've changed over those years.


I've become a mother. You make sure or does she still believe in the things that we believe? And we saw that this week, don don't know If, you had followed this, but Mikayla Peterson, who I actually had never followed Dr. Peterson's daughter, but she comes out with a very wild statement about we, we need censorship of the word filth. Now she has since slightly walked it back but still says that, well If, you say filth about an entire group of people. I I don't, and I still disagree with her, but that's a problem. And people were like, no, no, no, no, no, don't go after like the Peterson family 'cause they've contributed to such goodness. It's like that doesn't go away. Like I, I'm very happy that there was goodness contributed, but if now the talking point is gonna be that we need censorship because there's a topic that I feel sensitive about, we have to audit that because we need to be conservatives always.


Not just when our friends become leftists, we just stay quiet about it, you know? And I can understand that. 'cause I've even kind of experienced that a little bit myself. Just You know, you start to get like some people that are on your team and you're like, Ooh, this is kind of nice. I'm, I'm not alone or whatever. And then you kind of feel yourself being like, oh I can't really do I really wanna touch on that topic? 'cause that might piss them off. And then you gotta check yourself and be like, oh man, I'm falling into to that kind of rut. and yeah, I totally understand that. and that, like I said earlier, You know, well-intentioned people, they can start off great and then it ends up, you know, they fall into that rut and you have to call that out, right? And you can't be so worried about like trying to You know capitulate and please them and not piss anybody off that you don't speak the truth.


Because, you know, we're supposed to be the fire brands out here because middle America's sitting back hoping we're doing the fighting for them. But if there's no fighting going along, then it's, there's, we've already lost. Who are some of the voices that you trust in media? If there are any? By the way, I would say I, I don't really know. That's fine. That I actually trust. 'cause I don't know any people personally I know that I've, I've listened to like, I've listened to the Gavin McKinna show. I like him a lot. I like you obviously. And You know I respect people that I see can put aside the money and they can lose things and they can get fired and they don't care to lose that comfortable position because that's, to me, that's how I, I gauge if somebody's, you know, legit or not.


So yeah, it's very, very few people out there. But yeah, I have definitely met some that I feel like they've been consistent and even if they've changed a little bit, they don't care if they alienate people because they have their truth or whatever and they're gonna stick to that no matter what. Yeah. and I think that takes a lot of courage and it's one of the reasons why I love Tuck Carlson, you know, that he's just been like, oh, don't care goodbye. Like saying whatever I think and, you know, willing to have on Alex Jones and Andrew Tate because I think what a lot of times the media does is they create, create this club. And this goes back to what you were saying, that these are dweebs, like why are we listening to them? But they're basically like If, you wanna see that the table of dweebs then you can't talk to Andrew Tate, you know? Yeah. And it's like, wait a second. I would way rather speak to someone like Andrew Tap and talk to you like So I always have to remind myself of that actually.


Not really because it comes quite naturally to me. 'cause I'm just like, there is nothing about you that I like. I mean. I find you to be I mean. They, they tweet like weasels. you know what I mean? Yeah. I mean hurt my feelings and I'm just not into it at all. And So I did very much like your video when you were talking about that. Like why are we allowing these losers to dictate what we think and what we feel and what we say with their essential it's propaganda. I mean they just gang up and they're, they all text each other. I know this for a fact and they're in a group chat and they're like, let's go after this person and take this clip outta context and say she's supporting this. And in the past I think the American people followed that and I think now they're kind of going, wait a second, you're liars and worse than that you're losers.


I know I said it in a very like, crass way and, but there is a general point behind everything I said like that the loser thing that everybody was coming for me for the getting late in high school. And it's not, I'm not promoting sleeping around. Okay. But I will say it's a general principle that there are certain people that don't get what they see the top people getting. Hmm. And they do get a chip on their shoulder and that chip on their shoulder does carry into adulthood. Like you do see that, you know, that the way that you were raised or or whatever, how you were developed when you were younger, it does carry over into adult life. And you do notice patterns and you do start to see that. You're like, wow, the weird people in, in high school, this isn't to say that they were, you know, dumb, they're very usually very smart people.


And now they are the Bill Gates. Now they are those Zuckerbergs and they're the people telling us what to say and what to think. And that's a problem.


Are you overwhelmed with back taxes or struggling with unfiled returns with 20,000 new hires? The IRS has stepped up enforcement since the end of covid relief programs issuing millions of pay up notices in 2024. If you're worried about IRS collection tactics, there's no need to face them alone. Tax network USA can help you. Tax network USA is a nation's premier tax relief firm with a history of negotiating over $1 billion in tax relief for clients. They offer a range of services including penalty, forgiveness, hardship programs where you might not have to repay anything until your tax debt expires. And they even offer in compromised solutions for lump sum settlements. So whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, their team of experts is prepared to assist you. Even if you're behind on your taxes due to missing personal or business records tax network USA can guide you through the process of catching up. Listen, tax season is over and for the IRS that means that collection season has begun. So contact tax network USA for personalized support with your tax issues handling IRS matters without professional help is risky. Protect your financial security by seeking guidance from Tax Network USA, their experts. Provide strategic advice on reducing or eliminating your tax debt To schedule a complimentary consultation, call 1 8 2 4 5 6 or visit tusa.com/ Candace. Don't let the i's aggressive tactics control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA support and take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


I I a absolutely agree with you and I was just having this discussion offline because I, there are kind of competing ideas of what women should be doing and I was explaining to someone why I wanted to have you on the show because I actually always think about that when I'm meeting people. I, the first question I ask myself is, who were they in high school? Yeah. Because for some reason high school leaves an indelible mark on people and I find that the people who were complete losers in high school who find fame later on, they hold onto it in a way that's like, it means everything to them. Right? So they will do anything to be like allowed to be in the cool club. They will like say anything to be in the cool club and that's actually not good. Right? Right. 'cause it doesn't give you, you don't have real confidence. And, and then I'm not talking about people, like, I'm not talking about like smart kids.


I'm talking about people that just were severely bullied. I I I tend to see that in politics that then when they get a little bit of power they kind of go a little bit crazy, right? And they're constantly dictating to people what they should or should not be doing. And it's just unhelpful and I think going into any career or any, any space that you're going to be in, particularly the the public one where you're getting a lot of feedback. You have to have fundamental confidence in who you are. Right? Right, right. And not be able to be easily swayed because that's what it is. It's kind of like the recreation of high school where it's like, who's gonna be your clique? Just like you said If, you wanna sit over here, you wanna do this, this is what we need you to say. We need to say pedal this one line. And it's people that really have confidence that we'll stand up to it and say, no, actually I'm, I'm just not gonna do that.


Right. And that's why I think it's so important how like you raise your kids, you know, make sure put 'em in sports, you know, it does give them confidence, it gives 'em stamina. They work hard, you know, they're in with a higher, better group of people that You know they care about, they care about improving themselves. It's not about, oh poor pitiful me, You know it's 'cause that's where that victim culture has all come from. It's ki it does start when you're young, you know, and you learn and you're like, oh if I can, you know, complain to teacher or whatever, you know, I get some extra browning points. And so that's where the victim culture starts versus the people who, who didn't play the victim and they were like, if they lost a race it was on them because they didn't train or whatever. So yeah, I think, I think definitely if we can try to get this next generation raised right, you know, they're raised outside, they're not on the phones, they're not being indoctrinated as much and they are actually out doing competitive sports and, and just interacting with themselves in a good way and maybe being punished for being a crybaby like, like I was Right.


But that's a good thing. Yeah. It's not a one, you have four brothers so there's no question you, you were just being pummeled the whole time. I mean I mean and I think it does help to grow up with siblings. Yeah, exactly. It's, but it is good. This is why I believe you have to grow up with siblings because like I mean people are pointing us up on the internet. I'm like, me and my sister should just beat the crap out of each other all the time. Like, you know, so I'm just, I've got a bit of a thicker skin. I was constantly calling my sister names. I was telling her she was fat, she was worthless. I mean like the things that we say to each each other as siblings and me and my sisters are a year and a half apart. It it does it, it is character building. you know, you like surviving even amongst siblings, right? And then surviving in high school and deciding who you are, it helps. and I think part of it is that we do have this caddle culture in America.


Yeah. And when Caddle culture then becomes the media, it's a huge problem. Right? Well and unfortunately with situations like, like politics and there's so many positions that attract a certain type of people that wanna have that kind of power over defenses people, you see it with school teachers a lot of times. Yeah you have good school teachers but you have a lot of people that are attracted to those positions 'cause it's a kind of a power box, you know, I think. but they have a lot of power over kids that have to listen to 'em. Same with politics. So that's why I think we see so many of those kinds of people in those positions. Right? Absolutely. So, I have to ask Lily where to next? What are the offers you're getting? What's what's happening in your inbox? I know you're probably getting everything from people saying I want to marry you to people accusing you of being a part of some conspiracy.


that is the beauty of internet fame. So what is actually next for you? I'm not sure. Like right now I never this, like I said, this wasn't a planned thing. Like if it had been a planned thing, I would have like a goal. But right now I'm just kind of just doing the same thing I was. I'm still just putting out the videos and talking and if it re relate, if people relate to it, that's awesome. And if not, I'll try to find something else. But right now, you know, I'm just, just trying to figure out where do I go from here? Right. you know, I know. I think I'm gonna be doing a show with the, since not tv. So that's Gavin McKenna network. So that'll be fun. I think that's a great crowd of people. So that's something, you know, in the works. But yeah, we're just, we're just winging it at this point.


To be honest, Gavin was one of the first shows that I did. He's great. He he's such a kind person. Always has been one. Oh yeah, you'll have fun there. You should definitely also think about getting involved with some pro-life charities, you know, 'cause I, like I said, these are the stories people need to hear and yeah, it's something that we should be welcoming. And by the way, what is your, what is your normal job? What is your normal, so to speak, job? Right. Well I was a marketing position. I just like, I had just graduated college and I got the entry level like marketing position and then I lost it. So, Very nice. Right now. Yeah, right now I'm currently unemployed. Okay, well you know what, God's got a plan for you, so don't worry about it. you know when things happen. Sometimes when you get fired, it's okay. It's A good thing. Making me a good thing.


Lily, thank you so much for joining us and I hope that in the future I definitely wanna have you down. We're still figuring things out here at the studio, but it would be great to have just like a panel of women talking about women like female issues and yeah, different perspectives. 'cause I think people do need to hear more real world perspectives as you say, right? And not just believing that the internet is real life. So thank you so much for joining us. Thank you so much. I appreciate it All Right, guys, I hope you enjoyed that discussion. I hope it's provided more clarity as to who Lily Gaddis is so we can retire the moniker, the N word girl. That's all we have. Please, please head to Club Candace dot com, support us that way, or go to locals.com, become a onetime donor, a monthly donor. Keep the show and the conversation free and unrestricted.