
All Right guys. Happy Wednesday. I woke up with such a weird message from my PR guy, Mitchell. He said that Newsweek had reached out to him wanting to know if I had any comment regarding another post from Ms. Tina Knowles. Apparently Beyonce is a hive of fans, believes that I am being threatened by her and Solange, they think that Beyonce's sister's going to beat me up in an elevator. Is my life at risk? We're gonna talk about that. Plus congressional mayhem. Also in the news, the first ever trans congressman who has been now banned from going into female restrooms, that is now at work at least, and apparently this news that women are women and men are men, has sent shockwaves throughout the hill.


But first I am fired up today, truly fired up after I accidentally discovered that another feminist, no, not Taylor Swift or Blake Lively, but this time Anne Hathaway is slated to partake in what can only be described as industrial scale, bullying her target, Hannah Neman of Ballerina Farm. I don don't know why people just can't leave this woman alone and allow her to bake bread and love her family. So we're going to speak about the fact that there is a war, a war on stay-at-home moms. They really, really detest women that love their children. All that coming up on Candace.


Alright, so where should we begin? I guess we should begin with just the blanket statement that I hate modern feminism. If you're new here, I'm a very proud anti-feminist. I view it as really just a social cancer that metastasizes within unhappy women. They just become so angry And so bitter when they see women that don't live according to their mandates. And what are their mandates? Well, the feminist mandate today is that women should be just like men. We should want to be like men. We should fight our biology. Don't worry about having kids. We should climb the corporate ladder and exhaust ourselves doing everything or choose not to have children at all. I would say If you really had to put it into one sentence, modern feminine, modern feminist believe that we should normalize being abnormal, right?


Let's normalize being abnormal. That really is the clear mandate. So anyways, I have been finishing up going through edits on my book and was really wanting to include this chapter. I'm writing a book about modern feminism and how much I hate it. And I was wrapping it all up, recognizing that really this last election was sort of like, this is the test here. Like our modern feminist going to win because that was really the entire platform of Kamala Harris like vote for me because otherwise you won't be able to abort your children and she's a woman and therefore you should like her and support her. There was nothing else there, no substance, no intelligence. And if she had won it would have proved proven to be a major score, a major win for modern feminism or are traditional women gonna bite back?


And I think traditional women bit back. And So I was kind of unpacking that earlier in the year there was this huge scandal. So in case you're not from America, you probably still have heard of her. Her name is Hannah Neman. She now has more than 10 million followers on social media. The first time that we've seen a traditional woman achieve that sort of social status ever. And so right around about like 8 million followers earlier this year, suddenly the modern feminist, like people who sip their lattes and write articles about how deep they are because they've realized they don't have, they don't live differently and non-traditionally, people that don't work with their hands began paying attention to her and they needed to sort of problematize her existence.


Like you're not allowed to have anything if you're a traditional housewife, you're not allowed to have an icon. You're not allowed to celebrate anybody. We all have to be turning into kind of like unwomen, You know what I mean? We're not allowed to be women. We have to be the opposite of women and then we'll celebrate you. If you say you're a lesbian, you say you have no kids. If you say that you decided to take out your uterus and put it in a glass jar that you could never get pregnant, these are all things that they'll write an article about. You know, a whole page spread the cover of Vogue. Amazing, right? Amazing. She's agreed not to have any children. It's part of the reason by the way Taylor Swift is so loved is because she's really emblematic of this modern feminist movement, dating, weaving in and out of relationships, has not settled down and gotten married.


But sing songs really kind of mass scale bullies the men that she's dated who aren't able to speak up against her psychotic fandom that attacks all of them and views men as always the problem. All 34 of them. Like they're just like, there's no way Taylor has done anything wrong. She's perfect anytime her relationship doesn't work out, it's obviously gotta be on the guy. There's no pattern here. Look away. Anyway, So I was doing research trying to one, like I was just wondering what was the source of this? Like what was the ground zero of this sudden need to hate Hannah Neman. I mean literally her Instagram was just her baking bread. She's got eight kids, she's a Mormon. It's very clear she loves her family.


Every post she's making some soup, some some pumpkin soup. I mean you literally just look at it and you go, ah, that's just so nice. It's So idyllic, it's so wholesome. You know, we live in the generation where we gotta just see butts and boobs all the time. Every million subscribers and followers that Kim Kardashian gets, we just get like a full frontal nude and a thank you everything, soft core porn. So it was sort of nice to suddenly get a huge departure from this and get a woman that's just posting about her husband, who's a hog farmer and she's milking cows every morning and plus she's doing ballet moves. Hence the name Ballerina Farm. She received her degree from Julliard, the prestigious Julliard school in Manhattan and she was a ballet dancer and then her and her husband decided that they wanted to get into farming.


So she wears these like muddied boots and she does ballet moves in her kitchen, which is always kind of a mess, but like a perfect mess. Like really beautiful kind of a mess with kids all over the place. Baby on her hip. It's just nice to get a break from boobs and ass. Can I say that? It's just nice to get a break. I was like, this is so refreshing. I don't have to look at boobs. But of course, like I said, the modern feminist said this could not be okay. I was going, where did this start? And it starts with a young woman named Caroline Burke, who on TikTok just in 2023, the end of 2023 became obsessed with, and when I say obsessed, she published a 36 part series discussing trad wives, discussing Ballerina Farm and discussing the rise and everything that was wrong with trad culture.


So I'm gonna show you a clip of her kind of saying that her fame can only be attributed to the fact that women are losing their rights in America. Take a listen. Public service notification, everyone pause. I have been quoted in a lot of things in the last few weeks, which has been such a funny left turn in my life. But in one of the Substack articles that I was quoted on, what I read was that Ballerina Farm had 1 million followers in 2022 and has gained seven and a half million followers since then. Which means that when I said kind of offhandedly that I thought that this was connected to Roe v. Wade, I was actually completely correct. You cannot tell me that it is accidental that in the two years where we lost more reproductive rights than in decades previously, all of these trad wives have been gaining insane traction online.


Also, I'm sorry about the bedhead, I'm just really excited and I can't wait. Like does that not blow your mind? Whether you think that culture and media are the same thing, or culture drives media or media drives culture or media drives politics or politics drives media. You have to acknowledge that they're in this constant dance with one another. And we are watching these accounts gain millions of followers at a time when women don't have access to control over their own bodies. Why do we think we're following this woman who has happily chosen to procreate as much as humanly possible who has in her early thirties and has eight nine, I can't even keep track that many children already and has them happily and has the support to make it possible to make it look enjoyable.


I think it's because even the most progressive of us are so afraid of what's happening right now, that we are subconsciously desperate to see a sign that it's possible to live in this world and still find joy. Most of the women my age that I know are terrified of having children because they don't wanna deal with the immense financial burden. We are terrified to have miscarriages, we are terrified to have to pay for childcare. And we are also at a time period where statistically men are gonna start getting promoted over us at much higher pace than previously. It is not accidental that all of this is happening and that Ballerina Farm is gaining so many followers. When you ask me why do I care?


This is why, this is why I care, this is why it matters. It's all connected and it's all pointing towards some pretty clear signs that the women are not okay. I follow that logic guys. Does that make sense to you? It's like it's all coming together. So the only reason she has 10 million followers you guys is because Roe v Wade was reversed. And that doesn't mean that abortion rights went away. It means that they were never constitutional and it wasn't right for nine men to decide to try to pretend that it was constitutional, it got sent back down to the states. So there's not less abortions or less abortion availability, but parked that aside, 'cause we don't need to understand basic civics, let's just get into her mindset. What she's saying is that If you are watching this woman bake bread and you're enjoying this content, it's because deep down you s are worried and apprehensive about the future and you're so scared that you're thinking, am I gonna have to live like this?


So you're following her because it's really just a deep seated fear that you have that now you're going to have to enjoy. And like children and family, ah, modern feminism absolutely love that. And it gets even deeper. She gets really deep in this 36 part series. She even realizes that it's trad wives. Exactly like the fall of Rome. Take a listen. You're not gonna believe this. The ity is honestly mind blowing. I just found out that today is the 51st anniversary of Roe v. Wade and these are the messages that I'm getting today from fans of Ballerina Farm. I dare you to tell me that there's no connection between the rise of trad wives and the fall of Rome.


I accept the dare. There is no connection between the rise of trad wives and the fall of Rome. Like what are we even speaking about? But it's incredible because they're so complex and there's just nothing there. There's nothing there. The fall of Rome actually could be attributed to the exact opposite. When society moved away from tradition and everybody became gay, like I just don't know how you're able to connect Ballerina Farm to the fall of Rome, but who cares? Whatever. She's having a good time. And by the way, it's every piece of ballerina farm's life that really complicates things for her and that she's upset with. You can even see that she's a lot of snark speaking about women that are just Christians, women that turn to the Bible.


You know, she's realized that those women unfortunately just have never read books before. That's why they're so mind blown and that's why they like their bible so much. Take a listen. So there's this trend that I've been noticing online that I find kind of funny to watch and it's that a lot of women who like to dive into like the new age spirituality are becoming Jesus girlies, hashtag Jesus girlies. And they're talking about like the miracle of the Bible and how incredible it is and how overwhelmed they are. And the thing that I always think, and I'm genuinely not trying to insult anyone's religion here, the thing that I always think is like, I think that this is just your first time enjoying literature. I personally don't know a lot of deep biblical Christian people who are also intense readers.


And so sometimes when they talk about the Bible I'm like, yeah man, that's books like that's the joy of fiction. Like yeah, you experienced, you experienced transcendence. I did too when I read all fours by Miranda July. That's the beauty of literature. And like you might actually get that transcendent empathetic experience just by like reading works of fiction by people who aren't like you. And the best part is that fiction usually doesn't tell you that women have to be subservient and that you get to kill people who don't have the same beliefs as you anyways. If you're a Christian and you love the Bible, no shade to you. I was raised Catholic, I'm very familiar with the Bible. But I do just think that there are a lot of people who like are very unhappy and who pick up the Bible and like if they had picked up Steinbeck, they probably might have had a similar experience.


They were experiencing a connection with humanity through art. But instead of calling it art or calling it literature, they're calling it Jesus. And I guess it's just funny to me, Don't be insulted ladies and gentlemen. Honestly, the real issue is the reason why you like that bible so much is 'cause you just haven't made it through the Harry Potter series. You just haven't made it through fiction and experienced transcendence. Like when I got to really thinking about the complexities of Lord Vor I, these Bible girlies just don't realize it has so much more to offer. The one you can finally say her myoni Granger, and you pronounce it right, you experience this moment of transcendence.


And so I've recognized that the majority of you are just basically illiterate and that's why you like your Bible, I guess. So I just love that. I would love to get her in a room, by the way, like with my husband who has like a master's in theology from Oxford and just have her basically pitch to him that he's illiterate and that's why he loves his Bible so much. I really, really love this. I don't even hate this girl. I actually, I enjoy, I I am enjoying this content because it's like I, I know that she thinks what she's saying is so deep And so profound. By the way, I should mention here that I do consider myself to be an avid reader and I admittedly had never heard of that book. She mentioned all fours by Miranda July. And So I decided to look up the book and this is a description that's provided on Goodreads all fours is a 2024 novel by Miranda July.


The novel follows a 45-year-old perimenopausal woman who after having an extramarital affair during a road trip has a sexual awakening. Ah, gotta add that one to the list. I, I do want to transcend to think about an extra marital affairs and how they can really bring me to the next level of a sexual awakening. Anyway, so this young woman experience, I should add here, what can only be described as nirvana when the time said that incredibly invasive piece on Hannah Neman, right in Ballerina Farm. I'm not kidding when I say that she was happy about that piece. So I remember people were outraged because we all looked at it and said, why are you bullying Hannah Neman and ballerina?


What is, what has she ever done? And essentially this woman went to her house and of course she was unmarried and of course she had no children and she was looking for a way to make it seem as though, I know everything looks amazing on Instagram, but actually Hannah Neman is suffering. And as I said this, Caroline Burke really seemed to enjoy that. Here's what she had to say about that piece. I wanted to follow up on that topic because a few days ago a new profile of Ballerina Farm came out. It was written by the writer Megan Agnew, and it was for the times, and it really illustrated the point that I was trying to make six months ago. The point being that someone can be the face of a brand, they can represent it, but they're not necessarily working alone and they are not necessarily calling the shots on the working alone front.


This profile dispelled the idea that Ballerina Farm is some home run family operation. Guys are saying there's no, they don't have nannies, the writer or maintains, but they do have a weekly cleaner. They have a full-time homeschool teacher who watches the kids and teaches them a Mormon Christian curriculum and they have full-time farm employees, not to mention a creative director for their website. And then there's the question of who's calling the shots for this brand of Ballerina Farm. Not even gonna answer this question, I'm just going to read you a series of quotes from this article, which you should read in full. And then we'll have a better idea of who's calling the shots when it comes to building the Ballerina Farm brand and the ideals and lifestyles that they claim to promote. Quote number one, Daniel wanted to live in the great Western wilds.


So they did, he wanted to farm. So they do, he likes date nights once a week. So they go, they have a babysitter on those evenings. He didn't want nannies in the house, so there aren't any, Yeah. So essentially this woman, like I said, who was unmarried and had no kids, went to the house, saw a functional marriage, saw the two people that were finishing each other's sentences and made it seem like she was living the life of a handmaid tale, which led to Hannah Nema and Ball Ballerina Farm posting on the Ballerina Farm website that basically she felt com. She was just shocked by the piece. She was shocked the journalist would do this, would intentionally come here, plot against her and write terrible things about her husband who she loves very much and was not, I guess, familiar with modern feminism.


And what these people are a are really after, which is creating a bunch of women who are fundamentally unhappy because they're trying to be like men. And so she needed to pretend that this dynamic wasn't healthy. Anyways, here's where we get to the fun part. Okay? So despite celebrating this major win feminist, yay, we think that Hannah Neman is actually trapped like Rapunzel in a tower and being forced against her will to have children with someone she describes as a love of her life, despite the fact that they built a life that they both enjoy despite the fact that she grew up like this. Both of them were one of nine children. They're both Mormon, she grew up working. Hannah Neman does not come from money. Her parents owned a flower shop wherever she's from in Utah, they just owned a flower shop. And so she was used to having to work with her siblings, didn't get any special attention in any regard, and fell in love with ballet.


And her parents had to really put their heads together to figure out how they were going to be able to afford Julliard because that was out of their budget. They leave all of that off the table, right? They leave all that off the table that you know, this woman grew up in an environment where she's always, always known a big family. So it's natural to aspire to what you had. She knew the love of a big family, but they again wanted to make it seem like this aspiration is wrong and it's backwards. And this piece came out and people revolted against the piece rightfully because it was built bullying, but that wasn't enough. Okay? Caroline then began working on a novel, a work of fiction entitled Yesteryear Per Deadline. Here is what the book who which is being published.


Here's what it is about. It is about a woman named Natalie, a woman who lives a traditional lifestyle. Her charming farmhouse on a working ranch is rustic and artfully cluttered. Her husband, a handsome cowboy, her six children each more delightful than the last. So what if there are nannies and producers behind the scenes, her kitchen hiding industrial grade fridges and ovens, her husband, the Republican equivalent of a Kennedy, her oldest daughter beginning to ask questions about whether or not her mother is a trad wife. What Natalie's followers, all 8 million of them don't know is not going to hurt them. And the angry women, the privileged Ivy League coastal elite haters who call her an anti-feminist iconoclast, well, they're just jealous.


Natalie isn't simply living the good life, she's living the ideal of what life should be and just so happens to be building an empire from it. Then she wakes up in a life that isn't hers, dun, dun dun, her home, her husband, her children, they're all familiar, but something's off. Her kitchen is lit by a sputtering fire rather than electricity. Her children are dirty and disheveled. Her soft handed husband is suddenly a competent farmer. Her daughter informs her that the year is 1805, where just yesterday, Natalie was curating photos of homemade sourdough bread for her Instagram. She's now expected to haul firewood and hand wash clothes until her hands bleed.


That this is the novel and she publishing the novel. And of course, when Hollywood saw this and said, you're gonna publish a novel, a dystopian nightmare about Hannah Neiman's life, we love it. Sign us up, making fun of stay at home wives, problematizing people that dedicate their lives to their family, making tradition and natural biological proclivity seem like a nightmare. Sign us up. Amazon officially decided that they are going to turn yesteryear into a movie. They bid for it and they got it. And guess who has decided that they are going to produce it and Star as Hannah Neman, I mean Natalie.


Natalie, the Instagram sourdough baking mom, Ann Hathaway. Here's deadline article. Amazon wins the auction for hot book yesteryear. Anne Hathaway attached to Star and produce the adaptation of Caroline Burke's novel. It's a good time for me to remind you that Anne Hathaway is a self-proclaimed feminist and she wants you guys to know that that's a running theme. All the biggest bullies out there want you to know that they are feminists. It's just something that I've noticed in order to support other women, they have to attack women who don't want to live like they do. And you know, chase the dreams of men. You're either with them or you're against them and against Hannah Neman and her husband are very much against them.


And so they have now decided that this woman who has amassed way too much power for them living a traditional lifestyle, way too many people following her, living a traditional lifestyle, they have decided that we are going to bully her on an industrial scale. I mean, Anne Hathaway so much of a feminist by the way that she was appointed United Nations Goodwill ambassador to women because she's so concerned with women having rights like men. Here's my question, why does Hollywood hate tradition this much? It's just, it's just incredible to me to look at this. And by the way, there was this whole random scandal where everyone just started hating and Hathaway, but nobody really knew. Why do you remember this?


Like Ann Hathaway was like, I didn't do anything and everybody hates me. And now you've done something, now you've actually done something. And maybe what people were perceiving about you, Anne Hathaway, is that you're a fraud. You know, you, you say one thing and then you do the other. You're an actress, you're always acting. You're acting the part of a person who cares about women while you have decided to take part in mocking a woman who has done nothing to you. They, she's done. Hannah Norman doesn't nothing. She has not staked a political position. She's literally farming and raising her kids and they keep pretending like there is something complicated behind it. Well, did you guys know that she has farm hands? Hi, yes. Coastal elites. People can figure that out pretty quickly.


The people that actually farm know that not just two people are raising hogs and running an entire dairy farm. We actually automatically assume that there are farm hands. You're not breaking any news here by telling us that you fools, you're just making us aware of how out of touch you are that you think that that's breaking news. She has farm hands. Oh no, no way. I thought every day she was waking up and doing that all by herself, that she was running an entire dairy farm and the entire business all by herself. Oh, what? She has an assistant. Oh, what she is, she homeschools her kids a full-time person that homeschools. Oh, I guess that means that I'm supposed to hate her or something. And what drives me crazy is that this is the love is love crowd, by the way.


Love is love. Love is love. Everybody should love who they love unless they love somebody traditionally, unless it's a woman loving a man, right? Unless it's a Christian loving another Christian and committing themselves to the Lord and committing themselves to their family and feeling like they are blessed by the Lord, when they're able to do that and simultaneously create a business out of that, that's amazing. That is why people are turning and tuning into Ballerina Farm because what a wonderful thing to be able to do what you love with your family. What a goal, what an unbelievably aspirational goal. Not to get on a plane and play an actress for seven months or for an entire year playing somebody else.


You get to actually be yourself and figure out how to turn that into a business. Why does that drive them crazy? Because like I said, they're all hypocrites. Love is love. Love is love. If it's a man loving another man, if it's a feminist loving another feminist, love is love, we must it. Unless of course it's conservatives, unless of course it's people who have pretty simple goals. They just wanna love their family, they wanna keep their family safe and they wanna grow their own food and not eat toxins, then we must absolutely hate that in revolt. And I'm just so shocked, I'm just so shocked that in Hathaway would participate in this project and not think that we're gonna see right through this. So wanted you guys to be aware that Ballerina Farm is on the brink of being bullied by an A-list actress who will look you in the face and tell you how much she fights for the rights of women.


That's all I'm gonna say. Oh, actually, I do wanna also add this because in my book I was theorizing that at, at the core of the modern feminist movement are women that are just unhappy with the decisions of their life. And so it's like what made Caroline Burke become so obsessed with Hannah Neman in this way that she published a 36 part series trying to tear her apart and understand her. And I think she gave it away in an Instagram post. She published this when it was announced that her book was going to be turned into a movie on her own Instagram page. It's very telling. She writes the bottom there that she spent most of 2023 wondering if I had missed the moment with my own life. For a decade I had been trying to become a novelist, yet all I'd really succeeded in doing it seemed was to accumulate an impressive pile of false starts and missed opportunities.


I didn't know what to do, didn't know if I should keep writing, didn't know what my life would look like if I stopped. I didn't know if I wanted to be a mother, if I could stomach the mental precarity of starting a journey so fully defined by ego obliteration at the same exact time I was living through complete dissolution of the identity I'd imagined for myself. It felt, if I'm being honest, like some part of me was dying or maybe was already dead. So what she did in 2023 as she was going through this death and realizing that she spent so much time dedicated to her career was she then focused her sights on Hannah Neman, who chose the opposite thing, who chose to get married when she was really young and finishing her last year of school and decided to dedicate herself to her family. And she poured her creative pursuits into projecting onto Hannah Neman what she felt that she didn't accomplish in her own life, which was having children.


And what I wanna say is that maybe this Amazon thing becomes a success and maybe feminists love it and they give it an award, but it's nothing like hugging your own children at night. I really, really do believe that hating Hannah Neman is not going to make you happy at night.


Anyways, you guys wanna remind you about Hallow. With that said, and speaking about Christians and how much we are hated for absolutely no reason, the best way to keep you and God and to keep God pardon at the center of this season is by joining Hallows Advent Prayer 25 Challenge. Hallow is the number one Christian prayer and meditation app in the world offering thousands of guided prayers to help you get closer to God. Their prayer challenge is called For God so loved the world and it's going to help you experience the transformational power of God's love. In the Prayer challenge, survivalist Bear Grills and Jonathan Rumi from the Chosen guide you through the book, A Severe Mercy, which is about the remarkable story of a couple's encounter with God. You'll also hear from Pastor Francis Chan and Jeff Cavins as they take you through reflections on scripture and actor Kevin James will be a part of the challenge to discuss the spiritual classic divine intimacy. This season will be such a beautiful opportunity to be seriously transformed by God. So do not wait. You can get three months free right now when you sign up at Hallow dot com slash CANDACE. Spend time on the most important thing this Christmas, your relationship with God. That's Hallow dot com slash Candace and you will get three months free of Hallow.


Alright, let's get into this congressional story because I guess people are just so shocked, so shocked And so outraged. Men are men, women are women. What are we saying? Because we are barreling towards the future and in the future you can be whatever you want. All right, so let me tell you the story of a person named Timothy McBride. Timothy mc McBride was born in Wilmington, Delaware, home of the Bidens. Timothy's father was a lawyer and his mom was a guidance counselor. I cannot tell you how many times when you look into the story of transgendered people, there's a guidance counselor and a therapist in the background. Anyways, while a young adult man Timothy became very active in politics and simultaneously became very close with the Biden family, he was actually a staffer for Bo Biden in 2010.


That's Joe Biden's late son, who sadly passed away of cancer. And a year later Timothy transitioned and became Sarah McBride. Now we have Sarah McBride and Sarah carried on a relationship with the Biden family, most recently working in the White House Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs actively working on, yes, you guessed it, L-G-B-T-Q issues. Recently Sarah ran and successfully won a seat in the US House of Representatives, which made Sarah the first trans person on the hill. Obviously this caused a bit of a reaction, a reaction, namely because the females on the hill suddenly had to start thinking about this in a way they hadn't before, which is to say, wait a second, do I have to share public restroom space with Sarah because I'm not comfortable with that particularly Nancy Mace from South Carolina began kicking up a real fuss, insisting that Congress make a real effort to ensure that biological men would not be permitted into female restrooms.


And so she made good on her word. She put together a bill which would prohibit biological males from entering female bathrooms in the capital. Sarah McBride was not keen on this. This is what Sarah McBride tweeted about the effort Sarah tweeted. Every day Americans go to work with people who have life journeys different than their own and engage with them respectfully. I hope members of Congress can muster that same kindness, followed by this is a blatant attempt from far right wing extremists to distract from the fact that they have no real solutions to what Americans are facing. We should be focused on bringing down the cost of housing, healthcare and childcare, not manufacturing culture wars.


Delawarean sent me here to make the American dream more affordable and accessible and that's what I'm focused on. Now, to be clear, I feel like if that's what you were focused on bringing on the cost of living, maybe when you were working in Biden's White House, I don't know, I feel like that's what a lot of things got very expensive, but don't listen to me. It doesn't matter. Obviously the point here is clear Republicans are only caring about this bathroom stuff 'cause they're distracting from the fact that the economy which the Democrats have been in controlling for the last four years is an absolute disaster. And I can tell you that Nancy Mace did not take to that kindly, First and foremost being called an extremist. This is what Nancy Mace had to say to reporters about that.


So if that being a feminist makes me ex an extremist, I'm totally here for it. Is This effort in response to Congresswoman McBrides coming to Congress? Yes and absolutely. And then some. I'm not gonna stand for a man, you know, someone with a penis is in the women's locker room. That's not okay. And I'm a victim of abuse myself. I'm a rape survivor. I have PTSD from the abuse I've suffered at the hands of a man and I know how vulnerable women and girls are in private spaces. So I'm absolutely a hundred percent gonna stand in the way of any man who wants to be in a women's restroom in our locker rooms, in our changing rooms. I'll be there fighting you every step of the way.


Nancy Mace also doubled down in a tweet writing this, oh you thought threatening me would silence me. No, I just doubled down and filed a new bill to protect women and girls across the entire country on all federal property everywhere. So I initially, Nancy Mace was just offering a bill that would prevent men from entering female restrooms, biological men from entering female restrooms on the capitol. Now Nancy Mace is saying this should be everywhere on federal property anywhere throughout the United States. And that is exactly the bill that Nancy Mace put forth. And this is now being supported by the speaker Mike Johnson. Here is what he had to say regarding the topic.


I just wanna make a statement for all of you here and be very clear. I was asked a question this morning at the leadership Gaggle and I rejected the premise because the answer is, is so obvious for anybody who doesn't know my well-established record on on this issue, let me be unequivocally clear. A man is a man and a woman is a woman and a man cannot become a woman. That said, I also believe that's what scripture teaches what I just said. But I also believe that we treat everybody with dignity. And so we can do and believe all those things at the same time. And I wanted to make that clear for everybody 'cause there's lots of questions, but that's where I stand. I've stood there my whole life and those are facts.


It really is just astounding If you just pause and think about the fact that this is an issue in 2024 like that somebody actually has to come out, a leader in government and say, let me make this very clear. A man is a man, a woman is a woman. What has happened? It's just people I know a lot of people watching this show are, are not American all over the country. I mean all over the, all over the world. Watch this show. And I just imagine people in Africa especially are just going what You guys have? The guy who's like, why are you gay? You are gay. And we've got people that are like, well, let me explain to you something like we have to explain something so basic. That was just not an issue at all when I was growing up. It's just such a new issue.


And yet it's suddenly become a persistent issue. And that really tells you the power of culture when people just start pretending that they're outraged about something, that it makes entirely no sense. And then you eventually get politicians that begin taking this matter seriously. And there's no better group of people to look to when you speak about impacting culture in the wrong direction than the ladies on the view. Here is what they had to say about Republicans saying that men or men and women are women. Take a listen. The cruelty is the point. The cruelty is the point when it comes. That is the point to this and the scape country and and the Republican party, the Trump party is, is what it is now. Listen and it's despicable.


Be not afraid of your trans brothers and sisters. Don't be afraid just the way you want us to get to know you as a person. Take someone for who they are and find out who they are and find out If you like her. Don't decide because you look a certain way. I'm not gonna talk to you. Don't worry about drag queens, they're not worried about you. Okay? No. These are the things that we're not worried about here. Be not afraid. Be not afraid is what Whoopi Goldberg says. Well, that didn't age well because Nancy Mace began receiving death threats.


And I'm gonna show you a clip of one transgendered person that she should not be not afraid of, who is kind of threatening to kill her. Take a listen. This video goes out to Congresswoman Nancy Mace, Congresswoman Nancy Mace. I hope that one day I do find you in that woman's bathroom and I grab your ratty looking hair and drag your face down to the floor while I repeatedly bash it in. And so the blood's everywhere and you're dead. Thank you. I hope that Nancy Nace receives this message. Well kisses, Kisses.


Message received. I sure hope her bill gets passed after that. Man, you cannot make it up.


Anyways, you guys remind me very quickly. This episode is sponsored by Nimi Skincare, which is my favorite skincare brand out there. Nimi has come to be known as America Skincare Company because they formulate and manufacture all of their skincare products in the USA while supporting Pearl American causes and organizations. Nimi Skincare offers true luxury skincare at affordable prices since they deliver directly to your door and they are able to cut out the big box retailer middleman. Nimi has everything you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse bright and protect and help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason I love Nimi is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom. So If you sign up right now@nimiskincare.com for a subscription, you'll save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% If you use code Candace at checkout. Plus, you'll receive a free gift on every third order. So If you aren't sure where to start, take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin type. That's Nimi, NIMI skincare.com, promo code Candace today.


Okay, weird phone call I received this morning. I was telling you it was Newsweek. Newsweek contacted my PR person and wanted to know if I had a comment on Tina Knowles's post. And I was like, what are we even speaking about? So Tina Knowles posted this onto her Instagram page following our drama. And by our drama, I mean her singling me out for absolutely no reason for a large report, a global report that Beyonce accepted $10 million for her three minute speech in support of Kamala. I was not the first to report it. I was like the fourth day report on it. And for whatever reason she singled me out and I responded to her. But anyway, she posted a picture of her and Solange and the caption here on Instagram is a couple of weeks ago I had the pleasure of hanging out with baby Solange Solange at the Lac Mag gala.


We had a ball, my friend just sent me this photo both in Gucci and it's her and Solange wearing what appears to be Gucci. And I don't know, like, I don't know if this is like gang signs or something, but people in the comments for whatever reason, and Newsweek thought that this was a subliminal message to me of some sort. I'll show you some of the comments here. Is this a warning to Candace Owens's Airhead self writes, I am Cody Granny Tech says beautiful, enormous Owens. She jealous. And then Lindsay said, oh, she gonna slap Candace in the elevator too. Again, like I don't know if I'm just not reading in between the lines, 'cause when I saw it's just like, I think it's just a photo of her daughter.


It's a daughter of a photo of her and Solange and they're wearing Gucci at the lac male galley gala or whatever. So I don't know what subliminal message I missed. Maybe the beehive is getting text messages and they speak a different code. But I, I did, I didn't give them an answer news because I was just like, I don't know what we're even speaking about anymore. And in case you're wondering why people are saying that and you missed like the biggest kind of most, one of the more iconic things that ever happened in terms of Beyonce's public life, they're referencing the elevator attack in case you're forgot this. In 2014 at the Met Gala, the after party was hosted at the boom boom room atop of the standard hotel in New York City. And Solange, Beyonce's sister and Jay-Z and Beyonce and their security guard were exiting this after party and they got into the elevator and it's a very short ride, elevator ride from the top of the boom boom room, top of the center hotel to the bottom to greet the paparazzi.


And during this ride, Solange just starts beating a living hell outta Jay-Z I'm gonna show you here. Here she is. They stepped into the elevator and Solange just, just takes her purse and just starts beating Jay-Z hits him in the head one time, upside kicks, another kick, another thrust. The security guard is holding her back. I think she spit there and then he comes forward and then she kicks him, kicks him, he grabs her foot, he grabs her foot and she's really going forward here. It's like WWE smack down in the elevator. She did not realize and none of them realize, thinks she's spitting again. She spit a third time that there were cameras. Oh, oh, ouch. Yeah, no. And then she did it one more time before they got outta the elevator. Now I have been to the boom boom room. I told you I used to get down back in the day, my early twenties.


And it's like I said, it's like, you know, like a 15 foot walk a after you get in the elevator, before you have to greet the paparazzis that are waiting outside. They all pulled it together in front of the paparazzi like seconds later and pretended this attack didnt happen. Here they are just coming at the elevator after she beat the living crap outta Jay-Z. Look at Beyonce, she's got a nice smile. Just love this. Jay was good Jay And Beyonce just smiles. Paparazzi just keeps it classy like she did not interfere when her sister was beating him up.


Anyways, the point, the point of this is that that's the reference when they're saying that they think that that that she's gonna come get me, that she's gonna come beat me. And I just did not get that from that post. And I do wanna say this also, apparently the whole fight was about the fact that Jay-Z had cheated on Beyonce. There were rumors that he had cheated on her with Rachel Roy. Rachel Roy was at this met, met gala party. It was his whole big saga. And whatever Jay-Z did, clearly Solange didn't like it and the sister decided to beat him and and whatever. But the point being is I think that the beehive is reading into this. I think Tina Knowles was just putting a post up there. And personally I think me and Solange would get a would get along. You know a fisherman always sees another fisherman.


She knows like I, I mean I I I respect what she did there. If you cheated on your sister and then was flirting with the person that he allegedly cheated on her on, you gave him a little beat down in 30 seconds. I respect it. I feel like me and Solange would be friends, right? Because if I get hit in the elevator, I'm hitting back. I'm hitting back, okay, I'm not, I'm not made for this life. I'm not gonna just take it like, so me and Solange are cool, we're on the same team. It's gang gang, we're all good. There's no beef here. There's no beef here at all. Even if I missed some, some messaging in there. So the beehive, you guys calm down. Me and Solange are gang gang, alright. Right guys, I wanted to remind you about American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates. So you should call my friends in American Financing. Now is the perfect time for you to consolidate debt, reduce your monthly expenses.


A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards because of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, and even childcare. With credit card rates being so high, that debt can get expensive. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of over $800 a month. They're even closing someone as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing net slash Owens. Okay, Liam Payne, that was the one direction singer. He recently died. I wanted to do a little update on this story First and foremost because today is his funeral that's being held in Amersham England with his family.


And the One Direction band mates are going to be in attendance. The funeral is private, but there are a ton of fans that are gathering outside now reminding you, he was just 31 years O old and he died after he fell from a balcony at an Argentinian hotel. He was down there visiting or or going to go see another one of the former One Direction, his one from One Direction band mates perform after the autopsy was performed, we knew that this was going to be drug related. He had been in and out of rehab throughout his young life. And it turned out that yes, he was on cocaine, crack, ketamine, ecstasy, and a form of crystal meth. All of that was found in his system at the time of death. But I was really struck by learning that three people have now been charged in his death.


Okay? So you have one person named Brian Pez Pais, who was a former waiter at one of the hotel restaurants who has been identified by the Argentine authorities as a person somehow involved in the death. He claims that he met Liam Payne at the restaurant he was working at. They exchanged contact information. I'll remind you, this is like a poor waiter. He alleged that Payne was then dining with his girlfriend Kate Cassidy. She kind of left right before he died. And two other people she, he says that Payne took him to the hotel room, showed him some of the music he was about to release, they had some shots of whiskey and that Payne asked him for a drug dealer's contact.


And then he claimed that at that time Payne, who was using a fake Instagram account account, stayed in contact with him for several days via just Instagram messaging, agreeing to meet up a second time on October 13th, they spent the night, they did drugs, something intimate to happen and said that they were again doing cocaine, smoking weed, saying that Payne then asked to hang out with him for a third time and showed up at his home. But he rejected him because he had work. So basically the authorities arrested him. They also arrested another guy who is Payne's friend. Roger Nore accused that guy of abandoning him after failing to inform anyone of pain's, drug relapse.


And I just wanna say I don't agree with this, I just don't agree with this. I, the idea of suddenly witch hunting people that are involved in the circle or in the immediate orbit of someone after they have a drug related death to me seems remarkably unfair. And I think it removes responsibility from the individual who passed away. It is a tragic death. Obviously we are learning as more things come out, whether it's from his ex-fiance, that this was a very troubled person who struggled with drugs and to then say, okay, well your life is over. Your life ended. You made your decisions and now we're gonna ruin everybody's life. Who's in your orbit? Seems so unfair to me. And one of the things that always strikes me about once they start hunting for drug dealers and seeing who was around and what was your responsibility, you should have formed, informed us that he was having a relapse.


You left him alone, but is abandonment. The thing that I always realized and that that drives me insane, is that they will put a drug dealer in prison when somebody dies of a drug overdose. But they will never go after like big pharma in the same way. Like big pharma only has to pay fines when they get like all of America addicted to opioids or methamphetamine or cocaine by prescribing them drugs that are way too strong when they have like a toothache and then those people turn to the streets and and turn to turn to small time drug dealers. And but the, the big people that get people addicted are always ignored. And Liam Payne did not become addicted to drugs in Argentina. He had not become addicted to drugs when he met this waiter. And so now this waiter's going to be fighting for his life.


I'm not saying that he was responsible, but to be thinking that you're being charged in relation to this death when he jumped off a balcony just seems unfair. It's a tragic death. I'm sure this is a lot for his family to deal with. I'm sure it's a lot for the One direction bandmates to deal with. It certainly has been a lot for the fans of One Direction, people to deal with publicly. But we have to start holding people responsible, especially someone that's that age 31 years old for their own actions or their own inaction. So I just am, I am not fond of seeing everyone looking to problematize every person, but the person who was living the actual life they wanted to live. And I say this as someone who has had drugs in the family. If you don't have never had someone in your family that is drug addicted, it is, it is a demon that you cannot even explain.


When I say they should bring back that show A E'S addiction I think it was called or whatever it was, when they really show you they will go through intervention. Pardon? That they will sell their own children for a high. This is, this is a reality. When people are addicted to drugs, it is a demon. They're possessed by a demon and the lengths that they will go through for the next high is absolutely incredible. And some people lose their lives that way. But you don't then turn around and say, well it's everybody else's fault except for that person. That's my personal perspective. And I may be reading into that my own experiences of people that have been on drugs, but that, that's my belief anyway, you guys, let's get into some of your comments.


See what you guys are thinking about all of this. Ba what do you guys have for me today? Okay, comments. First person says, why did Beyonce not deny taking the 10 million herself? Why didn't Kamala's campaign not deny it when the rumor came out of Kamala's campaign? Again, we are not going to know more information is coming out. We now have recently learned via FEC filings that Al Sharpton certainly took money and he did a soft ball interview. So it just seems that a lot of people that were pushing Kamala Harris for perhaps getting paid, why hasn't Megan thee stallion spoke, spoken out? They said that she received $5 million. Well, if we can confirm that Megan thee stallion got paid 5 million, then it's gonna seem a little bit suspect.


If Beyonce still doesn't confirm or not confirm, and all we have is her mother going off on Instagram pretending that it's fake news 'cause it hasn't been confirmed yet. Sarah writes, Candace, haven't you realized the so-called beehive are paid bots? No, but I have recently realized that there are paid bots on Instagram. I didn't realize that could be a thing on Instagram, but until I got like a bot explosion regarding an entirely different topic, and then I realized that they were all connected because you get like 3000 comments in one minute and they're all kind of saying the exact same thing, slightly changed. I would be surprised to see if they were paid bots and if that's a part of the marketing machine for a lot of these celebrities. Miriam writes, Candace, you'd be a great sport reporter.


Me talking about the elevator fight. Yes, it was a sport. The elevator fight was definitely a sport. It was a very interesting time. It was kind of a masked down moment, but I think Solange walked away. She, I think people appreciated Solange in that moment. What would you do for your sister if her hus, if her husband cheated on her and then embarrassed her in front of someone that you allegedly had, that he allegedly had an affair with? M Gypsum writes as an ext transgender person, I pray that Sarah McBride repents and accepts Jesus Christ as his savior. And Lord soon, listen, there is so much going on in the world right now, and you truly do just have to pray for people and pray that they recognize that a lot of the things that they believe are natural and happening to them naturally are really being implied to them socially.


And I revert back to that clip, you may not have seen it of Bill Maher going through the map of transgenderism and saying how things don't make sense. Like why are there so many trans people in California but not in Tennessee? What does this imply? What does this imply about culture and the social impact that is being had in the classroom? Why are people so woke in Los Angeles and not so woke in other places, like in the very Republican, Oklahoma? So people don't realize that a lot of this is psychology. And what makes it even more frightening is that we're being banned from discussing it. We're just being banned from discussing. Like I can't say too much about that topic on YouTube because they have policies that that protect certain narratives.


This next person writes, let's put big pharma out of business. Christ is king. Listen, I really hope that we are going to see those sorts of changes with RFK Jr. Being appointed the HHS Secretary, I really, I'm, I think he truly means that he's dedicated his life to it and he's going to make a big difference and they're going to try to do everything to stop him from being confirmed for that very reason, because there's a lot of money involved. This next person writes, make Zelensky an actor. Again. Listen, I don't need, we didn't even speak about Zelensky, but always, yes, he still is an actor actually, If you think about it. He's just being completely controlled by the West. 1 2, 3 B writes. Well done, CANDACE. Nice show Vivo Cristo Ray and Abe Maria.


And just reminding you guys, before we sign off here, that we still have our Black Friday bundle deals available. If you go to Club Candace dot com, you can get some great deals. We have four different bundles. The Stand Us Gonna Helmet bundle, the Stand, us for God, and Country Bundle. The Stand, Christ is King bundle. And lastly, the Stanis Blackout bundle, where you can get an autographed signed copy of my book. And I actually do autograph them. I do not stamp them. They are not electronic or digital. It is just me signing every copy. So no two copies are the same. And of course, If you guys wanna support our show and support our independence, you can head to locals.com. It keeps us independent. Thank you guys so much.


We will see you tomorrow.