
All Right, guys. Happy Tuesday. Well, at least I'm happy. People on the internet are not happy. They never seem to be happy. Right now we have Two great internet debates that are waging. First and foremost. I'm sure you have seen this, but was the Trump administration correct in deporting a student Palestinian activist from Columbia University? Do you agree with that? Have, are you following the story? I'm very interested to hear your guys' perspectives. Also, should we now begin feeling bad for Blake Lively because she appear at her simple favor to Premier and people are noting that she seems increasingly uncomfortable and anxious and maybe it really is just a lot for her to deal with. So we should discuss that. Should we be more compassionate toward Blake Lively?


Let's jump right into this. Welcome back to Candace. I already know that I'm gonna upset a lot of people in this podcast. It's this thing that I do. I, I just try to be ideologically consistent. And sometimes that means that you're defending people on the left. Sometimes it means you're defending people on the right, and the people in the middle are always like, well, why don't we just defend ideas? Before we get into the meats and potatoes of today, which is the pro-Palestinian student protestor that is being deported by Trump's DOJI very quickly want to at first give you my opinion on Blake Lively's appearance at The Simple Favor, two Premier South by Southwest Premier.


There she is alongside Anna Kendrick. And I should say First and foremost regarding Anna Kendrick. We already knew that she was somewhat upset leading up to this premier, for obvious reasons. I mean, you imagine you work your butt off. You're in this movie you're fighting with Blake Lively about who should be more prominently featured on all of the materials and the advertisements, because I guess that's a thing like where you're featured on the movie poster and Blake Lively wants to be prominently featured, and then she gets herself into this huge situation worldwide. She is sort of despised alongside her husband, and now you've got recognize that this movie's probably not gonna do so well because people are just not going to watch a movie with Blake Lively in it.


And the rumors were that she felt that Blake Lively didn't do anything to dispel that. She didn't come out and make a statement. She didn't come out, you know, with her heart in her hand or say anything. She just kind of allowed this movie to get be like an innocent bystander to everything that went on with it Ends with us. With it ends, it ends with us. Pardon? So leading up to this red carpet, all eyes were kind of on Blake. People were wondering if she was gonna bring Ryan. I said, definitely not. That's not gonna happen. Obviously she's adjusting and she's realizing what a bad decision SNL was. People don't like Ryan Reynolds especially. So she did show up alone. And when Anna Kendrick was asked on about Blake Lively on the red carpet, she was a bit pithy.


And I would say maybe trying to be funny, but definitely made a statement when she was asked about working with Blake. Take a listen, Anna, what does it Mean to be working with Blake again? Just, oh, you know, sort of a thing. And there were tons of rumors that, by the way, on the first movie, they didn't get along fantastically obviously, they got along enough for them to do the second movie, but you, you can sense that she's a little bit annoyed and she knows that a lot of questions are going to be coming her way about Blake Lively. And specifically when she was asked directly by a reporter about everything that was going on, she definitely gave a very cutthroat answer. Here's what she had to say.


Yeah, like, so now the other thing I wanna ask you, how do you feel like the every, how does it feel like the movie's being impacted kind of by everything happening around going on in the world, why? What happened? I did Ayahuasca and the last year of my life is just gone, but I've heard the movie's. Amazing. Wait, thank you. So I thought it was really interesting, and I'm not sure if anybody has pointed this out yet, that she chose to say ayahuasca and that she couldn't remember anything as her reason as to why she can't respond to this. And I was wondering whether or not that was potentially a nod to the now infamous skit where Ryan Reynolds directed the promo of it, ends with us, brought his mother and had Brendan Lennar there.


And Brandon Lennar, I guess was supposed to be the Justin Baldon and said that he had taken a lot of ayahuasca but just kept happening throughout the skit. And we weren't sure why they were focusing on ayahuasca. It was quite strange. Take a listen, just jogging your memory here. My heart is beating like crazy right now. It reminds me of when I went on that meth journey confront my inner child and I just, and it wasn't on a meth journey. I think you mean like ayahuasca, like you, south American plant known for its medicinal benefits. Definitely not meth. You should not be doing a meth journey. They're On a meth journey for about six months now. I mean, I'm not a doctor, but you're probably gonna die. I don't feel well, You don't look Well, I was expecting not to like you. No. Yeah. Mm. But he is so nice, The nicest guy.


Nice, charming. He's a wonderful guy. What is Ayahuasca? So I was wondering if she said that on purpose, we'll, obviously never know the answer to that, but what we do know is that there has definitively been a noticeable transition in Blake Lively's public demeanor, right? We're kind of used to seeing, and part of my language here, but we're very used to seeing like a bitchy Blake, right? She's very unkind to reporters and genuinely, I think that there, there's just a lack of a better word there. She seems to hate the press junkets over the years. She barely seems to enjoy her fans. She kind of thinks that she's above her fans, thinks she's above the press, and is just always rude, right? But throughout these last two public appearances, since everything has kind of been falling apart for her and Ryan, she does seem, and I will agree, admittedly very uncomfortable, and I said that immediately when she was on the red carpet with Ryan, he didn't, obviously, because he is, I think just a narcissist to his core.


But you know, they chose to walk the red carpet and he was kind of pointing at her and wanting the cameras to capture him and her. And then he notoriously now we know, wrote another line into that script to sort of mock the circumstances of everything that was going on. But when you, when you zoomed in on her face in that moment, and you saw Kevin Costner kind of looking down in that SNL moment, she doesn't look comfortable. She doesn't, she looks anxious. She looks like she doesn't really want to be out in public when she knows that the public does not like her. And we saw this similarly at the event for so by Southwest, some people are noticing that she's be, she's rambling when she's speaking on stage to the point of almost incoherency rambling to deal with her angst.


Right? And I'll just give you a sample of that. Take a listen What happens in the third one? I'm joking. Katrina and Rome, honestly. So Paul, we really wanted to make this the second movie. And I was like, Paul, it was, he wanted to shoot in Capri. And I was like, that sounds amazing, but it's very expensive and let's just, you know, shoot in Connecticut, that's where the first one took place. I didn't understand why it needed to be Capri and now I wanna live there. I love it so much. These you ice cream and lemons and like, it's just magical. And they sell hats. That crazy beautiful hat was just a hat in a store. Humans buy that. And I'll also add to that, she's definitely rambling and you can sense she's uncomfortable and a lot of hand movements, but I'll also add that even when you see her walking the red carpet, she's suddenly very nice to fans.


It's a totally different, Blake Lively and she just seems so grateful for every fan that's coming up to her and asking for a picture and like a hug. We even saw that on the, the red carpet with SNLI think it was, I can't think of the woman's last name, Amy, one of my producers will say it in my ear. But when they were speaking and they were hugging and they just sort of looked at each other and she just seems so much more compassionate now, right? Where you can see that she's had some sort of a, an internal breakdown. And I noticed that following that ramble session, which was posted on Instagram over and over again, some of the comments in response to it were quite sympathetic to Brett, to Blake, right? They, they said that you can really feel her anxiety through the screen.


One Instagram user was actually even empathetic to the matter and saying that they similarly ramble when they are on their anxiety meds. And I would not be shocked at all, by the way, if Blake, during this moment was taking anxiety meds. I, I believe truly it is not an act to suggest that Blake Lively is anxious at this moment in time with so much on the line and everything that she feels that she's worked for essentially being wiped out with one case. So the question that people are asking is, should we be the better person? Should we take the Justin Baldoni approach? Should we take a look at this situation, assess the monster that lived inside of her and show her some compassion? Especially because many of us agree that Ryan Reynolds was the leader in this.


I believe that, I believe Ryan Reynolds was the leader and is the leader in everything that she does. So should we be compassionate? And the answer is no. My friends, we obviously should not be compassionate. You know, we, that's not how this works. Okay? When you get caught doing something that is purely evil, the task is not on the people who caught you doing that thing to extend forgiveness to you when you have not asked for forgiveness. That is the important part here. Okay? Something that I actually learned from my father-in-law, something my husband always says when people say, do you forgive that person? The, the question is, have they asked for forgiveness?


And Blake Lively has not. She has not said sorry. She has not even said sorry to the court. She has not dropped the lawsuit. She has not made a statement. She has not apologized to anyone for attempting to execute an act of perfect evil. And she would've gotten away with it. Think of Scooby Doo. I would've gotten away with it if it wasn't for those meddling kids. We are the meddling kids. This was meant to be an act of evil against a harmless person. She sensed his weakness and she went for it. And yes, I too would be anxious and uncomfortable if the world finally saw me for exactly what I was right. If I had perfectly curated this idea of me caring about various causes and caring about people.


And in reality, I get caught in my own text messages as being a very mean girl who will even use a-list power and the threat of dragons to take somebody down who just wanted to bring forth a movie that they were passionate about, a book that they were passionate about taking a book and turning it into a movie because he wanted to tell a story about domestic violence. Okay? So I just wanna remind you guys that whenever, and if ever you begin to feel an iota of sadness for Blake Lively, I want you to remember all the things that she did to Justin Bald. I want you to revisit the website that Brian Friedman put up, and I want you to read her text messages and how horrific they were. How quickly her and Ryan decided to use the threat of Taylor Swift to, to take down Justin bald and make him feel like he was powerless in the world of Hollywood.


I want you to remember their agents, Boone Baldoni Bologna, Ari Emanuel. Okay? Still bullying him after lawsuits have been filed because they view themselves to be that powerful. Okay? We're the giants here and there's nothing that Justin can do about it. And I will promise you that when you recapture that in your own imagination, recapture how Justin Baldon and his family must have felt realizing that if it wasn't for us meddling kids, okay? If it wasn't for us meddling kids, he would've effectively been branded as a sexual pervert. That would've been the story of Justin Baldoni. We, we would've been an actor who did a movie who then moved to direct a movie.


And then it was discovered thanks to the wonderful feminist that Blake Lively is, and her wonderful feminist friends who march in songs to take down Katy Perry. Thanks to her. We recognized that actually he was a sexual pervert who both thought she was ugly, but also couldn't look away from her. And Irresistibly needed to stare at her, him and Justin Heath when she was breastfeeding. 'cause they're just so into those sorts of things. Who was into a category of porn that nobody has ever heard of, which is a woman giving birth. Realize that they sat down, they made threats in an effort to take over his movie. And when they didn't get what they wanted, they were willing to brand him as a sexual predator via one of the most powerful news organizations in the world, the New York Times.


And they were able to do that because of their connections. So no, the answer to people that are wondering in the comments, If you should feel bad because she looks anxious, the answer is no. You shouldn't feel bad. And she should be anxious. Okay? After a person goes on a murder spree, to give you an example. And if they're home and they're dumping their clothes and getting rid of all the evidence, then they hear sirens outside and they start to feel anxious. We don't go, oh my gosh, I feel so he's going through a moment of anxiety, recognizing that he might really get caught. That he really might actually have to serve a sentence for this horrific act that he committed.


No, we keep marching until she gives us the kopa. And she recognizes and thinks about the anxiety that his wife must have gone through, recognizing that it was a plausibility, that her kids could grow up and believe that their father was a monster. Okay? Maybe think about how Justin Baldoni felt when he was in that basement at the his own movie premiere and they were laughing and dancing upstairs thinking that they had almost done it. That it was almost completed and that they had taken over his movie. And by the way, If you were on the fence about how involved Blake Lively was, I certainly was at moments going, was this just being driven by by Ryan? Was she even on the set when he did these Ted Pool Deadpool things?


Was she even aware of the lines that he was writing since she played Lady Deadpool? But she only did the voiceover and she wasn't actually on set. Did she know that he was gonna over murder him and do all of these horrific toxic things? Well, we got our answer when somebody on TikTok was able to find that present at that shoot that we just showed you, where he brought his mom in to mock Justin Baldon and to make fun of him and his background and his family in Ayahuasca. Blake Lively was present when that was shot. Here is a backstage at the, it ends with us Ryan Reynolds promo shoot, That's the, yeah, I, yeah, I, yeah.


It says The one and only Blake Smollett. And for those of you that are listening on the podcast, it is her laughing and speaking it. It looks like she's directing almost Ryan's mother to say lines. And we know that she was saying lines about Blake, that Brandon was meant to be Justin bald and this was really, truly just high school bullying done to the Hollywood extreme. So I don't forgive it, I will not forget it. But when she comes down and asks for an apology, then we can revisit that question. Okay.


First I wanna tell you guys about PreBorn before we get into the meat and potatoes of today, what to what do Andrea Bocelli, Steph Curry, Justin Bieber, and Tim Tebow all have in common? Well, all of their mothers were encouraged to end their pregnancies. That's the truth. When a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured to end her child's life. She wants to make the right choice with society. And those around her are telling her that the baby, it's not a life. That's where the Ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn and their network of clinics offer compassionate, loving care to mothers and the support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. If you consider yourself pro-life, it's time to join forces with PreBorn. Together we can empower women to choose life empowering. The truth of motherhood transforms families and futures. One ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of the lives that you helped to save. To donate securely, you just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword, baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash CANDACE.


Okay, now it's time for me to get into some trouble. Okay? I am old, By the way, 35 years old. I'm so old that I remember when conservatives were against the weaponization of the Department of Justice. I remember there was this event called January 6th and the aftermath of it, I remember the media, which is so good at brainwashing us repeatedly, showing videos of people breaking through barriers. And what was happening outside of this media depiction was this sweeping justification for the harassment of Americans who were simply there that day. Many of whom never entered the Capitol building. They literally just listened to Trump speak and went home. Why do I know this? Because I had friends from my hometown who only attended President Trump's speech, and then they went home.


And then the FBI arrived at their door to question them about why on earth they went to the rally at all. Okay? That is the reality of circumstances. And I know people that are now watching my series and seeing me do all these investigative things. You are starting to reexamine your relationship with the media. It's amazing what can happen in moments of confusion, what you'll allow to happen in moments of confusion when a story is presented to you. The message that they received when the FBI showed up at their door, okay? Literally kids that I went to elementary school with is essentially they were being threatened for political reasons. And many people allowed that to happen because the media convinced them through the repetition of videos and words.


Words like domestic terrorism, it's terrorism. It's a terroristic threat. The overuse of the word terrorism has been used to propagandize people into believing that if they don't acquiesce to whatever the government wants, well your nation is gonna somehow be harmed. 'cause this is, these are terroristic threats. Hello, nine 11, right? Why are we now, why do we all have to like get naked at the airport? Because after an event like nine 11, there was so much confusion. We were told the Middle East, we don't even know how we got into war, but it was like, take your belts and shoes off at the airport, or you're all gonna die. And we were like, okay, sure. That seems like a fair trade off. And now we look back and we go, goodness. When we're emotional and we're fired up about stuff where we hear certain trigger words, we allow a lot of over governance.


I'm also so old, okay? That I remember two weeks ago on this podcast when I showed a tremendous clip of Vice President JD Vance. He went over to Europe and he rightfully told the leaders, European leaders that they had become what they hated. Remember the Munich Security Conference? He was saying, you guys are sending police officers to the doors of your own citizens for wrong think. Because rather than try to understand the ideas and see which way the wind is blowing in your countries, you're telling them it's just not allowed. Who are you? How can you purport to be people that defend freedom when actually you're trying to prosecute it? And he was right. And I applauded that, and I'm getting so old you guys that I remember BLM protests on campus, who was there, who was alive?


Am I the only dinosaur here? And some of them grew extremely violent. Not all of them, but some of them definitely grew extremely violent all across cities. I gave speeches on college campuses during that time, and I remember having students that were blocking and barricading doors blaring music. I was traveling with Charlie Kirk, they were fighting police officers. I got chased down by Antifa in a diner in Philadelphia with Charlie Kirk. You can still find that clip. Totally insane stuff. People that were masked and it wasn't okay. So I have to tell you that as someone who personally survived the Antifa and the BLM riots, I was very understanding when Trump said that he was going to be cracking down on illegal protest, operative word being illegal.


And he said this on March 4th, when he posted this to truth social, he wrote, all federal funding will stop for any college, school or university that allows illegal protests. Agitators will be imprisoned or permanently sent back to the country from which they came. American students will be permanently expelled depending on the crime. Arrested, no masks. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Cool. I said, okay, that that actually works for me. Then we found out via a tweet yesterday that he had arrested a person named Mahmood Khalil. Okay? And I'll just read you the Trump the truth social tweet.


I don't know if they call them tweets on truth social, but he wrote, following my previously signed executive orders ICE proudly apprehended and detained Mahmud Khalil, a radical foreign pro Hamas student on the campus of Columbia University. This is the first arrest of many to come. We know there are more students at Columbia and other universities across the country who have engaged in pro terrorist, anti-Semitic, anti-American activity. And the Trump administration will not tolerate it. Many are not students, they're paid agitators. We will fund appreh. We will find pardon apprehend and deport these terrorist empathizers from our country never to return again. If you support terrorism, including the slaughtering of innocent men, women, and children, your presence is contrary to our national and and foreign policy interests.


And you are not welcome here. We expect every one of America's colleges and universities to comply. Thank you. Okay. Then the White House blared this out across their, so social media pages writing on top of a photo of this student activist, SHA Shalom Mahmud. And they wrote ice proudly apprehended and detained Mahmud khali. So to be clear, this wasn't done quietly, this was done loudly. They called him a pro Hamas student and obviously people are then gonna look into this person because this is an example of the policy. You said illegal protesting. So I thought, okay, this is gonna be pretty simple. I abstained yesterday from all the chatter about it because I knew, I just knew in my gut that this person had to have been arrested for doing something that was illegal, engaging in an illegal protest.


He must have been arrested on a campus and therefore because he was on a student visa, he had to leave. And I was okay with that. But something else was presented to the public. Okay, here are the facts. Yes, he's a Palestinian activist. His name is Mahmud Khalil. He was in fact detained by ice over Columbia University protests. He had completed work on his master's degree from Columbia University in December, but he's a legal resident of the United States. Okay? He's a green card holder that is very different from somebody who is here on a student visa. Okay? That means you essentially have all of the rights that are afforded to, you can't vote, but you can have legal green card residency for a very long time.


So he was arrested and detained by federal agents after his lawyer said that his green card was revoked by the Trump administration, despite the fact that he hadn't been arrested for engaging in illegal protests. So that made me go, okay, wait, what's this? What's going on? His attorney, a woman named Amy Greer, said that Khalil's wife, who is in fact an American citizen, was also present during his arrest and she's eight months pregnant to eight months pregnant. She finds out her green card holding legal permanent resident husband is about to be kicked outta the country and he hasn't been arrested yet. So I'm going, there must be something here that we're missing. Okay? Clearly I gotta kind of get through all of the fodder on social media.


'cause you know you're gonna get, he was Hamas supporter. I've been called a Hamas supporter for pointing out that I don't like dead children that are Palestinian, like truly survive my last year, everything that I was called. That's why I don't react when I hear these names. I actually look for the truth. I look for the source, I wanna hear what he said and I wanna see what he did. I no longer believe in smears and libels in name calling ad hominin attacks. Just show me the video of what this individual did, what he said that showed that he was supporting a terrorist. A group overseas, and you'll have me committed to your beliefs, but 24 hours later, we couldn't find this. We could not find this. Nobody was able to present anything other than ad hominin attacks.


Okay? We looked into it a little bit further in an interview with CNN last spring. Khal, Khalil said that he was born a Palestinian refugee in Syria. Okay? So he is Palestinian, that's why he obviously is going to have some feelings about what's happening to Palestinians, the innocent Palestinians, okay? People who think that innocent children and women being bombed is wrong, are not necessarily Hamas supporters. So we're conflating, okay, we are conflating and we're doing it because it's disingenuous. Then we learned that his family is from Tiberius, an Israeli city that was once known for its mixed Jewish and Arab pop population. He grew up in Syria. He earned his bachelor's degree in computer science from Lebanese American University.


That's at least according to his LinkedIn profile. And then in 2023, he began studying to earn his master's in public administration at Columbia's School of International and Public Affairs. After October 7th, there was a coalition of students that established encampments on at Columbia University. They held rallies, they staged teach-ins, but the movement of course, was also being tainted by people who just hated Jews, which by the way, on CNN, Khalil himself, disavowed, he said quote, there is of course no place for antisemitism. What we are witnessing is anti Palestinian sentiment that's taking different forms and antisemitism is Islamophobia, racism are some of these forms.


He added at that time that he chose not to participate directly in the student encampments because he did not want to risk the university revoking his student visa. So he was conscious of that. Instead, he just gave speeches and was one of the students that was selected to lead the discussions with the university administrators because they began negotiating with the student activists and he represented them at Columbia University, a coalition called Apartheid Divest, that demanded among other things of the university, divest from its financial ties to Israel until there was a ceasefire in Gaza days after he spoke to CNN, the university missed its deadline to reach an agreement on that divestment and in response a bunch of students as well as people that were not affiliated with the school at all.


So these were just like protests that were happening everywhere. Entered Columbia's Hamilton Hall and they barricaded themselves inside. Now, he was not one of these students, the university, thus far, no one has proclaimed. He barricaded himself into this university. The university then requested police assistance. They removed the protestors and more than 280 people were ar arrested from Hamilton Hall. Good. You can't barricade yourself inside a school. That's you breaking the law. He just wasn't one of these students. After those demonstrations, the university moved to suspend him, but then they reversed the decision because after reviewing the evidence, they realized they didn't have any evidence to warrant suspending him.


So in his view, the suspension was completely random. Now I can tell you that, and I would say until we get answers, this is, this is actually something I agree with. A federal judge has moved to block the effort of the Trump administration to deport him. Judge Jesse Furman ordered a hearing on the case to be held on Wednesday morning in New York City. And so I'll be following that tomorrow because I don't understand why he was selected to be deported. People are outraged because despite making a giant splash and announcing his arrest, the politicians in the follow-up discussions seem completely unable to answer specific questions about which law he broke.


They're just kind of reminding us that, well, green card holders can be revoked at any time. Okay? Yeah, sure. But is your, you just, you don't, you don't like his speech? I don't like his opinion. Is that what we're getting at? And I'll show you what I'm talking about. Here's Mike Johnson, the speaker of the house who was pointedly asked about what, which law this individual broke. And he's gonna say a lot of words, but he is also gonna say absolutely nothing. Take a listen Speaker. Yeah. In your estimation, what crime did ood the will commit to warrant his arrest detention and the potential revocation Of, lemme tell you something. I went face down the angry mob at Columbia at the height of that stuff, when, when the, the pro-Palestinian pro Hamas protestors were there. I'm telling you, this is my own observation, not something I read in the newspaper.


It was dangerous. I met with Jewish students before he went to campus who were holed away off campus because they were instructed by the administration not to come to class, which they paid for, for fear of their physical safety. The, the administrators there refused to take control of that campus. They refused to allow the PD to come to the police department to come in and take control. And it turned into a chaos. The president has since been removed and now they got the same problem. Again, Columbia and other universities, they have to keep control of campus. The first responsibility of an administration is ensuring the safety of the students who are paying tuition to be there for crying out loud. This madness has to stop. We have to get control of it. This guy apparently was a mastermind of those very things when the gnashing of teeth and the ripping of clothes and the people screaming at me wanting to rip me limb from limb because I was there talking about moral clarity and how there's a right and a wrong.


They were doing that. They disrupted the campus. They were threatening physical violence to their fellow students. If you're on a student visa, I'm gonna say this clearly, If you are on a student visa and you're in America and you're an aspiring young terrorist who wants to prey upon your Jewish classmates, you're going home. We're gonna arrest your tale and we're gonna send you home where you belong and that this is just getting started. So look, I I, I, I appreciate free speech. I used to defend it in courts, but this is far beyond the pale of that. When you are threatening your classmates and spewing antisemitism and all this hatred, it's enough. And I think the American people understand that they're supporting it. And I'm glad we have a president who's strong enough to lay down the law.


Thanks a lot. Lot of words to not tell us what exactly UD Khalil himself did. He was apparently a mastermind. What? What do you mean apparently a mastermind. What are you talking about? You, you're personalizing. I was there. I saw, I don't doubt any of that. I was there during BBL m protest protest. I saw BLM protesters get violent. It doesn't, excuse me, to go arrest somebody who wasn't a part of the violent protests or are was just supposed to be stupid and accept that. You know what, refer to that too. The DC Dipping twirl. For those of you who have seen the movie, the Campaign with Will Ferrell, when politicians are really good at dipping and twirling and not answering the questions, here's a clip from that movie. Cam Brady just gave you the old DC dipping twirl just danced around the question.


Mike Johnson just gave you guys the old DC dipping twirl. He just danced around the question. I'm like, okay, what specifically did this kid do? I need to know, because you're talking about green card card holders, not people that are just here taking the class. You're saying permanent residents of the United States, we can just revoke your green card at any time for wrong think. That's what it looks like right now. Again, I am open as I have been to being proven wrong. If somebody can present evidence of something that he did, instead of just saying apparently he was a master, he was just a mastermind, a total mastermind, everything that was happening was because of him. Do you have evidence of that? Mike Johnson. So Caroline Levitt, who is the White House suppressed secretary, was predictably questioned about his arrest today as well.


And here is what she says his crime was. Take a listen Question here on Mahmud. Khalil, does the administration believe that it needs to charge a green card holder with a crime to be eligible for deportation? Well, in fact, secretary Rub Rubio reserves the right to revoke the visa of Mahmud. Khalil, and I'm glad you brought this up. Under the Immigration and Nationality Act, the Secretary of State has the right to revoke a green card or a visa for individuals who serve at or are adversarial to the foreign policy and national security interests of the United States of America. And Mahmud, Khalil was an individual who was given the privilege of coming to this country to study at one of our nation's finest universities and colleges.


And he took advantage of that opportunity of that privilege by siding with terrorists, Hamas terrorists who have killed innocent men, women and children. This is an individual who organized group protests that not only disrupted college campus classes and harassed Jewish American students and made them feel unsafe on their own college campus, but also distributed pro Hamas propaganda flyers with the logo of Hamas. That is what the behavior and activity that this individual engaged in. And I have those flyers on my desk. They were provided to me by the Department of Homeland Security. I thought about bringing them into this briefing room to share with all of you, but I didn't think it was worth the dignity of this room to bring that pro Hamas propaganda.


But that's what this individual distributed on the campus of Columbia University, and this administration is not going to tolerate individuals having the privilege of studying in our country and then siding with pro terrorist organizations that have killed Americans. We have a zero tolerance policy for siding with terrorists. Period. Okay, so she's alleging that he, he distributed materials that are sitting on her desk. Would it not be prudent to just release those flyers? Wouldn't you quiet the noise immediately if what you're saying is true and there's no reason for us to doubt that what you're saying is true. It's a different answer than everybody else is giving. You're saying he distributed materials that were in support of murder.


I'm assu, I'm assuming, and therefore, by the way, I would imagine that, that he could have been arrested for that. It seems weird, but he wasn't arrested by Columbia University that he didn't get into any trouble with the police at Columbia University, but now he's in trouble with the feds. That seems like a remarkable jump there in the process. Why not release those flyers? Wouldn't that make sense to you? And then adding ins insult to injury in terms of just trying to give us an excuse, which I, like I said, I am open to accepting an excuse here I am. I'm genuinely like, I was like, go get 'em. When we talked about illegal protesting, I've been on the bad end of that. Then you have people who are just making stuff up. That actually isn't true at all.


Scott Jennings, and I'm sure this was a mistake, I'm sure somebody gave it to him. He thought it was real and he ins instantly published it. But he is a CNN opinion contributor who served as the political director for George W. Bush. He went on CNN and said that he was a part of a group that wanted to eradicate Western civilization. He mentioned a and you'll, you're seeing this going around, that this group, ku A-C-U-A-D, essentially called for the eradication of Western civilization. And I can tell you guys that that's been debunked now, okay? There is a Twitter account village, crazy lady who has tweeted debunking the eradication of Western civilization as an element of the group that he was a part of.


And she shows that actually that language was pulled regarding a a Bangladeshi group. Take a look at this. This is her tweet. Heads up. This is fake. This statement came from a group called Columbia University Bengali Student Association. It was printed in Mon Weiss on August 4th, 2024 in a much longer essay expressing solidarity with the student movement in Bangladesh on August 8th, 2004, Instagram accounts called Jews in Schools And Antisemitism. Antisemitism today posted this picture claiming that it was from CU Ad's page after an ex-US named Stu Stu Studio posted the Mande Weiss article to his page.


This is the evidence of radical i, of of radicalism that all the Zionists are using to attack Mahmud. Khalil today a screenshot of a fake IG post. And I have seen this going around and here it is, they're showing this post, but they're pretending that it came from the group that he was a part of. And it it, this is the original post. It had something to do with a Bangladesh group that was on campus. And then she shows in the next slide how that language was actually pulled and verifiably true from Bangladesh. There's like a movement for, to support students in Bangladesh. And so again, I, I'm happy to say that people probably wrongly assume that that was true. But why do we have to move to smearing someone? This information should be so easy to garner.


You've just moved to deport this person. It shouldn't, he, he should have done something so egregious. Or just show us the flyer so we can get on board with this show. Show me him calling people for death and don't say that students feeling unsafe is enough of a reason because this wasn't done. Let's be very clear. This was not done during BLM protests when Trump was in office. There was nobody cared about students that were feeling unsafe on campus, which was many. I mean, Michael Knowles was burned in effigy recently on this has been going on forever. Students protesting and protesting getting violent. So I have to say with the information thus far, provided, okay, my opinion right now to today, which is subject to change, if they come out and they show us more information, but thus far, I entirely disagree with this decision.


And I have some questions. How, First and foremost can you retroactively prosecute a law? Okay, if it was not the law or the position when Trump was in office and under the Biden regime, he didn't care about this. How can you go back and prosecute someone for a law that didn't exist when he violated it, which is passing out flyers, apparently flyers that we're not allowed to see. Why wasn't the exact same thing done when students were harassed by BLM? This is really about protecting students, okay? And some people are saying, oh, well this is different because Hamas is a designated terrorist group. Okay, well, you, you guys are saying this is about protecting students though. So you could have done this exact same thing to protect students under BLM. You didn't do it.


Why is it Because white people shouldn't be protected. White people who live here. By the way, Israelis don't live here. So people protesting Israel has less of an impact on the lives of people than people who are saying that all white people are terrorists and that white people deserve to die. And the signs that we saw during these BLM things, calling for a white genocide, professors, that, that were engaging in that rhetoric, calling for a white genocide that happened factually in this country. Why didn't we care? To the contrary, when Trump did get involved, when he recognized that conservatives were being chased and, and violence was happening, when we tried to speak on college campuses, he did sign an executive order. But guess what he did?


He signed an executive order to increase speech, not to squelch it, to increase it. Here is an old PBS clip following that executive order from 2019, protecting speech due to the way conservatives are being treated on campus, because of our perspectives on BLM and other matters to a listen With a stroke of the pen, president Trump issued an ultimatum to US colleges. Universities that want taxpayer dollars should promote free speech, not silence free speech. The executive order signed today requires colleges to certify that their policies support free speech as a condition to receiving federal research grants.


It does not affect schools access to federal financial aid for student tuition. God bless. President Trump first proposed the idea to a gathering of conservatives in Washington earlier this month. We Believe in free speech, including online and including on campus. He brought on stage conservative activist Hayden Williams. They want our dollars and we give it to 'em by the billions. They've gotta allow people like Hayden and many other great young people and old people to speak In February. Williams was recruiting on uc, Berkeley's campus when he got into an altercation with this man who then punched Williams in the face.


That man was arrested and charged with assault and the university condemned the attack. Williams spoke to the News Hour while in Washington earlier this month. Well, I, I think there's a culture on college campuses that sort of promotes one side over the other. And you know, conservatives are, are in the minority on, on college campuses across the country. So the question is, why didn't the Trump's Department of Justice move at that moment to begin deporting people who held perspectives that were radically pro BLM that were calling for the genocide is, is I'm just genuinely asking this question. For those of us who voted for Trump and support Trump. And here's what I wanna say by the way, to the people who are extraordinarily Zionist who support Israel in everything that they do, the people who drop the Israeli flag in the chat thinking that it's gonna transform opinion somehow, this is gonna backfire.


Take it from me. Take me to the bank. This is going to massively backfire. So if your stance in this is, let me defend this action because I have to defend Israel, the exact opposite thing will happen. Do you guys remember this earlier this week when the Gallup poll was released the other day? I can show you this. This headline, less than half in the US now sympathetic towards Israeli Israelis, okay? They, and then it says, support for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state remains at majority level. And they were reporting this all across that they've never seen such low support for Israel in America, ever. And do you wanna know why that is? You know, it's, it's not because you can legislate people to support Israel.


It's not because you can deport people to support Israel. It's because the opposite thing is more likely to happen because it looks like politicians are willing to forego American principles when it comes to the topic of Israel. Again, I would feel great about this if, If you told me that the Department of Justice did this under Trump if to protect white Americans at school during BLM riots and are we supposed to all magically forget while this is going on that back in 2020 bibb net and Yahoo was sounding like a gangster saying that he was going to get speech laws passed in America, any person that boycotted Israel would themselves suffer. Let's take a listen to Bibi Netanyahu, and this is going to be in Hebrew, but don't worry, I will interpret it for you and then give you some tweets.


This is, He is saying, we will punish people who boycott Israel. This is a foreign leader of a foreign state saying whoever Boycots Israel will themselves be boycotted. We are getting laws passed. There are laws passed in most states against boycotting us and you will be punished. How's that for gangster speech? And to back that up, they tweeted it in perfect English, by the way, on the Israel Twitter account.


They wrote, this is 2020 Prime Minister BB Netanyahu, whoever boycots us will be boycotted. The UN Human Rights Council is a biased body that is devoid of influence, not for nothing. I have already ordered severing ties of it. Guess what guys? That has now happened in here in America. It was also not for nothing that the American administration has taken this step together with us in recent years. We have promoted laws in most US states which determine that strong action is to be taken against whoever tries to boycott Israel. Fascinating that he can do that. That he can say that. That we are supposed to be a party that is America first. And it seems that laws are being dictated according to what this guy wants. And I've been very clear in my stance on him, I think he's a monster.


I think he's a gangster and he's acting like a gangster. And now it seems that politicians are just following his every order. They're just following his order. Just gonna, well it doesn't matter why we got ready it BB Nya wanted us to, you know what actually what we wanted as the American people, we want you guys to focus on the Epstein files and the JFK files that were promised. Okay, this isn't where we needed you guys to flex your muscle on mock mood. Khalil, who doesn't have a criminal record here and has a wife that's pregnant for eight months, like wasn't at the top of my list. I gotta be honest, wasn't even on my list if I'm being honest. And it's interesting to hear when people recognize that and, and ask that question of whoa, whoa, whoa. What about these Epstein files and JFK files that were promised to be released on day one?


Here is how Caroline Levitt answers. A week ago, attorney General Bondy said a truckload of Epstein files had been Delivered to her office from the SDNY. When can we expect those files to be released to the public? I would defer you to the Department of Justice. I don't have a timeline here. Do you have Any update on the JFK files? I don't at this moment. Again, I would defer you to our DNI director, Tulsi Gabbard, and also the Department of Justice. I know that they are working on that diligently as the president requested them to do. All I'm saying you guys is, I don't like it. I don't like the way it feels. I don't like that it, it seems increasingly that we are abandoning our values. Again, I had these same values when people were taking extraordinary efforts under the Biden regimes DOJ, to go after American citizens for practicing their speech and rightfully assembling, rightfully assembling to support Donald Trump.


And this feels like the exact same thing in both regards, calling people terrorists and telling people not to look at the details. And I'm looking at the details, I'm looking for the details and I'm happy to correct this report if more comes out. But don't put, don't put that on us. Don't say, well, how dare you ask for more questions. Okay? You are the ones who waved this flag. You are the one to put it all on White House and said, look what we did. We're so proud of this. And now people are saying we didn't answer. 'cause we can't just be kicking out legal permanent residence because they've spoken in ways that we disagree with. If you called for death, murder the slaughter of children, I'm willing to partner with you. But at that mo at this moment, I don't see it. Alright. Right guys, before I get into some of your comments to see what you guys are thinking, maybe Skyler, we should put up a poll.


It's, while I am getting through these ads, a poll of whether or not the Department of Justice was justified against Khalil. If you wanna get that poll going on YouTube, I will read the results by the time I get through these ads and get through your questions. But first I wanna tell you about Seven Weeks Coffee because it is America's pro-life coffee company that's on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. They're called Seven Weeks Coffee because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's also why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $800,000 for these centers and they have saved thousands of lives. Now lemme tell you about the coffee because I'm very picky about what I put into my body.


It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown low acid, and it's organically farmed so it checks all the BO boxes. And right now, when you subscribe to Seven Weeks Coffee, you'll receive a free limited edition Lent tote designed by a daily reminder to pray fast and drink Seven Weeks Coffee during this L and season.


So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save 15% forever when you subscribe, plus exclusively for my listeners, use Code Canis. You'll get an extra 10% off your first order as a 25% total savings on your first order plus your free gift.


So visit Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use promo code andis. Also, I don't know your exact situation, but if you're like thousands of homeowners American Financing talks to every month and you are perhaps struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet, drowning in high interest debt, and it is of course not your fault, life just got more expensive. Inflation hit a lot of people very hard. So if you're still carrying around credit card balances with 20% plus interest rates while your mortgage sits untouched, you are ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around for you in your home. And this is where American Financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes of your time for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that is exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that does not make any sense.


And there are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving.


So do not wait. Talk to American Financing today and start feeling that relief. Call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing net slash Owens.


Again, that's American Financing net slash Owens. Okay, we are going to get to this poll. Okay, what did, what was the question we asked? I got we're at 67%. No, but I don't know exactly what Skylar asked. What did we ask whether or not Trump was correct? Right? So it's a yes or no question. Was Trump cor correct? Was the Trump administration correct to move on? Mahmud? Khalil, right now we are at 66%, no, 34%. Yes. So, and that is out of just 2300 votes. We're gonna still allow that to climb. By the way, guys, I'm really proud of this. A year ago in March, I was fired and it was a huge headline all across the world.


And my family went through a lot and I just felt really good to know that. Fast forward a year, this was the Wall Street Journal today doing an article called Beyond the Manosphere, a new wave of popular political podcasts, ascends and Buried in this article, actually not buried, it's actually prominently featured in this article, is the fact that we have the number three podcast in America. It speaks about how basically people are turning to independent media. It mentions me as a, a running political show. Oh no, no, that's, that's actually Candace Owens show. But I'll, I'll go to the next page where it talks about me. It says, Owens a former political talk show host at the Daily Wire launched Candace in June as part of her own independent media company.


She said the format allows her to take more risks without corporate checks and balances, downloads and views of Candace across platforms were nearly 40 million over the past month, according to Pod scribe matching her at number three behind Midas Touch and Rogan. So it speaks about these investigative series that we've been doing and how people are appreciating it. So I wanted to share that with you because that feels like it's a win for us. And for those of you that listen to the show every day, I'm so grateful to you. I know I tell you that way too much, but I'm just gonna keep saying it until you're sick of me saying how grateful I am. But it's, it is amazing to know that, that this is one year later and it's also a reminder to anyone listening to this podcast and you're going through like a moment in life and you're going through like a why moment. Like why, you know, you almost are like, why would God allow this to happen to me?


Why would God allow this injustice to happen to me? And a bunch of people are betting against you. Like to remember that sometimes things when you move through a season, you just don't see the bigger picture. And to just trust it, trust the process, trust that maybe it's God just getting you out of a situation and preparing for something bigger. And I know that someone out there needed to hear that today. Maybe someone who literally got fired today needed to hear that. And so just keep on keeping on and pray and be grateful even If you can't see the big picture. All right, let's read some of your comments first. Let's, let me just check what we are at now. Yeah, we are still sitting at 66% on that poll of people who believe that the Department of Justice was not justified.


66% of you think that what Trump did was wrong, and 34% of you believe that what Trump did was the correct thing to do. Okay, A couple of questions. Norma. Norma writes, wow, I agree a hundred percent no forgiveness. This is regarding Blake Lively until the person at least asks for it. Also, you don't need to do drugs. Accept Jesus and God and read the Bible. And also congratulations on the baby, and I hope God continues to bless you and your family. Thank you so much, Norma. That is so kind. Aria Kahn rides Trump and his admin are absolutely losing their base by turning on Massey. This is correct. He also today fired a shot at Thomas Massey asking for him to be primary. He's very well liked.


He's very well liked by me as well. Jara continues, his entire campaign has been focused on a working for a foreign nation, and I'm fed up nailing coffin for me, America deserves better. Massey 2028 to, for those of you that don't follow the intricacies of American Congressman, Massey is one of maybe three congressmen who does not bend to apac, the American Israel pac. They have long been trying to get him out of office. And today Trump fired a shot saying that someone should primary him and that they would have his support. And it didn't. It did not play well in MAGA world. People who voted for Trump loved Trump. I love Thomas Massey and I think he's just got this wrong and I won't be supporting that endeavor to primary Massey. And so people are thinking even that is another symptom of him having, having taken a hundred million dollars from Miriam Adelson in the election process.


It's a big number, you know, And so who, who's his master is what people are asking. And so it's unfortunate to hear people saying that it's a nail in the coffin for them. And hopefully Trump turns this around. Who knows? Tara writes, thank you Canice for your consistency on this. They have silenced Alex Jones. They're silencing anyone who criticizes Dina writes, went through all my teenage years without being a groupie of anyone. Now I am 45 living in Germany. I become a groupie of Candace. You're so sweet. Please add PayPal So I can join Club Candace. I didn't know we didn't have that. Skyler. Please note that we should add PayPal. Tell, I'll tell my husband, but Skyler has left me a note here saying that the website works with any credit card and we will indeed look into PayPal.


Stephanie writes, Blake and Ryan brought this on themselves. I do not feel even a little bit bad for her. You reap what you sow. That's correct. And, and now it is indeed a season of harvest for her. And again, once she apolo, if she apologizes, I will have a totally different perspective. But I'm gonna need that apology first for my cousin. Maud writes, Candace, can you ask President Trump to release the text Watson Tapes from the La Prosecutor's office to Tom O'Neill, writer of Chaos? Tom was looking for them for his book. Oh, speaking of chaos, you guys, tonight we have the book club as we continue this book, which is so beat up 'cause I have just gone through it way too many times. The next, I think five chapters we're doing tonight, that is at 6:00 PM Eastern and the live chat is working.


So I'm so excited, so excited. This book is amazing. As I said, everyone should read it. I didn't know about that text. Watson was one of the, you know, the main guys that executed that murder. So yeah, allegedly. Allegedly. I say now having read that book, who knows what the heck went down that night. But I, look, I gotta say regarding asking Trump to release the Tex Watson tapes, I, I just need those Epstein files and JF Keith, JFK files first please. And JFK is mentioned in this book. There's still a connection. The sixties was a wild time. The CIA was just doing whatever. Lastly, Abigail Bower writes Democrat here, who found you recently and now question a lot of my own social engineering and views. Please have Ian Carroll on you two would be great.


That's a great idea. I'm gonna reach out to Ian Carroll and get him on because I, I feel like that was just kind of pro providence that he was on Joe Rogan, I was on Theo Bond. We both had similar discussions and yeah, he's from the left. I'm from the right, but I just, I love the work that he is doing because the work that he is doing, and I hope the work that you guys see that I'm doing is just to challenge people to think outside of the box. Stop thinking of yourself as a Republican or a Democrat or left versus right, but just try to be ideologically consistent. See what your values are, and don't believe the mainstream media of anything. That is something that I am saying. It is amazing how much they can make you hate somebody and make you believe in a version of events and make you acquiesce to your freedoms being squeezed.


And it's just gonna take critical thinkers to kind of be able to break that mold. All Right guys, again, we have book club tonight at 6:00 PM Eastern. Also, there'll be a new shot in the dark tomorrow that is released. This time it will be on the flu shot. So If you are subscribed to that, great. If not, all you have to do to join all of these things is head to Candace Owens dot com and we will see you guys there. And we'll see you guys tomorrow.