
Alright, you guys, Happy Thursday. I promised you I would do an episode on the JFK files. Well this is just the beginning of it and what I can tell you guys in a sentence is that the Conspiracy Theorists, we were right again, always it seems nowadays. Tucker Carlson was definitely on the money when he said that. Being referred to as a conspiracy theorist these days just means that you're educated like beyond the mainstream media and the public education system, which is making everybody dumb. So for those of you guys who have not read chaos yet and are not a member of our book club, we are going to take you down the JFK rabbit hole, the beginning of it. Welcome back to Candace.


All Right guys. The JFK files have been cracked open. What does it means? Well it, what it means right now is that If you are a Jewish American citizen, it is really high time for you guys to understand that you are under no obligation to keep defending the state of Israel. Okay? Antisemitism is not happening when people judge the foreign state of Israel. We have to say that right at the top, right? I should make everybody right now, just get up and do the Pledge of Allegiance. Like old fashioned style. Like you're just in your fifth grade classroom. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands one nation, not under Israel, not under black male, okay? Like we're all the same. We are Americans. And the only reason that you have that instinct, especially Jewish Americans, is because there's this existential crisis that has been ingrained in you since your youth, like you have been indoctrinated to believe that supporting that state is existential.


Really Like you're gonna die If you don't. And we all have those things. It's cool. We've all been indoctrinated in some way or another in our youth and that's kind of the social engineering of the classroom to make us really fearful. It's the reason why women are like, I support Planned Parenthood 'cause I think men are gonna take my ovaries if I don't. Then you kinda get old and you're like, wait a second, that doesn't really make any sense. Why do I fear the patriarchy? It's just a fear-based education system. Anyways, let's get to the beginning of it really and and kind of make you understand where the Conspiracy Theorists were coming from, from since before these files got released. Okay, so we all know what happened on November 22nd, 1963 JFK was shot.


President JFK was shot sitting alongside his wife in a vehicle that was traveling through the streets of Dallas. Now it is important before we get into that, that you have a historical understanding of some other facts. Before Kennedy was elected, president Eisenhower was president, and right before Eisenhower left office, he warned the American public that a shadow was building a shadow government, so to speak, was building in the background. He referred to it as a military industrial complex. I want you to take a close, listen to his words here. We annually spend on military security alone more than the net income of all United States corporation corporations.


Now this conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is new in the American experience. The total influence, economic, political, even spiritual is felt in every city, every state house, every office of the federal government. We recognize the imperative need for this development, yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications. Our toil, resources and livelihood are all involved. So is the very structure of our society in the councils of government, we must car guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.


We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals so that security and liberty may prosper together. So he is giving this warning and it's interesting because obviously many of us were not alive during this time. Many of us who even who were alive during this time, certainly wouldn't maybe recall that speech. But he's saying that this is new. Like this idea of America always being at war is new and it's not new to us.


It's just like we can't stop being at at war in the Middle East Ukraine. It's like a game of whack-a-mole like the military industrial complex is obviously real and it exists. And we refer to this now as the deep state. And you should know that when JFK became president thereafter, he was explicitly against war. You have to understand, he too agreed that there was no need for us to be engaged in never ending war. We're supposed to rah, rah, rah, win World War ii. And it turns out that there was something operating in the background that didn't really want that. And so Eisenhower's warning that these people could have undue influence whatever this magic force is in the background could have undue influence on American policy. And Kennedy gets an office and he's like, I'm not about this war.


Take a listen to what he had to say at American University. This speech was given on June 10th, 1963, just a few months before he was assassinated. I realized the pursuit of peace is not as dramatic as the pursuit of war. And frequently the words of the pursuers fall on deaf ears, but we have no more urgent task. Some say that it is useless to speak of peace or world law or world disarmament and that it will be useless until the leaders of the Soviet Union adopt a more enlightened attitude.


I hope they do. I believe we can help them do it. But I also believe that we must reexamine our own attitudes as individuals and as a nation for our attitude is as essential as theirs. So the question that we should ask is why is it that as soon as you begin speaking about JFK, people refer to you as a Conspiracy Theorists and in particular you will note in particular, you'll notice that there are these Zionist accounts that freak out before they even know what you're going to say. So what is it about JFK's assassination that triggers Zionists? Why do they pretend that it's an act of antisemitism to explore the environment and the things that JFK was adamantly opposed to? I'm gonna describe that to you and I'm going to use only Jewish sources here so we can remove ourselves from any claims of antisemitism.


It, these are just the facts of what JFK was fighting while he was in office, okay? One of the things that he was opposed to was the American Zionist Council, he wanted them, which would go on to become apac. We're still having a discussion about APACS undue influence in our elections today. They were back then known as the American Zionist Council and JFK's Department of Justice told them that they had to register as a foreign agent under farra. Okay? Now I'm gonna slow that down for you because many of you probably probably don't even know what FARRA is. It stands for the Foreign Agents Registration Act. It requires that any person or business entity is accepting money from or acting as an agent to a foreign government must register with the Department of Justice.


Now, you would have to, and that means file reports. You'd have to detail your compensation, you have to detail your expenditures, your communications essentially. The reason for that is obvious. So that we as Americans know that we are being influenced by agents of another government. I, I personally wish that we would also be able to see this in terms of like right away knowing when people are lobbying that, that they would have to announce that we are lobbying on behalf of big pharma and we accept money from them, but they don't have to do that, right? And so it would color your imagination. Obviously if I'm saying all these things and you find out that I'm registered under Farra for a a a a foreign country like Ukraine, you would go, okay, well that makes sense.


CANDACE is telling me that we should go to war with Ukraine, but I now know that Candace is actually accepting tens of millions of dollars from Ukraine. That's the purpose of Farah registration. So when the American Zionist Council came into fruition in 1949, they were lobbying on behalf of the newly formed foreign state of Israel, okay? And the J-F-J-F-K said, you guys now need to register under Farah. Now again, I've explained why that would be important because it, it would change the way that you understood the news that was coming to you. You essentially would understand you were listening to a commercial and sometimes you wonder when you see all these influencers, you're like, who's funding them? That natural question of who is funding them.


It would be infinitely more important If you knew that it was somebody, it was a foreign country overseas. So we're gonna take a lead up, we're gonna take a look at rather the lead up to JFK's assassinations and his dealings with the Zionist group that he was trying to get to register under farra. Look at this website, okay, this website, and we don't have the top of this. I want to know, Skylar, If you don't mind actually showing the Israel lobby archive. Okay? So I'm gonna take you through just a timeline and you can actually click and see these documents. These are documents that are published publicly. They all actually exist. And I'm gonna take you through the relevant things leading up to the year of the communications that his Department of Justice, JFK's Department of Justice had with the A ZC saying, Hey, you need to register as a foreign agent.


We'll go back a year before his assassination on October 31st, 1962, you can see that the Assistant Attorney General and the director of Internal Security, who was Jay Walter Ley notifies Attorney General RF Kennedy that we are soliciting next week, the registration of the American Zionist Council under the Foreign Agents Registration Act. You may be aware that the American Zionist Council is composed of representatives of the various Zionist organizations in the United States, including the Zionist Organization, organization of America. So there were a bunch of different organizations, they were all lobbying on behalf of Israel and they were like, we're gonna obviously pursue this on November 21st, 1962.


This is again like almost exactly a year before you get assassinated. The Department of Justice ordered them the A ZC to register under Farrah and there was a receipt of such funds from the American section of the Jewish Agency for Israel constitutes the council. And essentially they were like, you absolutely must register. Your request is happening. And Sky, I don't know if you've actually pulled any of these documents in, but if not, it's okay. We'll keep going down the timeline. Now, on December 6th of that same year, the president of a ZC was a guy named Rabbi Irving Miller. And he responded to the Department of Justice and he wrote this, the request for registration contained in your letter raises many questions of fact and of relationships, which first must be resolved by us before compliance can be made.


Therefore, it is requested that you be good enough to grant us a delay of 120 days immediately already. Stunning. Okay? The Department of Justice is file is saying to you in a letter you need to register as a foreign agent. And you have the rabbi who's leading this group who says, your request is a little, we're gonna need some time actually to chew over that request. And you'll understand we need 120 days. Okay? So within that one 20 day timeframe, they decided to officially incorporate APAC on January 2nd, 1963, a man named Isaiah Kennan incorporated APAC instead. And then the A ZC council went back to the DOJ and it essentially said like, you know, we're not ready actually to register.


But now we have a new organization, it's known as apac. And If you follow along on this timeline, so then you start to see that he incorporates, that's on January 2nd, 1963, Isaiah incorporates the American Israel Public Affairs, like I said, APAC community in Washington DC and then the day after on January 24th, 1963, a couple of weeks after, pardon the DOJ draft file memo, they essentially say that they met with the A ZC head council and he advised his client to dis just discontinue the previous agency as a ZC. And they were like, we hope that that resolves the issue.


Like basically we are a new incorporated APAC and that should resolve the issue. And essentially the D-O-J-D-O-J said, no, that actually doesn't resolve the issue and we're still gonna need you to register essentially saying we need your expenditures. We need to know who's funding you guys where this money is coming from and we're not gonna change our opinion on that. And they were still fighting him. They still were fighting and going, we're not going to give that to you whatsoever. What you have taking place there on January 25th, 1963 is you start to see these articles that start building in the press. And so they started creating a peer pressure campaign essentially saying, and this is like a direct quote from the Wall Street Journal, that, that if they had gone through with this, if they kept demanding for the A ZC to have to reveal to them their expenditures and who was funding them, that Jewish opinion would be bad for the DOJ.


Like that the American Jewish opinion was going to be bad. So they shouldn't go through with this. This was actually happening. And incredibly, even Donald Rumsfeld, who was a congressman at that time, wrote to the DOJ and said, I'm concerned that If you keep pushing this matter, then the Jewish Zionist opinion is going to transform in America absolutely wild. Like this is the Department of Justice telling you to register. And now you are essentially lobbying politicians and you're lobbying journalists to start writing these articles and to essentially seed into the American mind and to seed into pol into the political mind that this request is inappropriate. It's entirely inappropriate because how dare you ask us to register?


That doesn't make any sense. Don't, don't you understand that we are, we're we're Jewish and this isn't gonna look good for you. That that you can literally go to this website and look through the filings and look through the newspaper clippings. And this is the reality. There was a peer pressure campaign, not unlike what we see today. When I speak about APAC and I speak about these journalists who act like hit men and If you don't acquiesce to whatever it's the state of Israel wants, they are out there calling you Hitler antisemitic. They've got all of these influencers on, influencers on an orbit online who we can assume are receiving money in some capacity, but we'll never know because APAC is now a 5 0 1 C3 and we, they'd never had to register as farra, but they did this right in the beginning.


And guess what? Farra came back and said, we don't care. We can bring right up. That timeline far came back and said, we don't care. Okay? That's not gonna change anything. You are actually going to still have to register. It doesn't matter how many press articles are written, we are going to interpret this according to the law and not according to the feelings of Jewish scientists in America. And so they go on and on and you go back through this timeline and it gets more and more aggressive. And finally what happens is that Hoover, who was heading up the FBI at that time says, do you want me to get involved? Is it time now for us to swoop in as the FBI and essentially say you register or else like, are we, are we at the point now essentially where we need to make arrests?


And they're getting very serious about this because they had already ordered for them to register within 10 days and they still declined to do it. They still did not move whatsoever. And so they're sort of mulling this over like, should we get the Feds involved at a higher level? Should we get the FBI involved involved rather, and suddenly Farah comes back as well and says like, we absolutely think that we should get them involved. Then you see this like measly attempt from the A ZC council to say, well, will it suffice if we show you our income statements? And Farah says, absolutely not. This is absurd. This is a year on now, again, leading up to Kennedy's death. And you can see there on October 11th, 1963, the DOJ demands for a ZC to register.


The department expects a response from you within 72 hours with regards to this matter. And then you can see on the 17th that Walter Ley noted of A-D-O-J-A-Z-C-A-A meeting that they essentially said they were making a plea for no registration, stating it was the opinion of most of the people that were affiliated with the council, that such a registration would be so publicized by the American Council on Judaism that it would eventually destroy the Zionist movement. Now, I want you to think about that. If all you have to do to be like, it's not a crime, you can be a foreign agent, right?


If all you have to do once you become registered under Farrah is to reveal your expenditures, reveal how you are being funded, allow people to understand where you are getting this money from, why would they be this opposed to it A year on using lawyers, calling judges to get involved, trying to persuade the public, trying to essentially cause a smear campaign and saying that it's going to radically shift Jewish opinion, that it's gonna put Jewish, you know, the Zionist movement on pause. What would it have plausibly revealed if they had done that? I don't know the answer to this. I'm never gonna know the answer to this. Because what we do know is that a couple of weeks later, JFK got shot.


Okay? Now, if you're instantly connecting the dots and going, oh, well of course it must have been a Zionist who did this. I think that would be a little bit too far of a stretch. But when you compare the policies of JFK, who did not want them to be funded, and what was running parallel to this, of course, was that he was on the phone arguing, screaming, having fights with Prime Minister Ben Gian of Israel, because he also did not want Israel as a state to become nuclear armed. Okay? And they're fighting on the phone. They still won't declassify these arguments that he was having, but they absolutely were at each other's throats and they hated each other. And he was very opposed to the Damon, the Damo reactor.


This is something that you can even find in speeches like the Gaddafi speech when he speaks about what really happened to JFK, everybody knows that he was opposed, strongly opposed to Israel and nuclear armament. He kind of just leaves that out there. When you add those two things together, you go, okay, well, hmm. Is it, would it be a conspiracy to suggest that Ben Gurian and the state of Israel hated him and he was opposed to them and he was opposed to them getting funding and he was opposed to them having undue influence in American politics and then he dies, and then you weigh that against the fact that the problem for them instantly disappeared as soon as JFK died. Because what happened was that when Lyndon b Johnson got into office, he was the vice president, all of their problems were instantly resolved because he reversed course on everything.


What is interesting is that LBJ essentially employed the exact opposite policies of JFK. He was fundamentally pro-war, okay? Vietnam, Cambodia, the bombing campaigns, and it didn't come out until quite recently that he helped Israel get established as a state by secretly helping to transport weapons exactly what JFK was against exactly what Eisenhower before him was against. He secretly helped to transport weapons to Israel while he was in Congress. Now, don't take my word for it. If I said that fact, it would be antisemitic, right? Let's take that fact instead from the Israeli newspaper Ettes. This is literally an Israeli publication they publish daily.


They wrote quote, this article you can see is entitled Lyndon Johnson. Israel has had no better Friend. Historians generally regard Johnson as the President, most uniformly friendly to Israel. And then it says, after John F. Kennedy was killed, and Lyndon Johnson became the 36th president, LBJ told an Israeli diplomat, you have lost a very great friend, but you have found a better one. Indeed, it was Johnson as a Senate majority leader who stood in the way years earlier of Dwight Eisenhower's plans to cut off assistant to to is assistance to Israel. Okay? I'm quoting this from the article. It's not from me. So we now know that while he was in Congress, he stood in the way of Eisenhower who wanted to cut off assistance, assistance to Israel, okay?


And now we're understanding that he reversed his course on JFK's policy when he becomes the President. It goes on to say he knew few Jews growing up in Texas, but cultivated lifelong friendships as he rose through the ranks of the Democratic Party, which had become the natural political home for most Jews. Historians generally regard Johnson as the president, most uniformly friendly to Israel. Johnson was the first president to invite an Israeli prime minister, Levi Escal on a state visit. They got along so well. Both men were farmers that Johnson paid Escal, the rare compliment of inviting him to his rants ranch, LBJ, soon abandoned pressure on Israel to come clean about the Dimona reactor.


He increased arm sales to Israel. And in 1968, after Israel's supplier, France imposed an embargo as a means of cultivating ties in the Arab world. The United States became Israel's main supplier of weapons, notably launching the talks that would lead to the sale of Phantom fighter jets to Israel. Okay? So he was completely committed to the state of Israel. And if you're beginning to ask questions about, okay, why would that be? What could have been his background? Well, interestingly enough, it turns out that his aunt, his aunt Jesse, and again, we will pull this up in the Jerusalem post, we'll pull this up in the times of Israel, but his aunt Jesse Hatcher was a member of the Zionist organization.


And it has been speculated not by me, okay, but by Rabbi Schul golden. That LBJ himself came from a maternal line of Jews. Now, his family dates back to the 1848 ERs, which were a bunch of communists who tried unsuccessfully to overthrow Germany. And then they all came to Texas and settled in Texas and Kansas and all throughout the United States, including the Pfizer family. But pulling this back up, this is the opinion of Rabbi Schmuel who apparently looked into it. And this is a blog written by Richard Chaman on the Times of Israel. He writes, you can bet the ranch that Bernie Sanders will not be elected as the first Jewish president, but he might be the second. Who was the first Jewish president, LBJ Lyndon Baines Johnson.


I think Rabbi Schul golden for making me aware of his fascinating story. He's now quoting from an article by Morris Smith in the Five Towns Jewish Times, Lyndon Johnson's maternal ancestors. The Huffman's apparently migrated to Frederick Maryland from Germany sometime in the mid 18th century. Later they moved to bourbon Kentucky and eventually settled in Texas in the mid to late 19th century. The facts indicate that both of Lyndon Johnson's great grandparents on the maternal side were Jewish. These were the grandparents of Lyndon's mother, Rebecca Bains. Their names were John S. Huffman and Mary Elizabeth Perrin. John Huffman's mother was Suzanne Ahmond, a common Jewish name.


Perrin is also a common Jewish name. Huffman. And Perrin had a daughter, Ruth Amen. Huffman, who married Joseph Bains. And together they had a daughter, Rebecca Baines. Lyndon Johnson's mother. A line of Jewish mothers can be traced back three generations in Lyndon Johnson's family tree. There was little doubt that he was Jewish. Now, again, that is coming from Jewish sources. They will call that a conspiracy. I am just telling you, these are the facts in terms of his assistance and being the greatest friend, the greatest presidential friend that Israel has ever had. Now you're looking at this story, you're piecing it together, you're going, Lyndon b Johnson is just one man. That's where, that's where my common sense goes.


Okay? Even if Lyndon b Johnson was actually loyal to the state of Israel, and he did have some familial Jewish ties, and his aunt who he loved so much, Jesse, Jesse Hatcher was the one who brought him up and told him to do all these things. Even If you wanted to believe all of that, you would go, okay, but we're talking about the assassination of JFK. Okay? That would require help and assistance from the state, the deep state, namely the CIA. Do we really think that they would have assisted in that sort of a scheme? Well, you should know that when JFK became president, the CIA had been active for about 14 years. It was created in 1947, so just months before the creation of the Nation of Israel with a assigning by President Terry s Truman of the National Security Act.


And I would argue that the CIA is undoubtedly the most corrupt and murderous governmental entity in the world. And not just against people in the world, but also against the American people. Okay? MK Ultra, anybody experiments that they have conducted on our troops, on unsuspecting American citizens. And I wanna be clear that as another point of concern for JFK during his presidency, during his presidency, he recognized the CIA's corruption. It is why he is quoted as saying that he wanted to scatter the CIA into the wind. He wanted to just completely get rid of the CIA because he understood that they were a corrupt body.


And what you should know is that from 1953 to 1961, the CIA's director was Alan Dulles. Okay? He is an American definitively not Jewish under his direction. The CIA, engaged in all sorts of illegal covert operations. Like I said, most notoriously, the MK Ultra Program where they were interested in brainwashing people, creating Turing candidates. I mean, the most sinister stuff that you will ever read about. And you should get into those readings, especially if you're one of the people that has purchased chaos. He was indeed a very sinister man. But is it plausible that there was somebody that he was taking orders from?


Is it plausible that Alan Dulles, as he was doing all of these things at the CIA may have been doing them because he was being blackmailed? Now I'm saying that I'm gonna read you a shocking article. Shocking article that I think puts another huge piece of the JFK story together, of who Alan Delli was. Alan Delli, by the way, also ran, was in charge of the Warren Commission. So he was behind telling the public a ridiculous story about Lee Oswald Lee Harvey Oswald. He did it. It's over. That's it. Total sham of a committee and a sham of a report.


And it's very interesting when I give you this little tidbit of history that not many people know. But first, we're gonna take a quick break.


I'm gonna speak to you guys about PreBorn because you guys know what Andrea Belli, Steph Curry, and Justin Bieber and Tim Tebow all have in common. All of their mothers were encouraged to end their pregnancies because when a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured to end her child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and those around her tell her that her baby is not a life. That's where the Ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn and their network of clinics offer compassionate, loving care to mothers and the support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. So If you consider yourself pro-life, it's time to join forces with PreBorn. Together we can empower women to choose life empowering. The truth of motherhood transforms families and futures. One ultrasound costs just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of lives of the lives that you helped to save. So To donate, just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword, baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash CANDACE. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, I wanna tell you about the little Catholic, because if you're looking for beautiful faith-filled jewelry that's more than just an accessory, you should check them out. The little Catholic is a small woman-owned business that creates stunning, handcrafted jewelry that is rooted in our Catholic faith. Little Catholic believes that Catholic jewelry organically inspires faith, peace, and perspective in a unique way. Every time we look in the mirror or glance down, beauty is God's way of speaking to us here on earth. Their Catholic jewelry allows us to treasure those moments and reminders, reminders more closely that our hearts, the little Catholic jewelry, is the perfect timeless gift rich with faith and meaning, making it a perfect choice for special occasions like baptisms, confirmations, weddings, and anniversaries. And what makes these pieces even more special is that they're crafted right here in America. And right now, my viewers will get additional 25% off your order If you use promote code Candace twenty5@thelittlecatholic.com. Again, that's the little catholic.com promo code Candace 25, and you'll get 25% off your order.


Okay, J wanted to shatter the CIA into the wind. Okay? This is the New York Times, an excerpt of that. They were the one that published this in 1966. It reads Kennedy's bitterness and President Kennedy as the enormity of the Bay of Pigs disaster, came home to him, said to one of the highest officials of his administration that he wanted to splinter the CIA in a thousand pieces and scatter it to the wind because the ccia A was CIA aing trying to overthrow governments across the world. That's what we do, guys. That's what we do. Sorry to tell you If you thought that we were doing this in the interest of protecting Americans, it's just not nothing you learned in history. Class is real, okay?


And JFK made Alan Dulles resign from the CIA following the disaster of the Bay of Pigs in Cuba. Like I said, surely Alan Dulles before that must have been his own man, must have been his own man. Nobody could have been moving him, telling him to do all of these things at the CIA. Okay, stop everything because I'm telling you that no Alan Dulles was blackmailed. Okay? I gotta say this right at the top. It is shocking to me how when I'm not even trying to look into Israel, they pop up in everything I investigate as people that are blackmailing someone. Case in point, the Jit Macron story. Nothing to do with Israel outta nowhere.


For those of you that follow that story, we suddenly get to this chapter and we learn that Emmanuel Macron was being blackmailed by Israel because they wanted him to form closer relationships to, I think it was Morocco, over Algeria. Just every time I'm looking on anything, I'm like, oh, there's another story about Israel and blackmail. Completely foolish. If you don't believe that Israel blackmails people, okay? You are out of your mind, but don't take it from me. As I said, we're only using Jewish sources today, okay? And I read this article, which I think nobody has read except for me, but probably not in AMI Magazine. Now, for posterity. For posterity. 'cause I will be called Antisemite no matter what. Ami Magazine is an international news magazine that caters to the Orthodox Jewish community, okay?


It is published weekly in New York and in Israel. The magazine was launched in November of 2010 by Rabbi Frankfurter and his wife. Again, I say this only to explain to you that this information provided is not antisemitic, okay? The facts here really don't care about your religion. On February 10th, 2021, Omni Magazine published an article that blew my mind, and it was entitled, black Mailing Rockefeller, the Scandal that Helped Israel Become a State. Okay, you're in. We're paying attention now. This is crazy. In the article, the writer John Loftus reflects upon how he once upon a time co-authored a book that was called The Witness Tree.


So I'm gonna read to you what he says about that book he wrote. He writes, back in 2008, I had written a historical novel about Reuven Shilowa, okay? Remember that name? Reuven Shilowa with my Canadian friend and co-author, Brendan Howley. Our book, the Witness Tree, was fiction that was based on fact, but putting it out as a novel made it considerably easier for me to circumnavigate the sensors at the CIA. Despite five star reviews. The only copies ever published were by Random House Canada, and they are difficult to find in print. Apparently the witness tree is simply too sensitive ever to be published in America, even as fiction because it exposes the families of two CIA directors as money launderers for the Nazis.


Worse, the witness tree tells the truth about how Ruben Chilla used his knowledge of those secret Nazi connections to blackmail Nelson Rockefeller into creating the state of Israel. Oh, okay, okay, we gotta get into this. We gotta get into this. Okay, so this guy, to slow that down for you, this guy, John Loftus, published a book. He intentionally made it fiction because he knew the CIA would censor it. The book is not allowed to be published in America. I don't even know what that means. That sounds crazy to me. But he was trying to get past the CIA sensors. And so he's like, ah, I got a little story for you about the founding of Israel, and it's got to do with blackmail.


Okay? Now it's years on. John Loftus is in Massachusetts. He's working on this project about espionage in Israel, and a guy who is also in the research department comes over to him and his name is Jim. And Jim says, Hey, there's this guy Doy, who really wants to meet you. And so John's like, okay, yeah, sure, I'm happy to meet your friend Doy. And he's like, yeah, Doy is short for Dove Sheah. His father was Reuven Sheah. He writes this. Then the light bulb went on. Dove's father not only founded the Mossad, but he was also a key player in obtaining the extra votes in the United Nations that led to the creation of the state of Israel.


So you've got this guy, Reuven Shya, who founded the Mossad, okay? And he, in his book, is alleging, and I'm gonna tell you why he's not just alleging, and this seems to be a fact, that Reuven Chilla, blackmailed Nelson Rockefeller and the Dulles family in one fellow swoop over their ties to Nazis, okay? This would mean, this is when we got taken over and occupied via blackmail. These we're talking about the Rockefellers, and now you're kind of thinking in your head, Hmm, the Rockefellers. I know, I kinda remember that. They were the ones that published all of our education books. Well, imagine If you wanted to blackmail a nation, I would just, I, and now I'm speculating guys, we're gonna get into the story here.


What better way than to do it through another family, right? Like If you could figure out how to blackmail the Rockefellers, then people would go, oh, I understand power structures and the Rockefellers are publishing all these books, making us all dumb via the Department of Education. We're just being lied to about everything. But what if they were not the people that were really publishing those books? I'm asking questions. I know you're not allowed to ask questions. The NeoCon say we can't ask questions, but I'm not gonna stop asking questions, you guys. I'm like terminal, I'm terminally ill with asking questions. Okay, anyways, let's get into the story. So he is saying that what happened, and this is just a little bit about him, it was a year after I became famous again, this is the writer of this article is John Loftus.


It was a year after I became famous in 1982. I had been the subject of a double segment on the 60 Minutes News Show. It won the Emmy Award for outstanding investigative journalism as a former federal prosecutor at the Justice Department. So that's who John Loftus is, by the way, a former federal prosecutor at the Justice Department. I expose Nazi war criminals who had been hired by some US and NATO intelligence agencies. Like I've said to you, we like said all this stuff about Nazis, but then like we just hired them and brought them over Operation Paperclip. It's all crazy. Lied to about everything. For a few months I was a two bit celebrity, and then it was all forgotten.


The next year I worked at a law firm in Brockton, Massachusetts. I received a phone call inviting me to have lunch with an important Israeli scholar. Someone from the Israeli consulate would drive him down from Boston and accompany him. We met at a restaurant in Brockton. He was a charming older man, bald spot on top, white hair on the sides, and sharp as attack. We got along well and then he came to the purpose of his visit. What did I know about the un vote on the partition of Palestine? He's talking about Reuven chia. Okay, so Reuven Shilowa pays him a visit in 1982, and he wants to speak to him about the un vote on the partition of Palestine.


So he's learning this directly from the founder of the Mossad Reen Chilla. And this is the reason why flash forward years later to 2021, whenever this was publicized, maybe it was a couple years before then Reuben's son is now coming to him and being like, what'd you know about my daddy? Founder of the Mossad? Okay, let's just jump back into this narrative. Okay? So here is the story that he learned from Reuven Shawa, the founder of the Mossad. He writes, as readers of my column know, before World War ii, Alan Dulles and his brother John Foster Dulles Yaah Dulles Airport, set up a series of front companies to disguise the fact that their client, Nelson Rockefeller, had invested heavily in the Third Reich industrial complex and was supplying Hitler with oil.


Okay? I didn't know that until I read this article, but apparently the Rockefellers, all they cared about was oil and money. And they figured it out. Let's hire the best lawyers and the biz, the Dulles brothers to hide all of these transactions that allow us to supply Adolf Hitler with oil. Prescott Bush, the father of future president, George Herbert Walker Bush did as he was told and agreed to become the American fall guy sitting on the boards of half a dozen Nazi front companies as a placeholder for Rockefeller. So now this brings in the Bush family, another NeoCon dynasty, okay?


The Bushes are now involved in this. He was told to sit on the board of all of these front companies. In reality, they're just moving oil to Adolf Hitler. This is crazy. This is all crazy. What happens next? What is Ruben Shalot? Elvis guy, okay, Prescott Busch had nothing to fear sitting on the board of all these companies. Why the Dulles Brothers were the best lawyers in the world at hiding illegal investments or so they thought, you see their sister, Eleanor Dulles knew all of her brothers dirty secrets. Okay, Eleanor, it's always a woman. Eleanor was the family scandal. Look at her. Okay? Eleanor Dulles, Alan Dulles's sister, she had married a Jewish professor having a Jew in the Dulles family created a bad image for their German clients.


So like Eleanor, what are you doing? Like you're married to a Jew and we're like, you know, given oil to Adolf Hitler, this is not a good look, okay? We're not into this. You marrying a Dulles per marrying a Jewish professor. It goes on and says, Eleanor always blamed her brothers for driving her Jewish husband to then commit suicide. So she started making copies of the records concerning her brother's front companies for the Nazi money laundering, including some of the Nazi codes. According to my sources, she gave them all to a man named Reuven chia, mind blown, literally, mind blown.


I'm, you guys are like, where this, I'm going to link this story, I promise I'm to drop it right now in the chat. You can find it. I just told you Ami magazine, Google it, AMI Magazine talking about how the Masad block blackmailed in one fellow Swoop, the Bushes, the Rockefellers, and the Dulles family, okay? And he's published a book on it so you can go, you actually apparently can't get this book in America. You can, you can, it's hard to get your hands on in Canada, but you maybe would be able to find digital copy of the Witness Tree. I have not read this book by the way. I, I have only read this article and I read this article, I was mindful, blown, and genuinely I was just going like, I'm trying to talk with dots here. Like what? Like America clearly got occupied at some point and I don't understand what could have possibly happened.


Like what? How did all of these American companies suddenly become completely subjugated? And it seems like we're just consciously doing Israel's bidding and I find this article and my mind is blown. And this is not anti-Semitism, my friends, this is AMI magazine, it's very Jewish, okay? I probably wasn't even allowed to read it. I'm not an Orthodox Jew. I don't even know if I'm allowed to read it, but I read it and now you're gonna read it and things are getting crazy. So you just have to accept that these are the facts. This is not a conspiracy theory. No one can be debunk this article. So the reason why Dovey or Dovey Ruben's son was coming to Ruben was because Jim explained that Dove wanted to talk to me about his father who had died at the age of 49.


So apparently Ruben Shilo had died at the age of 49 when he was only 18 years old. When the video call started, dove said to me, I think you may know more about my dad than I do. And then he looked at him at this time, dove was really old, dove was 80 years old, and he said, how do you deny an 80-year-old man the truth about his father? So we began to talk and then he tells him about his dad and how that was then now you can look into Nelson, Rockefeller's involvement in getting, like I said, them to vote on allowing Israel to become a nation. And another piece comes together, okay? And here's my perspective. Israel's been corrupt since its founding. I don't know how anyone could deny that. And when you learn that these methods have been employed forever and that they had their hand in the CCIA via Alan Dulles directing policy, it just becomes even more crystal clear.


And like I said, they're just involved in so many blackmail scandals. Remember the Matt Gates story? Do you remember find that episode on my podcast after this? My mind was blown, blown thinking about what happened to Matt Gaetz for no reason at all, covering why Matt Gaetz is no longer going to be a part of the Trump admin. And outta nowhere we had an Israel blackmail story. I was like, why is Israel always involved in every story pertaining to blackmail? Because they've been running a very sophisticated blackmail op. That's just the reality of things. And they desperately didn't wanna register APAC so desperate. I'm not saying that this had to do with JFK's assassination, but I'm just helping you guys put pieces together by just asking questions.


Dun dun dun. How dare you ask questions. So here's, here's the truth, okay? Israel has always been interested in controlling American minds. And now when you understand that they blackmailed the Rockefeller family, which prints American books, the Rockefeller family, which is involved in American medicine, okay? You start to ask a lot more questions and the evidence is overwhelming that they've always had an investment. Of course there were ti they could, there's no way they could have survived this long without taking over our military, okay? Without taking over or blackmailing and getting involved. The Mossad and the ccia, I think they're the same body and they have been for a very long time. This is me speculating. Now take it or leave it. I really don't care. I literally do not care what name you're going to call me for thinking.


I'm going to think while I still have permission to, and as I said, I think the evidence is overwhelming in many ways. I would would say Israel has been so ahead of us in terms of understanding the importance of education and the information war and propaganda example, Wikipedia, a go-to source. Again, like I said, they just pop up everywhere a go-to source for so many people regarding what the facts are. You do a quick search, Wikipedia comes up first, and then you find out via a video of Naftali Bennett who became a prime minister, a the prime minister of Israel's. In this video I'm about to show you discussing how as soon as Wikipedia hit the map, they were infiltrating training Zionists to become the editors.


This is a real clip of a future prime minister of Israel. Take a listen With my Israel has arranged instruction day for Wiki editors. The goal of the day is to teach people how to edit in Wikipedia, which is the number one source of information today in the world as way of example, if someone searches the Gaza Flotilla, we wanna be there. We wanna be the guys who influence what is written there, how it's written, and to ensure that it's balanced and Zionist in nature. So casual. We're just like trading editors to go in there and to make sure that things are Zionist.


You know, look up anything, it's gonna be like Zionists spit on it. So it's like this is not, none of this stuff is conspiracy guys. And it's like putting together a puzzle questions that we all have about our government and why it just seems impossible for the media to tell the truth when to the truth, when anybody questions anything about the foreign state of Israel. And my goal in doing this and showing this is that I hope that people who are Jewish Americans can understand that they too are being influenced by the state. Like they too are being led to believe that. Like if they don't attack every single person who says anything about the state of Israel, there's a lot of things to critique or ask questions about that somehow they're gonna wake up one day and be in a second Holocaust.


And that's not the reality because you're American. So it's American gang gang, you just, just be American. Say rah, rah, rah, USA, you don't even wanna move there. You know, you don't. This is a great country, it's a wonderful country and we have to all stop allowing our minds to be warped by their education system. That's kind of my opinion. Anyways, I gotta read a couple of more ads. I can't wait to get to some of your guys' questions. And by the way, Trump is apparently abolishing the Department of Education. We should have more on that. Where are we at? There are so many comments that are coming


in. First I'm going to tell you guys about PureTalk because if there are two things in life that are certain it is death and taxes, well now there's a third certainty. If you're with Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, you could be saving a fortune every month by switching to PureTalk PureTalk, my cell phone company is cutting the fat from the wireless industry for just 25 bucks a month. You can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data on America's most dependable 5G network. The average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to PureTalk. That's real money back in your pocket. And with Pure Talk's US customer service team, you can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now. Go to PureTalk dot com slash owens to make a switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens to start saving today. PureTalk Wireless by Americans for Americans,


also American Financing. I don't know everyone's exact financial situation, but If you are like thousands of homeowners that American Financing speaks to every month, you're likely struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet, drowning in these this high interest debt environment. It's not your fault at all because life did in fact get more expensive. Inflation hit people hard. So if you're carrying around a credit card balance with 20% plus interest rates while your mortgages sit untouched and you're ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around, which is your home, and this is where American Financing can help you, would you trade 10 minutes of your time for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that doesn't make sense. And there are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So don't wait. Talk to American Financing today and start feeling that relief. Call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


I gotta go to the comments. I'm just dying to know what you guys thought about that story. The Ruben Chilla story. It took me out. It really did. It just took me out. I just, I, I guess I relive it with you guys here. LG writes, why did Ukraine and Israel just break the ceasefire? Are we really letting the Satanists send Western men and women to the grinder for their own interest in this war? Are we the bad guys? Yes. This is not a joke. I mean, I obviously have understood that my understanding of everything that's happening, it's like we have been employed in this military industrial complex. That's why I wanted to show you this clip of Eisenhower warning about the military industrial complex and JFK sort of lamenting the fact that this was kind of operating where we, you are living in America, where you think that we were always at war and we weren't.


There was peace in America. And that it just seems to be that we are doing the bidding for things that always seem to benefit Israel. And it's just a reality, it's a fact. I mean, they're expanding their territory and we're not expanding ours. Our borders are not safe. Our streets are not clean. And we're constantly being told like via emotional conditioning. And I think an experts information war that has been executed, I think, you know, specific journalists are always the ones that hit you. That we are the ones that have to care about what's happening over there and we simply don't. And we, we do need to make sure just as JFK said at that American University speech, that we are educated that, that we are actually educated, not brainwashed.


Most people don't even understand basic civics. And I think that is by design. I think they were intentionally dumbing down Americans, I believe intentionally created the opioid crisis. They want us dumb dopey and drugged. And all of those things that are happening now that have happened, I think are now leading people to wake up and realize that we've been infiltrated. And the best guard against this is to remember to think, remember to ask questions. Remember to conduct your own research. Even when I'm presenting you this stuff, you go fact check to all of this. Like you go look at that Omni magazine article and you run it against things and you create, you know, your own timelines and sheets of understanding and cr learning about history.


And I also wanna say it's really important to stand up for yourself when you're being called names. Who cares? Who cares? The worst thing that you could possibly be called now, I feel like is someone that believes the mainstream media. It is a compliment to be called Conspiracy Theorists. It means your brain is still working. And like I said, I'm gonna think, while it is still legal too, Juliana is writing about whether or not me and George have decided to homeschool while our kids are not old enough yet. So that decision has not officially been made, but it is still something that we are in fact looking to do. Maddie writes such a good episode, CANDACE, thank you so much. Macho writes, share this everywhere. Get Candace and the truth.


It is ev get CANDACE and the truth everywhere. Share with all of your friends, all by the way, American Jews, you are American first, not Israeli. It's not anti-Semitic to question a foreign country. Yeah, we need the, we need the American Jews to like just wake up to this and be like, I'm gonna shake them. I'm like, guys, we're not Holocaust you. We you're on our side. You're you're gang gang. We need you USA red, white and blue. Let's go. And whoever we have to go attack, you know, whenever we have to stop and end, we can do that. Like I, we gotta stop with this identity politics that they've been trying to train them to only see themselves as Jews. And it's like, no, you're Americans, you and I know tons of am tons of Jews who think, you know, think they are Americans.


And I'm kind of like painting a broad stroke here. That's, which isn't exactly fair, but you get the point is that you get people and they, they truly believe what they're reading in the media and they don't realize that they are being influenced by people who likely are accepting money to keep you constantly hysterical and to make you think that the shadows on the wall are real and they're not real. Okay, you're going with us. Pack up, get in the car, we're going for a drive. Renata writes, I would give my left foot for Candace to do a deep dive on Thomas Matthew Crooks. I like it. No way. This kid just acted alone in no social media presence at all. The more ridiculous thing with them trying to tell us it was a Ron. Like, it's just, I'm so tired of every single time Bibi Netanyahu wants to go to war with someone, they're like, oh my God.


And it's just an irony that this person that he wants us to go to war with is trying to shoot the president. Like, come on dude. You guys have been doing this for too long, Israel, it's just catching up with you. That's it. It's just, it's just catching up. That's all. It's natural. The pendulum had to swing back and it's swinging back towards Israel pretty hard right now. And you can sense the NeoCon frustration like the Bush people. That's why we call the the Bush neocons. It's 'cause well they were blackmailed according to this guy, according to John Loftus, who I am not, I am not John Loftus. Allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. No, all the people are dead. I don't have to say allegedly, I can just say, yep, they were blackmailed. No one can come for me without going through John Loftus.


And I don't even know if John Loftus is still alive. I actually have not looked up much about him at all. I don't even know how I came across this article. I'm completely crazy. I don't even know how I end up on these websites. I don dunno what goes on. I have no idea what goes on. Anyways, Laura Graham writes, thanks for speaking. T-R-U-T-H Canis do not back down. They will cry antisemitism not, and let you guys also know that we believe that everyone's screaming antisemitism. But the more I look at it, it's a small group of people that just have platforms and we just shouldn't get caught up in believing that. It's like, I don't know, none of my relationships with my Jewish friends has changed at all. We just have conversations. I think most people are more like an Andrew Schultz kind of Jewish person. Like he, it's like whatever, like, you know, it's, they're not as invested in Israel as the media would have you believe.


But like I said, they have always understood how important the media was. And as you get further into understanding Project Mockingbird, the New York Times, you know, the Pulitzer Prize, all of these families who were like, you know, working with the CIA, some, you know, invested in Israel and it's a small group of people that have amassed, I think a lot of power via blackmail. And there's no question, no question that our congressman are blackmailed. Like I, I look at something, I'm like, Lindsey Graham, obviously blackmailed, come on. So easy. And yeah, I think they look for potential future leaders, even in college. I think it's a very sophisticated blackmail network because I just keep coming across it. How much trouble am I in?


Am I in Like, like, am I so dead? Skylar Mark? Like should I just like end this live immediately? How, how? Okay. Scale of one to 10 Mark, how much trouble am I in? Darn. Oh my gosh. Amazing. Well, I, I, this is, if it helps Mark's Jewish, please leave me alone. Mark, tell him how Jewish you are, please. Oh my God. Someone said Andrew Schultz is not Jewish. I thought he was Jewish. I think he is Jewish. Wow. I just assumed I Why? I said thought somebody told me that. Thank you Live chat for clarifying that. Anyways, the point being is we've gone through a lot today and yes, share this, I will be in trouble.


There will be a lot of articles written about me, but the people that watch it will know exactly what I said and why I said it. And If you would like to support me, you can go to Candace Owens dot com. You can give a donation, you can sign up, you can join the book club. These are the kinds of books that we're reading. Just putting little pieces together here and looking at a picture wondering if America has been, you know, occupied since the sixties or even before, I guess. I don't know when this guy, yeah, yeah, maybe like since before then sometime in the fifties about about when Eisenhower was warning us. And by the way, LBJ, this is also why I don't believe in the moon landing, because LBJ did that as a distraction. So he could just do things with Henry Kissinger.


But I'll say that whole conspiracy theory for another day and by another day, I mean you can go back and past episodes and just look up Candace Owens, NASA and it'll pop up because I've already spoken about it. 'cause I literally don't care what anybody thinks about me. I am very proud to share these stories with the American people and abroad all across the world. All Right guys. Love you forever. I have bad news. We're not gonna be on air tomorrow because I have a very big day personally. Something really big is happening. I'll probably share that on my Instagram. I'm very excited about it. It's a very good day to take off. I'm sad that I can't speak with you guys 'cause you guys are telling me that Blake Lively has filed a dismissal and there's no one that could go through those documents but me and do it the right way and do it justice. But we'll be off air tomorrow.


So we will see you guys on Monday. I love you forever. And defend me in the comments 'cause they're gonna come for me hard after this. You guys better be in the comments like crazy. Love you forever. See you on Monday.