
All Right, guys. Happy Monday. Obviously, we are jumping onto the stream here early because I am fired up. I have been fired up, fired up. 'cause I'm looking at people's tweets on X the things that they're saying about the, the fall of Syria. People know nothing. I'm tired of the mainstream media lying about what's going on there. I'm tired of castrated Christianity in the West. People not understanding that Christians are being masked, slaughtered. And it's intentional. It's all intentional. I'm tired of neocons. So this is gonna be an episode. We're gonna call out some of these NeoCon takes on what's happening as if it's a good thing. It's a good thing for nobody. But Israel, it's very clear. It's a good thing for nobody. But Israel, and I have somebody sitting with me here who is an expert on the topic.


So we're not even gonna do an intro today. I am just going to say, Scott Horton, welcome to the Candace Show. Thank you so much for having me. It's great to be here with you. So you're an expert on this stuff. And so what I want you to really do is, there are so many Americans, and I count myself among them previously who don't even understand what's happening in the Middle East. Like we're a generation nine 11. We're a generation every single day on our TV screens, we're being told, we're fighting terror. We're scared when we're at the airport. We're suddenly taken off our shoes, our belts, looking at people funny if they have dark skin, wondering whether or not they're gonna blow up our planes. Truly like Stalin level propaganda taking place in our school systems to remind us of nine 11 every single day, having to stand up.


And at nine 11 in my school, and a moment of silence to remember, you know what, these jihadists did this terrible thing that they did. And then I grew up and I realized everything we learned in school is a lie. I'm looking around at our country, it's in managed decline. They're telling us that we, we have to keep fighting terror, fighting terror. We're spreading democracy. And none of this stuff is adding up anymore. So I wanna slow walk because you are an also an expert on Russia. You wrote this book that I'm holding right here called Provoked. I want you to explain to my listeners, and I mean dumb this down, like this is the best way to learn. I want people to feel invited. You don't need to be an expert on Middle Eastern politics to understand what happened, when, why, and how did America get involved in Syria?


Well, let's go back further. Okay? I think everybody in your audience knows about operations Cyclone in Afghanistan in the 1980s. We've all seen Rambo three. Yeah, but let's, Let's assume we don't. I'm born in 89. Okay? I know about Afghanistan now. Okay, But let's, so let's go back. Let's Assume everybody knows nothing. Okay? Yeah. So in 1979, there's an Islamist Revolution in Iran, and the Shiites take power. Very importantly, it's the Shiite clerics, the Mullah, as they call 'em, the Ayatollah Khomeini Khomeini who took power. Now, they usually leave out the fact that he was living in France and exile at the time. And it was Jimmy Carter's State Department of CIA who said, we know this guy.


He's a friend of ours. He helped us overthrow the government back in 1953. We can deal with him. So the Carter government asked the French to put him on the plane and send him back to Iran, where he inherited the revolution against the American sock, puppet dictator, the Shah Reza Pavi, who was forced to flee. He was dying of cancer anyway, and he was forced to flee. Now, most people say your father's generation, for example, all they remember is the Iranians saying Great Satan and burning American flags. But what happened was, and that's the Iranian revolution, but that wasn't until November. The original revolution was in February. And for 10 months, America was still getting along with the new Ayatollah's regime.


It wasn't until Jimmy Carter on advice or request from David Rockefeller invited the Shaw into the United States for cancer treatment. And that sent the signal to the revolutionaries that America was going to try to reinstall him on the throne. That was when they sacked the embassy and took the hostages. And that's the part everyone remembers now. But there was 10 months between the revolution and the hostage taking, not to excuse the hostage taking, but just to say this wasn't necessarily an anti Iranian rev, anti-American revolution. In the first place, like I say, was a old friend of America's who was in charge. And very importantly, and this is in the book, treacherous Alliance by Treat a Parsi, which I urge you and your entire audience to read, it's one of the most important books about the Middle East you'll ever read.


And it's all told from the point of view of the American Israeli and Iranian strategists at the highest level, of course, the poor Iraqis are just stuck in the middle. But we'll get to that. But, so the Iranian revolution happens in 79. Carter is humiliated by the hostage crisis. So he announces the Carter Doctrine in his State of the Union speech in 1980, okay? Which says, America will now treat the Persian Gulf as an American lake, and if any other power threatens it, read the Soviet Union, we will go to war. In other words, even though we just lost Iran and the people in charge are now mad at us and just took our hostages, we're essentially giving them a war guarantee that if the Soviet Union invades Iran, we will stop them because we won't let them take over the Gulf.


And then as part of that same doctrine, they started building up bases throughout the Gulf, and they gave the green light to Saddam Hussein who had just used power. So America is, is, is building up now bases, right? We're talking about the early eighties. We start building bases all around and Still Carter, right? 79 80. Okay? Because he lost in 80. So this is like his last year in office. Okay? So we start building up and he gives the green light to Saddam Hussein who had just ceased power in a bloody coup in Iraq. He gives him the green light to invade Iran. Okay? Now, why does Saddam Hus, No, this is very important because generation nine 11 here, all we are ever told Saddam Hussein, oh, he is crazy. He is a dictator. You know, everyone kinda gets that treatment in the end. And I had to remind people that listening to this podcast, no, this used to be an ally.


All of these people that you're hearing are dictators, Gaddafi, they were allies to the United States Before they got back Stabbed, before they got backs stabbed, right? So now you're bringing us to Saddam Hussein, right? He gets the green light from America, right? And they're like, do your thing. Like we, we actually want you to invade. Exactly right? So they help him to invade, and they fought essentially a, a stalemate, a horrible stalemate war all through the 1980 who's fighting Saddam Hussein's Iraq versus the Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran. Okay? And America was backing Iraq, which was armed with all Soviet weapons against Iran that was all armed with American weapons. Wait, Wait, say that again. So America is backing. America had been supporting Iran until the revolution.


So that was why they were flying F fours and F fourteens and fighting with American weapons, where Saddam Hussein's military had been built up by the Soviet Union. Okay? But he had just been brought into the American fold. Okay? So it's America backing a Soviet army against an American army. Got it in. Amazing. Isn't it crazy? So this is just, they're only just beginning to switch sides back and forth in the war. Now, okay, now at the same time this is going on, the Soviet Union invades Afghanistan, the Americans, and we know this, I demonstrate this in my previous book And so forth. They increase support for the mujahideen forces fighting against the Soviet Union in order to provoke them into invading.


The thinking was we just had, Vietnam became shorthand for a terrible thing that you should not have done. So they said, we just gave ourselves a Vietnam. Now let's give the Soviet Union their own Vietnam in Afghanistan by luring them in, plead them to bankruptcy, forcing 'em out the long way and the hard way. And truly, I don't think anyone could argue Democrats and Republicans agree. And I think I do too. This was one of the major things that helped to destroy the Soviet Union. It was one of the straws that broke the Camel Spac of the Ka. USSR was this fool's errand in Afghanistan trying to coin a phrase, trying to prop up the communist government there.


Now, very importantly, part of that effort was backing not just the local Afghan mujahideen, but a whole new group of mercenaries who are called the Arab Afghan Army, or the international Islamist brigades. These, this is the A Islam group that became the Bin Laden group. These are the international terrorists. Saudis, Syrians, Libyan, even some Palestinians. Aza was a Palestinian who'd been living in a refugee camp in Kuwait. Why was he living in a refugee camp? Okay, we'll get back to that. Anyway, these Arab mercenaries ended up becoming under the control of Osama Bin Laden, which merged the Is Islam Group with what was then called Egyptian Islamic Jihad was under the Control.


So just to slow it down, people that are listening. So we are arming rebels because we're essentially fighting a proxy war with a Soviet Union. They're in Afghanistan making a terrible mistake. We see it as an opportunity. A lot of this has really just been a proxy war with Russia. We'll get to that later. And this now brings in, so first we're, we're back in Saddam Hussein. We're gonna find out later that he's actually actually a terrible evil dictator and a terrorist. Now we're back in Osama Bin Laden. Yeah. Right, right. He's, he's, we, we've got these people, these Jihadists, we're giving them money, we're giving them weapons, and we're going, this is good for us. And Hillary Clinton admits this on tape years later, Mujahideen, we funded all of these rebels and then we declared them problematic in the future, right? So now we've got Osama Bin Laden in the mix.


What happens? What, what's what happens in Afghanistan? Right? Okay. And, and people can reference, there's a movie in a book called Charlie Wilson's War, all about this as well. Ram three I like to mention, 'cause there's some funny anecdotes in that, in the, the conversation that he, he, Colonel Troutman, Rambo's hero Rambo's leader says, we already had our Vietnam, now you're gonna have yours. Right? Like, that was exactly what they were doing there. Okay? So, and they're supporting, again, not just the Afghans, but this international Islamist group. Okay? So now it's the end of the 1980s. The Iran Rock War comes to a negotiated settlement. The line really hasn't even moved.


The war's essentially over as a stalemate. The Afghan War comes to an end, the Soviets withdrawal. And it takes the Mujahideen about another two years to finish killing off the Communists in Kabul. Okay? Now, Saddam Hussein has a problem with Kuwait and Saudi and UAE. They're all calling in his war debts from the Iran or Rock War, but he can't pay them off. 'cause oil's trading at about $10 a barrel. He's making no money whatsoever. And he's got the Kuwaits or slant drilling from the shared Mia oil field on the Iraq Kuwait border. And they have quotas on how much you're allowed to produce. Same as like West Texas. We own adjacent property on the ground. But we have a shared well beneath, well, we have a quota, how much we're allowed to produce each month and not cheat each other.


Otherwise, you get your knees broke. That's West Texas rules. Well, the Kuwaits were cheating. So James Baker, the Secretary of State, told Saddam Hussein, well go ahead and break their legs. Those are the rules. See if I care. And everyone can read this in the April Glassby memo. She was, there's the Iraqi version of it that was published in the New York Times. But then thanks to Julian Assange, we have the State Department version of the memo as well, where she says, in no uncertain terms, that we are slightly concerned about your military movements toward Kuwait. And gee, we really think that we would prefer If you wouldn't do something like that, because we sure don't want to have a war with you.


Which was at the very best, a mixed signal, a flashing yellow light to go ahead and invade. And g glassby, and people can check me on this G Glassby later told the New York Times, well, we didn't think he was gonna take the whole country. He was supposed to just take the northern oil fields, break their legs, make 'em pay the price, but he got carried away and went all the way to the coast. So we're against signaling, Hey, you're our ally. Do what you have to do. Take over the oil fields. We're obviously being motivated by just wanting to potentially buy oil from him. I mean, what, what's the, what's the motivation there to keep supporting Saddam? Well, so yeah, that's part of it is they, you know, the, the oil majors in Houston, they get along fine with him.


They don't care who's in charge. Right? As long as the oil's pumping and it, I described in the book, my best research on this is, this is not deliberate, but the way it worked was the CIA and central command in the region. Were telling the Kuwaiti, you don't have to take this from Saddam Hussein. Tell 'em to piss off. Hmm. While at the same time the State Department was telling Saddam Hussein, you don't have to take that guff from them. Go ahead and break their knees. Hmm. Meanwhile, at the Defense Department, and I'll give him credit, deputy Secretary of Defense for policy, Paul Wolfowitz was terrified and tried to stop it. And he convinced Secretary of Defense, Cheney to convince Bush Sr. To send a letter to Hussein to try to stop him.


But the letter wasn't worded strongly enough. So they tried to send another one, but it was too late. The troops were already rolling. So I don't think that they were deliberately tricking Saddam into doing this. It's essentially just the empire is too big, right? And has too many different departments and they're not coordinated enough. So on one hand, we're telling the Kuwaiti to stick it to 'em. We're telling Saddam, you don't have to take that. And then the guys of the Defense Department who are alarmed and trying to stop it, they're too little too late to stop it. And then once he invades though, Colin Powell, who is the chairman of Joint Chiefs of staff at the time, announces that we've decided as long as he doesn't move on Saudi Arabia, it'll be fine. And we've warned him, just don't you try to move on Saudi Arabia. But three days later they changed their mind. So I'm getting too bogged down the details here.


I'll try to go faster. Margaret Thatcher from Britain says, no, you have to go. 'cause she's got investments in Kuwait. And Kuwait has investments in British debt. And So it was British interest really, that Thatcher accused Bush Sr. Of being a wimp. She said, don't you go wobbly on me bush, meaning you can't be less of a man than me. And so he said, yeah, you're right. And so he said, this will not stand and we're going to war. And then they spent the rest of 1991 refusing to negotiate when they could have, because at that point they'd thrown down the gauntlet. Now they have to have a war. Now, your audience, everyone remembers Iraq War One Desert Storm, the Gulf War Yellow Ribbon, as this great success, our space age technology versus their caveman status.


We can fly our missiles right down their chimneys and in their windows. That was actually only about 2% of the bombs drop. But that's what they showed us on tv, these super smart bombs. And everybody thinks it was a great success. But here's the rub. This is why I'm telling this story. At the end of Iraq War, one Bush Sr. And his men encouraged the Shiites to rise up and overthrow Saddam Hussein. Now remember I said Saddam Hussein had invaded Iran 10 years before, but okay, Jimmy Carter gave him the green light. But why did he want to do it? Well, he wanted to do it because Saddam Hussein was a secular Sunni sitting on a bot. This dictatorship ruling over a super majority Shiite population, 60% Shiite Arabs, all the land from Baghdad to Iran and down to Kuwait is predominantly Shiite.


They were mixed, but it's predominantly Shiite territory. Another 20% of the Kurds in the north, and then the Sunnis are another 20%. And they were dominant. So Hussein was afraid when this Shiite revolution took hold in Iran, that the Shiite population of Iraq, they might now choose their religious sect over their nationality and their ethnicity as Iraqis and Arabs. And they might side with the Shiites in Iran and try to wage an Islamist revolution in Iraq. So that was why he started the war. So he could conscript them all and force them to go to war with Iran rather than against him. Got it. Okay. So now it's 10 years later, America's just invited him into Kuwait and forced him back out again.


And now Bush and his men Bush Sr. And his men encourage the Shiites to rise up and overthrow Saddam Hussein. Have you ever seen the movie Three Kings? No. It's got Ice Cube and Marky Mark and Clooney. And it takes place in the aftermath of the Iraq War. Some of your audience may have seen it. It's a gold heist. But that's the setting is the aftermath. And what's happening is the Iraqis are crushing the SUNY insurgency and forcing the refugees into Iran. What happened? What happened was Bush encouraged them and then he betrayed them. He left them high and dry like the Bay of picks to be stabbed in the back and killed. A hundred thousand of 'em were massacred. He let Saddam Hussein keep his tanks and his helicopters to put down the insurrection that he had encouraged.


Why? The answer is because the Iraqis who had chosen Iran's side in the Iran Iraq war and had defected to Iran and even fought for Iran in the Iran or Iraq War, they were now coming across the border from Iran to lead the revolution. They were about to get Baghdad to Tehran. And so they went, oh no, we just literally, the Bush senior men were the same men who had run the Reagan administration. It was the successor administration under, you know, vice President Bush became President Bush. So other than Cheney Baker and Powell and Eagle Berger and, and Sko Croft, all of these men had been in the Reagan years. So they said, oh no, we just spent a decade supporting Saddam to contain the Iranian Shiite revolution.


Now we are the ones importing it into Iraq. So they panicked and they called it off. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. So Saddam crushed them, but then they said, oh no, well we can't let 'em get away with that. So this became the excuse candidates then to stay. Now we have to have no fly zones. Now we have to permanently enforce the blockade against Iraq, never lift the sanctions until Saddam is gone because of his cruelty. And we have to continue to enforce the blockade and these no-fly zones in Iraq from bases in Saudi Arabia. And that was the primary motivating factor for turning the Arab Afghan army that America had sponsored in Afghanistan into wanting to attack the United States of America.


They started attacking the United States in 1992 at a Radisson hotel in, I forget if it was in aid, in or in Sana, in Yemen. Then in 1993, they tried to blow up the World Trade Center the first time that was essentially proto Al-Qaeda. It was Egyptian Islamic Jihad. And yes, the FBI could have stopped it, but it wasn't just a sting that they made happen as we're used to. They just fumbled the ball when they could have been heroes and they blew it. But why were these terrorists even in the country? 'cause the CIA let 'em in, because they're friends of ours, they helped us fight the war in Afghanistan. We like these guys. Then they attacked and killed our National Guardsmen in Saudi Arabia in 1995, or pardon me, trainers trained the Saudi National Guard in 1995.


Then they attacked the Cobar Towers killed 19 American airmen, 19 American airmen whose job it was to bomb Iraq from bases in Saudi. That was, who was targeted Bin Laden, took credit for it. What did America do? They blamed it on Iran. They said it was Iranian back Shiite, Saudi Hezbollah that did it. Yeah. Right. It was Bin Laden and his men who did it, and they were trying to send the message, get off of our Holy Arabian Peninsula, stop bombing and blockading Iraqis from bases on our Holy Peninsula. It's not just their country, but it's where their religion was born. Mecca Medina and all this. So that was the message. But they denied it to the American people that this is what's going on here. Oh, we could have just bombed, you know, we could have had Tom Cruise just bomb 'em from the Navy in the Gulf.


Do we have to have bases on the ground in Saudi Arabia? Bombing 'em from the Gulf is bad enough, but like, just 'cause the Air Force has to, or the Navy has to share with the Air Force is why we're doing this. Why are we doing this? Mm, right. Then they attacked the SS coal in 2000 and eventually September 11. Now this whole time Bill Clinton is still backing these guys. He supports their side, not directly to them in the, in, in the way of the Afghanistan war, but pretty close. He's certainly backing their side in Bosnia, Kosovo and Chetna. He's working with the Brits and the Saudis to back these mujahideen. And in the case of the Balkans, it's against the Serbs who are the ethnic and religious kin and close allies of the Russians.


By the way, they were the ones who fought on our side against the Nazis in World War ii. Right? And rescued 500 down American pilots, by the way. But the Balkan Wars, the Bosnia War, and then the Kosovo War of 1999, that was at the expense of the Russians and they backed literal bin Laden knights in those wars and then also in Chechnya. So what we're seeing is just a trend over decades in which the United States is not getting their hands dirty, sending over weapons, supplies, money, funding these, these insurgents, and then suddenly deciding when they wanna determine that they are actually terrorists and nevermind and forget everything. And suddenly we pretend like we're the heroes because we're going to get rid of them after they've accomplished whatever it's they want to accomplish in the Middle East.


And then, so back to September 11th for one second here. So you might remember the story of Colleen Rally, who was the Time Magazine person of the year in 2002. She was an FBI lawyer at the Minneapolis office and they got a call from a flight school. We have a guy here named Aui. He wants to know how to fly a jumbo jet, but he's not interested in how to take off or land. And he keeps talking about flying from Heathrow to New York. One of the FBI agents just speculated this guy I think is trying to hit the World Trade Center. So the FBI agents asked their bosses in Washington dc Michael Maltby was one of 'em. I forget the other guy's name. May we please have permission to get a FSA warrant to search this guy's computer.


Now, FSA warrant, as you know from the Carter Page episode and all the rest of this stuff, is a much lower standard of evidence than the Fourth Amendment probable cause to find evidence of a crime. All they have to do is say, judge, we have reason to believe that this person is an agent of a foreign power or a foreign terrorist group. And they can rubber stamp, they can search whatever they want. They can go on a full fishing expedition. Right? Well, the FBI asked the French and the French said, we know this guy, him and his brother are both recruiters for Alqaeda in Chechnya. So the, the Minneapolis office of the FBI said, the guy's a recruiter for Al-Qaeda in Chechnya. And they said, we like Alqaeda in Chechnya, Alqaeda and Chena aren't bad guys. They're not terrorists.


Why They're nationalists and patriots and freedom fighters. So if Muss connected to them, that's not good enough for a FISA warrant. Well, turns out after September 11th, they still refuse after the attack. They still refuse until later that afternoon, the head of the CIA said, well, I wanna know what's in that guy's computer tenant did. So finally they gave him their warrant and they opened his computer. And what'd they do immediately? They traced his contacts to the hijackers in Florida. They could have stopped the September 11th attack if it had not been for their sympathy for the bin Laden knights in Chechnya and who were run by Qab and Basayev who were both Osama bin Laden's Men.


Yeah, I, I mean I'm of the camp that I think nine 11 was a total false flag event and it was because they wanted to go to war in the Middle East like never before. I actually thought that before it happened. And then now I don't. You don't? No, I don't, I really think that what they do is they think they're so smart, they create these Frankenstein monsters and then they go crazy and they don't have control of them. Interesting. And they can't protect us from the monsters that they create. Yeah. I think there's just the too many things that they ignored that day that just make no sense. And like, you know, the things that they've never really explained, like why Mossad was on the ground that day, like recording things, questions that they won't answer and they shut down. And then like there's a clip of, you know, Bibi Netanyahu saying, but nine 11 was great for Israel. It's day, all this stuff gets really weird.


Yeah, He said that to the New York Times the day of. Yeah. And it wasn't just like they reported that they heard that somewhere. He said that in an interview with the New York Times. It's very good. Yeah. And there was, there was another young woman as well who, who was Israeli on the ground day was like, this is very good for Israel. And that kind of tends to be a theme where we keep hearing that this is very good for Israel. We heard this last night, we had commentators coming out and, and celebrating this, you know, that this is gonna be really good for Israel and that this is a great time to pivot into really Syria, because how does this, now we, we've kind of gotten into the background. How does this lead up into Syria? Okay, so in 1996, Richard Pearl and David Wormer and Douglas Fife wrote an important piece called a Clean Break, a new strategy for securing the Realm.


Well, they're all American neoconservatives. They wrote it for Benjamin Netanyahu, who was then the incoming prime minister of Israel for the first time in 1996. It was really Worms or as the principle author, he wrote a companion piece called, called Coping with Crumbling states. And then a book actually called Tyranny Ally Embellishing the same thing. We've gotta get rid of Saddam Hussein. Now, what I'm about to tell you sounds completely stupid and crazy. That's because it is. But here's the thinking, okay? It goes just like this. Israel wants to steal all the Palestine, but they can't because they gotta deal with Hezbollah on their northern border causing a problem. They want to overthrow the Oslo Accord the Peace two-state solution deal.


They don't want a two-state solution. They want peace through strength and dominance of all their neighbors. That's the clean break. We're throwing out Oslo, we're going full laco. Okay? But we have a problem, which is Iran uses Syria to arm Hezbollah, okay? And we have to break that chain. Syria is the keystone in the arc of Iranian power, of Shiite power. Now the Assads are Allah whites, which is separate. It's sort of a mix, but it's considered like a offshoot of the Shiites. And they're very close to the Shiites and, and clearly were allies with Iran, even though they were bist, they were allies with the Iranians.


And they, it's true, were the bridge basically between Iran and Hezbollah for armed shipments And so forth. But here's where it gets completely stupid. David Wormer says, you know how to solve this problem. We gotta get rid of Saddam Hussein in Iraq. Secular Sunni Saddam Hussein. He's the roadblock in the Shiite Crescent, the Ark of Iranian power. He's the blocker. Why do you wanna get rid of him? Ah, it's because they're stupid. And they believe the lies of an Iranian, pardon me, an Iraqi exile named Ahmed Chalabi, who is just shining them on. He knew that they're loyal to Israel first. These neoconservatives, that's all they cared about.


So I, and we're, we're gonna get into Israel first. We're gonna have to cut, cut to a quick ad because now we've got bi and Yahoo in the mix. Okay, so he sees, I, I wanna take over Palestine. He has said this and we're gonna show clips because otherwise people will call it anti-Semitic conspiracy theories. If you don't actually show Bibi Netanyahu in his own words being covered by the Israeli press.


But first guys, I wanted to throw it to one of our sponsors, PreBorn, because we know that every baby's life is a precious skits full of potential and dreams waiting to unfold. This is why PreBorn, the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies. PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources that they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers throughout the two years after birth. All at no cost. As abortion continues to rise, PreBorn is expanding their life, affirming care to help more hurting women and save more babies. If you have the means, would you please consider giving a gift to save a baby in a very big way? Your tax deductible donation of 15,000 will place an ultrasound machine in a woman's center saving countless lives for years to come. And now through, I don't know what we're supposed to put a month there, your gift will be doubled now through March. I think maybe your gift will be doubled. Donate dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Okay, so BB night and Yahoo Laud party, I, I would just say the neocons in America are just an extension of the laud party. I think that's fair to say. Like they're literally just obviously loyal to the Likud party first. And let's just talk about that right now for a minute. And by the way, I don't wanna accuse anybody of dual loyalty. I think they're loyal to Israel. Wanna be clear, you're not dual, you're just loyal to Israel at the expense of Americans dying. Christians dying. You are loyal to Israel. It's very clear. And BB net and Yahoo has a lot of minions here, a lot of minions throughout apac, a lot of minions in the press who essentially are now taking part in this leftist tactic of smearing and libeling people who are looking at this and going, this is ridiculous. Right? Right. You are arming militants, you are supporting militants, you're accusing us of being terrorist sympathizers when bibb net and Yahoo literally supported Hamas because he never was okay with the idea of a two-state solution.


Skyler, do you actually have that screenshot from Hartz of them covering Bibb Netanyahu's speech? I think I I I dropped it in there. It's just a, yeah, har here it is this, this is Harts, this is an Israeli publication quoting Bibb Netanyahu. Anyone who wants to thwart the establishment of a Palestine state has to support bolstering Hamas and transferring money to Hamas. Netanyahu told his Likud parties Nest members in March of 2019. This is part of our strategy. So you have this man, this kills me because now you have these neocons and these Judeo Christians who were like, oh my gosh. Like, you know, how dare you say like they call us terrorist sympathizers. This man literally said arm them, give them money.


It's part of our strategy to block the idea of a two-state solution. He never want two-state solution. He's on record saying he never want two-state solution. He wants Palestine like that. Like he's been very clear on the fact Gaza's gotta go, west Bank has got to go. And so now you have this guy, he gets more power and you're saying he's looking at this plan here. He's like, okay, well a problem is Syria. Syria is a problem by the way guys, every single country that this bank gets on a platform and tells America to invade, we invade. We invade like from from Libya to Somalia, Somalia to Iraq, to any anything that he says we do. So he's got a lot of power, not just in Israel, but also in the United States of America.


Absolutely. He basically dictates, I would argue, our foreign policy. Yeah, in many ways. And listen, I have to say, I appreciate the way that you use the term neoconservative narrowly there. People say NeoCon like it just means a conservative nowadays or it means a hawk. But the neoconservatives are really like no more than 100 people. It's a very small group of essentially, yes, Israel firsters and they came from the Trotskyite left. And part of being a Trotskyite in the kind of post World War II era was, well they hated Stalin. 'cause Stalin killed Trotsky and plus they were Americans. So it made sense for them to side with America and the Cold War. In fact, I brought you a president here.


This is reclaiming the American right by my mentor Justin Raimondo, who was the founding editorial director of anti-war dot com. And this is the history of the real American conservative movement that was supplanted by the neocons and how it was done. And you had essentially these few different avenues from Troskey through the National Review, through the social Democrats, USA, through Leo Strauss and Albert Walsteader at the University of Chicago through the Pot Horts is Commentary magazine and others. And these are basically the men who became what we call the neo-conservatives. Yeah. The men who saw, They're not conservatives, they've just infiltrated the con, the true conservative that's left their first that's left.


Yeah, they're leftists. They, they were. And you now see that because on the topic of Israel, they behave leftists. It's the exact same tactics of BLM, You know, smearing trying to ruin people's lives, calling for censorship. And you, you go, wait a second, you're not a conservative at all. How did you get here? Why do you have a platform? And we need to get these people out of our party immediately, right? They should have absolutely no power and no platform. So, okay, so now he's got a plan and Syria has to go, right? Assad is the president and by the way, lived his life, quite admirably, was a dentist. This guy comes into power. And I, I wanna show people this clip because it's so funny to hear about these evil dictator leaders through the lens of the mainstream media, which is controlled by too many of these ProSites, in my opinion on the conservative side.


But I'm gonna show you this clip and I'm just gonna read over it because obviously you guys will not be able to understand it as he's speaking his language. This is what he said in 2020, addressing a, a group of clerics at the mosque in Damascus about neoliberalism. This is a shaad who the evil dictator in which we just overthrew take a listen and I will speak over it. Okay? So he's saying the basis and he's talking about neoliberalism here, the basis of its methodology is to market the neoliberalism. Neoliberalism is based on promoting a total moral degeneracy and separate man from any principles, values, or beliefs for reaching his goals.


And as an example of this process, modern liberals are those who marketed homosexuality and made gay marriage legal. They saw it in the 1970s and now through marketing gradually until they were able to make it legal and now they have children. But it's different from adopting because how can they have children? Modern liberalism has promoted the idea that the child does, does not get to choose his own religion by himself. And that there is therefore it is against the child's freedom of expression that the child must therefore choose his own religion when he's grown up. Although this is a contradiction of human nature because ever since there were manmade gods in religion, a child would instinctively be attached to his family's heritage.


Modern liberals contradict humanity themselves. I think it was in the last year or So, it has recently been reported that marijuana is not harmful and now it's sold in shops legally drugs have now become not harmful and now they're sold publicly and later they will find something more harmful to sell. This is neoliberalism and now claims that a child is born with neither male nor female, gender, neither male or female because he gets to choose later on whether he is male or female. This is supposed to be a great thing, of course. So what are we to make of this? What we should understand is that neoliberalism targets our humanity and it therefore contradicts with religion because religions serve humanity. While neoliberalism separates humans from their values.


That's the evil dictator that we just armed militants Israel, armed militants. And I'm gonna show you guys that again, we're gonna give you proof of that because otherwise we will be told that we are anti-Semitic. So actually let's roll that clip now, Skylar, I'll tell you exactly which clip it is of yeah. Of the IDF minister. I think admitting that. Yeah, we armed the Syrian rebels. Take a listen In a shocking change of policy. Now, former IDF chief of staff got the Eisen cot revealed on Sunday to the British Sunday Times newspaper that Israel has indeed been supplying weapons and funding to Syrian rebel groups in the Golan Heights. These claims have been made many times throughout the years, but this is the first time an Israeli official has confirmed such reports.


And it came on the same day that Eisen Cott admitted responsibility for striking quote thousands of targets in Syria as well. Until now, Israel has only ever discussed humanitarian aid shipments and programs like Operation Good neighbor. Earlier this week, prime minister and defense Minister be Netanya also broke with Israel's tradition of ambiguity in Syria. By adding to Eisen Kat's comments, he confirmed not only that Israel carried out hundreds of attacks against Iranian and Hezbollah targets, but also that Israel struck Damascus international airport last weekend a break from policy that at the time was considered just a campaign ploy in his interview with the British Sunday Times. However, Eisen continued that the weapons shipments to rebel groups consisted of light munitions for self-defense.


While a September report by Foreign Policy magazine quoted alleged Syrian rebel leaders and soldiers as saying Israel was arming and funding at least a dozen different groups to prevent Iranian and Iranian proxy forces from advancing southward. In fact, foreign policy wrote that Israel transferred assault rifles, machine guns, mortar launchers vehicles and more. That being said, rebel groups in the region still reportedly feel abandoned by Israel, both due to the lack of Israeli intervention during Assad's recapturing of Syrian territory. And due to the discontinuing of Israeli military and humanitarian aid that followed, Let's follow this up, Skylar. Let, let's pull in the Jerusalem post headline of Israel. 'cause this is what they first try to say. We're treating the Al-Qaeda fighters, it's humanitarian.


This is a Jerusalem post Israel treating Al-Qaeda fighters that are wounded in the Syrian Civil War. Then of course, like we just showed you fast forward and they admitted, yeah, no, we're arming them and we're helping them because it helps us. And so it's just amazing to see neocons today. Yep. Pretend like oh it's a great thing that Assad fell and now Israel's gonna hit Syria because you know, there's so many terrorists that we funded that Israel funded alongside America gets me so angry. It really gets me so angry. Well remember what you said about it America does with Netanyahu once, well it was Netanyahu who wanted America to go to Iraq. Now w Bush wanted to go to Iraq too and Rumsfeld and Cheney had their own reasons, but it was Paul Wolfowitz and them saying, yes sir boss, we gain this out and it's gonna be great.


You gotta do it. But they were representing Benjamin Netanyahu's interest there. And interestingly, Ariel Sharon was the prime minister at the time. Netanyahu was his rival within Lako. But the Neoconservatives in America, they were Netanyahu ski. And even though Sharon hated Iran more, and he eventually did get on board and help lie us in a war as well into Iraq, Wari. Now rock wari, oh, I was gonna say about the clean break. So the thinking in the clean break was once America or Israel overthrows Saddam Hussein, then even though they have a super majority Shiite population, they'll be dominated by us. They'll do whatever we say and then they will force Hezbollah to stop being friends with Iran, which is completely crazy and stupid and didn't happen when they invaded, what'd they do?


They picked up right where Bush Sr. Left off and they brought the Shiite Revolution all the way to Baghdad led by the Iraqi traitors who had chosen Iran side in the Iran or Rock War. Now it's 20 years later instead of 10. And these are the men that bush puts in power. So your childhood there, your young adulthood there where it's a rock War ii, eight years, a brutal fighting in a Iraq War II 2003 through eight or 11 If you count it there, that was America fighting a civil war for Iran's side. Okay, so now picture your piece of paper. You got your ledger on Iran's side is teran them and then Damascus and Hezbollah. Well we just added Baghdad to their side of the ledger.


Our alliance is the SUNY side, the SUNY Kings of Arabia plus Turkey and of course Israel, right? So in other words, the neocons and George W. Bush listening to the advice of Benjamin Netanyahu scored a massive, what they call in soccer an own goal for their regional rivals, the Iranians. So then they figured it out. And this is the great article. It's such an important Article. Wait, he's saying that that's the real reason we went to Iraq. 'cause you're correct, there's a clip of bibe net and Yahoo, which Skylar, you can let me know If you can find it. When he gets in, he, he's the one that literally says they have weapons of mass destruction and then all of a sudden, and he can verify our state department is repeating those. Yeah, you gotta, you guys have gotta invade and it's going to, and obviously Positive reverberations throughout the region.


And there were no weapons of mass destruction. No, of course not. There were, they were essentially giving the American public a reason that we once again had to get involved so that the UD party could fulfill their goals. And now just think about, and what you said there, by the way, is really important. 'cause I do wanna say this, even if the UD party is not in power in Israel, they are in power in the United States. Yeah, that is what the NeoCon party is. That is UD extension of the Baco party. That's exactly right. That's exactly right. And so in, but see the thinking Netanyahu and David Worm's thinking here is just completely insane that we're gonna dominate the Iraqi Shia and then they're just gonna do whatever we want and they're gonna, maybe we'll get a regime change in Iran because the Iranians will wanna live like Iraqis so much and we'll, we'll have Hezbollah, we'll be eating out of Netanyahu's hand and all this is total pipe dream stuff.


And it came from an Iraqi exile who was just lying to them. In fact, there's a great article, you Laugh your ass off, it's called How Chalabi Conned the Neocons. And it's by a great journalist. It's that salon.com I admit. But it's by a great journalist named Dard, John Dard from The Financial Times. It's a really good piece. I don't know If you remember this, you might've been too young, but back in 2004 they actually did real journalism@salon.com sometimes. Anyway, so this piece is called How Chale Be Con The Neocons. And this is not me, I swear to God. I'm quoting a guy quoting a guy, quoting a guy here. Okay. But he said he interviews a Lebanese businessman who's friends with Chalabi and he tells Dard, I asked Chabe, what are you doing paling around with these neoconservatives with these Jews?


And Chalabi told me, don't worry, I just need them to get Washington to go to war with Iraq. Unbelievable. But then I'm gonna stab em in the back. Yeah, So it is. Which, Which is exactly what he did. And they fell for it 'cause they're fools. Okay, I'm gonna tell you a quick, I'm gonna throw it to one of our sponsors really quickly. 'cause I wanna, I wanna keep talking about this, this Laud party and how we just keep doing whatever it is that they want. And in the process, just mass murdering Christians in the Middle East, that was the result of the Iraq war. That has been the result that some of the oldest Christian civilizations in the world are being destroyed with it our history.


I could also talk to you about World War II and how that was done, but just wanna remind you guys about Nimi because Christmas is just around the corner. And if you're still searching for a perfect gift or you just wanna treat yourself, you know that I love Nimi Skin Skincare. They have something special to share this holiday season right now, If you Use Code Santa ten@nimiskincare.com, you'll get 10% off your Christmas order. Whether you're shopping for a loved one or giving your own skin some extra care, it's the perfect time to try nimis luxurious skincare. It is more than just skincare. It's a brand that you can feel good about supporting because all of their products are proudly made here in USA, they're rooted in values of faith, family, and freedom, which is a perfect match for the season of giving. Their clean, effective formulas are designed to refresh and revitalize your skin so you or your loved ones can start the new year feeling confident and rejuvenated. Nimi has everything from simple skincare routines to targeted treatments. You can create a custom bundle for an unforgettable gift or let your skincare quiz guide you to the perfect option for anyone on your list. So do not wait. Use code Santa 10 today. You'll get 10% off your order@nimiskincare.com. Make this Christmas extra special again, promo code Santa 10 NIMI skincare.com.


Alright, so now we're understanding this game a little bit better. And this is, this is, it's just really important for Americans to understand this is, so you have the LAC party press in America, which is constantly trying to tell you that it's, there's terrorism that we're fighting and that's why we need to get behind our friend and our ally in the Middle East. They always leave out the part that our friend and our ally is the one arming the people in the Middle East as is our own CIA. I don't think there's a difference in my viewpoint between the Ccia A and the Mossad. And So I, I, I just refuse to believe that these are two separate organizations. They're always, You know, fulfilling each other's goals and working together. And the reason why I think the Mossad is leading it is because everything we're doing is not at the benefit of the American people. So it just, one time we invaded a country and they were like, and now the roads are all paved in America. You know what I mean?


And now gas is cheap forever. Maybe, maybe you can make me believe that it's not just Israel is benefiting from this, but Israel is the only country benefiting from all of this. And so Skyler, could you pull up this list of, of what we gave money to. I'm glad you guys are all at work stressing out, running where your tax dollars are going. Don't worry, I'll show you what we gave, gave it away to last year. So we spent nearly 61 billion in foreign aid get to work people. And this is where the budget has gone to half of it's to just 10 countries. Number one, you won't be surprised Ukraine. Number two, you will not be surprised Israel. Then we have Ethiopia, Jordan, Egypt, Afghanistan, Somalia, Yemen, Congo, and Syria.


896 million to Syria, which we just overthrew. So who did it go to? Did it, I'm guessing it didn't go to Assad, who was protecting Christians. It go pull up that list again. Who does this benefit? Did anybody today say, well I'm so glad we gave 1.995 billion to Ethiopia because my day got better. Israel, Jordan, Egypt. Clearly this is all benefiting Israel. These are, these are Israel's neighbors. Okay? Not America's neighbors, Israel's neighbors. And like I said, we can't even get cheap gas. Right? And look it, it's totally worth addressing this too. You mentioned previously about false accusations of antisemitism and I guess just the fact that we're talking about Israel's role in our Middle East politics, we probably bring more heat on you today.


People are gonna try to say that about me, Couldn't care less, but Well, look, I think it's worth addressing because there are people like the Declaration of Independence says, with a decent respect to the opinions of mankind. I wanna assume that most people listening to me now have no idea who I am or why I say the things I say. And maybe they wonder. So I'd just like to explain, obviously this ref reflects your view as well. But the reality is that just because David Wormer and Paul Wolfowitz did a Iraq wari for Israel, that doesn't reflect on American Jews in general at all. The vast majority of American Jews have no political power whatsoever. There's regular people like everybody else. And If you break down the poll numbers and divide people by ethnic and religious groups, American Jews opposed of Rock War II more than any other group.


Now you could say that's 'cause they're liberal Democrats and they didn't side with w Bush. Well fine, they're liberal Democrats and they didn't side with the Likud. Yeah. And what with what Israel wanted. So it's just not at all the case that I think or that anyone else should think that these things are the same. When Netanyahu claims that Israel is Judaism, he's lying about that. He's disgusting for saying that. And it just, it gets me so angry. 'cause again, like I said, these are leftist tactics. It would be absurd if I said anybody that critiques Nigeria hates black people, all black people everywhere in the world. Anybody that critiques the leader of Nigeria hates black people everywhere. I mean, it's, it's absurd. It's offensive, it's nonsensical and it, people need to stop falling for this nonsense.


And again, the only reason people are taking this and and believing this is because you have the, this UD party journalists who are constantly trying to like run the Holocaust narrative. It's so cheap. It's like during BLM when they were running the slavery narrative and oh my God, and don't you understand what it's like, you know, the pain that black Americans have inherited because of American slavery. It is emotional engineering. It is not based in reality. And it is stunning that no one would blink an eye. No one bats eyelash when we critique our own government. I can critique Trump right now. I can critique critique Biden right now. No one would go crazy. Let me critique BB Netanyahu and the press goes for blood. That tells you that this country has way too much power in our press.


They have way too much power. Full stop. I don't even understand how APAC does not have to register under Farah. I think there was a president who tried to make that happen, but he got shot in Dallas and died after demanding that they register as a foreign agent. And I, I am, I am done with it now because now you have these people cheering on the fact that Syria has fallen known full knowing fully well the results of this is going to be more Christian death. Everyone knows this. Skylar, do you have the JD Vance tweet by any chance? Okay. Yeah. So this guy, Josh Rogan, don't know who he is. He writes, Syria is free, the Rebels won. The people liberated themselves from tyranny. Freedom won the same playbook. They always say Russia, Iran, Hezbollah and Assad lost the road ahead for Syria.


Won't be easy, but it will be better, blah, blah, blah, blah. And JD ban replies and says, as President Trump said, this is not our fight and we should stay out of it too late. Obviously we've been arming these militants. Aside from that opinions like the below make me nervous. The last time the sky was celebrating events in Syria, we saw the mass slaughter of Christians and a refugee crisis that destabilized Europe. And this is so crucial also because what frustrates me are these people who believe that their Bible tells them to just worship whatever the Likud party does. Like what? Like as if like, Jesus left, left was a real estate problem. And they're like, no, like whatever, no matter what Israel does, doesn't matter who is in charge. We have to worship what they do. And these same people will go, why do we have all these refugees flooding into these countries?


You cannot separate these two things If you are going to continually support BB net and Yahoo. And every single war that he has demanded and got in the Middle East, it has created the refugees crisis, which is the reason that you are dealing with your country fundamentally being changed. Okay? So you don't get to have it halfway. You don't get to go, oh, oh, I'm gonna complain about the border and the refugee crisis, but at the same time I'm gonna keep supporting never ending wars in the Middle East. That's right. It doesn't work that way. That's right. And I mean, look at where the refugees in the, you know, the second term of Obama, there were the worst part of the crisis wherever they all coming from, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, these are all countries that the United States of America destroyed.


And then I guess there were a lot of Sub-Saharan Africans who were then coming up through Italy because they were not blocked by Mummar Gaddafi's regime in Libya any longer. Right. And they literally reinstituted to this day, by the way, people talk like this is an anecdote from 2011. They reinstituted chattel slavery of Sub-Saharan Africans in Libya, which persists to this day, right? Which kadafi the secular com type had, of course completely abolished, had no tolerance for The same rhetoric after Libya. Oh, this is amazing. It's liberating. Which is gonna be so great. No it's not, it's not gonna be great. None of this is great. And they just Ignore it. They just pretend like Libya doesn't exist at all. It's, it is, it's completely nuts. And so, and now Okay, so now back to our story though.


So Rock War two only benefits Iran. It doesn't work out like Netanyahu and Worms are thought. And so then what do they do? They embark on a new policy called the Redirection, and people can read this. It's by Seymour Hirsch in the New Yorker magazine from 2007, March, 2007. It's so much fun to read. It's just hilarious. Is Connolly Rice going? Well, you know what? See, it's not so much about Sunni and Shia anymore. It's about moderates and extremists. Yeah. In other words, you're switching back to the Sunni extremists against the Shiites, whether they're moderate or not, you're switching back to treason against the guys who knocked the towers down and who were the, the vanguard of the SUNY insurgency that killed 4,000 outta the 4 4500 guys of our guys that died in Iraq War Two, and they were still there.


And this is oh seven, this is Bush still has two years left. And they say we're now backing Bin Laden Knights, Fatah Islam in Lebanon, the Muslim Brotherhood in Syria, and this is Elizabeth Cheney. They called her Elizabeth then, not Liz, she was in the State Department. It was called the ice. So the Iraq Syria operations group. And she helped to set up the first Syrian National Council made up of the Muslim Brotherhood. Amazing. And we used to joke, in fact, I got, I got all these great because of Whisper. I got all these great transcripts of my show going back 20 years now, 6,000 episodes. And a buddy of mine went back and found the first time is like in 2007 or eight, I think it was, that it was the first time I said to a guest, but geez, if Assad falls in Syria, who's there to replace him besides the Muslim Brotherhood?


I mean, if we're lucky, it could be Al-Qaeda, right? Like I said, that years before the, the policy kicked off. And So, I mean, Bush had started trying to create the Syrian National Council with Elizabeth Cheney in his later years. But it was really with the start of the Arab Spring in 2011. It started out mostly organic in Tunisia and then spread to Egypt. And then from there, America, Saudi and Israel got together and said, okay, wherever the Arab Spring is against one of our sock puppets, we're gonna prop him up. And wherever it's against one of our enemies, we're going to support it. And so then that was what they really did in Syria and in Libya. And from the very beginning, and you can check all the archives, not just on my show, but like all the journalism at the time, the great Patrick Coburn of the Independent And so many others.


I mean, Candace, I'm sorry, I don't know what to tell you. Every, we knew all along from the very beginning of 2011, these are Alqaeda terrorists, these Libyan fighters. They're the men who just got home from Iraq where they fought under Zau against America in Iraq War ii. Now, Obama's taken their side in Libya and NATO's flying as their Air Force, and then they went right onto Syria after that. And Just, so just to, to do further show, everyone that's watching this right now, you can pull up that declassified email. Actually, I don't think it even was declassified with Jake Sullivan. I think actually WikiLeaks got ahold of it. That's right. Now this is, this is our, our National security director writing this to Hillary Clinton.


See, last item, Al-Qaeda is on our side in Syria. Otherwise, things have basically turned out as expected. Like they acknowledged that Al-Qaeda was on their side. They allowed Al-Qaeda to do what they wanted alqaeda to do. I mean, we have been, we've been supporting Al-Qaeda for so long, and it's just so important for the American people to wake up to this, okay? Both America and Israel have been supporting Al-Qaeda. Okay? This was not a problem. So when you hear them using this rhetoric, accusing you of being a terrorist sympathizer in any way, just know that it is a, a total, it, it's conniving, it's dishonest, it's political trickery. And it infuriates me because like I said, it is always at the expense of Christians dying.


And then they pretend like we're united. Like there's a united front to protect Christians. There's not united front to protect Christians. Oh, they completely destroyed the Christian communities of Iraq that had existed there for 2000 years. 2000 years. They shall de Christians and the others are essentially Gone. And that's about to happen to mass. That's right. I would say that right now. Yep. And look, Let's go back to 10 years ago. And Obama's dirty war in Syria. The Christians were absolutely persecuted. There's the Maronites, and I'm sorry, I used to have off the top of my head the different, all the different factions of Christians. They were severely persecuted, murdered, and beheaded and, and cleansed from their towns enslaved. There was this one town where the Bin Laden knights took over the place and just instituted a totalitarian regime over the people for years under their control.


And now, and everybody knows this part of it too, like even If you're a kid, this wasn't that long ago when Obama supported, well, Obama, Netanyahu, Erdogan, and then the kings in, in Saudi Qatar, UAE and I guess a little Kuwait, they all supported the bin Laden knights in Syria. So like when we're doing this redirection, we're switching back toward the Saudis. Well, they don't really have a land army. We're their land army. So who do they have? They got Bin Laden night Sh troops. You could read it in foreign policy, foreign policy.com from 2011 mm. Prince Bandar bin Altan is opening his prisons and sending bin Laden night kooks to Syria.


So they call this a revolution. It was an invasion by Alqaeda terror supported by the United States and our NATO and GCC allies from the very beginning. And for one reason only 'cause Assad is friends with Iran and Iran arms Hezbollah, and they're a threat to Israel. Yeah. Well, the, a threat to what Israel wants to do That's right. Which is to extend, that's Right. They're not an offensive threat to invade Israel. They are just, this is what it says in the clean break. How are we supposed to steal Palestine when we still have Hezbollah on our northern flank? We gotta neutralize Hezbollah so that we can get away with grand theft Palestine. You Know, this is a great time to show people this because again, if if, if we don't actually have the clips of Pbb Netanyahu, in his own words, they will accuse you of being antisemitic.


And I think this guy is a thug, a gangster. He's now trying to crush free speech in America. But there is this amazing clip where he talks about his strategy in Palestine, and he, there's a woman that was recording it, I think it was a reporter. And then he says, turn the camera off. And he gets real with her about what they're gonna do to the Palestinians. I'm gonna speak over it because obviously he's speaking Hebrew, but I will be able to speak over it If you guys lower it. So again, he first, she, she's asking him questions on camera about his, his strategy with the Palestinians. Then he says, turn the camera off. And here's what he says. He says, oh, actually, you know what this is, I'm gonna have to pull this up on my thing because gimme one second guys, because I can't read that because of the placement of that.


Gimme one second here. Okay. If you wanna roll that from the, be from the beginning, and I'll just wait for my, my YouTube to catch up. Basically, the, the, the setup here is he's in the living room of some settlers. And he's speaking very candidly. And I don't know if the boy failed to turn the camera off, if he hit the button twice accidentally, or if he, or if he deliberately left it recording. I think the person deliberately left it recording. But it's an extremely candid statement. And essentially what you're about to hear everybody is Netanyahu mocking Bill Clinton, who he sexually assaulted Wright in the face and got away with it. Mm, yep. Exactly. Could you guys just turn to get outta the clip and go back in it?


So I, because I, I'm actually just gonna watch it onto the YouTube and, and read to them what it says at the bottom here. Yeah. If you get out of it completely, and then you guys can start playing it. And when this catches up, it'll be a little bit of a delay. But I'm gonna read to you here what BB net and Yahoo says, 'cause it is just incredible. And it, it just makes you hate neocons even harder. He says the main thing is, first of all, to strike them, not once, but several times so painfully that the price they pay is unbearable. So far the price tag is not unbearable. I mean, a large scale attack on the Palestinian authority, causing them to fear that everything is about to collapse, fear is what brings them. Hold on. This woman asks, but then again, the world will say that we're the aggressors, the reporter saying this, they're gonna say that we're the aggressors.


He says they can say whatever they want or, but aren't you afraid of what they'll say? Bibe? Aren't you afraid? Bibe, Netanyahu answers and says, and she says, especially today with the us, aren't you afraid of what they'll say? Bibe answers and says, I know how they are. United States, America is something that you can easily maneuver and move in the right direction. And even if they say something so they can say something. So what? 80% of Americans support us. It's absurd. Look, I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid to confront Clinton. I wasn't afraid to go against the un. What happened with the Oslo accords, the Accords, which were ratified by parliament, I was asked before of the 1996 elections, will you fulfill them?


I said, yes, subject to re reciprocity. I gave my own interpretation to the agreements in such a way that will allow me to stop the race back towards the 1967 borders. How do we manage this? Well, because nobody defined what the military facilities were. So I define them as being buffer zones. The entire Jordan Valley for me, nobody has, I mean, this is just an incredible clip. He's basically saying, don't care what America says, don't care if the UN says I will defy them. I will mock them. I'll be tricky. The Oslo accords, I was never gonna make good on that. I was never gonna allow Palestine to become a state. I realized that I could maneuver the language. And he's laughing. He is. I mean it, this is, he is caught on camera saying this way before October 7th.


And yet you still have Americans who are not awake to the fact that our foreign policy is being dictated by this man. Yeah. Billions of dollars going into the Middle East, not benefiting Americans whatsoever. And again, these kued party journalists who have, they're not duly loyal, do not accuse 'em of being duly loyal. They are loyal to Israel. That is fact. Yeah. And look, let's go back to, okay, so first of all, you, you put up that statement of Netanyahu saying, If you want to prevent a two-state solution, you have to support Hamas. Okay, well, I have an article people can find. It's with my co-author is Connor Freeman. It's at anti-war dot com. It's called Benjamin Net, or pardon me, Netanyahu's support for Hamas Backfired.


And it's our piece from about a year ago. And we have every bit of evidence we could find of which that he supported Hamas, which of of of direct statements about them supporting Hamas. And again, like in that statement, but to be real clear so that people understand this, why does he want to support a bunch of terrorists to rule the Gaza Strip? The answer is so that he can say, but Candace, look, the Gaza Strip is ruled by terrorists. That is the answer. He has to be able to claim. We have no partner for peace. All the best negotiators we already tortured to death in prison, or murdered in drone strikes. And now we put a bunch of, you know, semi bin laden knights.


They're really a couple clicks. Less worse than Alqaeda, but still pretty bad Islamist terrorists in charge of the Gaza Strip. And now you don't expect me to have a two-state solution deal where I enthroned Hamas as the government of Palestine, do ya? But of course, Israel owns the entire chess board. Hamas is just one little pawn on the board. They're nothing. They're essentially like the trustees in an Israeli prison. They control all of it. And I think this is something that people are so misled by Ben Shapiro when he says all the time, I'm sure you've heard him say a hundred times. Well, what would we do if the Mexicans were firing rockets across the border into Texas?


The implication being Mexico City, the national government of Mexico and its army, the national military of Mexico is attacking Texas. What would we do about it? Well, surely we'd fight them. But that analogy is not apt. It's completely bankrupt. It's a lie. The Palestinians are not Mexico. The Palestinians are Indians on a reservation. They were already beaten. They were already herded into concentration camps. They were already surrounded by fences. Now this is a canned hunt. See, these people are prisoners. They're not the nation next door.


Palestine isn't the country next door. People talk about the Palestinians. It sounds like they must have a country. 'cause everybody has a country. They're from Palestine, right? But no, Israel is on top of Palestine. That's why there's no Palestine people cite the UN said they could. Well, the UN General Assembly doesn't have the right to give one nation to another people. But I the first place, I love that. Because now the Laud party journalists are like, who listens to the un? What do you mean who listens to the un? You have this entire place because of the UN made a decision and now you're suddenly turning your back on the un. But this, when you hear the way bi Netanyahu speaks, that's how he views it. I will do what I want when I want. You're an ally to me. Good. You're not i'll backs stab you in four seconds. Now they say the UN general assembly is completely illegitimate. The UN as a body is illegitimate because now they're saying you guys are terrorists.


Now they're saying for you're a criminal and you need to be arrested for acts of genocide. And now all of a sudden, the un, which gave them Israel is irrelevant. They all tell you it's irrelevant. And what they rely upon is Americans that know nothing about history, who really just read the news and believe that it's true. And I now wanna talk about what's going on with Bibi Netanyahu. Because further to that point, Americans are not even aware of the corruption stuff going on with him. That his office has been raid, that he's turned against his own lieutenant, who is saying that something weird happened on October 7th that BB Netanyahu edited the transcripts. This leads many people are believing in Israel that he allowed the October 7th attack to happen as a pretext to do what he has told us throughout his entire political career that he wants to do take over Palestine.


He just told us that right there, I'm not playing here. I'm not here for a two-state solution. His end goal is to take over the West Bank, take over Gaza. Before we get to that, I'm gonna just throw this to American Financing. So I know so many people are feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday. You're not alone. Prices remain higher than ever. And a lot of Americans are maxing out on credit cards. Now is the perfect time to take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and you can start saving their customers. Save $800 a month on average. Just imagine what that could mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season. Wouldn't it be nice to start off the new year without debt? And those monthly minimum payments, it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving.


The holidays will be here before you know it. So call one of American American Financing salary based mortgage consultants today. The number's 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens. All Right, guys, So I amm done with the people that we've showed you these texts. We've let you listen to BB net and Yahoo in his own words, people that are pretending that critiquing BB net and Yahoo is an active antisemitism, as if I would not jump up immediately and defend American Jews with everything in me, if what was happening to them is what is happening to the Palestinians. Like if, if, if wherever Jewish people lived in America, they were being attacked like that forced into concentration camps, their wailing every day.


The last count was 20,000 kids. And I asked a guy who was in the IDF on Pierce Morgan, I said, he goes, oh, we don't know those numbers. I go, tell me the numbers and how many kids have been killed or we, we don't know yet. Yeah, we don't know yet. You can't answer that question. Tens of thousands. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's gonna be more than tens of thousands. Absolutely. And so we know this. Bibi Netanyahu has been, he's, he's a political thug and he has stroked the cheek of a few people in America who believe that they're in with him. And so they do all of his bidding and they call everybody antisemitic who calls out his ridiculous policies. But for those of you guys that don't know what is going on in Israel right now, because your press, our press won't cover it. The laud party press will not cover it. Everyone is saying that Bibi Netanyahu is corrupt.


His office got raided because they determined that he edited the transcripts of a meeting on October 7th. Everything that happened in that cabinet is supposed to be recorded. Bibi Netanyahu had his guys edit these transcripts. And so he fired Yav Gallant, I think, I hope I'm saying his name right, who was the IDF minister. And Yo Gallant is kind of saying a lot without saying anything like he is implying that there's a lot of corruption. And it all pertains to October 7th. And many people are speculating that, that it's very clear that he allowed this attack to happen. We know Egypt warned him of the attack, but the most bizarre thing is that it went on for two hours. I've been to Israel and just like Charlie Kirk said, you can fly from one end to the other in a helicopter in 15 minutes.


It's the size of New Jersey, okay? It is every five feet. There's an IDF soldier like every fi it's like a scary place to walk through. It's so secure. And yet this attack went on for two hours. Also, what is being alleged as he is his office is being raided, is that he intentionally leaked his office intentionally leaked misinformation to the Western press about October 7th. This should be everywhere in our press, right? They have basically tried to already turn October 7th into the next nine 11 as if it's not a foreign country, but as if it happened on our so soil, you know, wanting kids to learn about it in school. And yet nobody, I bet nobody watching this is even aware of all of this stuff going on in Israel right now with his own defense minister.


They are raiding his offices and they're saying you were up to some weird stuff pertaining to October 7th, and you used your Western allies in media to push out a media to push out information, and you gave them false information pertaining to that day. What does that say to you? Well, a lot. I mean, first of all, the, the nicest version of the story would be that they had an intelligence, huge Intelligence Failure. Not just, but like, yeah, the negligence on absolutely galactic level, you know, on a September 11th type level, that's their best excuse. There's a guy I know, his pseudonym on Substack and on Twitter is Boltman booty.


And he has done a really meticulous job of putting together all the evidences that make it seem as though they let it happen on purpose. Now, I'm not a hundred percent convinced by that, but I am convinced that everybody should look at that, and that you can, you can see at the very least just how much prior knowledge they had and, and could have used to prevent the attack. And by the way, it's not like this is so far stretched. False flag attacks in Israel have happened. Again, things that Americans don't learn about, they don't even know about the lavan affair. Like they are willing to kill Americans. They're willing to kill Israelis in order to fulfill their goals. Like that is just something that is a part and parcel of Israel's history.


You cannot deny that. And they embellish the story of October the seventh, so horribly, it makes a sound. And they did a great job of this. As you say, the, the media is so lined up on Israel's side. They make it sound like you're defending Hamas to say that actually Israel embellished what Hamas did there to a substantial degree. And I don't mind telling that. And also his call to like, a lot of them were killed by the I idea f Sure. Lot of, a lot of the victims that day, which is terrible. And look, I, you know, I'll go ahead and say like, as, as by disclaimer that I have have a distant relative who was killed apparently by Hamas in the thing. I don't have any reason to suspect that it was one of the, You know, the Israelis of, You know, accidentally shooting their own or deliberately shooting their own.


I have no love for Hamas whatsoever. I don't, in fact, the, the people of Palestine don't have love for Hamas. If you look at the polls before the war started, they were doing terribly. There were big protests against their pseudo rule. Again, they're just a gang in an Israeli prison. They're not a government. But still the, there's A, the first I know that's pro Hamas is Bibb Netanyahu. Yeah. 'cause he funded them. I got sick of it. I'm done. If you support Bibb net and Yahoo, how dare you call an American for saying we should not be involved in this crap. And that what he's doing is wrong to children. How dare you call us pro terrorist sympathizers when literally the man at the forefront of all of this, armed these people and insisted upon giving them cash and money because he wanted to, he wanted exactly what happened on October 7th to happen.


And then, but see, you alluded to the Hannibal directive. Yeah. Now the Hannibal directive was invented. There was a, an Israeli soldier back in, I'm gonna say the late bush years, I believe it was, who was kidnapped by Hamas and taken into, into the Gaza Strip. And they made a deal to get him out after years where they had to release like a thousand Palestinian prisoners to get him back. And they invented a new doctrine, said, we're not gonna do that anymore. It's the Hannibal directive. And it says that if an Israeli soldier is kidnapped by Hamas, we'll blow him away rather than we'll blow them all away, the kidnappers and the kidnapped, rather than let them get such a great strategic game piece as a, a kidnapped captive.


Okay. Well, on October the seventh, it wasn't just the IDF, it was civilians who were being kidnapped by Hamas and taken back into the Gaza Strip. And on the fly, Candace, they ordered what was called a Mass Hannibal directive. Skyler, can you find that meaning pull that up in Hart's or J Post whatever it is. That's right. Show people Press is just all the stuff that your Western media will not cover. Right. But the Israeli press is telling you that the Hannibal directive was issued on October 7th. And so we are never gonna know how many of the, was it 1300 total victims on that day, which is absolutely terrible and abhorrent, how many were killed because they issued the Hannibal directive themselves. Right. Again, another thing that people don't know about that day or days after, is he, they, the IDF was in receipt of an extensive plan to kidnap 200 Israelis.


They, they ahead of time. Oh, they have all The intel. I they had all, All the intel. The intel. Oh yeah. And what did BB Netanyahu do on that day? That he is editing transcripts? What did he do on that day that would make you go, if this was the most terrible day, a day that would gonna live in Inny, in infamy, wouldn't you want the public to see everything that happens? And instead, we're now finding out that you're leaking false information about what happened that day. And our press is not covering it, which is disgusting and it it is, it is just so morally contemptible, right. That they will not cover this. They only want you to feel bad. Maybe Netanyahu, and I think he's a monster. I think he's a gangster. And shame on the Christians that support this man and use the Bible. Use the Bible to justify the support of a man who is mass murdering children, mass murdering Christians all across the Middle East.


Own, own the guise and his own people under the guise of fighting terror. When you can go back and clearly hear his language, his language about what he says and what he's willing to do, and how little respect he has for the Americans that worship him. Right. That worship him. Oh, it's absurd. Says hearing Him talk like that. Yeah. Yeah. And Look, don't worry about them. We'll do whatever I say and, and Look on the, on the atrocities. A huge part of the story of October the seventh was based on explaining away the results of the implementation of the Hannibal directive. Hamas surely murdered people mostly with gunshots, rifle shots and grenades, handheld grenades, things like this. Well, who blew up this whole house full of people.


Yeah. An Israeli tank did, who blew up all these cars, Israeli helicopters, but they had to put all that on Hamas. So they showed all this destruction. They said, oh, he blew, they tied up this family and then set 'em all on fire. And they cut off the heads of all these babies and they elaborated all of this stuff. There was one baby that was killed by a gunshot through a door, which is horrible. Which is horrible. Absolutely Horrible. And it was a Hamas, apparently a Hamas member who fired the shot and killed that baby. But what did they say? They claimed that there were 20 babies, had their heads cut off and then they were hung from a clothes line. They said that a woman, and this actually happened in the D Yassin massacre in 1948, the Israelis did this to Palestinians cut the woman's stomach open and killed her baby.


That is a real story from what the Israelis did to the Palestinians. They lied and said that the Palestinians did that to them. Another story true from the Nakba. They took a man's baby and threw him in an oven. And they used that story that the Israelis had done to the poor Palestinians and pretended that the Palestinians had done that to them. So in other words, instead of just saying, oh my God, Candace, it was horrible, all these people were killed. Civilians were shot in their own homes, in their cars on the road. Oh, no, no. Instead it was, oh, they tied children up and set them on fire. They cut the heads off of babies. They blew up these houses, they blew up all these people in their cars and all this stuff.


And You're correct. My ex is filled with all of these videos of what they are now doing to the Palestinian children, babies that are actually beheaded, babies that are actually burned and America just turns the cheek. Yeah. They call it fake. Yeah. In my mentions, every day they go, oh, that's fake. There are a bunch of actors. Oh yeah. The Palestine, the, the Gazen people right now are acting like they just got bomb. They don't have water. They can't eat. Yeah. You know, they're starving. But everyone's just conspiring to pretend that this is happening. And look everyone from the ICC to the un to Yeah, ev everybody who is saying that this is actually happening. The journalists that have risked their lives to get these stories out and our western media won't cover it. Yeah. Look at anti-war dot com. My guys cover this every day. Dave DeCampa, Jason Dtz, col Anselone, these guys cover it every single day. What's going on on the Gaza Strip?


And Candace, it is like the Waco massacre every day. Imagine Bill Clinton burning Waco and then doing it again and again and again and again for a year In three months. And they're just moving settlers in instantly. Yeah, they're, this was totally unplanned guys. But we do have a group of settlers who are gonna move in and take this land immediately, gratefully. And that's what they like serious. Like with Syria just now, what's happening, Skyler, could you pull in that clip of Bebe in Israel with John Kerry saying that Syria must be stripped of chemical weapons. The Syrian regime must be stripped of all its chemical weapons. And that would make our entire region a lot safer.


The world needs to ensure that radical regimes don't have weapons of mass destruction. Because as we've learned once again in Syria, if rogue regimes have weapons of mass destruction, they will use them. And then also, let's just show, because it's like every time he comes and speaks to our government, we do what he says. Let's also go back to 2002 when he addressed Congress and told them that Saddam Hussein had nuclear weapons. It's a question of a realistic assessment of a threat, a palpable threat to our common civilization. There is no question whatsoever that Saddam is seeking and is working and is advancing towards the development of nuclear weapons.


No question whatsoever. And there is no question that once he acquires it, history shifts immediately. It just, it is the most infuriating thing in the entire world to just be like, he's just literally deciding on what our foreign policy is going to be. Everyone listens to him. Why do you think that is? We should, we should really get into this because there's two elements here. We should talk about Judeo Christianity because that is something that needs to be discussed. But then just the amount of power that APAC has over, you know, people that are not religious in Congress, like Lindsey Graham insisting that we do more in Syria than that's already been done, hit them. Do this. Essentially just whatever Bibi Netanyahu wants. I'm of the belief that it's blackmail.


I think a lot of congressmen are blackmailed and the story of Israel and blackmail in America goes back very far, like proven that they have been blackmailing people in government. What do you think is going on? Or do you think it's just good old fashioned? I like money Apex cutting a check. Well, yeah, I mean, it's all of the above. It's a, it's a giant conspiracy of interests of course. And I think, yes, blackmail is a huge part of it. One of the most important stories that came out of the Snowden leak ran in The Guardian. But the Post in the Times never even mentioned it. And that was that the National Security Agency gives their entire hall over to Israel every single day. So you wonder why they own your congressman.


Wait, What? Sorry, say that again. The, the entire hall, Their entire hall, everything. The National Security Agency intercepts every day, their entire uptake of intel from the entire planet Earth. They turn over to Israel, all of it. So they call it the Five Eyes, it's the six. And Israel gets all the Guardian. You've gotta find that article Skyler, If you can pull that up. Yeah, It's, it's got Greenwald's name on it in The Guardian. And they never mentioned it. The posted Times, the Green Wall. Glenn Greenwald wrote it. It's his piece. Yes. Okay. That'll be easy to find Glenn Greenwald. That is incredible. 'cause of course, America, we're just supposed to be ignorant. We're supposed to just be like, you know what, what's happening is they're just trying to massacre Jews and there's this big conspiracy. It's like, no, nobody hates Jews. Okay. We hate what the UD party is doing.


We hate that our foreign interests are being tied to the UD party. We hate that journalists keep lying in America about what is happening. We hate that people have to go to work every day to support this montross of murdering children, crushing, crushing Christians. And I will say, wow, here's, here it is right here. The article, the NSA shares raw intelligence, including America's data with Israel. That's incredible. I never knew this. Which, I mean, how are we even pretending that our state is sovereign? You know, we people run for president, they're, they're wearing an Israeli pin on their chest. It's incredible to see this when they're running for president of the United States. Yeah. They're wearing a pin an of an Israeli flag of A foreign country. Yep. Of a foreign country. It's unheard of. It's time for people to wake up. I think for the first time people are, they're understanding this because you're seeing people that wouldn't, that I would say wouldn't normally comment on the fact that Christians are about to be slaughtered, but they're not putting in the context of Israel.


But it will create an interesting dilemma for them. Charlie Kirk being one of them. I've worked with Charlie Kirk for years. Here is what Charlie Kirk had to say about Assad. If you thought Assad was bad, wait till you see what is coming next. Okay. So he's been acknowledging that he has been covering that. Again, he has not tied this or answered the question of how this might conflict with his support for Israel. But he said it, this one tickled me to my core. We have Michael Knowles, who I love, great buddy of mine, godfather to my daughter, and Dave Smith, response to Michael Knowles. Michael Knowles tweeted this, can someone explain to me why we are supposed to celebrate Bashar ADE's replacement by a member of Al-Qaeda? Dave Smith? The answer to this question might get you kicked off the Daily Wire.


I had to laugh at that. That's really funny. But it's, it is interesting because at the same time that he, that Michael Knowles was writing that Ben Shapiro, who obviously started the Daily Wire and has a podcast on the Daily Wire, did a video essentially celebrating what happened and it, and he said in so many words, this is gonna be great for Israel. And he received a lot of backlash for this. Let's just play that clip of what he had to say. Okay. There were significant human right predations against Christians on the ground. Not only in the areas controlled by SUNY terrorists, but also in the areas that were controlled by Shia terrorists. Syria is about 10% Christian. Okay. So is it about to get worse? It definitely could. Which would of course be a terrible thing. And then you have the question of what Bashar was doing to the country, which is killing hundreds of thousands of people using everything up to and including chemical weapons.


Well, he's gone now and Israel has been striking a lot of the chemical weapons depots to prevent them from falling into the hands of the new rebel alliance over here. Okay. So it, you know, again, is any of this wonderful particular, it isn't. But the one thing that is an upside is that the Iranian crescent is dead. Okay. The Shia Crescent that again stretched all the way from Iran all the way across to Lebanon, that is now dead. What does that mean? It means that the Iranian regime is actually in quite real trouble here. All of their biggest proxies are gone. Hamas gone. Hezbollah gone. Assad gone. That means the Shia influence game is beginning to wane. It's beginning to end. The Houthis are basically isolated down there in Yemen.


The Shia regime in Iran still has impact in Iraq, but internally they are much, much, much weaker right now. So the border countries, what are they doing? Turkey is encouraging, is doing incursions into Northern Syria. They were probably behind much of what's going on right now. They're attempting to grab territory in northern Syria. They're creating their own buffer zone. They're attempting to encroach on Kurdish territory again in the northeast of the country. Meanwhile, Israel in the South has the Golan Heights. And anybody, by the way, who thought that it was a good idea for Israel to give up the Golan Heights. Yeah, you're an idiot. Okay. It's a good thing Israel has the Golan Heights. Otherwise you'd have SUNY terrorists sitting up top over the lake Tiberias and firing down into the valley in, in Israel.


Okay. So Israel controls that area. They've been moving up into their own buffer zone over at Mount Harmon, which is in Syria. It's kind of the strategic height of the region. Okay. Meanwhile, again, you have the Syrian government, which has now abdicated. They're turning over a control to this rebel alliance. Unclear exactly what's going to result, because again, you still have all of these players on the ground who are fighting one another. They may be united against Assad, but now Assad is gone. So Assad's family is out. The rebels again arrived in Damascus. Meanwhile, you have the Kurds who are still controlling a large swath of territory. What does it really mean? It means that Russia is weak, Iran is weak. These were paper tigers and their attempts to invade Ukraine and invade Israel respectively.


Those went really poorly for them. Okay. So that's that. That's good. And then do you have also his tweet of the, the meme or whatever it was about? Like do you, I don't know if I told you to pull that. Do you have it? Oh, here it is. Okay. So he, he tweeted this sin war dead. Like it's just basically F around and find out. And he's showing a chart of this is what's happened in not since October 7th. Sin war dead Hamas destroyed Raah dead Hezbollah destroyer, Asad regime falls, Iranian air defense is gone. Your take on that, Scott? Well, I mean this guy, as we were talking about before the show, he, he started his career defending a rock wari. You know how he just throws in there?


Well, okay. Iran still has some influence in Iraq. Yeah. Okay. It says the Shiite Crescent is this unbroken chain. We finally broke it. Well, why was it an unbroken chain? Because of Iraq. Wari put Baghdad in the Shiite column, made them that much more powerful that now they have to resort to supporting Bin Laden knights to overthrow the Shiites. Yeah. And he doesn't see the problem in that 'cause He is What? He's, no, I think, I think he's an Israeli. I think it's quite frustrating. And it would be something that I would love to debate with him. His, his allegiance to Israel I think is something that is worth having a conversation about. Because you know, when you are making the argument there that Israel getting involved here is a good thing.


And you know, now they're striking at targets because they're gonna prevent this chemical weapons. But you're leaving out all of the lead up to there, which is Israel gave these people the power. Yeah. Right. Oh, by the way, I don't Way I have another present for you. Oh, it was my last book. Enough already. Time to end, end the War on Terrorism. Thank you very much. And it has in there, of course, this whole story of the Clean break and the Iraq War II and how it led to Syria. And included in there is a section called three fake SAR attacks. The first big one was 2013, which almost got Obama to invade in 2013. But he backed down thankfully in August and September, 2013. And then in 2017 and 18, in April of 17 and 18, there were two more big fake ones. Khan, Shaun, and Gutta.


Both of them also fake. Donald Trump fell for them both times, but at least luckily only engaged in limited strikes in retaliation. Although he claims he wanted to kill Assad. And James Mattis also says it, he stopped him from assassinating Assad then. That's crazy. 'cause he's very much under the control of the Laco. Yeah. As much as we needed Ron Paul, we got Rudy Giuliani, I'm afraid. And honestly, I'm, I'm glad that you brought that up because that, that is what I found to be just so mind boggling to me, is that how can you use as a person who supports you Netanyahu, to present an argument as, as, as Ben is doing, and other people who support people in Netanyahu know they have a relationship, their friends fine. But if your argument is like, we're stamping out terrorism and you leave out to your public and your listeners that know actually Israel funded terrorism, like we funded all those terrorists until we got what we wanted done, which was the fall of the Syrian regime.


And now we're basically saying like, this is a good thing. This is a great thing. And yeah, some Christians are gonna die in the process, but it's, it's totally understandable that essentially Israel's gonna move in which they did in four seconds. You wanna bring up Alex Jones' tweet you guys, If you have that. He, he writes, AAD is not laughing now. Oh wait, I don't, it's it's actually not this one. It's, I'm looking for the tweet where he just talks about how Israel instantly invaded. I think I retweet If you wanna pull it from my, my, my wall. But he isn't He the same guy that said that Israel should carpet bomb all of Gaza with Moab Bombs? Yeah, but this, this is what's fascinating. He's completely changed his position. Now, come on. And I don't, I listen, I don't know. I I I, but people are noticing that, that Alex Jones has completely changed his Whatever's more profitable, I guess.


I don't think it is profitable Exactly. To be speaking against the Likud party. I don't think it's profitable at all. All it's, it's usually how you lose your job. You use your, you lose your sponsorships. It's how you get attacked in the media when you start speaking the truth about what Israel's doing, which is Not in his corner of the media. It's not, you don't think so? No. Yeah. Well, so maybe, who knows? I can't assign any motives to him. But what I can say is that he did point out, he's like, okay, so now Israel's moving in instantly. Like they were just waiting for this. No, this is coordinated this Honestly, this is Coordinated. After, after he said that Netanyahu should kill every last Palestinian. I didn't hear him say that. That's despicable. He said, he said he should carpet bomb the entire place with Moab bombs. So That's very shocking to hear That. Yeah. I don I don't care what his facts or opinion about anything At all. Wow. I'll have to look for that because I honestly had never heard him say that Makes him worse than Bill O'Reilly.


Yeah. Right. And makes him as bad as he did he say that could possibly be, did he say right after October the seventh? Yeah. This, the rhetoric that was coming out of there is people just wanting to see Palestinian genocide was just Back to your question about the lobby. Yeah. Money. Money. Yeah. There's some blackmail, but it's all about, there's click, click, click ing, You know? Yeah. And, and here's my question to people that are under this delusion and what I call the Schofield Bible spell, who think that their Bible instructs them to support the UD party. It's just crazy. It's, it's just to say it, it's mind boggling. Like that God's gonna bless me if I bless people that are murdering children. The gayest city in the entire role is Tel Aviv. Like, God's gonna support me if I just support as if any person can't just move in there and take over and make it whatever they wanna do.


Which is exactly what's happened since 1948. But I just don't understand how you do not arrive at the conclusion that to be a a Judeo Christian basically means that they get to turn the other cheek when Christians are attacked all over the world. But you better get down and serve all of the interests, not of the Jewish people of Israel. We're talking about Israel and we're talking specifically about the Likud party, right. Because they've been at war, the parties don't agree with what's happening again. And I wanna be clear, we're showing you articles that are in her. These are Israeli newspapers. People in Israel are protesting. So, so not only should we not cast a wide net and blame it on American Jews, we shouldn't even cast a wide net and blame it on Israeli Jews.


It's not fair because they are saying he's a monster. He's a terrorist. They thought that he had something to do with the assassination of, can't think of the former prime, prime minister's name that got assassinated in Israel. Oh, Rabin. Yes. Rabin By a Netanyahu fan. By An Netanyahu fan. They thought that he had something to do with, they have been calling him a gangster and a thug forever. Your media is just not covering it. You're not covering the fact that Israel is split. Israelis are split on what is happening. But anyways, it's, it, it makes me very angry because it, it is not allowing us to have a real conversation when people say these ridiculous repeat lines like Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East. What?


Yeah. Well half the people have no civil or no civil rights or liberties whatsoever. But yeah, why Do they say that? It's like, how can you say that? Well, and then they used to say, well Lemme ask you about the Bible. 'cause I, You know a lot more about the Bible than I do. And I know it. I've heard it quoted. 'cause you know, I listen to San Antonio radio a lot. I know they talk about this a lot at Cornerstone Churches down there. It says in the Bible, yet your nation has to bless Israel. Now I happen to know that there are a lot of other instructions in the Bible too that probably contradict that one. And especially when, this is the thing you mentioned X people, if they're just willing to open their eyes at all, and look, this is the most cruel and sadistic regime on the planet.


This can't possibly be the same Bible that instructs you to love thy neighbor and to turn the other cheek and protect each other. And to be a decent person says that this government that is obviously more cruel even than the chi comms or anyone on the face of the planet who label their enemies animals and call them the, they invoke the story Amalek. And you know, this is from a speech that Netanyahu gave to Army officers. Right? This isn't just some rhetoric. He told the Army officers, your enemy is Amalek. And now of course that's nonsense. Amalek is 3000 years ago where you had this tribe of people that supposedly God ordered the ancient Hebrews to murder every last man, woman, and child and their oxen too.


And so nobody is pretending that God spoke to Netanyahu on a biblical level and told him that the Palestinians are amek. And I now repeat to you that ancient instruction that didn't happen. It was just Netanyahu said, Hey, remember that silly Bible story? Well now I say that it's permission for us to kill all of these people 'cause they're not people at all. And this is just straight out of, I mean I'm sure you saw the headline the other day. They said Israel needs the lemons realm. They literally wrote that in the Times of Israel. Israel need, they ran that editorial. We need the lemons realm. This is not different than German national socialism. We are the Uber mention and they are the unter.


And so we can do whatever we want to them. We can take their property, we can take their lives 'cause we are better and we deserve it. And we say so it's really not different. And you look at the level of cruelty, it's nazim writ small. I mean the Gaza Strip is not Eastern Europe, but what's happening to those people there is as ugly as can be. Right. And and at the same time that they, like I said, they create the crises. They create the problems for our countries. And yet nobody, these Judeo Christians who believe that they're gonna be blessed if they keep blessing, whatever the Likud party does, they don't connect the dots. Yeah. Or, or they stay silent on this. You know, they say they're pro-life. We care about all of these things. At a certain point, you need to examine yourself.


You need to examine yourself. If you are going to go out there and you're gonna say that you're a Christian and figure out what it is that you're married to because Christ is truth. And if you're not telling the truth because you're afraid of losing your platform, you're afraid of losing money, you're afraid that it could cause a disruption in your life, then you have married yourself to, to maek. You've married yourself to money. Right. And there is very specific instruction in the Bible about that. You need to read the sermon on the Mount. You need to understand what it is. You cannot worship both. Okay. You cannot worship both. So you need to make a decision. You better make a decision quickly. Okay. Because what I am seeing right now, it looks to me to be an intentional genocide of Christians all throughout the Middle East, under the guise of fighting terror. And there is no question that both Israel and America, which I hesitate to even separate the two at this point.


I think they's, they're the same entity, are funding together. Okay. Like it is a sport. And then they go, the Jihadists are doing it. You mean the jihadists that you armed and instructed? Am I supposed to believe that you didn't know they were gonna do all this to these Christian structures? Right? Am I supposed to believe that you weren't the ones giving them instructions, they removed themselves. It's deceptive. It goes back to that book that you just mentioned that I'm planning on reading Defected Mossad Agent. Isn't the book called like by Way of Deception? By Way of Deception, by Victor Ostrowski? Yeah. Yes. He, he says in there, for example, the Israelis knew that proto Hezbollah was about to blow up the barracks and kill the American Marines in 1983. And they didn't warn us, they said, the Americans are big boys. That's what they get for sticking their nose into our business in Lebanon.


They sat there and laughed while our American Marines were killed. And then I'm watching and people will still invoke that attack and go, well that's why Hezbollah's our enemy is 'cause they blew us up in 1983. Yeah, well Israel sat back and laughed. So that makes them one shade better. And back to September 11th, real quick, I told you before that the primary motivation for Alqaeda turning against the United States was American basis in Saudi to blockade and bomb Iraq. Well that was at Israeli insistence because America had just beat up Iraq so bad in the first Iraq war that now Iraq wasn't powerful enough to balance against Iran. So it was the Israelis, the a guy named Martin Inic who had been an advisor to yak Shair from the laud party.


And it was Inic who came and convinced Bill Clinton to indoctrinate or to inaugurate what they called the dual containment policy. And it was after the absolutely fake Kuwait embellished this ridiculous story about, I'm sure you've heard that Saddam Hussein was gonna try to kill former President Bush Sr. With a truck bomb in Kuwait. Well it was a total lie. It was a whiskey smuggling ring, had nothing to do with a bomb. The whole thing was fake. But they used that as the excuse to force Clinton to instill this dual containment policy. And so that meant that even though a rock is completely beaten, Saddam Hussein, as we talked about, is our former ally. We can bring him back in from the cold anytime now he's outta Kuwait.


There's one thing we need you to do. Keep bin Lani down. Nope. Gotta keep him under blockade. Then even Za Brzezinski the hawk. But he's not a neo-conservative. He's a Rockefeller realist type was stead now. But he said, Hey, we ought to build a pipeline across Iran from the Caspian Basin across Iran to the Persian Gulf. This could be the beginning of our bringing Iran back in from the cold after all. The Iranian revolution was back in 79 and the Iran Iraq war is over and now it's the nineties. So let's see. Nope. The Israel lobby said no and scotched the peace pipeline. So we have to have dual containment of Iraq and Iran. We can't make peace with either. And we have to keep containing them both from bases in Saudi Arabia because that's what Israel wants.


Okay. Then you have the lead hijackers, Muhammad Atta and his buddy Ramsey bin Als sheep, who's in Guantanamo to this bay to this day, who, who helped them plan the thing. And their whole group of guys, they at the Hamburg cell is what they're called engineering students. Egyptian engineering students studying in Hamburg, Germany. And after Rabin was assassinated, his successor, Shimon Perez in 1996 launched what was called Operation Grapes of Wrath, an invasion of Southern Lebanon. And when they did that, part of that was they called in an artillery strike against a UN shelter and killed 106 women and children. Guess what it was Naftali Bennett, the prime minister, the future, and now passed.


Prime Minister of Israel was the one who killed the women and children at Kana. This is now known as the first Kana massacre. 'cause they did it again in 2006. Skyler, speaking of Natali Bennett. Yeah. Could you, could you try to dig up that clip of him and the Wikipedia and them taking over information? 'cause it also Oh yeah. This gets them fighting an information war on Americans. But So this is why the Hamburg cell joined Alqaeda Muhammad Atta saw what Israel was doing in Lebanon. So here you have Egyptians volunteering to go fight for a Saudi to kill Americans, to avenge what the Israelis are doing to the Lebanese. See and nobody told us that. What they tell your mom and dad and your teachers at school, they hate us 'cause we're free.


Yeah. The dumbest Thing, they hate us 'cause we're good. They hate us 'cause we love our mamas in Jesus. We're not doing anything else. That's right. It's, it's, It was Israel First. It just buys common sense. They hate us 'cause we're free is the dumbest thing ever. But So where does that leave us Now if the KA massacre and Operation Grapes of Wrath is what brought those towers down in 2001, what do we expect to happen now? Yeah. You Know, and you know, until we separate ourselves from Israel's foreign policy danger, and I mean danger, I say we, yeah, all of us guys, American Jews, blacks, Spanish. I don't care what you are. If you are an American, you need to understand that the biggest threat to our safety is completely being married to Israeli policy. And I am so sick of it.


Like I said, I do not care. I'll use my platform to speak against this because now Christians are dying. They have been dying en mass. And I'm tired of people pretending that they're shocked by it or that it's Jihadists doing this without the involvement of the American and the Israel government. That is not the case. Okay. Like I said, I'm happy to see that there seems to be some friction on the Christian front. And I, I saw actually an evangelical, I don't know if he's a pastor, he, he sat down with Calvin Robinson. I don't know if you're familiar with any of these names, but this clip is going, making the rounds on X. And essentially he sat down with him. I'm gonna show you a few minutes of it as an evangelical and admitted, I don't really know why we're so married to Israel. Like, it gets into a longer and a deeper history.


But we need to start speaking about what actually is Judaism, what actually is Christianity? We need to get back to the theological debate to really understand like, what are we supporting? Why are we married to this? Why are we saying Judeo Christian? We're all, we're starting to see all these types of conversation, the scope of the Bible, The 12 Disciples of Christ. Who is he? Exactly, Exactly. A man was funded by the Zionists. And so, and that became the most, well, well read Bible. It is the, had the biggest impact ever. He was fun. This Is the red writing in the margins, right? Which tell them how to read their Bible and which tells them that as long as they let Israel do whatever it they want, then you know what? It's, everything's gonna be fine and it's gonna be great.


And so Israel's has to do whatever they want. How cynical can you Get Like 19 to manipulate people through their Bible? That it really is Unbeliev. And they don't know. They don't know, they don't know about the Schofield heresy. They don't know. But he was funded by Zionist, the Lotus Club in New York, which was a, a Jewish Zionist club in New York. They don't know. But he then went to Switzerland. I mean, common sense. You can't write notations for an entire Bible in two years. Who wrote this is the question, and, and then get a deal. And he was, the guy behind him was Samuel Meyer who was behind the black male of Woodrow Wilson. That's will say that story for another day. But I wanna show you this clip 'cause it's interesting and people are calling this conversation antiemetic and evangelical, sitting down and having a conversation to try to formulate ideas about where, how do Christians, how do we make this Judeo hyphen Christian?


Why are we doing this? Why are we calling it Judeo Christianity? Here's a little bit of that conversation. Take a listen If we could, Calvin, real, real quick. I was thinking one other thing that I think it's so important for Christians to realize that our promise is not unhinged. And I think you'll agree with it. 'cause I've seen some of your posts and I think you're, you're poking some really strategic good holes. So one thing that I wanted to say about Judaism, and so apart from earthly temporal effects, I think it's important historically, you know, this wasn't always the case, but there are many examples of this. One of the things that would happen, especially with the reformers, is that Jews would come into, whether it be England or France or or America, they would come in and, and they would be provided quarter.


And and good Christian nations would say, we, we, it's not right to oppress the Sojourner. And, And so we're gonna treat them fairly and we're gonna treat them with dignity and respect and kindness. But then these Christian nations, with Christian ministers, inevitably, because God is extremely kind to all peoples of all ethnicities, what would happen inevitably is some of the Jews would come to faith in Jesus. They would convert to Christianity, they would join the ranks of the Christian churches, not necessarily as ministers, but they would be welcomed into membership and these things. And, and then they would develop friendships with these Christian ministers. And then the reformers especially, they eventually, 'cause they were, they were coming out of the Vulgate, the Latin Vulgate and Catholicism, these things and wanting to, you know, think of William Tindale or Luther and translate the Bible.


And so they, they would go to these converted Jews and say, would you help us with the original manuscripts and the Hebrew, and as we seek to understand the Old Testament properly. And, And so these converted Jews would, would help them to that, to that end and teach them how to read the Hebrew and write in Hebrew and understand it. And, and then some of these converted Jews, now Christians said, oh, and by the way, you should probably be aware of what's in the Talmud. You haven't been able to read it. And now you can, you should probably read a copy. And some of these Christian ministers would read the Talmud and then they would say, what the heck? And, and all of a sudden a little bit of, of the kindness and respect that was shown by these Christian nations to Jews would be revoked.


And they wouldn't necessarily be mean, but they would say, I don't know If you can be here and practice Judaism. And my point in saying this is Islam will send you to hell. Buddhism will send you to hell, Hinduism will send you to hell. But it's worth noting that those three religions, major world, false religions, they all deny the deity of Christ and salvation in him alone. And therefore they'll send you to hell. And, but they all carve out some kind of respectable position for Jesus. He's an esteemed prophet or a good teacher or a miracle worker or something. Judaism is unique.


The Talmud is unique in the sense that it's the only major world religion that is undeniably hostile towards the person and work of Jesus Christ. It, it does not carve out a space for him as well. He's not deity, he's not the son of God, but he is still an esteemed prophet. And he had many good things to say. No Judaism, it's, it's ultimate foundation is a hatred. We have to be able to say that it, that doesn't mean all Jews, but Judaism as an ideology and a religion is a unique, fundamentally hatred of Jesus. I suppose it's because Tdic Judaism is a reaction to Jesus, isn't it? It's a rejection and a reaction.


I did a search on, I asked Google, what does the Talmud teach about Jesus? And Google AI said, there's no overview for this. And I was like, okay. Alarm bells started ringing. I asked gr and Grop said, in San Heran, 1 0 7 B describes Jesus as an idolater Rabbi Joshua Ben. And Pat Paraia says, through his narrative of accu, oh, what am I saying here? Speaks of a postmortem of punishment for Jesus placed in boiling excrement, which some interpret as a polemic against Christian theology. And I've been told to look up what the Talmud teaches about Jesus' mother too, the mother of God, which I'll be looking up later.


But the Talmud does not seem to be a Christian friendly or Christian aligned document at all. Or, Or no, I mean mean, and that, and that's the thing that you, you have to recognize about Islam is Islam is a, a Christian heresy. So you, it's, it's very clear, You know, when it was written, it didn't fall out of the sky. You know, You know, Muhammad certainly wrote, I think much of the, of the Quran and, and then, You know, I think others played a part, but he, he certainly had his, his, You know, hand in all of this. And, And so certain popular Christian heresies at the time in the seven hundreds worked their way into the Quran, for instance, like the, the folklore of Jesus from the womb, you know, when Mary and Joseph are fleeing to Egypt to escape Herod, You know, in his tyranny.


And Mary's still pregnant. So Jesus is in utero in the womb, and Mary is weary, you know, and they're traveling through the desert. And Jesus from the womb speaks to a tree so that it would bend over so that, so that they would be able to get fruit, you know, and or in another instance when after he's born, he's still an infant, he's nursing and, and he, you know, turns his head from the breast of, of his mother Mary, and preaches a sermon, You know, to people basically defends Mary because people were saying that, You know, he was born out of wedlock and calling her an adulterer and he defends his mother, you know, as a six month old child. These kinds of things you can find in Islamic teaching and in the Quran. But my point is this, in both of those instances, although I, I believe they're false and not true stories.


What, what Islam was doing, even in its, in its origin in the writing of its sacred text was playing off of Christianity. It was, it, it was providing a, a, a alternative. It's certainly not Christian, but it, but it was working off of Christian capital. It was, it, it was, it's a Christian distortion, a heresy. Judaism is different. It, it's, it, it's not playing off of Christian capital. It it's going for the jugular. It's going directly at Christianity and trying to, trying to, to take it down, trying to destroy it. And, and that is a difference.


And so my position, You know, is to play the devil's advocate. You know, I have people sometimes tell me, well, Joel, but if we're thinking about Jews today, all right, like, how is this relevant? How does it apply? Let's get practical. If we think about the modern state of Israel today, and we think about, you know, modern Jews today, well Israel for the most part is, is not Talmud Judaism, Joel, it's, it's a secular state. You know, it may only be 20% of Israel today that actually practices reli, religiously, tud Judaism. The rest are just secular. You know, much like a lot of people in America are secular. And, and this is what I would say though, I think of Richard Dawkins who recently said it was so funny to hear, You know, guys who have devoted their entire lives to destroying Christianity, and then all of a sudden see the fruit of what they've labored for and say, oh wait, I didn't mean it, you know, like turns out.


And, and, And so what he said, the big line that everybody, you know, all the Christians, we couldn't help but chuckle. It was when he says, well, but I I did, you know, I'm not a Christian. Yeah, I hate Jesus, but I like to think of myself as a cultural Christian, right? He, he, 'cause he knows what cultural Islam looks like. He's like that, that doesn't sound good. I, I benefit from the freedoms and the liberties and the blessings of, of being, you know, a cultural Christian. And I don't wanna see that go away. I prefer church bells, you know, and Christmas to prayer sirens five times a day, you know, to be a dog and Yeah, exactly. And so he's saying these things. And so here's my point. Even Richard Daw Dawkins, a known atheist, recognizes that, that there is such a thing as even though there may only be, let's say there's only 40 or 30% of America's actually practicing Christians or, or regenerate Christians in the true spiritual sense.


And yet all Americans, whether they like it or not, whether they're even conscious of it or not, are swimming in a Christian milieu. There, there is a broader Christian culture. The same is true of Israel. So there may only be 20 practicing 20% practicing Talmudic Jews. But, but I would say that Israel as a nation has been shaped even for those who don't practice in the sense of cultural Judaism. So I wanted to let that play out because I think it's really important. And I think it's important, and I am not an expert on the tud, So I'm not gonna sit here. I'm sure you're not either wax poetic about theology. We'll let people who are experts speak about those things. But to see people have such, some people have such a vitriolic reaction to people saying, wait, we, we need to understand people's theology.


Like what actually does a nation of Israel believe in? 'cause we're constantly, we're, we've now attached ourselves to them, especially Their Leaders. Yes. In a theological way, right? And yet they never wanna have this discussion. Suddenly it's like instantly shut down and it's like, no, this is actually really important whether we're talking about Syria, whether we're talking about Lebanon, we're talking about Russia, whether we're talking about America to understand the values that are underpinning a nation. And I'm glad to, Especially as you say, when they invoke the Bible as why you better support, it's not just political earthly reasons we're talking about, they threaten your whole afterlife with whether you're willing to go along or not. So yes, So it, like everything should, should be on the table, then Spoke a Talmudic Jew about the Bible.


They would be very well read and speak to you about the Bible and why, you know, we should be worshiping Israel. And yet, If you spoke to, I think the average Christian in America about the Talmud, they go, I don't know what's in it. So there's no reciprocity there. And I think it is important to further those sorts of conversations. We're starting to see that crack now. But really just wanted to say to people, and we're gonna keep talking, I'm just gonna read one more ad, but just as a reminder to you that anyone that is shutting down your right to speak, to understand, to ask questions genuinely, because you don't know things. Like I genuinely am not a scholar of these things. I didn't major in theology, usually it's 'cause I have something to hide. It's, there's something dishonest there. And I think now we're starting to see Americans ask that question, which is like you're saying, you're our friend, our ally, every time we ask a simple question or or launch one critique, you're out to ruin our lives.


It doesn't feel friendly with friends like these who needs enemies.


Anyways, you guys, we are talking purely here, which reminds me of PureTalk because most of the time when a company says free, what they really mean is see the fine print. There's no shortage of ads from the big wireless carriers offering the latest iPhone for free. But If you look deeper, you'll realize to qualify you need to trade in your phone value at a thousand dollars. You also need to be on the a hundred dollars a month unlimited plan and pay $35 activation fee. That's a lot of money for a free iPhone. So do not fall for it. But PureTalk, my cell phone company has a better option. You'll get a brand new iPhone 14, which has all the bells and whistles that you need. Plus you'll get unlimited talk texts, 15 gigs of data and a mobile hotspot all for 50 bucks a month. That's half the price of the big guys. And you get a new iPhone powered by America's most dependable 5G network. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens today. Switching is easy. Plus when you go to PureTalk dot com slash owens, you'll get an additional 50% off your first month. That's PureTalk dot com slash owen PureTalk, America's wireless company.


Okay, Scott, Scott wrapping this up. I know we're going long here, but I think this is really important. Where do you see now that these conversations are happening? I, I will say, I think the older generation will forever be married to Israel. It's ingrained in their mind. They'll forever hate Russia. The crush is the enemy. I'm gonna get you Bo back so we can talk about Russia and just again reminding you guys of his book here, Dave Smith said is an absolute must read, but Dave Smith sent it to me last week, so there's no way I could have read it that quickly. But it is called Provoked and it, the subtitle here is How Washington Started the New Cold War with Russia and the Catastrophe in Ukraine. So you get in terms of the boomer generation, okay, married, we're seeing something different though.


Gen Z millennials, right? We're starting to ask questions about this relationship with Israel. We're starting to ask questions about why BB Netanyahu and is saying he's gonna pass speech laws, which is another crazy thing. Like you are a NeoCon If you do not say this is wrong. What was passed in Florida Chills speech. It is wrong that he is saying that he's got these politicians in his pocket. It is wrong that they are shutting down speech on college campuses. It was wrong when they were doing it to conservatives. It is wrong when they are doing it to, to kids that are pro-Palestine. And for those that are pretending that they're all Hama supporters. That's ridiculous. That is, that is the exact same tactics that were employed by BLM when they said that any person that stood up to 'em was a white supremacist.


It's crazy. Okay? No people that supported and backed the blue were not white supremacists. They were people that had skin in the game. Their dads were officers, their husbands were officers. And they backed the blue because they knew that those officers were risking those lies. The media said no, white supremacy is back. Same thing if someone says, Hey, it's sad that a Palestinian child died. They're like, you're a Hamas supporter. No, my name's not Bibi Netanyahu. I'm not a Hamas supporter, but I am a true Christian and I'm not gonna sit back idly when innocent lives are being lost. But anyways, going back to my question, what is your take on the direction of America, the Israel alliance, Trump in office, all of it. What do you think is going to happen? Well, I say let's squabble. I mean the Democrats just got completely beaten down.


I mean, not that they're gone forever, but their cultural hegemony that did last through Trump's first term is now crushed. Right? The the wokes, the cancel ISTs, the, the Democratic party are, they're just on the outs. So I say one hallelujah. Oh, what a relief. And two, now let's have us a big old civil war on the right now, you know, I'm a libertarian and we are nominally part of the right. We're certainly capitalists and gun owners and patriots and it's and and that there are many people on the right who are sick and tired of our Israel first foreign policy.


You mentioned evangelical Christians 20 years ago. They promised everybody, if we just support the war in Iraq, you get raptured up to heaven in your body. Well that didn't happen. John Hague is a blasphemer and a false prophet. He was lying to your mom and dad back then. Y'all are still here, died the old way. You know, none of the magic that they promised Get it Candace Middle East, right? It's prophecy coming. True. That's all you need to know is we're talking about east of the Mediterranean somewhere. So it's just like the Bible. But it was all a lie. And so people who lived through that, they know it and they resent it. And so evangelical support for Israel has fallen off a cliff when it comes to the young, the old people, as you say, they're stuck on TV and what they used to know New York ring, They don't.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You and I are watching the way, You know, I went to my folks' House watching the kids be blown up. So it's kind of hard not to believe your own eyes. I went to, I went to my folks' house and they're watching PBS NewsHour and it's ano and this is like nine months later and it's like, oh, the poor Israelis and what they went through that day. And I'm like on my phone, literally, I'm looking at a kid torn to shreds in Palestine and I'm going like, I'm sorry dude, you guys are just married to this boob tube and but for the rest of 'em, I mean, what are they gonna do? And I'll tell you, the change came, and this goes to your censorship point too. The change came in 2014. You know, they do this every once in a while. They call it mowing the grass. They just go in there slaughter the poor Palestinians. And in 2014, that was the first time that the American people overall sided with the Palestinians.


And it was because of 3G and 4G phones showing people what was happening in the Gaza Strip. And because of, even at that time before the worst of the algorithm changes, Facebook and Twitter would show, and this is old Twitter, they would show what was going on hashtag Gaza under attack and whatever. And people were looking at that and just seeing these poor Palestinians being just absolutely mercilessly bombed to little pieces while the Israelis pretend that they're the victims. And it just didn't work. It all just fell so flat. And that was a big part of why they panicked and decided that they had to take control over social media only now they've lost control of it again in the form of X at least.


Well Now a DL said we're going after TikTok. And they did they? And yeah, they were bragging about what they did. Oh, that's All about China, Candace. Oh yeah, sure. It's about China. And it's like when you get to the point that you have to start suppressing speech, it's because you can no longer win the battle of ideas. And that's where we're at right now with Israel. They're talking about suppressing speech, getting people fired, trying to just shut down the conversation. 'cause what they're doing is wrong. And any decent person could tell you that. Simple as that. If anybody out there listening, if your mom and dad could see what you're seeing on your phone all day, they'd be with us on this. And now I want to invoke this too, because as a libertarian, I'm totally bulletproof on this. I'm an individualist. I can't be a collectivist, I'll explode or something. It doesn't work. But conservatives can be kind of commy sometimes.


And So I would urge people, everyone to discriminate. And I don't mean against people, I mean between people. We can love Jews and have nothing but contempt for the state of Israel. Right. And Jews too. I mean like, and many of them do. That's right. We don't show that. Like there's so many Jews in America that are saying this is wrong, don't Agree with it. And there are people who can't, who have such trouble distinguishing and they, you know, especially, maybe they're the censored and they notice that as somebody with a medal in their name who's getting them censored and then they get all upset and then they stop discriminating carefully and they start becoming antisemitic. But the thing is too is that's all a UD party scam too, because antisemitism is good for Israel from the point of view of ud.


Remember there was a terrorist attack in France a few years ago, and Benjamin Netanyahu went to France and he said, that's right. French Jews, you are not French, you are Jews and you'll never be welcome here and you'll never be part of French society, so you might as well come home with me. And they all were like, shut up, what are you talking about? We are too French and we are not Israelis and how dare you come and do this to us. But to Netanyahu, he doesn't care to him, it makes perfect sense. If he could, you know, put money directly into the Aryan nations, he probably would, you know, in order to make American Jews frightened so that they'll make Aaliyah doing. And that is, that is exactly what they're doing.


By not telling the full narrative and constantly keeping them fearful like BBL M did with black Americans, not telling you a full narrative, constantly keeping you fearful. It's 'cause they're trying to marry you to something other through your identity. Identity politics sucks. I'll never support it. Scott, I'm so grateful that you joined us today, giving you guys a couple of his books. Enough already time to end the War on Terrorism. One that he recommended Reclaiming the American right, which is written by Justin Ryman Raimondo. And lastly, this is the big one that Dave Smith says is an absolute must read Provoked How Washington Started the New Cold War with Russia and the Catastrophe in Ukraine. We are gonna have him back in the new year to speak specifically about Russia and Ukraine. We were supposed to do that today actually. Then I'm just too far up about his, about Syria and just the amount of people who are pretending like we weren't behind everything that's happening.


But I wanna say this in conclusion, you guys please pray for Christians genuinely support independent work. You guys know you can support us on locals. We are not monetized on YouTube because an account named Awesome Jew led an assault to make sure that I got demonetized because censoring speech is the only way to go. But you know, unbeliev, I One of the most prominent political voices in America on by any measure. And you can't be monetized on YouTube. Yes. Now I can see them getting away with that for a minute, but they just got away with that permanently. And that's just how it is. It is unbelievable. Yeah, because they attack your money, your financials. But I'm, like I said, I'm happy because I know that God gave me the platform that I have and for people to, to watch it happen.


It's important, it's important for them to hear what I say, to listen to this episode and to see the media respond to it. 'cause it further fractures their relationship with the media. And they will recognize actually, who's the bad guy in this scenario? Because it doesn't really sound like Candace. She's advocating for life, she's advocating for national sovereignty. She's saying that innocent Palestinian shouldn't be murdered and she's losing her whole life over that. I'm okay with that. I, I, I, I give everything to God and I'm grateful for what you guys, you're doing the right thing. Can't wait to read your comments. We will see you guys tomorrow.