
All right, you guys. Happy Wednesday. I am trying so hard to be on maternity leave and I am failing. I am failing in that endeavor. I had to come back today because I received an irresistible scoop regarding the Taylor Swift, Blake Lively saga. The scoop that nobody has, absolutely nobody has. And it is going to shake you. I'm asking people in the chat, who do you think it is that got Taylor Swift to turn on? Blake Lively and there's a lot of guesses right now and I'm not seeing the right guests so far. So we're gonna cover that. Plus a lot of you guys were very concerned on Monday when I kind of briefly mentioned way too casually probably that someone did indeed try to kill me or was plotting to kill me while I was on break and I was not joking at all.


I'm gonna tell you guys about that person who has pled guilty, has not yet been sentenced and it is indeed a federal case. So a lot discussed today. Let's jump right in. Welcome back to Candace. Look, I know there are a lot of people who do not understand my, your everybody's obsession with this particular case, but I want you guys to know those of you that do not understand that the problem is definitely you guys, okay? It is like coming across people who don't understand the fandom of Harry Potter.


That's how I feel right now. And we're like seven books in right now on this Blake Lively saga. And people are like, I don't understand why you like this. And I'm like, this is a story about a baby who an evil dark wizard tried to murder. He was an innocent baby. Lord Voldemort just tried to murder while it was sitting in the crib, okay? That's what happened here. Justin Baldoni was an innocent baby sitting in the crib and a dark Lord tried to murder him for absolutely no reason. And luckily he had this wonderful spell for those of you that follow Harry Potter of love, love from his cousin that seems to be protecting him. Love from people that have been following the saga. Like I said, we're seven. We're seven books in. We're not going away. Okay? Now I tried to go away on maternity leave.


I did. I said I'm stepping away. And I have to assume here that Brian Friedman absolutely despises me because it seems like he waited until I was vulnerable, until I was postpartum to serve the mother of all subpoenas a subpoena to Taylor Swift, right? Or so we thought because there were tons of news, it's all the headlines. I was like, oh, the subpoena has gone out regarding this subpoena. But then when I went to go look for it, I couldn't find it. It's like reportedly a, A subpoena was served of Taylor Swift. I want you to think about that. You've seen a ton of headlines about the subpoena. You've seen her team react to the subpoena, but you haven't actually read the subpoena as that subpoena even been filed.


Remember that? Now first let's back up. I have been saying since day one that if Wayfair Studios and all the other parties want this lawsuit to end, Brian Fe Friedman has got to just serve Taylor Swift. Now why was I saying that? Because obviously she was involved here. Okay? It was just obvious from day one things were looking a little funny. Taylor Swift had some involvement. Now, it wasn't just her song, it was also she came out of a relationship. She was with Blake a lot, being photographed with Blake and Ryan all throughout New York City, kind of in her like I'm back to single Taylor Swift era looking for something to do. Then we read the text messages, they're dropping Taylor Swift's name. We learn from both Blake and Justin Baldoni and the actress Isabella Ferre, that also Taylor Swift had a hand and picking her for the role.


Must supposed to believe that all of those three are liars, including with each other. Taylor Swift was involved. We also learned allegedly, I'm saying all of this allegedly, allegedly, that Taylor Swift got Brian Tyler the composer fired, didn't like him. She had some old beef with him. They brought in a new composer, but last minute, you know, it's just a lot of like Taylor Swift stuff going on. And then she did the kind of the disappearing act, which is Taylor Swift's move when she's flying a little too close to the sun, it's her thing. That's what she does. Tree, tree pain. Her Savage PR person from forever always knows when Taylor Swift is too close and Icarus has gotta go away, okay? And I said, you gotta subpoena her because A, she's involved and also because they are never going to allow Taylor Swift to go down.


Who am I saying when I say they? The Taylor Swift enterprise, the team, okay, they will do literally anything to prevent Taylor Swift's text messages from being seen by the public. That's you and me. Why is that? Because Taylor Swift is worth $1.6 billion. My friends try it. Why don't you try being worth $1.6 billion? You understand how many people live and eat off of Taylor Swift? How many livelihoods depend upon her squeaky clean image? You know, the perpetual 13-year-old image suite friendship bracelets? They're gonna protect that with everything that they have. And I suspect, I don't know, again, I'm saying allegedly a Taylor Swift might not be that nice If you were friends with her.


If you knew her, actually knew the real Taylor, you might get to know a different side of her. She might not be 13 years old, is all I'm saying. Okay, so finally I go on maternity leave and Brian Friedman does the thing he, he seeks to subpoena her allegedly and her team immediately. Taylor 15 comes out and they issue a scathing response. And the statement to the press, I'm gonna read it here, A rep for Taylor Swift told the media, Taylor Swift never set foot on the set of this movie. She was not involved in any casting or creative decisions. I don't believe that she did not score the film, okay? We didn't accuse her of that. She never saw an edit or made any notes on the film. She did not even see it ends with us until weeks after its public release.


We didn't ask that, by the way. We never said she scored the film or made notes on the film. We actually said that she read the script. So this is all like saying stuff that is not being said. It goes on. And she was traveling around the globe during 2023 and 2024, headlining the biggest tour in history. Super humble here. The connection Taylor had to this film was permitting the use of one song. My tears ricochet given that her involvement was licensing a song for the film, which 19 other artists also did this document. Subpoena is designed to use Taylor Swift's name to draw public interest by creating tabloid clickbait instead of focusing on the facts of the case end quote.


So that's a lot of words to say that you are terrified, okay? I guess this is not a normal response to a subpoena If you don't have what they are seeking, right? If someone subpoenas me and says, Candace, I want the text messages between you and Blake Lively, I don't need to issue a response to the media 'cause I don't have text messages between me and Blake, lively chain, Justin Baldoni, I don't have 'em. So I just have to tell the court I don't have that. It doesn't exist. I literally had nothing to do with this. And so it's very easy, and this happens By the way, I get dragged in subpoenaed a million times in different lawsuits. They think I'm involved and I just say, I'm sorry your Honor. I have not even one message to that effect and that's it.


But they are signaling hard body that there's something here and they're kind of freaking out here. 'cause their plan didn't work to send her away and say she bought a puppy with Travis Kelsey, leave her alone. She's off tour, she's tired, didn't work. Like I said, not a normal response. Way too emotional. And what happened next really in the media was kind of a flash in the pan. Most people didn't realize that we never actually saw that subpoena to Taylor Swift. What we saw, and I'm gonna pull you up, I put together this little tagline for you guys was a subpoena to Venable, LLP, okay? I'm gonna walk you guys through this. So on April 28th, Wayfair Studios sends an email heads up to Venable, LLP, that is Taylor Swift's law firm, okay?


They're specifically requesting between communications between Taylor Swift's attorney at that law firm whose name is Jay Douglas Baldridge, and Blake Lively's attorney whose name is Michael Gottlieb. Now I'm gonna show you Jay Douglas Baldridge here in a photo. He has represented Swift forever dating back to her sexual assault case, which she won against the radio host. He's been with her for a long time. So he is getting this subpoena via the firm that he works for at Venable LLP. And they're asking him for messages between him and Michael Gottlieb. And this is a photo of Michael Gottlieb, who is Blake Lively's attorney. So that happened on April 28th. On 29th that subpoena officially went out through the courtroom.


And what happens next on May 2nd, you can see in his timeline is that Venable responds, Taylor's law firm respond. They confirm they have received the email, received the subpoena, and they say that they're evaluating whether they're going to object to the subpoena, but they want further clarification on what is being sought. So not exactly as strong, what are you talking about, you crazy person, but like what's, what do you, what do you know I guess would be the question? And on May 12th, 10 days later, Taylor Swift's law firm files to have the subpoena quash. They're like, we don't wanna be involved in this. Please get us. We shouldn't have to abide by this subpoena. And then the day after, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds consolidate as you know, co-defendants and they similarly file a motion to have the Venable LLP subpoena wash.


So they're all teaming up going this subpoena, this cannot happen. You cannot see these messages. I'm going, well wait, why are Blake Lively's lawyer and Taylor Swift's lawyer messaging at all? What does Brian Friedman know? What do the Wayfair parties know? That's interesting. Right? So what happens next is their excuse, by the way, when they filed on May 13th, they basically said, and I'll read you that the law firm Venable LLP, does not represent any party to this action. So they don't represent Wayfair, they don't represent Blake. Why? Why are you pursuing anything via a subpoena to them? And we want this dropped. Okay? So then what happens is Brian Friedman writes a letter to Judge Lehman and this is what you guys saw in the media because we went, whoa, what is going on here?


He is saying a lot, he drops a major bomb on his May 14th letter to Judge Lewis Lehman. And I'm gonna read this in its entirety. We can pull it up here. The Wayfair parties anticipate that Venables motion to quash will be mooted in short order as their counsel and Venable are conferring in good faith. So he's saying we're the subpoena is moot anyways because in the background I'm communicating the Wayfair parties are communicating with Taylor Swift's law firm in good faith. So we don't really need to do this through the legal system. Then he says, however, the Lively defendants insistence that the subpoena seeks irrelevant information is wrong. The subpoena aims to obtain discovery relating to witness tampering and evidence.


Spoilation, specifically the Wayfair Party's counsel are informed and believed based on information from a source who is highly likely to have reliable information that Blake requested that Taylor Swift delete their text messages. And two, that Michael Gottlieb, who is Blake's lawyer counsel for the lively defendants, contacted a Venable attorney that is Taylor Swift's attorney who represents Ms. Swift and demanded that Ms. Swift release a statement of support to Miss Lively intimating. That if Miss Swift refused to do so, then private text messages of a personal nature in Miss Lively's possession would be released.


Okay? So essentially he's saying they tried to extort Taylor Swift to come out and make a statement in support of Justin Baldoni major bomb tons of tiktoks have covered. This is not new information, I'm just going over this slowly because there's some dogs that aren't barking here. But I have to point out to you, okay, by the way, I just wanna say Michael Gottlieb, if these allegations are true, and I believe that they are, that there was some extortion, given the nature of the subpoena, which is very specific, the only excuse for trying to extort Taylor Swift and thinking that you're gonna get away with it is crack cocaine, right? It's like crystal meth. You gotta be on a very specific strand of crystal meth to believe that this is going to be a good play to call up Taylor Swift turn and be like, well we've got these messages about, you know, this long friendship between these two girls and she knows the real Taylor and if she doesn't come out right now and support her in this suit against Justin Bald, she's going down.


That to me just sounds like maybe the crystal meth that they kept referencing in that weird skits, that weird promo skit that Ryan Reynolds did. It feels to me like a Ryan Reynolds job. Like he called up Michael Gottlieb and said like this is what we should do to force her to support Blake. Something he would do something he would come up with very bad idea. Okay, now I'm gonna read because he then signed off on an affidavit, a sworn statement that this actually happened. That he had this information, it was legit. And this is exactly how Brian Friedman is saying that he received this information. He says, I'm a partner at Friedman Talman and Cooley and then we're gonna go down to number three on February 14th, 2025, Valentine's Day, no less.


I received a voicemail from a person very closely linked to Taylor Swift, whom I subsequently called back the same day out of respect for the individual in question. I am not identifying them at this point. However, should the court direct me to do So, I will comply with the court's order. So right there, we know Brian's telling the truth, he's signing a sworn affidavit and he's also saying he got a voicemail. You can't really fake a voicemail. He's a lawyer. He's in the middle of a lawsuit. He obviously recorded the voicemail. He has it, he has it. He's weighing to drop it, he's singling, he wants to drop it, right? He's saying, unless the court compels me to do it, I gotta comply with the court order. But right now I'm gonna protect this person. Okay? He goes on and he says during the February 14th phone call, which lasted approximately one hour, the speaker told me that they had been informed that Jay Douglas Baldridge, that's Taylor Swift's lawyer, counsel for Taylor Swift and a partner at Venable had received a phone call from Michael Gottlieb, counsel for Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds, during which Mr.


Gottlieb requested on Miss Lively's behalf that Taylor Swift make a social media statement in support of Ms. Lively given her absence from the Super Bowl that year and stated that if Ms. Swift failed to do so, Ms. Lively would release 10 years. He puts that in quotation marks of private text messages with Ms. Swift. The individual also told me that they had been informed that Mr. Baldridge had accused Mr. Gottlieb of extortion and ended the call. Okay? I believe all of this. And If you read the subpoena defendable, it's very clear, but he's specifically asking for a text message which took place after this call, which would confirm that that was the nature of the call.


So maybe they got off the call and Douglas Baldridge was like, I can't believe you would try to extort my client. Are you crazy? Or out of your mind Michael Gottlieb replies, there's something here. And like I said, this is the truth. There'd be no reason for Brian Friedman to sign a sworn affidavit and lie, be willing to lie under oath. He'd have to be an totally crazed person. He always brings the receipts. I buy this. So in response to this, by the way, we get a statement from Michael Gottlieb who is strongly denying that this took place. So I wanna pull up his statement, give me one second, which is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous that you want us to believe that Brian Friedman completely went for broke and lied to all of us.


He responds and he says, we unequivocally deny all of these so-called allegations which are cowardly sourced to suppose anonymous sources and completely untethered from reality. This is what we have come to expect from the Wayfarer party's lawyers who appear to love nothing more than shooting first without any evidence and with no care for the people they are harming in the process. We'll imminently file motions with the court to hold these attorneys accountable for their misconduct here. So he's just hoping that the judge says, you know what? I don't like this and I'm not gonna grant this subpoena. And so you're not, we're not gonna get those messages 'cause he is lying. I mean it's, I'm just saying it's right here. I feel, I sense very strongly that Michael Gottlieb this phone call went, went down and I know it went down, okay?


Because like I said, Brian Freeman has a very strong record of the truth. He loves to drop the receipts. That's why the public is on Justin Baldos side in the first place. But here's, here's the big drum roll you guys, you are not gonna believe this. You're not gonna believe this. Who was this person who was this unexpected dragon that has now served Blake Lively and Brian Reynolds on a silver platter, right? Because this person had to say, this is the exact message that you have the subpoena. And why is that relevant? Because if there is proof that Blake Lively told Taylor Swift to delete text messages back in December when she first filed this lawsuit, well you only tell somebody to delete text messages that prove that the person in the other side of this case is telling the truth, right?


So she's telling her to delete text message, text messages that would disprove her narrative. So that person delivered that to Brian Friedman on a silver platter. Who would have access to that? Those messages could have only come into Taylor Swift's phone. So this person does indeed have to be very close to Taylor Swift. And then you get the second element of this, this, which is gonna make the court upset that you are telling me that they not only like witness tampered but also then tried to extort. And I love the fact that this is over the Super Bowl because it just shows you how vain Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively are like, it's February and Taylor Sopa made a statement and they're like, oh my gosh, we were with her last year at at the Super Bowl and we're not with her this year.


And that looks really bad. So like, oh we should, we like extort her. I don't know, like should we just like extort her to make a statement in support of us so people don't realize that we're not there and we're not friends with her? Yeah, that's a really good idea. Have our lawyer call her lawyer and extort her? Allegedly. Allegedly. So who was the person who was unexpected Dragon who was the person that very clearly after this Super Bowl thing got upset? Drum roll please. You guys allegedly, allegedly Taylor Swift's father Scott Swift. I love this so much you guys, you guys, this means the mother of Dragons Kaisei forgot that there could be a father to the dragon, a father to her dragon Taylor Swift, this Savage man, Scott Swift is gonna turn me into a swifty.


When I say a Swifty, I don't mean a Taylor Swift fan, okay? I mean a Scott Swift fan because this was a savage move. And then, by the way, I wanna be clear, the reason why I respect this move is because it's his daughter. Okay? I'm always going to respect a parent that is willing to burn it all down to the ground to protect their kid, okay? There's an element of that that as a parent real gonna recognize real. And Scott Swift played me. He saw me, Scott Swift saw me, fisherman always, he's another fisherman. He saw me salivating for these text messages. He saw me being like, we're gonna see the real Taylor Swift. And he was like, no, no Candace, the world will never meet the real Taylor Swift. But what clearly set him off, given the timeline of you see, you see a phone call allegedly coming in on February 14th, it would've been this extortion attempt and I wouldn't try it.


I keep trying to tell people, Taylor Swift's parents are not from nowhere. They're not nobodies. Scott Swift, what's his background? Stockbroker, okay, her family was so financially successful that when their little girl said, I wanna be a singer, they up and moved her to Nashville, okay? Got her in touch with all the right people and Scott took a percentage of the company that signed his daughter, 5% of the company that signed his daughter. Like he's a financially savvy. You don't come around and try to play any game with a person that is financially savvy. He's so financially savvy that he established the financial advisor group at Merrill Lynch where he's worked forever at Merrill Lynch that is called the Swift Group.


It's called the Swift Group, it's his, the whole group is his. And he's giving people that financial advice. And I'm sure that if he could have given Blake and Ryan any financial advice, it would've been don't, don't do any of this. Okay? And so your Daddy Swift and you receive word that someone is in possession of 10 years of text messages in relationship that she thought was a friendship and that're threatening to just release stuff. You know, implying having your lawyer say, remind your client that Blake has 10 years of text messages. They were friends for 10 years. It would probably be best if she just issued a statement of support.


You didn't threaten Taylor Swift, my friend, you, you kind of threatened an entire empire. The ERAS tour alone, according to Bloomberg, generated more than $4.3 billion for the United States GDP, okay? $4.3 billion just for the United States. It was a global tour. Okay? So you're gonna come around, you're just gonna threaten everybody that ate eats off of Taylor Swift by saying, we're gonna show you the real Taylor Swift. And you don't think that daddy or mommy dragon is gonna wake up and be like, it's not going down like this. And he fired a shot straight at them. He wants to to know, even in following the subpoena that yeah, we're working with them because nobody else should have this message.


Okay? So Blake and Ryan are reading list, they're freaking out. They understand now that Taylor Swift is not their friend, okay? That Taylor Swift's dad is saying, you wanna go to war, let's go to war. And what does this mean for Ryan and Blake? They probably should back down immediately. 'cause you are not winning a war with somebody that can inspire $4.3 billion for the United States GDP by going on tour. Okay? You're not, you're just not gonna win that war at all. What are they gonna do? I don't know. We know their personalities are extremely vain. Ryan has some tendencies. I would say he's definitely crazy. My, it's my perspective, Ryan is definitely crazy. And the last thing, the last card they have to play is to release Taylor Swift's text messages they could just release to the public.


It's irrelevant for this case case as far as I'm concerned, is unofficially over. It's over right now. They have let you know it's over because they're gonna, they've served her up on a platter, okay? We didn't delete the messages, we still have the messages. Also, you're an idiot, Blake, for thinking that texting someone and saying delete the messages means that no one can ever find these messages. Like that's like, come on Blake, come on girl. It's not how it works. It's not how it works in tech land. You can't just delete the message and then it's over forever. And now people are gonna wonder what that message was that you wanna delete it and they're playing ball with Justin's camp. So you gotta fold, you gotta fold and you better fold real quick.


But I love this because I love me a mommy sleuth a daddy, sleuth a mom and a dad backing up. I have respect that I got beat here. And I gotta tell you guys, honestly, we're never seeing these messages. I told you forever we were gonna see them. I felt confident, but I got taken down by this dragon, even me, my hopes, my dreams taken down. We're never re Taylor. We're gonna believe, we're gonna have to believe that Taylor Swift is a sweet 13-year-old girl for the rest of our lives. Okay? So roll up your sleeves. We're all swifties now. You must respect game when you see it. And I completely respect this move that Scott Swift allegedly, allegedly played. And that's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


All Right guys, I wanna tell you about Stopbox because let's be real. Owning a handgun for self-defense comes with serious responsibility. You need it secure, but also accessible when it matters. Most too often that means choosing between locking it away or leaving it out vulnerable to kids, guests, or intruders. That's the problem that stock box USA set out to solve. And they nailed it with the stock Stopbox Pro. It's a 100% mechanical keyless, battery free lockbox that gives you instant controlled access to your firearm. No electronics, keys or codes required, no keys or apps. Just a patented five button locking system that responds only to your unique input. It's fast, intuitive, and built for muscle memory so you're not thinking when you're reacting and when the seconds matter most. That makes all the difference with Stopbox Pro. You don't have to trade safety for speed or peace of mind for readiness. Your firearm stays secure but always within reach for a limited time. Only my viewers are getting a crazy deal on top of the Memorial Day sale. My viewers are getting 10% off your entire order If you use code Candace at checkout. And for Memorial Day, they're offering buy one get one free, plus a free gift that's 10% off and a big Memorial Day sale discount when you use code Candace at Stopbox USA dot com slash Candace. Discover a better way to balance security and readiness with Stopbox. Visit Stopbox USA dot com slash Candace today.


Also reminding you about The Wellness Company because you guys have probably heard by now that RFK Junior is taking methylene blue to stay focused, energized, and mentally resilient. Now you can experience those same benefits with recharge from The Wellness Company. This doctor formulated nutraceutical is the first to combine methylene blue with ULI A, creating a unique formula designed to optimize mitochondrial function, improve energy, and elevate cognitive performance. Methylene blue crosses the blood brain barrier to enhance your memory focus and executive function by increasing your A TP production, the true fuel of your cells. It also works as a potent antioxidant anti-inflammatory, helping protect against aging and cellular damage. If you're looking for a real mental and physical edge, recharge delivers. So just head to TWC Health slash Candace and use Code Candace and you'll get 15% off plus free shipping. Feel the difference and think clearer with a recharge. Visit TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace today.


All right you guys. Now I've gotta tell you this story 'cause so many of you guys are messaging me going, what happened? And honestly, I could use your help because I'm not really sure what did happen. And many of you guys are always so concerned about my health and my safety because we go in and we talk about these deep topics and when you really get into history and you start looking backward, you start to upset powerful structures, people that have had power for a very long time and are willing to kind of be deranged. And when it comes to defending that power, obviously covering the Jit Macron series, I mean there's been a lot of concern all around and I just try to keep a healthy perspective about all that stuff. But it is true that the FBI opened a case and I'm gonna tell you about that.


I was not happy with the way that this went down. And I hope that I can get more information, particularly from those of you who live in New Jersey because it seems that a lot of the assaults on my life have been coming from that area. So I will kind of give a lead up to this. Obviously, you know, I've had a very long years, long back forth with Rabbi Schmoley. He's a totally deranged rabbi who is insane. And when anybody stands up to him, he calls them antisemitic. He is rabid. He's being sued right now for trying to extort a Jewish family that owned the font and Blue Hotel that owns the font and Blue Hotel in Miami. So he's kind of an equal opportunity offender. Excu accuses everybody of antisemitism, including Jews, including, you know, Jews that run hotels in Miami.


And I think everybody agrees he's insane. But what happened on September 4th of last year and a series of events was I went on Pi Morgan to debate Rabbi Schmoley after he was calling me anti-Semitic. It went very badly for Rabbi Schmoley as Pi Morgan pulled clips like he was lying live about things I had said I had never said. And then Pi Morgan was able to debunk that on, on September 4th, in particular, this particular part of the debate, I was making an argument that we have to recognize that there are radicals. Like holding the title Rabbi doesn't mean anything and there are radicals amongst every religion or, and there are radical sex that break out. And here is exactly what I said that warranted according to this person who was running this group, chat him to try to kill me.


So here is what I said to Rabbi Schmoley on September 4th of last year. One of the things that the world is recognizing and what we've always recognized is that there are radical fringe sex that break out within every single religion, amongst every race. There's white supremacy, there's black supremacy, there's radical Islam, there are all of these Christ cults around the world. And I think right now it's important for people to understand that radical Judaism is also a thing and you just, you're watching an example of it right now on your screen. The person sitting across from me or sitting, sitting next to me, I guess posted on his Facebook page in 2016, a tribute to someone who he said was his mentor. That was Rabbi Medicum Sen. He said he was his mentor and his friend.


Now, for those of you who are not familiar with Rabbi Schneerson, there were some Jews who believed that he was and is the Messiah. So rejecting Christ but believing that that rabbi was his Messiah. Now, you may remember in the news recently there was this radicalized faction of the Lubovitch Orthodox community in Brooklyn that were digging tunnels in Brooklyn and hurling benches at police officers. Well, and by the way, this is per the times of Israel, that faction of individuals are followers of Rabbi Schneerson. So again, you, you have Rabbi M who who believes that that's his mentor. They believe that he was the Messiah. What is it like becomes important to understand what did Rabbi Schneerson preach? Well, he preached Jewish supremacism, the hatred of all non-Jews.


And you don't have to take my word for it, because if I said it, they would say that's antisemitism. You should instead take the word of the two Jewish professors who translated his work. Those authors names were Israel Shaha and Norton Masinsky. And their book was entitled Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. So I then proceeded to share those quotations, which again came from authors, Israeli authors, and it caused an insane reaction in my life. Pretty much days after this, YouTube completely demonetized me, and it was led by an account on X called Awesome Jew who was telling people to mass report my YouTube channel. And we were not able to get re monetized until early this year.


It lasted for a very long time. The person took credit for that despite us showing YouTube that all of these reports came in on that day, they hit a ton of our videos and then they fully demonetized us and we were able to learn that that awesome Jew account, the person who was running it lives in New Jersey. Okay? Then on September 10th, and this is according to the Department of Justice of Justice, they, there was a person who posted a video making threats against my life saying that he was going to kill me. My husband and I were shortly thereafter contacted by the FBI. They didn't give us any details, they just said that your name has come up in an investigation, we can't tell you anymore. We're, you know, we're closing on this investigation.


Then in October when this individual was arrested, they still did not tell us his name, they called contacted me and my husband and they said, the suspect has been apprehended. We will tell you more in the future. But you know, and my husband just said is our, like, is our life at ri I mean, are is there, do we have any safety concerns? Is there more that we should know about this? And they said no. So we knew nothing. Fast forward to this year in April, my husband gets another phone call from the FBI and they say, we're gonna send you a pamphlet on what it means to be a victim and what your rights are. Still did not tell us that a man had been arrested in October 25th. They didn't tell us his name rather of who had been arrested and what the charges were and what the threats were to my life.


We got a pamphlet in the mail. And then on May 6th we find out that this individual pled guilty. And after he pled guilty, they finally informed me of the name of this individual. And his name is Haim Braverman. And yes, he is connected to Olivier. So what better way to make an argument that you're not radical and insane other than trying to kill someone for saying that you're a radical and that things have gotten out of hand and that they're, these, these radical sex do exist. This hit the news before my husband and I were ever given this person's name. And I have to tell you what's really terrifying about this is we are asking the DOJ to sh to share with us the other 39 individuals that were in this group chat.


Okay? We were told that this individual made a group on social media of a like-minded people who were angry about my peers Morgan appearance. And, and in this group he began transmitting death threats against me and saying that he was serious, that he was going to murder me. He showed the weapon, told the individuals that if you're not comfortable with discussing weapons at this stage, then get out of this chat. And this is a quotation from the DOJ report. Yo, he said this in his video, you'll get what's coming to you. I've never met someone that I could effing kill you right now. He then had a steel bat in his hands and said that he was going to steal me, kill me with a steel bat.


Said that I, that he would beat me with that. That he wouldn't even stop, that he would kill me until I was dead. And he quite literally said, in this video, I am threatening a death sentence against Candace Owens and writing this in a chat. What really alarms me here is 39 other people knew about this. 39 other people were in this chat and understood that he wanted to kill me. And he was serious about this. And none of them thought to reach out to me. None of them reached out to me on social media and said, Hey, I'm in this chat and I don't like you. I disagree with you in your stance on Israel and maybe you're, I'm a fan of Rabbi Schmoley, but this is wrong. And I'd like to think that that would've happened that one of the 39 other people in this chat, in this chat, to be clear, was started by Hy Braverman.


Haine Braverman, I don't know if I'm saying his name correctly. He also goes by Hy Braverman, HY Braverman, not to be confused with another individual with that exact same name that lives in Connecticut. He lives in New Jersey, to be clear. And the FBI still has not given us a photo of him. We don't have a photo of him, we don't have a photo of his arrest. We can't find anything on the internet. It seems like everything has been somewhat purged from the internet. And that makes me very uncomfortable. It, it doesn't feel to me like this was done to protect me, but rather to tell me the very end of things after things were cleaned up. And it just, again, I'm just, I'm very discomforted by everything that went down here. And So I did ask the public If you, this person does have a record, there should be a mugshot out there.


Somebody knows something. This person lives in New Jersey and has a job and somebody should perhaps, if I say hi, I'm Braverman, be able to send us a photo of him, a clear photo of him or more information. And so you can send that to us tips at Candace Owens dot com If you can find anything about, hi, I'm Braverman. As we continue, we are in conversations, productive conversations with the OJ and the FBI. They have been speaking with my legal team with, with my lawyer Noah, about this. And I am insisting that ahead of his sentencing, that I learn more about him. He's scheduled to be sentenced in September of this year. And I am allowed to give a statement and I am going to obviously be asking that just to the full extent of a law that he's prosecuted.


This is insane. People shouldn't have to look over their shoulders because they make a sound argument. Either you can debate that argument, but these threatening to kill one another over political disagreements is an absolute nonsense. And I maintain my position that there are radical religious cults. And the idea that someone can simply call you anti-Semitic or threaten to kill you for pointing that out is ridiculous. Anyways, I I wanted to leave it at that. And yeah, a lot of you guys were asking me, by the way, about my opinion, I guess I shouldn't say speaking of, but also why I was on maternity leave, I guess is a good way to pivot it.


Kanye's, Kanye dropped the song, I guess that is the only way to say it. Kanye dropped a song that can now be heard nowhere. And you know, Kanye does what Kanye wants to do. And obviously despite the fact that this song, which is entitled Hail Hitler, has been banned everywhere, he did post the music video on X on May 8th. It currently has over 10 million views. And of course I think that is called the dry sand Effect. When you, when you ban something, people are only gonna wanna listen to it harder. As I've said yesterday, I'm extremely disappointed in how catchy the beat is. It, you hear it once and it does knock, get out of your head, but it does foster a conversation and one that I think yay has been trying to have for a very long time on what we deem to be acceptable speech and what we deem to be speech that's worth banning.


And I can just tell you that, you know, as a Black American, you can download a song and ev millions of songs and hear the n word dropped every second of a song. And it's not problematic. And it's not grounds for having a song banned on Spotify or on Apple. And I would bet that if somebody made a song and it's, they said, you know, hail Henrique Goda who mass murdered Christians factually speaking, murdered way more people than Adolf Hitler did, that's just a fact that Spotify wouldn't move to ban it. I just have a feeling that if someone said, hail ya goda, that that song wouldn't be banned. And so irrespective of the people who didn't listen to the lyrics when he spoke about how despite all the money and power that he has, he still can't see his kids.


And they have turned him into this persona non grata. Despite even debating the artistic merit of the song, it does foster a conversation about why this particular song is banned when we allow virtually every slur against women, against black people to play on the airwaves. Doesn't matter whether you're talking about you, you could say pretty much virtually every word that you want in a song. And yet him writing a chorus that says all my N words, Nazis, he didn't get, he didn't get banned for saying the N word. He got banned for saying Hail Hitler. And so it's interesting to see people now having that debate and having that discussion. At the end of the day, we all have to just respect the fact that Kanye is a very good producer when it comes to beats.


And no matter how much you hate this song, you know, it's catchy and that that beat was in your head and when nobody looked, you kind of, you know, did a little bit of a dance. Tim Dylan had a very funny skit on that, which I shared on my ex feed. And it's really funny to see comedians taking on that song. All Right guys, before I get to your comments, oh, a person who just said this in the chat, that Wop is way more offensive. A thousand percent agreed, a thousand percent agreed. And it was totally allowed on the airwaves, not only allowed on the airwaves, won a Grammy and won a Grammy. So we actually reward it. I think when it's slurs against women or it's, you know, something that's very denigrating to women like Wop was we award it and yeah, anyways, before I get to your comments or remind you about American Financing, because inflation is eating away at everything.


Gas, groceries, home repairs, and if you're a homeowner, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? And you second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you currently have. That low rate is not saving you If you are drowning in credit card interest in 25% or more. That's the math that no one wants to face. But it is costing you thousands actually. And here's the truth, if you're only making minimum payments, that debt will follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. There's no upfront fees, there's no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could save every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments.


So call American Financing today, (800) 795-1210. Again, the number is 807 9 5 12 10 or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing net slash Owens reminding you guys, book club is tonight. We had trouble yesterday for whatever reason we were not able to get on a live feed that has been corrupt, has been corrupted, has been corrected. So we will have the book Club two tonight at 6:00 PM Eastern as we continue discussing Hollywood Babylon because it, I have realized that they have made so many changes to this book that it's kind of terrifying. And also wanna remind you guys, for all of you new moms that a shot in the dark, a new episode is out where we discuss Prevnar, that is episode 19 as we continue going through all of the toxins that they try to put into your children's perfect bodies.


Yes, I also owe you guys a birth story episode, which will be fun. You heard already? Yes or on Monday from me that DCS did indeed visit my home. I let them in to come see and inspect how I'm abusing or if I'm abusing my children rather, or how I'm abusing. If you big pharma, your perspective is it's abuse not to give a newborn baby tons of toxins. It's like, I mean I, I help this baby for nine months, baby. It's not suddenly become yours as soon as it comes out of my womb. And the hospital reported me to DCS And I gotta tell you that story, it'll be a long birth story. I don't know if I'll, maybe I'll do it on YouTube next week, just while it's fresh in my mind, everything that happened, yeah, they definitely chose the wrong mama.


But anyways, new parents, you absolutely should watch a shot in the dark. It is probably, I think, the most significant investment that you could possibly make. Not get bullied by pediatricians without having the questions that you can ask them back. It's not gonna, it's not a push for you not to vaccinate your child, it's, it truly is a series that's dedicated just educating you so that fear does not manipulate you to make decisions that you wouldn't make otherwise. That you actually have facts on your side and you can go to a doctor and say, well actually here is a chart from the American Association for Pediatricians or whatever it's called. Here's an a MA chart American Medical Association chart, and why are you pushing this on me? What are the actual risks to my child? You don't have to just, you know, be silly putty because they're using a bunch of medical jargon and making you feel like they're more intelligent than you.


They're not actually, they just memorize stuff in school and then tell you to vaccinate your children, tell you to give your kids the covid shots without any logical reason as to why when children had virtually no risk of dying from covid. Anyways, enough about that. Let's jump into some of your comments. Let's see what you guys have to say today. Oh my gosh, guys. We're at 50, 50,000 people watching live. I love that for me. Thank you so much. Okay, first up we have, let me scroll down here Tanya. Tanya writes, can you please check the Paval Derah thing? He said that the French government approached him to silence conservative voices in Romania ahead of presidential elections. I did not see that.


And I definitely will check that. And I believe that because the French government wants to silence me and the becoming British, they're out of control. The French government is absolutely out of control. There's no another way to say it. It's Archie writes, welcome back. I'm so glad as your pregnancy was great outside of the crazy home visit. Are you going to cover the Diddy stuff? Yes, I'm not actually back, I did just pop in today. I'll probably pop in with Ian tomorrow to discuss the Diddy case because I'm very interested in that. And there's tons of stuff that people are missing, dogs that aren't barking, as I always say. And so me and Ian will probably team up because he was kind of the first person at least that I saw that did a deep dive on all the Diddy stuff that connected it to the MJ trial. It was one of his videos that I saw on TikTok a while ago. And So I thought it would be good for he and I to team up and discuss what's going on with this case because I think it's a massive distraction to be honest with you.


Anonymous Wright, I think Ryan Reynolds will literally burn the house down. I think they will release the Taylor Swift text messages. Yeah, I could see him doing it, but who is he releasing it to? Tree Payne. Her PR person controls the media. Those messages are not gonna be just randomly released. I mean, I'll take 'em Ryan, If you wanna take 'em and give 'em to me, I'll take 'em. But Scott won't let it happen. He'll come for me, he'll come for me real hard. I think Mommy Swift and, and Daddy Swift are another level. But yeah, Ryan has it in him. He is vengeful and angry and he holds onto anger for a very long time as we have seen. And like I said, I think he's the main person behind all of this stuff. I only, he could have thought of something so tragically stupid as to try to allegedly extort Taylor Swift into making a message in support for his wife.


Misty writes, I don't think they'll release them because the Swift PR power will buy them up and keep 'em off the internet. Just what I said before, you said that too much power and money behind Taylor. Hopefully this push Taylor away from those toxic people. Yeah, I do have to say in defense of Taylor Swift, crappy friends, I mean, wow, that's it. That you think you have a friend for 10 years and of course as the years go on, you trust each other more. You say things to each other that you wouldn't say to the public, you'd probably think about like a sister that you've never had. And then all that happens is your sister makes up some stuff and she's worried about how people will perceive her image 'cause she, she's not gonna the Super Bowl and she's now willing to threaten you or send her lawyer to threaten you.


Allegedly. Yeah, you gotta feel bad for Taylor Swift about that. And that's, I think one of the tough things about being famous is you, you don't really know who you can trust. Maybe that's why she only wants to be friends with other famous people who have as much to lose. But yeah, I don't know. I, I do also believe that Taylor Swift was involved so there's that too. I don't exactly feel bad for her because I think if we read the messages, we would read the, we would meet the real Taylor and that bubbly image would come collapsing down pretty quickly. Alaska dog Lady rights, congrats to you George and the kids on the addition of Sweet Baby Roman, we missed you. Thank you so much. You're gonna miss me again 'cause I'm gonna be gone for another two weeks. I have to do this from maternity leave guys. I'm actually really enjoying it, but it just sucks me back in, you know, I just keep getting sucked back in by these little things.


Texas grown rights. Candace, congratulations on the new summer of your family. May Jesus Christ protect you. Yes, thank you so much. And I think Jesus Christ is protecting me guys, because that story, and you can look that up of the DOJ and what that guy was saying in the chat, man, that that is a total Christ intervention there writes, can we say f the Diddy distraction until we see the Epstein list? Congrats on baby and we that day take care of yourself. Thank you so much. I will. And yeah, I think it's all kind of connected. I think it's a blackmail ring and this is pretty much a show trial and I'll give you more of that tomorrow when I pop in and tell you some aspects of the case that no one's covering.


Like there should be more people on the stand. I mean, where is Karina Caram, whatever her name is, the person who was the Ghislaine Maxwell in this. How has she not been brought to any, any part of this case? Why is she not meant to testify when she was the one who was allegedly drugging everybody and keeping Diddy High? What's going on here? Well, it means that there's someone more powerful than Diddy that's being protected with this show trial. That's my viewpoint and I'll share more of that again tomorrow. Again, remind you guys. Book club will be in an hour and 20 minutes. We'll see you at 6:00 PM It will be a shortened book club because we have to discuss what to do with this book now that I realize they have changed so much. But I will see you guys over there.


Otherwise I'll see you briefly tomorrow and then I won't see you guys for two weeks unless something extraordinary happens and Scott Swift calls me. I'll see you guys then.