(0s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.

(30s):
All right, you guys. Happy Monday. Obviously the Super Bowl was last night. Unsurprisingly, Taylor Swift did not attend with Blake Lively, but she did get booed and that was a surprise. That has got to signify a new era for her. I totally blame Ryan Reynolds. I'm gonna tell you why. Also, speaking of the Deadpool Devil, you are not going to believe this, but his feelings surrounding the creation of the Mr. Nice Pool character, AKA Justin Bald were captured and recorded in a book. He spoke about why he created this character and it's extremely dark. It is truly dark to read this, you're not gonna believe it. Also, Tucker Carlson said something that absolutely should not have offended anyone, but it did.

(1m 11s):
So we're gonna talk about that and I have an amazing update for those of you who are hanging on for my Australia tour. All that coming up on Candace. All right, so leading up to the Super Bowl, my producer had this idea that Taylor Swift might attend with Blake Lively. He was like, that's gonna be when we can really see. And I was like, there's a 0% chance. There's not even a negative 1% chance that Taylor Swift is showing up with Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. That is just put it out of your mind because she has proven time and time again, no matter what you think about her, whether you love her, whether you hate her, she cares deeply about what the public thinks.

(1m 60s):
That is just a fact. Whether you, whether you think that's a good thing that we can kind of manipulate who she's friends with. There have been plenty of examples of that, right? First and foremost, Matt Healy, everyone forgot about Matt Healy. She was like really deep into that for a couple of weeks or a month or whatever until her fans said no. And she cared so much about that. It was, it was, he was caught on a podcast saying something about ice, ice that she then became friends with ice because she was like, I cannot have this. And she left Matt Healy. Then of course, notoriously the Kanye West debacle over the lyric. They were quote unquote best friends. They had a phone call discussing the lyric. The public heard the lyric, freaked out, didn't like the lyric. Taylor Swift suddenly was like not okay with any part or she didn't mention the phone call, but we know it wasn't good for her brand anymore and she moved on and now we have Blake Lively and they've been friends for 10 years.

(2m 51s):
And I am telling you, I knew leading up to the Super Bowl godmother or not a godmother, she will throw the God babies out with the bath water. That's just a a fact. Okay? Now I thought she was going to attend with Kansas City wags the wives and the girlfriends and maybe Ja, Jason Kelsey's wife. But she didn't do that. She wound up attending again with Ice Spice who she went to the Super Bowl with last year. She ham or heim sisters, I still have no idea who they are, but she hangs out with them a lot. I'm aging out. I don't need to know who everybody is in culture. I just know that she is friends with them and that was, that was her entry into the arena. But the big news that no one expected was that she got booed.

(3m 31s):
Taylor Swift got booed. I don't think I have ever seen a clip anywhere, ever since the dawn of her career of her getting booed. So let's watch that. Okay, first off shot, shout out to Ice Spice. I like this. Look on her a lot better than the look that she had last year. She looks a lot better. Never wanna be a hater. Secondly, you can see she's quite startled by this. A lot of people enjoyed it. I think no matter what, getting booed in a stadium, it just doesn't feel good. You know, you, a little piece of me does feel very bad 'cause it's super embarrassing.

(4m 14s):
Like I said, no matter how famous or how rich you are or how, how secure you are getting booed like that in in a stadium is, it's embarrassing. It just is. And I think it's leading to a lot of questions rather than people debating or being like, I'm pro Taylor anti Taylor. It's a cultural moment that should be discussed, which is why, why was Taylor Swift Booed? She's coming off of her eras tour. She's one, she is arguably one of the top five most famous people in the world. And some people rushed and said, oh, that's just the nature of football. No, let's not take that excuse. It's not because it's football. Okay? She was at the Super Bowl last year, she was in the middle of her eras tour when she was at the Super Bowl last year, and she did not get booed.

(4m 54s):
She also has been on the sidelines following the Kansas City Chiefs around and obviously the NFL has spotlighted her all throughout the season and she has not been booed. Some people say, well, it's because of politics. Well, that doesn't make sense either because Donald Trump was there, okay? And he received a roars applause despite the fact that people have strong feelings against him. And you know, I, of course everywhere he goes, there's going to be a chance that some people don't like him. And So I, I don't accept any of those excuses and I think something else is happening. And I think what could be happening is that the world is starting to register some Taylor Swift fatigue, okay?

(5m 35s):
And part of this absolutely is because of what is going on with Justin Baldoni and her. She's been in the press a lot regarding this unbelievable circumstance of bullying. And even though we can't say that Taylor Swift is guilty, right? And she's doing everything to basically signal to the media, I will never speak to Blake Lively again, please do not drag me into this lawsuit. I do think that what's happening is there's something that's starting to emerge about Taylor Swift and I would call it almost the brand versus the person. And I'm super keen to hear the swifties on this because even like I said, the Swifties really wanna get to the bottom of this Justin Baldoni case and understand what was Taylor Swift's involvement.

(6m 17s):
They're not hotheaded right now. They're not like, well, you know, Blake just used her. In fact, people aren't liking the excuse that Taylor Swift is once again saying that she's been used, right? And I think people are asking questions like, how much of the brand of Taylor Swift, this nice girl who helps out people is real. Another obvious question is, why was she so close with Blake Lively and Ryan? Because whether we know how much she contributed to this case, ev, whether we, we get answers to how much she contributed to this, we can all ask a realistic question, which is, okay, why were you friends with these monsters? Right? We all agree that Ryan Reynolds is a monster and you're gonna think even worse of him when I show you this something that he wrote or he was recorded as saying, rather in this book about Justin Baldoni nice pool, but you are the company you keep, okay?

(7m 5s):
You, you are aware of Blake Lively's personality. You were aware of Ryan Reynolds' personality. There's a reason why the first time Ryan Reynolds even texts with dust, Justin Baldoni, he drops your name. You've been all around speaking about how close you are with them, how much you love them, how much you adore them. You said yes when they asked you to be the godmother. I can't accept that you didn't know this is how they behaved. I won't accept that. I think that's an element of this and that it leads you down, I think, a path where you go, okay, well has every ex really been so terrible with Taylor Swift? Was Calvin Harris lying when he said that she operates behind the scenes, I'm, I'm summarizing, but he was basically like, I know your moves, you use the media to go after people. Remember that moment where Icarus almost flew too close to the sun with Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris said some stuff, but at that moment the world wasn't ready to hear that.

(7m 54s):
And he got attacked for saying that like, oh my gosh, how could he do this? And he was basically saying, she's playing a media game. Are people starting to go back and revisit that? Is, is she really always just being used and being treated terribly or should we accept some of the lyrics in her songs when she tells us that she's the author of a lot of that, that she controls things behind the scenes? Is, is that just being art? Is she just using art and being imagining herself as that person? Or is Taylor Swift a media empire that is able to get out a narrative regarding various topics? And those narratives are sometimes not always in line with the truth? Are people getting Taylor Swift fatigue, I would say is the question.

(8m 35s):
Okay. And my producer getting into this presentation of her versus the reality of who she might be, my producer pointed out something that is incredibly interesting that we should have picked up on and discussed before. Okay, back in 2016, notoriously Kesha accused Dr. Luke of sexual abuse and there was this image of of her, which was plastered everywhere. It was just like at the beginning of the Me Too movement of her in the back of a courtroom crying when a judge decided that she was not able to simply, you know, leave her case, leave her contract with Sony. And he, I think Dr. Luke owned six albums. She hadn't delivered them and she was crying. And just that picture without people really knowing the facts of the case, got people to react.

(9m 17s):
And suddenly all of these celebrities started donating to her legal fees. And one of those celebrities, by the way, was Taylor Swift. She instantly jumped in in 2016 and donated $250,000 and she had her team make a public statement, a representative for her said quote, in a show of support, Taylor Swift has donated a quarter of a million dollars to Kesha to help with any of her financial needs during this trying time. Okay? Okay, fine. And I wanna also be clear that's not the first time that she did that way back in 2013. And I, by the way to this day will say, I believe this happened to Taylor Swift, like she was telling the truth. 100%. Remember you had that weird, creepy radio guy who like grabbed her butt and you could see it here and there's just no way she took this guy to court for four years because it didn't happen.

(10m 4s):
Like she took a stance and was like, this is unacceptable. Kept him in court for four years. In 2017 she wins the court case for $1 because she just wanted to send a message about how what he did was not okay. Very good. And then she decided To donate on top of that in 2017 to assault victims, right? Here's the headline in Reuters, Taylor Swift donates to assault victims group after Groping win. Okay? So very happy to hear that. Then that instantly just makes us go, okay, well wait a second. If all of that is how she reacts to sexual assault, do you mean to tell me that she then has a best friend of 10 years, okay, 10 years her and Blake Lively have been friends and her best friend has selected Taylor Swift to be the godmother of her children, okay?

(11m 1s):
They're all over the place together. They're being photographed, they're sharing each other's secrets, they're telling each other everything. They're basically branding each other together, going through relationships, a decade of friendships. Her and Ryan Reynolds, she's, I think she said like Ryan Reynolds was like a brother to her or whatever it was that we covered when she was promoting Deadpool for him. And now we had December of 2024 and her best friend comes out and says, it happened to me too. You know, I was, I was sexually harassed by Justin Baldon. It's terrible. You're gonna tell me. These girls were not speaking about this all year. Knowing what we know now, knowing that Blake has come out and said Taylor was with, with with her every step of the way.

(11m 43s):
She was with you every step of the way in the making of this movie, which means that you were speaking to her throughout this movie, talking to her about this horrific incident that happened to you. You're so close and yet you drop this lawsuit and Taylor Swift elects to remain silent. You guys buying that? Are you guys buying that? Taylor Swift would choose to remain silent if she thought or knew that the allegations that were being made against Justin Bald are true? No, you're not buying that. I'm not buying that. And here's what I wanna say to you about that, because what it signals to me is that Brian Friedman needs to get this girl on the stand yesterday.

(12m 26s):
I am telling you he needs to depose Taylor Swift because she knows something. What it signals to me is that she may be new, that Blake and Ryan were orchestrating a plan in order to take over this movie. Okay? I, I, like I said, everything about what had happened as I was reading through this lawsuit, just, it reminded me of Taylor Swift in terms of the Deadpool stuff, like dropping an album, dropping all these Easter egg, saying all these things on Instagram. It felt to me like a Taylor Swift album. And then we found out that she was close, like she was involved in all this stuff. And I'm just going, what's going on? And it is actually the loudest silence in all of this is that Taylor Swift did not make a statement when that was filed. And she for sure would have known, given the nature of their relationship, that it was going to be filed.

(13m 10s):
So what gives, what gives ironically in the Dr. Luke's situation, he may have been a guy before his time, but his defense was this sexual abuse did not happen. Rather Kesha is making these allegations because she wants to change her contract. I'm saying that's just a little bit of irony here. Okay? Anyways, moving on from that, Ryan Reynolds, If you have not seen him, he's been spotted out in public a few times in New York also at an event. He now looks exceedingly thin. He's lost a lot of weight showing that he is stressed again, I do not wish bad for him and Blake, I don't wish bad in anybody. I just want, I'm almost like as sympathetic, I feel nothing for them. I have no sympathy for them and I just want them to get what they have coming to them, which is for people to recognize who these people are.

(13m 54s):
Okay? And so in an amazingly psychotic find, someone that I used to work with texting me this weekend and she, we, we just like kind of get deep in the trenches together on like research stuff the whole time just getting obsessive about things. And she randomly texted me and she informs me that Ryan Ryans actually has a book that is published. It's not like he didn't write the book, but essentially, and this is some ComicCon stuff, guys, like literally like if you're deep into Marvel universe or DC Universe, you may know about these things. I definitely does not know about these things. But they create these books essentially about all of the movies and they're sort of these art books, this one's called Marvel Studios, Deadpool and Wolverine, the Art of the Movie.

(14m 34s):
I know there's gonna be someone watching this that's like very into the comic universe stuff and they're gonna be like, can I, you're describing this wrong, I'm doing my best. Okay? Essentially what that is, it's a, it's a gallery of never before seen artwork, which is the description and exclusive lithographs and in depth interviews with the creative team. So these are created by going to the team, speaking to the characters and asking them people that have made this movie essentially the original artwork, lithograph, whatever, and then saying like, tell me how and why you created this character. And so they sit down with these characters and the people that created them and they ask them questions and I'm scared, I'm so scared. So I'm gonna read you directly what Ryan had to say when they sat down with him to discuss nice pool.

(15m 18s):
Okay? I am gonna show you this and then I'll, I'll give you the exact quotation. You can pull this up. This is from the book. I ordered it. This costs me $80. I spent $80 on this so that you don't have to, it doesn't arrive until tonight. But I was able, she was able to, she found it actually on like a super niche YouTube page of somebody who just goes through these like Marvel art books or whatever and she was able to screen grab it and then I ordered it, but doesn't arrive until 10:00 PM tonight. Darn you Amazon. I needed it for the show by today. But it's okay. Anyways, it says in one respect Nice pool is everything. Deadpool wishes he was Reynolds says, you know, easy breezy, gorgeous hair, normal face, gold plated, 50 caliber desert eagle pistols and this beautiful suit.

(16m 4s):
But the thing that Deadpool is most coveted covetous of is of course dog pool. Okay, just pausing there. Okay, so he is saying If you, now that we understand what this character was created for, is that as Ryan Reynolds actually I like who I want to be, is Justin Bald, right? He's got this presentation, he's easy, he's breezy, we have him in this beautiful suit. But the one thing that Deadpool is the most coveted of is of course dog pool. We know that dog pool is Blake Lively, okay? Like this is so creepy, so creepy, okay, goes on. So nice Pool initially just existed to serve the purpose of introducing dog pool.

(16m 44s):
But then it evolved and it grew the idea appealed of creating this character based on guys you find in the Zeist right now who are so nice, they may present as very progressive and enlightened. Nice pool himself identifies as a feminist. But the truth is very different. They're talking about themselves as these incredible allies. But underneath that, there's something a little false and probably awful. Reynolds says, I liked that this guy was kind of paving over all of this shit. Heery, pardon my language, with his esoteric hot yoga chakra balancing nonsense and his little top-notch and all that stuff.

(17m 25s):
So we plant this seed early that he's a little fake spiritual, but he also may be the kind of piece of SHIT. It just allows us to not feel too bad about taking his life brutally end quote. I'm like, what is going on? Like we created this character so that I could kill him. We created this character and we were planting the seats early that you shouldn't like his character so at the end we could overkill him. We showed you like I think I showed you on my, actually on my Instagram, was you couldn't show you like how many times he shot and killed an ice pool. And it's funny 'cause my editor said to me when I watched the movie it was weird 'cause ice pool seemed nice and then there was this Justine of him just killing him.

(18m 10s):
And there's no way to look at this other than to recognize that Ryan was living out his fantasy of killing Justin bald via the movie Deadpool. And that there is like no way to normalize that or to excuse that he was living out to a fantasy of killing Justin bald. Like that's the reality, okay? Wrote about this down to like his hair was he somehow Justin Baldoni was driving him insane. He talks about everything Justin Baldoni speaks about on his Instagram. I told you when I crawled through it, I mean there's just no question that this character that he created late in the day, which we went through the timeline, he added like tacked this all of these scenes on late in the day when principal filming photography, partying was already over.

(18m 52s):
And then he's like, let's get back, get the gang back together So I can fantasize about murdering Justin bald. Very, very strange. Makes me uncomfortable. Kind of reminds me of like for people that were watching Deadpool, it's kind of like when I was 13 and you're listening to Eminem and you're like, yeah, slim shady, it's amazing. He's gonna kill Kim, he is gonna kill Kim, he is gonna kill Kim. And then you get older and you're like, is Kim okay? Like can somebody check on Kim? He's bringing out blowout dolls and fantasizing about killing his ex. Like I don't know, maybe maybe that makes you bop your head when you're 13, but when you get older you're like, I don't think Slim Shadys got it all going on up there upstairs. This is not okay. We can't just call it artwork while we fantasize about murdering people.

(19m 35s):
And I'm very uncomfortable by it by the way, not to make you even angrier, but obviously with the whole hair and making nice pool have long hair. That's been like a major feature and that's why he brings it up in this book. And I'm getting the book 'cause there could be more gems in there. So I just, that's just the first thing that we have. I wanna go through dog pool, I wanna, I wanna go through everything, but you should know that Justin Baldon iss like phase of having really long hair, which deeply upsets Ryan on some sort of a spiritual level was not something that he grew out in an effort to reinforce a stereotype like yes, my cousin does like a little bit of kombucha. I actually don't know if he does. I feel like he does. And I do think that he is a stereotype in many of those ways. But his hair, he actually grew out To donate to children with cancer.

(20m 16s):
He documented that he was growing it out because he wanted children with cancer. He had to get it to a certain length If you do that. And then he chopped it off in April of 2023 right before they began, or the same month they began principal photography on it ends with us. And, and his hair had obviously gotten long enough. So here is the video of him explaining to his kids that this is going to children who have cancer. Just in case you needed more of an excuse to really strongly dislike Ryan Reynolds. So the reason you're cutting it like that baby is because Daddy's gonna donate his hair to somebody Who can't grow their hair. 'cause maybe they got cancer, I don't like him for Zach or they lost their hair. So he's gonna give all this hair to somebody.

(20m 56s):
That's when you gotta cut it perfectly, right there. You ready? Okay, here we go. Right, one, two. So I even, yes, someone's gonna be so happy Hair, honey. It's really, I love you. I'm crying, I'm moving my hair. So there you have it. So I have this theory because what, what Ryan does is, so by the book Narcissistic Abuse, it's not that it's unusual for Deadpool to have a a nice pool. The character existed. He then turned the nice pool character into Justin Baldoni and turned it into basically however he felt his insecurities about dog pool being Blake Lively.

(21m 45s):
That was made very clear once you were able to kind of go through his text messages and get a sense of the situation, right? And I've realized that his issue is control. We've talked about this and the one thing that will really drive somebody who exhibits this sort of behavior crazy is feeling like control has been removed from you. And So I had said to you guys last week that there's an element of this that I'm convinced has to do with Scarlett Johansen, right? Call me crazy, but I gotta run this by you. Okay? I, I believe that to Ryan Reynolds. She is the one that got away. I am sorry she's glowing, she's beautiful. I I think objectively we could just say like she's had a way stronger career than Blake Lively. She's always been an A-list actress and she saw the signs early and got outta that relationship and never really spoke about things, but came very close to saying that Ryan Reynolds was a bit controlling.

(22m 33s):
And I mentioned to you guys how even his friendship with Hugh Jackman is based off of getting back at Scarlett Johansson because she starred in a movie with him a huge blockbuster success. And at some point in their marriage, Hugh Jackman said something to Ryan Renolds like he was like a little punk, like Better be good to my little sister kind of a thing. And Ryan, it never left Ryan and he was angry about Hugh Jackman And so he pretended that they had this like rivalry, but deep down Ryan was serious. But then it developed into a bromance and sort of this way to say, I don't know what to Blake Lively, like Al actually I'm collecting this person in your life. And I just found it to be very strange that we then learn that Ryan Reynolds is going through this exhaustive effort to get Wayfair or studios like blackballed from Hollywood at the same time that it is like announced.

(23m 20s):
We learned this obviously that Scarlet Johansen is having her directorial debut in the Eleanor film. I'm forgetting the name of it. It's like I, Eleanor, I don't know why Eleanor the great El and this was gonna be the first time. And so she was doing, she was working with Justin Baldon and Wayfair Studios and her directorial debut and all of a sudden he's like fighting for Blake Lively to like become the director of Justin Baldon. He's movie. There's something about that that that feels competitive to me. So then I was thinking about this, okay, and another thing that struck me was it made me go back to Brandon Lennar and that Brandon Lennar gave an interview where he said like he didn't understand essentially why Blake and Ryan were being so nice to him, okay?

(24m 6s):
And I was like, what was his involvement? I think genuinely an element of this artistic abuse is that he loved bombs people and they don't realize that they're all a part of like Ryan's web of trying to get back at somebody else. Like I think they knew their end goal was to take over this movie. And so they loved Bomb the young lily Lily bloom, which was Isabel Pharaoh, they love bombed Brandon Lennar with like, oh, we're just gonna be the most amazing couple we're gonna take you to, we're gonna take you to these rec some games. And oh they love bombed Liz Plank. Oh, you would be perfect for my documentary that we're doing on soccer. I don't know why you would be perfect, but you would, you are exactly who we're looking for. So they find people in the orbit and they bring them in essentially with surrounding 'em with a-listers and you know, surrounding 'em with money or whatever it is that that person wants.

(24m 52s):
I think Brandon Lenner at this time, interestingly, I'm not suggesting anything, but he did sign a deal with WME prior to he, he was not with one of the big wigs. He wasn't with WME or CAA and then all of a sudden he gets a deal with WME. And so listen to Brandon Lenner on the Red Carpet when a reporter asks him during Premier Night about how, you know, Blake and Ryan have taken a liking to him. Take a listen. I think the, I think the Reynolds family likes you a lot. Hey Dave, they've, they've taken a liking for sure and I'm very grateful for it because I mean, I don't think I could literally have anyone better in my corner and, and they're just, they continue to blow me away with how just real they are and how kind they are.

(25m 33s):
And I mean, to be like in the spotlight the way they are and to still, if you know them, they, they, they value their family so much and I think you could feel it in them as people and as performers and it's, it's just such a testament to how you can be and how you should strive to be I think honestly, truly. Yeah. Now that we know what they were doing behind the scenes, to hear him give this sort of raving review is quite strange. But again, their target is Justin bald, so they have to be amazing to everybody else. So then I started looking at like, who else was being love bombed during this time? We've got Liz Plank, we've got Brandon Lennar, we've got Bloom Young li Young Lily Bloom, Isabel Farer. And I realized that If you go through his like Instagram Ryan Rounds Instagram, there's so much Channing Tatum out of nowhere we got Channing Tatum everywhere and somebody said that Channing Tatum like played essentially a cameo as gambit in the Deadpool movie.

(26m 25s):
So I'm like, that's interesting. And he not just didn didn't just stop it like him playing a character in Deadpool, but he also then took him, torex him and included him into a commercial. Watch this, like, we're gonna give you seven seconds of this wreck some ad before we get hit by YouTube for stealing music. Take a listen. Alright boys, Your bosses are not happy with your celebration Kansas, So drink up, Try to keep up. So he dances in this ad and whatever. Again, weird crossover events. Like I know that they have both worked with Marvel, but like they didn't have this like bromance.

(27m 8s):
This is also during the Justin bald crazy time. So I started wondering, what's the connection here? What am I missing here about Channing Tatum? And it's gotta be something about power, it's gotta be about control, it's gotta be about narcissistic abuse. And then this caught my eye very interestingly, okay, Scarlet Joe Hansen was co-starring okay, as a love interest alongside Channing Tatum at this time as well. So she had a couple of things going for her. She's got tons going for her, but you know what I'm saying? She had her upcoming directorial debut, which was slated for 2023 for her to start filming in Eleanor, the greats with Wayfair Studios. They start targeting Wayfair studios and he wants to make her director. She also was filming with Channing Tatum as his love interest in a movie called Fly Me to the Moon.

(27m 52s):
Okay? And all of a sudden Channing Tatum is now being, it's being announced in 2024 after principle photography has already begun for Deadpool, that Ryan is bringing him in as gambit just for a cameo. And people thought, by the way, in the Marvel universe world, this was amazing, an amazing act of kindness because for years, for years there has been, there's this whole long story about how Channing Tanam has wanted to play gambit since he was a child. It was his lifelong dream. It, he came really close to it and then like Marvel like sold to Disney and they dropped him so he wasn't gonna be the lead of the movie. And then all of a sudden, here we go, good guy Ryan Reynolds jumps up to the plate when he's spending time with his ex-wife and is like, I'm gonna give you a cameo here.

(28m 32s):
And, but I didn't wanna jump to conclusions. I was like, maybe this really was just extraordinary timing. Maybe it wasn't even Ryan Reynolds who cash Channing Tatum in Deadpool and Wolverine and it was some other executive and it really was just this organic thing that happened and they became friends. But I was like, let me dig because I feel like specifically he picked Janet Channing t and made this happen, made this cameo happen. And then I found it Channing Tatum on Jimmy Fallon saying, yeah, thank you to this wonderful human being. Ryan Reynolds, take a listen. Did Ryan Reynolds get involved? Or Ryan, I've, I've said this before. Look, this industry is a really interesting thing and, and like I can honestly say that not one single person is just more of a class act and cares more than that man.

(29m 16s):
Like he, he took gambit out of truly like the grave. Like it was just nothing in nowhere. And he was like, no man, I want, I want this, I want this for you. I want this in the movie. And, and like I, I want to see it and he made it happen and I'll, I'll, it's just incredible. Be grateful. It's just incredible. It was him. I want this for you. Brandon's Glen. RI want this for you Channing Tatum, I want this for you Isabel fairer. Like no, it is about Ryan and he's always trying to get back at someone else. And in that case, I am telling you it was not about you. Channing Tatum, I am sorry. It was about Scarlett Johanssen. She, he was squeezing her because he has never seen himself as successful as her.

(29m 57s):
And he, she's the one that walked away. I I think she saw the signs earlier. He's a narcissistic abuser. So anyways, all of that's insane. I had to give you guys an update on that. I know I just like oscillate between b becoming BridgeIT. I'm like in France and, and, and then I'm suddenly like I gotta cover this story 'cause it just keeps getting more and more insane. But that is the update that we have for you. And now I'm gonna tell you about some of our amazing sponsors.

(30m 17s):
You guys know how much we absolutely love PreBorn. We know how pro-life we are and I know that there are so many women who struggle with the decision and some people take the abortion pill. Well you should know If you have immediate regrets about that, that there now is a reversal treatment which provides women with a second opportunity to choose. It is bringing babies back to life. When you join forces with pre-born ministries, you empower women to reverse the curse. What you might not be aware of is that even though Roe was overturned and abortion has been greatly restricted in many states, the abortion pill has superseded surgical abortions accounting. Now for over 60% of all abortions pre-born network of clinics are on standby for women. In those darkest hours, they meet with them with God's love free services to help them choose life through ultrasounds and the abortion pill reversal protocol PreBorn has rescued over 300,000 lives. You can start this new year right by supporting life and by donating to PreBorn. Today one ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. To donate just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.

(31m 20s):
And also now that Dr. Fauci has been pardoned, RFK Junior is going to unearth what most of us already knew deep down about the pandemic. Sadly, this effort will not help the tens of millions who have never felt the same after getting the virus or the mRNA shots. Luckily for the American people, Pfizer has been forced to release a detailed list of the side effects that are associated with its COVID-19 shots. One of the less severe but common side effects is long covid syndrome, a condition that leaves people feeling brain fog and chronic fatigue and shortness of breath. Well the wellness company makes it easy for you. With their new long covid syndrome support, you get four doctor formulated nutraceuticals with five to eight plants and minerals in each bottle designed to address the root causes, the ultimate spike detox of mind lift, elevated energy and healthy heart. Dr. McCullough with the Wellness Company recommends a durable recovery. Through the holistic health you can explore more targeted solutions like long Covid syndrome support. Right now my listeners will save $34 off their order plus FREE shipping when you head to twc.health/ Candace and use code CANDACE at checkout. Again, that's TWC Do health slash Candace and you can use promo code Candace today.

(32m 30s):
Alright, gotta get into this like weird debate. We're in a weird time. Everything is a new era. We're just in a new era. I don't know what era it is that, you know, Taylor Swift is getting booed. I don't know what era it is that I'm finding myself agreeing with people all the left about a lot of things and disagreeing with some people on the right about some things. But this Tucker Carlson versus Pi Morgan clip really gets down to, I think we're just choosing different realities. Like I don't something splintering in the universe, we're all just splintering and going, okay, I either see things like this or I see things like that. And I've never heard something that is so non-controversial to state that is being received.

(33m 10s):
So controversially and I have a relationship with Pierce Morgan as in like I've done his show, he done mine. And I actually wanna say at the jump of this, no insult to Pi Morgan here, because I think just by hosting both sides of the debate on Gaza in Israel, he has done a tremendous service on his show. But this clip is alarming. Okay? Find the thing that Tucker Carlson says here That's wrong. Okay, I'll, I'll check the chat. Maybe it's crazy, maybe I just can't hear it, right? Take a listen. If you're intentionally killing civilians, you probably shouldn't beat your chest and brag about it. You know, maybe you can make the case. I agree with that. Maybe you make the case that we had to do it or whatever, but you should. Yeah, I agree. You should weep and that's evil. And you should just say it's evil. And I know it's really, really threatening to, is it evil Ben Shapiro to say that or whatever.

(33m 54s):
Is it evil to kill civilians on purpose? Yeah, it is. I think it is really kids and children. Well how is it not actually in the war? We can call it whatever you want. How is it right to kill women and children? Yeah, So I don't know how, but this clip gets taken out. It, it starts going viral and people tend to have a perspective that it's not potentially even just asking the question. He says, is it evil during wartime to target innocent? Even asking that question to me, I can't wrap my brain around it. I can't wrap my brain around the level of propaganda that is trying to marry America to the state of Israel in so much that they are now trying to convince us that bombing innocent civilians isn't always the wrong thing to do.

(34m 41s):
And it really, like I said, is a stark contrast to the upbringing that we had when we learned that these sorts of things were patently wrong. It's the entire reason why we had to create the, you know, why we, why we have the ICC is, is to make sure situations like this can't happen. And So I was so shocked, and I wanna be clear when we talk about on both sides of this, when we talk about innocent hostages or you talk about innocent children, any harm being brought to either side is sad and it's wrong. But it is amazing that we've spent two years being gaslit, watching children being blown up, watching women being blown up, watching kids crying, watching kids starving.

(35m 22s):
And all of a sudden western media is in a full like launch propaganda launch because a hostage was released and the hostage, right, like without question was clearly starved has lost a ton of weight and there's headlines everywhere about it. Everybody's speaking about it. And it's like this is the reason, like why we have to understand that we have to get involved. Trump came out and said he looks like a Holocaust victim. Okay? And I'm just wondering where was everybody's voices last year when everyone from UNICEF to every organization in the world that I can think of said the children in Gaza are being starved.

(36m 3s):
We saw the images of these children being starved and crying and everyone was quiet, nobody cared. Okay? So I'm just gonna show you this CNN reports that came out last year that for whatever reason didn't generate the same amount of outrage. Take a listen. Hospitals across Gaza are full of malnutrition cases. Doctors say needing special care that simply does not exist. Eunice is nine years old. His mother takes off his t-shirt to show the painful evidence of malnutrition and extreme dehydration. She says he was healthy until they were displaced multiple times from northern Gaza to Rafa to a beach area where she says they don't even have a tent.

(36m 50s):
Za food was no longer available. His mother says there were bad living conditions and polluted water, I'm losing my son in front of my eyes. More than 50,000 children require treatment for acute malnutrition. According to the UN agency for Palestinian refugees, unre The entire world. It felt like the entire world looked away. The western media looked away when these kids were starving to death. And now all of a sudden we get back one hostage which was starving in an area in which we knew that food wasn't going into and we were gaslit and we were told that noticing that was antisemitism. Which is shocking because Palestinians are Semitic and now all of a sudden we get one hostage that is in bad condition, which is not okay.

(37m 35s):
I wanna be very clear my perception of that, any person being starved who has nothing to do, like Tucker said, innocent people, especially women and children though. And it is like all they wanna talk about, it's like they finally we've got it. And so this, just to be clear to people is why people see Israel as an ethnic supremacist state. Because what you signal to people over and over again is that if an Israeli is starved, if an Israeli is killed, then it's problematic. But if tens of thousands of children are murdered or if an entire population is being starved, that's just the cost of war. Okay? That's not good messaging.

(38m 15s):
And there is no amount of social engineering and propaganda that is going to convince me that what happened to the Gazen children is, okay. So I've chosen the reality where wherever Tucker Carlson is, where we can just plainly call things evil. And we get to say that there's something deeply wrong with our media for trying to turn us into supremacists and for recognizing that what's happening over there is an evil. As we talk about these children, like they're just like real estate like, like they're a real estate deal. There's no amount of propaganda that's going to transform that. And so this by the way, is perfect time to tell you an amazing update for those of you that knew of going on tour in New Zealand and I'm going on tour in Australia. Well the bad news is that we have to bump that tour to the fall.

(38m 58s):
But the good news is the reason why. So as you guys knew Australia last year, I, I had a ton of groups, the a DL, everyone coming after me for saying these plainly obvious things that are just not able to be, in my opinion, argued or manipulated about we needing to protect innocent children. And I did, when I was scheduled to tour in Australia before I even applied for my visa, my visa was rejected publicly again before I applied by their minister Tony Burke. He said, I won't let her in because these Zionists Federation of Australia leaders basically said that I was extreme and that my visa should be canceled. It couldn't have been canceled because didn didn't have a visa yet. Long story short, you know, we, when we actually did apply it was Tony Burke put his hand in and said, you can't come into this country.

(39m 43s):
And he called me everything like it was an stunning document in which I was being accused of being an Islamophobe and antisemite a racist against black people. I mean you name it, self-hating, misogynist, it was all in there basically. There's just, he wanted people to know there's no one I like at all and that's why I couldn't come into the country. And also I wanna be very clear and even that when we submitted my application, there were also Jewish groups that disagreed with that. So it wasn't just like they disagreed with the Zionist Federation and said, I I, even though I don't like her and I don't like her stance on Israel, she should have a right to speak. So it was, you know, being argued on both sides. But we applied to, we applied our, appealed our case, pardon to the high court, which is essentially their, their supreme court.

(40m 25s):
And we just heard back that the full bench wants to sit this meaning the entire court rather than it's just getting a judge or getting someone to hear it. They're not only just, they're not only accepting this case, but the full Supreme Court, If you will, of Australia is going to hear this case, which will be coming up soon. And so that case, If you would like to follow it, which is something that I'm, I'm deeply honored that I am going to be the subject of this case. I won't be able to be there for the actual court case 'cause I can't get into the country. But it is Candace Owens Farmer versus the minister of affairs versus the common wealth of Australia. And so we are going to bump our tour hoping that they return this decision on this most crucial decision on, on free speech in our favor.

(41m 8s):
Obviously we don't know what's going to happen, but we are going to bump the tour until the fall. And So I just wanted to give you guys that update. I, no matter what happens, just to be clear, I have no regrets. You know, if the cost of playing the game and pretending, you know, I can go anywhere in the world as long as I pretend that I, I don't see children being bombed and starved and women crying and screaming and shrieking, I would rather not be able to, to, to move around the world. I don't, I don I just don't wanna sell my humanity. I I just agree with Tucker full-heartedly that evil is evil and that we should not be seeing ourselves as like, well it's worse when an American dies than when somebody dies. Like, you know, if one American dies then we should murder a million Iraqis.

(41m 50s):
Like that's not how my brain works, like innocent Iraqis. Like I don't think that way. I never wanna think that way. I never want to bend the knee to evil as I've said many times. All Right guys, I do wanna get into your comments about all of this bald stuff and what we're speaking about. And I do, by the way, I see people in the comments right now. I do wanna say that there does seem to be this degree of an order to defend what's happening in Israel right now. You have to blind yourself to to evil. And it is strange. It is strange to see people that I deeply respect in politics not be able to say what Tucker said so plainly And so easily.

(42m 22s):
Before I get into your comments, I do wanna remind you guys about American Financing 'cause I know the average person finds it difficult to keep up with monthly expenses. In most cases there is little left at the end of the month to cover any extras. Most Americans aren't getting a big raise. Expenses are up and it's very hard to manage without using credit cards. But if you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, you can make a 10 minute no obligation call today to my friends at American Financing. If you're carrying a credit card balance each month with a rate in the twenties or even thirties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees so it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving every month. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.

(43m 15s):
All Right guys, let's get to your comments. Second book you can go to make him a sandwich.com. Gosh guys, this was like, you have no idea the story behind this book. I've wrangled it from two publishers' hands and I'm so happy that we will be, that we are now in control of this book. And the timing is, it was just God's timing, everything going on, the questions that we're starting to ask. I think more people kind of coming towards the middle and having stances and being willing to speak about this sort of radicalized feminism and being able to, I don't, I don't know that we could have done this book a a a year ago or two years ago. I don't think it would've worked. But the timing is right And so we had Al already had planned to drop it Valentine's Day and to encourage everybody, it is available for presale and it will be out late summer.

(43m 58s):
So go to make him a sandwich.com and you will love that. Also, people are commenting about this new, yeah, of course it's out. I told you guys everything is fake and gay bringing back the nineties and everybody got along and everybody said gay. Not in a way to denigrate homosexuals but because like we just called everything fake and gay 'cause we were like cool in the nineties. Everybody was cool in the nineties. We were wearing overalls, saving up to go to Disney, things were chill, everything got crazy in the two thousands. I don't know who we can blame, but we will find someone who we can blame. Alright, who do we have in the comments today? Taya writes So excited for this show today as a Philly fan, the booing was diabolical for ts. I was obviously rooting for Philly. I used to live in Philly. I got engaged in Philly So I got engaged. By the way, If you guys are in Philly, the restaurant Melano is fantastic downtown.

(44m 42s):
Go for it. Oh Nicholas, he's a swifty. He's giving his thoughts. Amazing. Okay, Nicholas writes Canice, I'm a Swifty since speak now and I would love to get my thoughts on Taylor's current PR status. Where can I message you right there Nicholas. You could have messaged me right there. I would've read it out loud. He says that she's repeating her 2016 exposure all over again. I have thoughts and details about her recent hanging out with Selena Gomez right before the Super Bowl. It's known in the fandom that Selena and Blake don't like each other. Oh, I didn't know this about the fandom. Ooh, I will look into all of that. Thank you very much. Stacey writes and you can email me always you guys, any tidbits that you have info at Candace Owens dot com.

(45m 22s):
Stacey writes, Candace, have you listened to the Gents Talk podcast with Justin Bald? Everyone in the comments was tagging you. I have not because it had aired just like an hour before I knew it was coming out, but I also knew that it was filmed prior to obviously the lawsuits being dropped. So it was great marketing on their part. But I know I did see some clips of him saying what he had anxiety and So I will definitely go over it to end comment on it. Likely probably on my Instagram stories I'll do that 'cause tomorrow we're going jumping back into becoming Bridgette. Brian Schwartz writes, I'm not sure Pi understands the nature of this Gaza war. He says it's a war but it's a dirty war. Pierce is kind of boyishly naive and doesn't question authority. What say you? I think he's afraid of the cancellation. I mean I did not go through a normal thing last year to say a true thing.

(46m 4s):
You know, it's not normal. It is like nothing I've ever seen before in terms of trying to use the media to make people think that you are hateful. When in fact it's them that's being hateful and it's them that is being inhumane and it's them that are trying to propagandize and to brainwash people into accepting the death of children because they're well ironically, Semitic, like I said, Palestinians are Semitic. So it was not easy to go through what I went through last year, but I never once lost faith that you know, you just have to do the right thing. And at the end of the day, I just don't think evil wins. I think it can win temporarily. I think it can win quickly, but I don't think it wins In the end we have Lisa who writes, Candace, you're such an inspiration and a role model to young girls everywhere.

(46m 46s):
Thank you so much. Real Nija Chick writes, thank you can Candace for she called You called me Canada, but it's fine for being a badass and for standing up for the truth. Will your new book be available for purchase in the uk? Yes. You cannot get it. I go, we got a ton of emails about this. I should have answered that. You cannot get the book available for pre-sale If you are overseas. There's a reason for that. It's like just the way the book world works. So for presale you can, but once it actually goes on official sale you will be able to get it overseas. And So I will update you guys on all of that. If you guys have signed up for the book club, don't forget we are reading chaos and our first book club meeting is going to be tomorrow.

(47m 27s):
Just go to Candace Owens dot com it we're gonna speak about the first part of the book. Crazy, crazy read and I'm really excited for it. Bear with me 'cause it'll be our first time that we're doing it. So if something goes wrong, I promise we will. We will make it all up. And other than that, it has been an amazing explosive Monday and I will see you guys.