
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


All Right guys, Happy Thursday. I wanted to fully jump in back into the JFK files. We are gonna get into that a little bit because we only just began last week Thursday. You guys loved that episode and we've been doing some digging sink since. But pause for a second because holy heck, the House of Habit drama, Jessica Reese, Krause, that escalated very quickly. I don't know what actually happened If you are not on Instagram, there is an absolute hot mess of a back forth going on that nobody expected would arise when I simply responded to her substack about me. I thought I was quite even about it. I don't know. But the more important thing here to discuss is just the world of influencers in general.


Because what happens exactly when the influencers to get influenced by somebody else, by some money, who knows? We should chat about that. So let's jump right back in. Welcome back to Candace. Okay, so we're supposed to be entering a world that is new, it's fresh, it's independent media and corporate media structures are dying, legacy media is dying and by and large, I definitely think that we're getting there and it's great. It's been great to see so many independent people pop up, start platforms, do their own research and just kind of like break the entire racket of the mainstream media.


And what's really interesting is I don't know that we've necessarily paused to consider that even with people appearing to be independent, there could be this possible infiltration by the same people that we were trying to break away from. And something that happened recently really exposed that plausibility. So I don't know If you guys missed this happening on X, but essentially there was this weird thing about big soda, like a debate that was taking, taking place online. I didn't weigh into it at all because I just thought it was ridiculous. But people were saying, and this was a part of the Maha campaign, that people that are on food stamps should not be able to go out and buy Coca-Cola and buy Pepsi and buy junk food essentially if we are paying for you, meaning us, the taxpayers are paying for your welfare programs, why are you buying things that you don't desperately need?


You don't need soda, obviously you can drink water. And people were going, oh, well that's ridiculous. They should be allowed with their food stamps to get whatever they want. And then it was determined actually that big soda, like the corporations funded influencers, who they thought the public trusted to kind of backdoor their perspectives in there. So big soda paid for people that are allegedly independent voices to influence people by saying, no, this is the government overreach. And people on welfare should be able to drink their Coca-Cola and their Pepsi. And I'm gonna show you that thread which was exposed by Nick Sorter. And I knew this was going on.


It was one of these I didn't, no, no, but I knew because you just see things and they all sound like the exact same messaging at the same time. And sometimes it's an, it's an attack on an individual. Sometimes it's an attack on a policy or a perspective, but the words are matching up too much amongst various influencers. So Nick Sorter wrote this exposed influenceable, this is a business by the way, it is called Influenceable. And it is the company that is cutting big checks to influencers on behalf of big soda. Over the past 48 hours, several large supposedly MAGA aligned influencers posted almost identical talking points said to them, convincing you that Maha, you know, make America healthy again.


RFK Jr was out of line for not wanting soda purchases with food stamps, the SNAP program, some even Slimly invoked President Trump. This is gonna be relevant when we get into Jessica Reid house as an emotional manipulation tactic referring to his diet Coke button. Not a single one of them disclosed that they were being paid for these posts, which led readers to believe a general soda ban was in the work. So these people were getting people panicked. Why can't these people drink soda? And they didn't expose. And these are accounts that have huge followings. Eric Daughty clown world, not Jerome Powell and Ian Miles Strong, which everybody always knows that he's like kind of a paid Malaysian digital prostitute.


He does like he that's kind of been known for a while. Sometimes other people are very well trusted. So I was very surprised to see this. And essentially he goes on to this thread and he writes, these influencers, influencers were given a couple templates used by Influenceable with one of those templates, specifically telling them to mention Trump's Diet Coke Habitot. This was done to invoke an emotional response from loyal Trump supporters, making them feel as if banning soda from Snap would be anti-Trump. This is an incredibly dirty tactic meant to manipulate loyal followers. And he showed actually what was sent around to these influencers.


He went on and said influencers were texted by Influenceable. So they signed up for Influenceable to make money, telling them to quote, help push back against government overreach and told that they're being paid between several hundred and even $1,000 for each post attempting to turn MAGA folks against RFK, junior and Maha. So we get the picture here. This is obviously a huge operation that he exposed here. And I wanna be clear, I'm not even throwing dirt on the people who engaged in this because then some of them came immediately forward and said, I did do this. I felt like a dirt bag and I wanna come clean immediately. We can show some of the tweets. Eric Dougherty right away said, yeah, that was dumb of me, massive egg on my face.


In all seriousness, it won't happen again. So he's like, you know, I, I used my social utility, the social credit that I had in a way that wasn't great. And people have, obviously it's fractured his trust with people, but it also kudos to him for like instantly owning it, owning it right away when he got caught. However you feel about it. And another user clown world wrote, wrote, I made a post and deleted it within the first hour I withdrew from the campaign entirely and removed my post. I haven't received a single penny from big soda, soda or anyone else for this. Just to clarify, this was never a big soda campaign. It was strictly a campaign against government overreach. Okay, but who was paying the $1,000? Who knows? You got the point here.


So it led to a larger discussion about these influencers who have gained trust in the public market, in the public sphere for being allegedly independent who are engaging in these sorts of campaigns in the dark. And I've known about this and I, I only think I added to this dialogue is this is, this is not just something that is done against, you know, for or on behalf of big soda. It's also done to target influencers. So if they want to come down hard because they don't like Thomas Massey because he doesn't support apac, they will send money out to people and they will suddenly start criticizing Thomas Massey like this is going on. And so it's why I always say to you, you have to be incredibly discerning If you suspect something is not right, like go with your gut about things.


This brings me to Jessica Reed, Krause house of House In Habit and me really, I thought yesterday quite gently pushing back on a substack that she sent out a newsletter that she sent out and when she, she called out me and Megan Kelly and she called out Tucker Carlson and she called out Ian Carroll and nothing was of substance and it was what she was doing was quite a, quite a tactic, right? She was accusing Tucker Carlson of being in bed with Iran. That's not a casual allegation to launch at somebody to say that this person seems as though he's working with Iran. The Iranian government is meant to make the audience think like, oh well I believe in house inhabit.


I've been following her for years. There must be something there if she's saying it like I must, maybe I should take reexamine what Tucker Carlson, who has been one of the strongest independent voices and one of the earliest fighters and the most prolific fighters for the MAGA movement. And this attack is coming from someone who admittedly, which is totally fine, was a left-leaning feminist who kind of just got into the MAGA movement. So I just thought that was weird. It also was coming during the exact same two weeks that Ian Carroll, Tucker Carlson and me have been attacked extensively by people who are Zionists. They were upset that Ian Carol is being platformed by Joe Rogan. She also attacked Joe Rogan in the piece and I showed you on the show like she's using the exact same talking points saying that Candace is trying to pivot her brand, the exact same talking points that are in M-S-N-B-C, the exact same talking points that are in New York Magazine.


So it just didn't register as authentic to me and it wasn't like, I'm not, I didn't say this house of habit must crumble, but I was like, I would watch this because something feels off to me about this, the timing of this. And also I had known in the background that my PR agent went to work with her, like went to go grab dinner or lunch with her and Olivia Nazi and he said it was, she was telling him that one of her reporters was working on a hit piece on me. So she didn't release the hit piece but then kind of released one of her own something. Just felt like she was actually trying to divide people and was trying to pretend that this was just some stuff that she happened to notice. Okay, I thought that was gonna be fine.


You write a newsletter about me, I could respond. Things went absolutely psychotic thereafter. When I mean like psychotic, I mean like the mommy SLS are at the edge of their seats under dryers in the nail salon, in the hair salon talking about this back and forth that never needed to happen because I don't know what she was doing last night, but she probably should have turned her phone off. But I just wanted to show you first this mommy sleuth 'cause I got such a chuckle looking at her under the dryer as she's speaking about this feud between me and House In Habit. Take a listen to this. Mommy, Y'all the drama ma. I mean our mamas used to watch their stories during the day on tv, like oh days of our Lives, but we're just over here eating Trader Joe's gummies and watching real keen to Owens good stuff.


So yeah, she accused me. And this is Jessica Reid Krause who I've never had an issue with. I've never spoken about, I don't, I literally have no issues with this woman. I, so this is why I was just so random. But after I responded to her newsletter about me, she first accused me of picking a fight with her for drama and clicks as if I was not literally responding to her newsletter that she sent. Then she shifted gears last night and tried to big time everybody and said that she was too busy shadowing Trump to even respond to anything that was happening. And that was really strange. I know If we had that screenshot, but she basically was just like, I don't have time for this. I'm shadowing President Trump. And I was like, okay, that's totally fine, but that's a weird vibe to like try to big time people and pretend like you don't care what's going on as you're writing about what's going on.


Then she became increasingly more belligerent and hilarious as the night went on and she just randomly claimed that Trump, Trump blocked me, which was total groundbreaking news to me. I don't know If you guys have these Instagram stories, but she wrote this to me in my dms, you're lameer than I thought. It's embarrassing. No wonder Trump blocked you. Like I have checked all of my accounts, Trump has not blocked me. I don't know what she is talking about. Like I said, that would be groundbreaking news. She should give that to the news stations. If she did block me, someone should investigate that. Fine. Then at like 11:30 PM she shares that with her audience that a White House source just informed her that I have been banned from the White House because of my anti-Semitic stance.


So you're going, okay, first you're writing a thing and you're saying that my content is boring, that I'm copying you and that my Harvey Weinstein series is not interesting and you've been repeatedly telling, telling people this that I'm not interesting and that they shouldn't be watching my content. And then suddenly you shift gears and you just call me an anti-Semite. So everyone's just going, what the heck is going on here? Also, it's 11:30 PM like there should be no White House sources sending you anything right now. I don't want that on my tax dollars. I I, if we're paying for this, I don't want this happening. Okay, we guys don't need to be sending tea at 11:30 PM I'm not paying for this to the to house inhabit and just calling me an antisemite 'cause that's crazy.


That's not a good look for Trump. And I just was by the way, laughing at all this in the background because I just, it was just so petty. It was all so stupid and genuinely like I really care about doing like The JFK Files and getting into the Harvey stuff. I just don't care enough to get caught into like petty back and forth feuds and calling each other names and accusing people of trying to copy your brand. I literally had no idea who she was a couple of months ago. I am glad that she has a platform. Every person should have a platform and be able to cover whatever it is that they want. And then she just attacked me personally and lied publicly. This was all last night. Like I was literally looking at this going, what is happening?


And she lied and said that I had a MAGA themed wedding. So this was an addition to her being like, Trump blocked her and that's sad. And she goes, I assume that's probably very frustrating for someone who got married in a MAGA hat. Now she intentionally blurred that photo because it's a lie. And I did not get married in a MAGA hat, but that is a photo from the after party of our wedding in which we gave out party favors to commemorate our wedding night because we did get married at the Trump winery, which was absolutely a beautiful place. And we had a special flag made a union jack and a combination of Union jack and an American flag and on the side of a hat that said, make weddings great again, not make America great again.


So that people would always remember our wedding and the after party. And that's something that is a very fond memory. Again, I don dunno why she's suddenly attacking me and my husband. Then she jumped into my dms and told me that she was going to expose me for having secret hidden wealth and this was exceptional. This is about the time that I got very excited and I'll tell you why I got very excited because I, I love a conspiracy, I love a story, especially if it's going to end with the fact that I'm a pretty princess. Do we have that in box? She wrote, you're raging hypocrisy, hiding extreme wealth and pretending to be a victim of censorship. There's so much happening there. I am not pull it back up.


I am not hiding extreme wealth that I know about, but if there is a chance that there is like a princess diaries arc here for me, I am here for it. Like if there is a chance that I am the princess of Genovia, which I was sharing on my stories and she knows about some grandma that I have and I'm about to go take over a kingdom, please know that I am not trying to hide that I will flex that like I am, like I want, I don't want my extreme wealth to be hidden. I wanna flex it. And so she wrote, it's laughable. No one trusts you. Keep up with Harvey and Tate and Kanye, great great company. And I just wrote, whoa, whoa, whoa. What extreme wealth am I hiding? You? Def gotta do a substack on that one because like I'm interested, like I, and also pretending to be a victim of censorship, I literally got censored off of YouTube.


I I got demonetized off of YouTube for four months last year. Like everyone saw that. So I don't, I just didn't know why she was being so snipy, why she was looking into my wedding photos, why she was creating this whole storyline about secret wealth. But I'm sat for it, like I'm here for it and I genuinely was laughing like I was not taking this back forth seriously. I just assumed maybe she was having a few too many drinks somewhere and like she just wasn't seeing clear last night and it could have all been forgiven in the morning. But then she did accuse me of pivoting my brand like in the dm she was like, you're, you're pivoting your brand. Everyone can see it. So she thinks that me covering Blake Lively is me stepping on her territory.


Which is so strange because I promise you I have been covering culture my entire career and also we are way too old. Like I think she's in her mid forties, I am 35 years old. We are way too old to be arguing like middle schoolers of like you copied me, you covered Blake, I covered Blake, why are you covering Blake? I used to cover Blake. I'm friends with Trump. I just, the whole thing to me was just not something that was serious or anything that was hurting me. I'm just not insecure enough to care about any of these things that she was saying. Anyway, she wakes up this morning and like I said, I thought she was gonna be like do something funny. Drop a Morgan Wallen song last night. We let the liquor talk say she had too much to drink and she was sorry because everyone's obviously reading the dms and going, wow, you seem really catty and nasty.


You're attacking her for the wedding. You attacked her in a newsletter. Like wh where is this coming from? Jessica, you say that you left the left and now you're a conservative but you're kind of behaving a little bit, you know like a mean girl Blake lively vibes like Ryan Reynolds took over your phone trying to be like big time people about President Trump and making them feel like they're left out where I'm like happily putting my children to bed. I've been there done that, got the multiple maga t-shirts and she didn't do that. She woke up and in her clarity she kept lying. And this is where I kind of thought, okay, this is tripping over into something else now. Now this is not like maybe she's had a dinner and had a few too many. This is like she is choosing to intentionally lie and smear and trying to just see the public with this idea that I'm, I'm the mean girl in all of this who randomly attacks women and she began with one of the wildest lies ever.


Like she, she literally pulled the bleak lively lie by omission pretending that I called Megan McCain clinically obese absent any context like this was the story that she shared. She's telling women, she's telling me women need to be better. Meanwhile she goes as low as possible when it comes to anyone she disagrees with and she shares a left leading publication saying Megan McCain responds to Candace Owens calling her clinically obese. This is exactly what we're trying to train the public to recognize is that this is exactly an article that would go out typically and they try to make you think that a conservative is a monster because like why would I just wake up one day and be like, Megan McCain is clinically obese. Oh my god, poor Meghan, that would be terrible.


But Jessica knows that's not true. She knows that it's the exact opposite. That actually for three years Meghan's husband and Meghan had been attacking me and it all stems from the fact that Meghan was going after anti-vaxxers and people who were uncomfortable getting the Covid vaccine and she was basically calling them stupid diluted saying that they were taking horse dewormer. She was attacking Joe Rogan. And I basically said to her that these lines of attack are out of control. Like people should not be taking health advice from Meghan McCain over Joe Rogan. That is a rational thing to say back to someone who is pretending that they've suddenly, I don't know, been transformed into the universal PE teacher just because she rolled up her sleep and got a vaccine when some people have dedicated their entire lives to health.


So she wrote this on Twitter years ago. I can't believe Megan is still in the background of all this is 2021. I am no doctor, but it just seems way easier and more efficient to just get the vaccine rather than bleed out your anus, getting a horse dewormer and taking 9,000 other random prescriptions and things from CVS and Trader Joe's. So I have been Maha before, it was cool. I definitely, people who are health conscious don't just randomly roll up their sleeves and get toxins in their arm and think that that's going to save them or make them more healthy. And what Joe Rogan was doing by having and fostering these conversations about alternatives to when you get covid, one alternative by the way was not being clinically obese, staying healthy.


Obviously we knew your chances of getting sick, more sick with anything when you're clinically obese is going to be magnified If you are, if you're, you know, carrying around that extra weight, whether it's a cough, a cold or covid. And her husband was gloating about how he has hated me for years and I responded to him and I said this, this is her husband. He, he wrote, I don't understand her defense at all seems like grasping at threads. It's not news that I despise Candace. I've been criticizing her for three plus years. He's been attacking me for three plus years. I respond. And I said, despise LOL. You are a 42-year-old married man. Why do you feel this passionately about me? The feeling is not mutual. You are too pathetic to despise.


You're upset because when your wife was publicly shaming anti-vaxxers, namely Joe Rogan for not receiving the Covid vaccine, I told her the truth. No sensible person should be taking advice from a clinically obese woman over Joe Rogan regarding health. Health is not a clinically obese person agreeing to get a rushed vaccine so they can lecture others on Twitter. Joe Rogan dedicates his life to health, your wife does not. So when you have the full contacts of this back and forth and you realize no, actually Candace was standing up for anti-vaxxers at a time when we were just being bludgeoned over the head by the mainstream media bludgeoned over the head by neocons, bludgeoned over the head by people who were trying to essentially force us to get a vaccine that we weren't comfortable with.


And then you see the White House In Habit just presents it like I just randomly attacked a woman and called her fat. It's dishonest. Okay? So she's engaging in dishonesty and it's not the only time that she has done this. And the more that you look into it, I had her at this point, people who worked for her and recently quit who are reaching out and saying, yes, she does engage in this sort of a thing. She pretends that she's totally neutral and that she's independent. But behind the scenes she's friends with Megan McCain and she finally owned that today. And Megan McCain was very keen to see this hit piece written about you. And so she began working on this. She had one of her writers working on it and then she began working on it. And So I find that to just be a bit slimy and I don't understand what, what I did to deserve this other than cover Blake and Justin Bald.


I did not cover the people who were covering them. I covered the facts of the case. I looked into the case. And another thing that she hasn't been telling people is that she's influencing people not to look into our Harvey series, which is explosive because she has a personal relationship with one of the quote unquote victims who just had that decision overturned by the appellate courts, Jessica Mann. So she's been pretending to be a casual passerby. Oh there's nothing that could get me interested in this case. When in reality she's the most interested person in this case because she covered this when she was a left-leaning liberal high on feminism person and she defended the victims.


Not only did she defend the victims quote unquote victims, but she also lived with one of them, Jessica Mann. So our last episode was entitled Jessica Mann in the three-year Affair. And people were asking Candace, why did you pause this series when you started looking into Jessica Mann? Well the truth is, it's because House Inhabit came to us and I thought we were friendly and cool and she said, Jessica Mann would like to connect with you. You know, she wants to speak to you. She also off record told my PR person that she doesn't believe that she was raped either. So I thought this was like an explicit revelation. I thought she maybe wanted to come on the show. I wanted to provide her an opportunity to assert what her side of it was. 'cause I'm relying off of court transcripts and I'm reading things and I'm reading her emails.


But if she had something else to add, I wanted to be a fair journalist. Like I'm not here to make Harvey Weinstein look innocent. I've reviewed the documents and I believe that Harvey Weinstein was wrongly convicted despite the fact that he's an immoral man. I believe he had consensual affairs. And so she got me to suspend this series because Ibel did not know that she had a personal relationship with Jessica Mann. I thought Jessica Mann just reached out to her in the random because she knew that she was a reporter who had covered the case, which I did not know. And I thought she was bringing new information to me only for me to discover that no, she has a very personal relationship with this person, which she never told me. And she also never explained in full to the people that follow her.


So she has a horse in this race. Okay? And that's fine by the way. I don't mind If you have a personal relationship with Jessica Mann. I don't mind If you believe that Harvey Weinstein should be locked up in prison. That means that we have a difference in interpretations of this case and that should actually foster an even more interesting conversation. We should be able to use court files and be able to try to persuade the public one way or the other with the truth regarding the transcripts. Not trying to tell them, oh I'm, I'm so bored as she was doing, I wouldn't look, I wouldn't even look into this Harvey case. You are being influenced by someone who has a horse in the race, right? So this is what House inhabit is showing herself to be.


And I think the worst bit that she did and and Skyler, I don't know if we pulled this, but her attacking preemptively, her best friend of 14 years who I mentioned no longer works for her, I said she no longer works for her and the girl blocked her. And that's all I said and House of Habit then I think assumed that her previous best friend of 14 years whose friendship she just ended must have given me information on her. No, I didn't ask for information about ha inhabit personal information on her. I'm not interested in that 'cause I'm actually not a mean girl. And she launched a preemptive attack on her by writing one of the nastiest things that I've ever seen on Instagram.


Essentially alluding to the public that that girl has basically she be put on a psych 51 50 hold that she's crazy and that even her kids know it. And she's like, and I'm only telling you out of compassion, you know for her kids, that's not what you're doing. You're not doing it out of compassion for her kids. You're doing it because you're trying to discredit anything that girl may have said about you. Which she actually didn't. And it got even nastier behind the scenes, right? She was talking about this girl Denise, who she's been friends with all over her Instagram account for years. And then she sent my pr, my publicist, something that was so unbelievably remarkably personal about Denise and her family and her children that I was legitimately horrified.


And I li literally said to my PR agent, shut that down immediately. I want nothing to do with that. The fact that she would send this to what she believes to be an adversarial PR person casually about somebody's family on a whim because she thinks her best friend betrayed her and she didn't, makes her somebody that no one shouldn't trust with anything personal about them. Truly like that was for me when it flipped from like, haha, I'm making fun of her because she's being a little unhinged to like, there is something very wrong with this person and I would be, would strongly recommend nobody share any personal parts or details about their lives with her because that's just not something that ever needed to make its way into the fray, into the public fray.


Or what could have made its way into the public Frey if I did not have better morals. All because of a newsletter like that just was not necessary. Everything was light. And then suddenly you're like really going after someone who did nothing to you in the dark. Like her friend said nothing, said she was mourning the friendship and that she stopped working for her. And that's what I shared with the public. I did not say anything else or indicate anything personal about you or ask anything personal about you 'cause it's not necessary when you're dealing in truth. And So I just wanted to say that, you know, there's a lot of hypocrisy going on. She's now trying to shift gears here and pretend that she's my savior. Like she's stopped the hit piece about me that was gonna be written about Andrew Tate while she's also sharing stuff about me and Andrew Tate.


So it's, it's none of this is making any sense. But I do think that it's always a reminder to just kind of reevaluate what you're doing, who you're hanging out with. And to remember that even people who claim to be independent are not always independent. You don't know who's influencing them, whether it's Megan McCain, whether or not it's money that's coming in from advertisers. And I have always been extremely honest about who pays me. You know who my advertisers are. We're like good ranchers, PreBorn, this is what we're doing and there's no shady money. And if I have a conflict of interest, I always immediately tell on myself because I think that's easier. I think it's so much easier to say, Hey, I am friends with so And so And so my opinion is colored.


Okay. And I don't feel that I can look at this situation evenly. But on regards to Harvey Weinstein in regards to Justin Baldoni and Blake Lively, I feel like I have looked at all of those situations extremely evenly. And I think that the public is seeing that as I go through these court transcripts. But I'm really trying to just remain like totally focused on the facts in these matters without the hysteria and the tears of movements and social justice movements that come around once in a blue moon. So I bid House of habit luck. I never told anybody to unfollow her. I understand she is blocking everyone and she's accusing us of not being able to take any criticism while proving the opposite. But I did not like the move against that her friend Denise, I thought it was one of the nastiest things I've ever seen in politics and it was completely unnecessary.


So she has lost my vote of confidence. And I'm not telling you whether or not to trust her or not, but just simply giving you guys what the facts are. Okay? And yes, she was also one of these influencers that came out with the Epstein binders. You know, when everyone came out and said we have it on Epstein, which I'm not taking shots at these people actually I, I love Mike Cernovich. No one has done more work for the Jeffrey Epstein case than he has personally in the back there. D DC DC Journal has always been fantastic to me. That's Rogan. Liz has also been lovely. I'm just saying that like this was an opportunity where people were attacking all these people and I never took the bait on any of that. And so it just seemed really weird. All of it just seemed extremely weird coming from her.


And I don't know what or who exactly is behind it, but I'm guessing we are going to find out.


Anyways, you guys, let me speak to you guys about PreBorn. Speaking of people who do sponsor this show, I've told you many times about Andre Belli, Steph Curry, Justin Bieber, Tim Tebow. The thing that they all have in common is that their mothers were encouraged to end their pregnancies. These people would not exist if they had listened to the people that were around them. Women when they faced an unplanned pregnancy are often pressured to end the child's life. And because they wanna make the right choice, they sometimes do that. But society and those around her are telling her the baby's not alive. So that's totally fine. That's where the ministry of PreBorn steps in. PreBorn in the network of clinics offer compassionate love and care to mothers and the support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. So If you consider yourself pro-life, it's time to join forces with PreBorn because together we can empower those women to choose life. 'cause empowering the truth of motherhood can transform a family and their future. One ultrasound cautious, $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of lives that you helped to save donate. You just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, If you are feeling buried under credit card bills, personal loans or medical debt. And If you feel like your money is working harder for your lenders and it is for you, it does not have to be that way. And you can change that with PDS debt. PDS Debt does more than just help you manage your debt. They empower you to take control, you use their platform and they will go beyond the numbers to understand your unique financial situation. Plus craft a personalized plan designed just for you. So there's no more cookie cutter solutions, just a clear path to financial freedom that fits your lifestyle. And here's the best part, there is no minimum credit score required. So whether your credit is bad or fair, they are here to help you save more, pay off your debt faster and start putting money back where it belongs, which is in your savings account. Getting started is so easy you just go to p ds debt.com/canice to complete your free debt assessment to see what options are available to you every day you wait, it costs you money. So get started with your free debt analysis in just 30 seconds@pdsdebt.com dot can slash Candace. Pardon? That's PDS dot sorry. PDs debt.com/ Candace PDs debt.com/ Candace. Take back control PDs debt.com/ Candace.


Okay, now I wanna dive back into this JFK thing. I wanna do an entire episode about this. Like I said, we got sidetracked 'cause I couldn't look away from the house inhabit stuff that wasn't even my drama. I'm telling you, it's not even my drama anymore. I will find out whether or not I'm the princess of Genovia and she will write a substack and you guys will share it and I will be on my way and I will never talk to any of you guys again because that's what it means when you find out you're app princess of a kingdom. You don't have to deal with stuff on the internet anymore, okay? No longer doing Hood. Rest up with my friends, I'll be fancy schmancy with and singing songs with Julie Andrews and I'll be the alto and she'll be the soprano. But where I left you off on, which was funny because we actually didn't even get to the JFK files, it was just kind of this mind blowing article. And it was crazy for me when the JF KF JFK files are released and you add people kind of trying to influence you, like not to look at the files.


And what's weird about the JFK thing is like everyone kind of knows who did it. Like everyone knows who did it. We all know who did it. And we all know why. We're not allowed to know who did it, like officially know who did it. I'm just saying, I'm just saying we like know who did we know? We know, okay. And, but for it's crazy. I don't know. Then we're just not allowed to say it. And it's weird. It's getting weird. It's getting weird out there. And So I was telling you guys about this article that I had come across, which was crazy by John Loftus who was writing for Omni Magazine. It's literally an orthodox Jewish magazine.


You cannot call this anti-Semitic. This guy used to work for the state, had to write this book, the Witness Tree, which someone has sent to me, by the way, as A PDF, I have not been able to get into it. I wanted to this week, but obviously was very sick for two days. I'm gonna get into it because the way that they don't want anyone to have this book. I got an email from someone saying they bought the book and then found out that it was canceled and they're not allowed to get the book. So this book is being hidden. And the guy who wrote this article said, yeah, the CIA don't want this one read, even though we got pretended that it was fiction. And he got that visit from Mr. Ruben swa. I've been calling Himsa, it could be Shilah, who knows? It's a fake last name.


That's the important thing. This is the guy who was running point for things before Israel became a state and then established what would become the Mossad. But like you know, the Mossad before the Mossad was the Presad, right? So you're a gang and then you're, you go mainstream and you're the Mossad. And the story that is shared in the witness tree, which he summarizes in this article is insane. Somebody in the comment saying, what's that book? It is called The Witness Tree. People are saying who they know did it? Yeah, we all know who did it. We all know who did it, but we are not allowed to say, I don't know why it's crazy. Anyways, this confirmed our suspicions because this guy, like I said, was working for the government.


He knew that this story was real because Reen Shilowa came to see him, the founder of the Mossad. I don't know if this was like on some like I just wanna like for my legacy sake and want people to know what's what. Reen Chilla actually kind of died mysteriously quite young. And that's why later on his son Doy pays John Locke this visit. So he saw Reen and then he saw his son and both of these people were involved in the state of Israel. And he tells us this unbelievable story, which I'm gonna recap again, that involves the Dulles Brothers, right? And the Dulles brothers being Alan Dulles, who goes on to become the CIA director who was a thorn in JFK's side.


JFK forced him to shut down after the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion when we were just doing what the CIA does, overthrowing governments, because what the hell, I don't know, we just say we are fighting for democracy. But in reality it kind of sounds like if we're constantly overthrowing democracies everywhere from here to Ukraine, like maybe we're not actually fighting to spread democracy. I don't know, I'm just asking questions. Anyway, so this guy tells a story about how Reen came to visit him. And he found out that the Alice, the Allen Dulles brothers were the best in the game. They had all these fake shell companies and they were sitting Prescott Bush, which would be George w Bush's daddy, not the junior, but George w Bush's daddy, Prescott Bush on the board of all of these shell companies to hide the fact that they were selling oil to Hitler.


Like this is the, the Rockefeller family wanted to hide the fact that they were selling oil to Hitler. So you got Nelson Rockefeller involved in this, you got the Dulles brothers involved in this, and you have the notorious obvious Eleanor is their sister who becomes this really big unexpected figure in this storyline. And the story goes that Ellen, which he briefly touched upon, Ellen married this Jewish guy. This Jewish guy, committed suicide. She blamed her brothers for bullying him because they said that they were really angry that she married a Jew because they were doing this shady business with Hitler. So they were like, rah rah, you know, hoping that Germany won and she was just messing with their swag.


It's like, no, you can't like be married to a Jew right now. Like this is just not good for our swag. And that he was so horrifically bullied by them that she blamed them for his suicide. So then I went to look deeper into just that part because that was interesting to me. And the story was shady, like trying to look into the suicide story was shady, foremost because it was just extremely difficult to find any information on it. Like it, it just should have been so readily available on Wikipedia. But now we know Wikipedia, they're doing some stuff there. And I was like, that feels weird. Anyways, I was able to find it on a Jewish website essentially.


Eleanor Dulles, the story, the deeper story here is Eleanor. Eleanor Dulles was in Paris when she met and fell in love with a Jewish man named David Bloe. And she fell in love with him when she was researching for the French Frank for her doctorate in economics. So she was doing some research overseas in Parri, and he was similarly in Parri also researching the vernacular French of medieval Jews. Okay, now they got married in a civil service and then eventually in a more formal service that was conducted by her minister brother-in-law, David Blo is what I would describe as I was looking into him, struggling to find enough information I would describe him for at that time as quite a modern thinking Jew.


And what I mean by that is that he didn't really subscribe to the idea of like Jewish tribalism. He didn't believe obviously, that Jews should only marry within their race. And one of the things that's kind of left out is that Eleanor gave statements saying how shocked she was by his suicide. You know, they're married for two years and then he, Sylvia PLAs it and like sticks his head into a toaster and kills himself W with carbon monoxide. Like he literally gases himself to death. And that was kind of random. And I don't know, like was he killed? I, I couldn't tell you. I find it the entire thing to be very interesting because when I dug deeper into the story, he was also being bullied by Jews.


He was being bullied by Jews because his marriage was seen as problematic by his place of employment and they forced him out. He was the secretary of the American Association of Jewish Research and they were not cool with his theories and things that he believed in when it came to actually kind of this cross-pollination of like Jews and Christians should marry. So at the root of this marriage, there was friction between Jews and Christians, which I found to be quite interesting, especially what I learned about the person who seceded him a after he was forced out, which was a man who similarly was Jewish and had the same perspective.


And he was even more radical in his perspective in that he was essentially saying, I should find this guy's name. He was essentially saying like everything that we're learning about medieval jewelry is a lie and we need to be more honest about Jewish history. And that like medieval jewelry, like Jews were not being treated awful all throughout history. And this is a well obviously respected professor. He was, like I said, leading this academia and it was considered huge that he had written this piece and basically said that we're hiding pieces of history, which actually show that Jews have been living quite well throughout history in every period, including the medieval period. His focus was the medieval period. And so he kind of kept on the viewpoints.


He did not marry a Christian woman, but he kept on the viewpoints and basically took a strong stance and said that Jews and Christians should be marrying. It's happened all throughout time and basically said that this historical perspective that we keep selling about our suffering is not entirely true and we need to get radical and show people the true history which shows that actually all around the world, including throughout the medieval period, Jews have been living well and at least in much better circumstances than other groups. So it's important to recognize that only because he was not liked by the Jews or the Christians. So that was something that was interesting that Eleanor Dli brought, brought up. And I will cite the article, I should have left it pulled up, but I will cite the article.


I'll put it in the comments where this Jewish writer was unpacking that about how there was a lot that was happening behind the scenes in this relationship. And Eleanor was quite shocked for whatever reason, after her brother, I mean after her husband commits this suicide, David Bloe, she becomes convinced that it was her brothers that did it. And that, you know, she knew that he had issues with both sides, but she was convinced that her brothers definitely were the reason that forced him to that final step of suicide. And of course she becomes the one that then photocopies according to John Loftus and confirmed by the first the founder of the Mossad, If you will, she becomes one that photocopies all of this evidence to hand over to the, to hand over to the Mossad.


And that is how the Rockefellers get blackmailed. So Nelson Rockefeller, it's very interesting because he's this guy who's in oil and working in business. Suddenly he goes into government and he eventually becomes a vice president of the United States. And then you have also the Dulles. Suddenly they go into government and there he's in the CIA. And when you start to reexamine the lens of why the JFK assassination is so important, it's because it is the day in my view that our country became something else, became a country that is under blackmail. I, that's what I believe in my heart to be true. That seems to be the common sense, the obvious thing here, O Operation Mockingbird, the CIA then instantly implements, implements Operation Mock Mockingbird.


You have like Alan Dulles overseeing everything that's happening in terms of Congress investigating, which now we know what, what was the Roaring Report was a complete joke and a mockery that was being led by a man that we now know was blackmailed. And you have just the CIA investing tons of money in journalists via Project Mockingbird to all say the same things about JFK's death. It is the single, in my opinion, most crucial thing for Americans to look into these documents and to understand what the heck happened with JFK. And to ask every question, to just ask every single question that you have to come to your own conclusions, to listen to the facts that people are telling you.


Explore everything. Go down every rabbit hole. Because if our instincts are correct and I believe that they are, then it is the single most important event that has led us to where we are today. We talked about in that last episode going through, not only was he fighting them on nukes, not only was he fighting with Urian because he did not want them to have that nuclear reactor, and then we learned that Lyndon b Johnson was quietly helping them to get weaponized. So he was being undermined by his own vp is is just stunning. And with communist ties, his family came here after, as I explained to you, the 1848 ERs studying the 1848 ERs and the communists that then all came to America and settled in the south is crucial part of the American education that you aren't learning.


And speaking of the American education system, what did Rockefeller own, right? So we often talk about now how our medicine became radicalized. You know, the FDA is behaving like a mafia alongside people who are just bought and paid for and blackmailed on the hill. The, well, Rockefeller was early medicine, Rockefeller was early public, public education and textbooks. But when did American education begin going downhill? Well, now we can plot that on a map, right? Because we know that the Rockefeller family created the general education board that was incorporated by an act of Congress way back in 1903.


I don't think anybody would say like American education system started going downhill in 1903. I don't think anybody would make that argument. But John d Rockefeller, Sr. There's Ron, John d Rockefeller, Sr. Then there's John d Rockefeller Junior, and then you have Nelson Rockefeller. So by the third generation, the Rockefeller family gets blackmailed. And I would say about around the third generation time is when our education started changing from actually wanting to educate people to wanting to brainwash them. And people have always said the Rockefeller family, the Rockefeller family, but who was behind the Rockefeller family. And that's why this article is so crucial. John d Rockefeller senior, way back in 1903, committed a million dollars to that establishment of a general education board.


And then contributions grew. But was he actually trying to harm America or was he actually interested in trying to help educate America? That's what we, we have to start re-exploring under the lens of recognizing that down the line, his, his bloodline got blackmailed and they were no longer working for the American people. In my view. I believe that this article shows that he, they were working for, for Israel and, and this kind of explains a lot of the perspectives. I didn't know why I had growing up and I've talked about a lot on the show and have had a lot of shame and, and I shouldn't have a lot of shame because we're all part of the public education system and they decide what's in our textbooks and we get to look at our textbooks and see who prints them and, and you know, what hands are being exchanged and who, who owns all of these publishing companies.


And we're gonna get deeper into that as we start looking into all of this stuff. But I did feel a lot of shame for realizing how quickly I became Cili putty and believed in all of this brainwashing and the hatred that I had, which I've expressed because I feel like I came out of that web, like I had this natural hatred seated in me for Muslims. And it's so crazy because I shouldn't have hatred towards any group naturally seated inside of me. Like I never felt that way towards Jewish people growing up. I never felt that way against other people growing up. But I did feel this way towards Muslims growing up. And that shows you that people understood how important the education system was early on and it became like Soviet conditioning. And when you think about Soviet conditioning, that brings you back to the other pieces that we never learned about in school.


The Bolshevik Revolution. What happened to all of the Bolsheviks? Okay, these people committed more heinous crimes and killed more people than Adolf Hitler. The single biggest person you, you talk, nobody even knows his name, hen ya goda, the mass slaughter of Christians in the Ukraine. And nobody knows about this. The average American public education certificate holder would not know anything about this. And that is extremely problematic. Everyone uses a Adolf Hitler reference. No one uses a Henrique Goda reference. And that's problematic. And the answer is, it is just a fact that Israel has protected people who committed these crimes, these Bolsheviks, that they went on to become people that were protected by the state of Israel.


And that's why it's so important for us to speak about this because I feel that not speaking about it has allowed for a lot of hatred to be thrown at Jewish Americans, people that have never even stepped foot in Israel, that have nothing to do with this, who have been subjected to the exact same education system that we have been subjected to, right? Who have triggers that are completely understandable in the context of the things that we have learned in school, who have fears that are completely understandable in the context of things that we have learned in school. And until we sort of dilute and pull apart this foreign state, okay, that has amassed a lot of political power in America and separate that entirely from Jewish Americans, I don't know that there is ever going to be an honest discussion or a resolution that is happening.


And it's not gonna happen via censorship and duress and threats and mean tweets by house of habit, like calling people anti-Semitic and banned for fostering these sorts of conversations and looking into things and being interested. It's only gonna happen with daylight and truth. And I, I really do always believe that sunlight is the best disinfectant, but I just kind of wanna talk about that briefly and to tell you that somebody sent to me and told me that Shula's real last name is Zelensky. And I looked into that and I've always felt weird about President Zelensky. It's very difficult to find things, pictures of his mom and dad, just like falling down the Emmanuel macro cron hole.


It's just so difficult guys for us to get a mom and dad for all of these presidents around the world. And yes, it is a fact that Ruben Shea's real last name it, there's a few of them, but Zelensky, okay. And then Zoi is another spelling of it. And I find that to be incredibly compelling because it says on his Wikipedia page, oh, his dad was like a big rabbi in the early Palestine territory who wrote books. I can't find a single name of any book that this rabbi wrote. What name was he going by? I can't find. How can you be this big influential Rabbi and I can't find anything on you.


So I'm asking the public, what can you find on Reuben Shea's father and what can you find on President Zelensky father? Do we have to start mapping this out? Who the heck is Zelensky? And also Fascinatingly Reuben Chilla. He was a drama theater kid. I thought that was fascinating. Okay. He was trained in drama theater because they thought it would help his political ambitions. And he then went undercover in the Middle East pretending to just be like a Hebrew teacher. But he was a part of this like early Mossad movement as they were kind of getting ready, leading up to this desire to establish Israel as a state. And the more I read about him and the Mossad and what they were doing in that region, the more I feel like a lot of the scales are falling from my eyes.


And So I would, I I just find that interesting. Like it could be that Zelensky was really just a really popular name in Lithuania. Sure. But I would like to just close up that end by being able to find out like who his siblings are and who his, you know, dad is. I feel like that should be a pretty easy find. Not just like, here's an honorable mention of President Zelensky dad, but like also, yeah. Let's pull this up. You've got Reen totally made up, last name Bournes Lansky. And but then also could you pull up, pull up for a second, like President Zelensky? Yeah. So that rabbi actually stay here. The Rabbi Aaron Lanky, who is a native of Lithuania, one of the rabbis of Jerusalem, studied at this school in the city.


It's one of those things where you think you're getting a lot of information and then you jump off and you try to find anything about this guy who was allegedly this big rabbi, married to Sarah and would've been one of the earlier settlers. And you just fall down a hole, you know, you just fall on a hole and then you realize like his son also changed his name. And there's just a lot happening in this intelligence community that makes me question things, you know? And So I would like to know a little bit more, and I'd love for you guys to try to be able to help us find those things. Also wanted to add a couple more tidbits of why the Rockefeller is being blackmailed is incredibly important. They were also the people that created the Department of Health Education and Welfare.


Nelson Rockefeller did that when he then went into government. Okay, this would've been after the blackmail in November of 1952. I'm sorry, this would've been in President elect. Dwight d Eisenhower asked Nelson to serve as chair of the President Advisory Committee of Government organization as the chair. One of the things that they got done was the establishment of the Department of Defense, the Department of Ag Agriculture, and also the Office of Defense Mobilization. So this proliferation of government and realizing that you had Nelson Rockefeller who had those influences who then gets blackmailed in the sixties is, is crucial.


Pardon? Not in the sixties. He would've been blackmailed if this was said, how Israel became a state. So 1948 and understanding that he was blackmailed before that, before he engaged in all of this becomes crucial. And then we get Dwight d Eisenhower then warning us that there's this kind of military industrial complex, kind of this ghost operating into the background. All of this stuff is extremely important. And yeah, we gotta be able to think while we are still allowed to think about these things, as I always say. And that's kind of my interest in the JFK files. We'll keep going on this. Somebody is in the comment saying, you should bring in Ian Carroll. Yes, I absolutely love, I love the episode between him and Joe Rogan.


Contrary to house and ha how House In Habit felt about it, I felt it was really exciting to hear people think and speak and not come up with, you know, perfect conclusions in the end, but are at least feeling the confidence to be able to ask questions and to notice that some things are are off and really wrong. And namely, it's our education system and everything that we've ever been told about anything, it feels like we're coming out of a period of extreme gaslighting by the government and the media. And I, I intend to take opportunity in that and think while we're still allowed to.


All Right guys, reminding you about Tax Tax Network. USA, the IRS is of course, the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. In 2025, enforcement has ramped up and If you owe back taxes or you have unfiled returns, waiting is just not an option. The longer you do, the worse it gets. Ignoring your tax troubles is the worst thing you could possibly do. Getting ahead of this now is the smart move, but never ever contact the IRS alone. Instead, let the experts at Tax Network USA handle it for you. Not all tax resolution companies are the same Tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRSS, meaning they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. So whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million tax network USA attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over $1 billion in tax debt, talk with one of their strategists today because it's free. You can call 1 809 5 8 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. That's visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


Also, interest rates have dropped, so it's time to take advantage of that via American Financing. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with their everyday bills, eggs, coffee, and you're reaching for their credit cards to pay for those things. So If you're a homeowner, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And if you're carrying a balance every month, you are probably stuck in an endless cycle. So break free today, call American Financing and see how much you could be saving. And If you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. Call 807 9 5 12 10, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


All right, we are already at an hour. I wanna get to some of your comments really quickly before we jump off here. Let's see what some of you guys are saying to very kind of maybe little related comments. I think to topics that are kind of related, right? We're talking about the media as an organ, who do you trust? What do we trust? Lely writes my toxic traits. I just wait every day for people to mess around and lie against Candace so she can just nuke them with screenshots, receipts and the truth rules. This is real journalism. That's what really kills me is all of these people, I'm, I'm just very nice to, so it's, it just seems so petty to me that they take these avenues and they attack me and I just go like, why? This is the reason I only hang out with my toddlers, by the way. I've had my fill of politics a long time ago and you see it over and over again like people are fighting for what you know, like a home is where your heart is.


It is not at the White House. It is not shadowing Trump, it's with your kids, it's with your husband. Th these are the best days of my life right now. You know? And so it just seemed really catty and really weird and I don't know, I guess more will come out. A lot of stuff is coming out right now, but it definitely registered as odd to the public 'cause it was odd and it was unnecessary. Zaia writes, Jessica Reed Kraus, if you're reading this, just know that we all know you're extremely sick with mind viruses. Always have your back. Candace, thank you for always having my back. And genuinely, I was laughing through it last night. I was not stressed. I was just like, This is crazy. And I really thought she was gonna wake up and be like, you know what, one glass, too many of wine and everyone was gonna laugh and she was gonna make a couple of jokes and be like, that was stupid.


Sorry, let's get back on the program. But she kind just kept digging herself further into a hole and was just getting like nastier and it just, it was necessary. Alexandra writes, what are her ties with Ghislaine and Jeffrey? She poked the wrong bear. That's another thing. She was a part of the free Ghislaine Maxwell movement. So it's rich that she's coming after me because I looked into Andrew Tate's Romanian case and said there was not enough evidence to bring forth a trial. And then what happened a year later was Romanian courts agreed with me and said there was not enough evidence for them to go forth with a trial and they sent it back down to the lower courts. So I don't know what my crime exactly is there other than reading court documents, which I think everyone is allowed to do. And regarding the Harvey series, yeah, you better get started because if she's starting all all of this over Jessica Mann, it's probably worth looking into the series to see what she didn't want you to see.


Because if she defended that girl, I don't know, I haven't looked into her previous reporting because I'm actually not copying her and someone contacted me about the Harvey case, but that is something I, I do not take Jessica Mann as an honest individual. Amanda Pichardo writes house, inhabit says she has Scorpio tendencies demonic, she's just manifesting right now and we rebuke this in Jesus' name. Yeah. Also some of you guys shared with me that she's called Olivia Nzi fat, now they're friends and that she did this whole substack where she just was calling her big boned and fat and that was fine I guess on her substack. And then she tried to pretend like I randomly attacked Megan McCain, who still is reeling over this one tweet that I sent to her and her husband have never stopped.


Like I'm not taking it back. I do think people should take advice from Joe Rogan over taking advice from Megan McCain on health. I don't think getting a vaccine should make you a person who is allowed to snipe at people for exploring other health options. I, like I said, I was Maha before it was cool, like, you know, I was definitely Maha before it was cool or relevant. Abigail writes, I don't know how you do this. Getting attacked by petulant children nonstop for years. I would've lost my mind long ago. Nobody has thicker skin thoughts on the Pete Hegseth texting scandal. Yeah, that was embarrassing. There's no other way to say it. It was embarrassing If it had happened on Biden's side, we would all be mocking it and yeah, it's, it's just totally crazy.


Obviously if someone did that in the office and I I, you would've had to have checked that a million times to see who was on that thread and they've got a bit of egg on their face and they have to deal with that and confronted and said this was a huge mistake, we regret it. You know, to air is human, so is it, oh my gosh, Pete Hegseth this? No, By the way, I can tell you just as I know him privately, Pete Hegseth has always been exceptional to me. He has always been so kind and I really do wish him the best. And you know, it's sucks when this stuff happens because people that hate you love it and you feel embarrassed about it and it doesn't make you feel great. So that's all I really have to say about that. Sis Halladay says Candace will go down as one of the best independent journalists of our time.


Yeah, and lemme tell you, if if, if somebody does start paying me like a Ron or Qatar, you're gonna hear from me first here. Like I'm gonna read an ad and be like, this is Qatar. Like if, if Jessica finds out I'm a Qatari royal, I am so out for my oil money, like it's stupid how out I am and at least you guys know that I'm so a hundred percent that if, and they have never approached me if they had approached me and wanted to do a deal, like what? Why am I not supposed to do be be a princess? Like why can't I be Princess Jasmine? Why is everybody hating on Aladin? Like it's like crazy. I don't this whole like weird Middle Eastern bad America good thing is also getting quite exhausting because we do deals in the Middle East, like Jared Kushner has done deals in the Middle East.


He is running a private equity firm in the Middle East and it's basically this weird thing they're trying to create that's not real. By pretending that it would be like totally crazy if somebody did do a deal with a Qatari, the Qatari or the Iranians or something. I don't, I don't understand it. I don't understand why I've been accused of these things. It's 1000% not true. And the attacks on Tucker have been especially nasty as of late. And I don't think that they're authentic. I think they are funded and I will leave that at that. Okay. Reminding you guys, I didn't know it was sold out when we like and I promoted this obviously yesterday. It is now back in stock, our anti-feminist. 'cause I've been anti-feminist since before.


It was cool. I've been Maha since before. It was cool. And our anti-feminist Merch is back on the website and this hat is amazing. And so is this mug. And I'm gonna continue to at Jessica Mann. So I'm coming for you feminist, I'm coming for you quickly and we will see you guys tomorrow.