
All Right, guys. Happy Thursday, and I am sorry that I'm running 15 minutes late. I had to set the stream a little later because we're pulling in so many elements. I wasn't supposed to be investigating this. I don't even know how I got here. I see so many husbands in the chat going, I don't know how I got here. My wife has pulled me into this. Okay, we were not supposed to do an episode today, but this was just too explosive for us not to. Truly what I can say is this would be a perfect ending to our Justin Baldon investigation because tomorrow we're beginning our Jit Macron series and that investigation, I'm, I'm, there's so much that I have to bring forth to the pub public, but regarding this, I think we may have cracked the mystery, or at least we established a very crucial part of the puzzle, which I am told by Taylor Swift's team, or I guess not by her team, but like Taylor Swift's team, tried to bury what I'm about to show you on the internet.


We'll see if that's true. So I don't know what to say here other than grab your girlfriends, wear your florals like Blake Lively said, and let's get started. All right, so here is what I think. I think that in the future when we reflect on what happened, it is going to come to be known as the girl bosses who flew too close to the sun. Okay? People say that this is an example of that girl boss, girl boss. I'm a girl boss. I can do whatever I want.


Men ain't bleep. Men are terrible. Whatever. We can do whatever we want in this era. This is the story of the Mad Queen Kaisei her dragons, and then I think that would mean that Justin Bald would be, would be John Snow, right? I never wanted it, I never wanted it. That's, that really suits him. I'm sorry, Justin. He's like my cousin Now, that's what I'm telling people. I've never met this guy or spoken to him, but he's like my, my cousin. I'm not gonna let anybody punk him around. He's, he's a kombucha, sipping kind yoga peace person, and I just don't like to see people like that be pushed around for no reason by narcissists like Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds and their cast of friends, okay?


So what we have discovered here already is absolutely crazy. And what we've discovered over the last 24 hours is even crazier because it even involves Joe Alwin in a weird way, which I love. Okay? I love the fact that it involves Joe Alwin, and I'm, I'm gonna share with you why that is in a little bit. But First and foremost, didn didn't get to it yesterday. There was so much. There is so much. There are so many twists. I could go on for three hours, but we gotta go back to the metadata first. Let's build up here, okay? Because it seems that there is proof that the New York Times began working on the article even earlier, potentially back in October of 2024. So we had broken the story maybe at the end of last week or on Monday that the techies that are emailing me, all guys, by the way, I love that they're, they're pulling up the metadata from the artwork picture of Justin Bald, which revealed that they at least began working on the article as early as December 18th, right?


So we saw this, they're on the top 12, 18, you can see it. And we then received an email from someone who said to me, actually, Candace, I can show you via the metadata that they titled the article as early as December 10th. Now, again, I will show you our timeline in a bit, but she dropped that civil rights complaint with California days later, 10 days beyond that in on December 20th. So that's a problem. And now we have learned that the messages between the PR agents were potentially embedded, and the text messages that were also embedded in that article were potentially embedded as early as as October 31st.


Okay? So a woman on Twitter tagged me in this. She was like, I'm watching yourself about looking at metadata. Then she did this whole video, and she showed that nobody actually looked at the messages that were embedded into the article. If you right click those photos, even though they are embedded, you can then hit inspect elements. You can do this yourself. Go click on the messages that are in the article, right? Click it, and then hit inspect element. And on the right, you will see this date pop up, right? So that says October 31st, 2024. Now, she said she's already sent this to Brian Friedman. It is obviously of tremendous interest.


Now, there's a small chance I would say that the New York Times uses some weird generator, and they decided to update it on that date. And that's what that code is showing. We've showed this to several people who would know, and they said, yeah, there's a small chance, but like, this doesn't look good. This doesn't look good that they wrote these messages and created these files, and we're seeing that date. So I wanted to show you guys that right at the top, okay, now about Taylor Swift, let's walk back. First and foremost, why are we even speaking about her? Why did Taylor Swift even hit my radar? Well, like I told you yesterday, the day before, it was because just this entire story to me had her DNA and her fingerprints all over it.


I just felt like they were all over the crime scene is Taylor Swift's style. It's the victim style. It's the, for those of you who don't know yet, when I released my book later this year on feminism, how she honestly is as, as, as wealthy as she is, because people who maybe don't understand business, she's incredibly media savvy. And I do not mean to insult you for a Taylor Swift fan. Genuinely, I I, I loved her music, I would say up until, what's that pink album called? Love Her. I loved love her. I loved love Her London Boys on that. I don't have an issue with her music, and I think that her brand is clean, and it's good that girls follow that brand, but in terms of how she is able to dominate these storylines over men and instantly been believed, I find that to be extremely problematic for a 30 5-year-old woman.


And So I just, I saw a pattern here emerging, and I would also like to mention here, because left and right were like, and we're gonna be even more united after this episode. The Swifties had not attacked me for this series. So the contrary, they have been emailing me, which is stunning. And I'll tell you why. It's stunning, because I think in the past, any time as a person in one of these storylines, you've got like a Kanye West or a Scooter Braun, and people are inclined to believe that these are bad men. And so forget the facts. I wanna hear the emotion. But Justin Baldoni is indeed so much of a puppy. You might go, like I said, you go through his Instagram and I'm like, you listen to the voicemail, you're like, Justin, just stand up for yourself.


Just call her one me name that even the swifties are, they're soft on Justin Baldoni. They're like, I, I can't kick this puppy. I'm sorry, like I'm with you. But like this is, we can't just go around kicking kittens, right? And So I found that to be really interesting. And by the way, I will say this also that so many of you have emailed me off of 24 hours over the last 24 hours telling me that I had missed a major clue in the Taylor Swift saga. And I can't believe that I had missed this talk about her being involved. She has, apparently she cast someone and it ends with us. She cast according to the actress herself, which is crazy, the young Lily bloom character. So essentially, the young Blake Lively in the film, the young Lily Bloom was played by an actress named Isabella Farah, who was one of the ones who as soon as she dropped the complaint was Gang gang, gang gang, Blake Lively f you, Justin Bald.


Even though there was evidence, she told Justin Baldoni how great he was, and he was amazing. Turned on him at the drop of a hat. Now, how do we know that Taylor Swift was behind her casting? Like I said, because Isabella said so on the red carpet at the Premier. So let's take a listen to Isabella Ferre in her own words. I hear that Taylor may have had some influence in getting you Yes, she did. Yeah, I know. I don't even know if I'm meant to be saying it, but I'm saying, yeah, she was a helpful part of the process of the audition, which I found out later, after I got it. And that rocked my world. Yeah, I, yeah, I have no words. Very sweet. You know, and I think, by the way, that is what Star Power does, is that people, and this is what I've put Brendan Lenner in the same category, they're so starstruck and amazed by Taylor Swift that they, they want to pursue that relationship no matter what.


And so for them, they're looking at Blake Lively and her proximity to power, right? Proximity to power does sometimes dilute. And I think in this case it has. And they're going, okay, if I gotta pick between Justin Bald and picking Blake Lively, who's friends with Taylor Swift, oh my gosh. And like Taylor Swift got me, if you're Isabella Ferre, you're like, she got me this part. But I will say that that provides new context, right? New context to Taylor's team claiming in that Daily Mail article that she feels used because she was surprised to see that the meeting with Justin wasn't over when she got to Blake's house. And I called BS on that right away, BS on that narrative right away. 'cause what do you mean you were surprised? You involved yourself and you said stuff, and it implies that you read the script.


You couldn't have said that stuff unless you didn't read the script. So now we're learning that you allegedly read the script according to what you said to Justin Bald and what was confirmed to Blake via text message. And we're also learning that you had a hand in the casting of this movie, and we also covered yesterday via that Reddit post, which seems to be fact checking true that you potentially had a hand in firing composers from this movie. So you don't get to now back out and say, oh, well, you know, I just feel used. Yeah, you, you obviously wanted to be used as a part of this process. And what's funny here is that we can now add this into our Taylor Swift timeline because like what was Taylor Swift doing?


We, we put her around in April. She was in New York City, fresh off of the era tour. She had done the first era tour, which was in Arizona, and then she spent a lot of time in New York City getting photographed. She announced that she, her and Joe Alwin had split, right? And now we can say when exactly she was in New York City, potentially reviewing the people that were trying out, which happened to be in April for this role, because Justin Bald posted the specific date that they were beginning the casting call for Young Lily Bloom. He posted that onto his Instagram on March 21st, 2023. Here's what he said. Hello, internet friends, I have some exciting news for you.


We are launching a national open wide casting search for the role of Young Lily. Now, in our film, we follow two storylines. One is Lily as an adult, played by the amazing Blake Lively, and the other is Young Lily in high school. If it weren't for all of you on social media, we would not be making it ends with us into a movie. Gosh, I feel so bad for him. The amazing Blake Lively who's just like plotting to ruin your entire existence. Like I said, way too nice. But point being, that's March 21st. And then on April 19th, he posted another video just essentially saying that the search for Young Lily was over. So we know that between those times, Blake Lively was reviewing footage, attending the meetings, attending the castings, whatever it was, and she pushed to have Isabella Farah casted.


Okay? Now, here's what's really funny, because Taylor Swift, like I said at this time, was had just broken up with Joe Allen that was announced on April 8th. So during the time of the casting, it was announced that she broke up with Joe Allen. And that usually for a woman's signals that she is gonna go through a sea change. So for Taylor Swift, this meant that she went from being totally private, totally not wanting to be photographed anywhere. 'cause that's how English men are. That's how my husband is. That's how Joe Allen was. They, they're not like Americans, okay? They don't love the publicity, they're quite private. But then suddenly she wanted to do like the hot girls revenge. It happens. People do this, they get divorced, they break up, and it's like, now I'm hot getting my body back in order. And she really wanted to be seen, she wanted to be caught by the paparazzi all over New York City out with famous people.


And because of that, because of her wanting to have this, I, If you wanna call it revenge on Joe Allen, which is what I would call it, I remember reading the headlines and being like, okay, we get it. Like you really want Joe Allen to know that you're good and you're hot, and you're back with your hot friends. It allows us to now create a very solid timeline of her whereabouts and her, her whereabouts do matter. And I'm gonna show you why in a little bit. Okay? So Taylor Swift wanted to be seen everywhere. Don't forget that the, the pinnacle of this was the staged mass unfollowing of Joe Allen that took place around this time. Okay? So we're gonna bring up this timeline to show you this. On April 19th, she goes to dinner with Blake and Ryan.


The next day on April 20th, she does a girl's march, and she's with Blake and she's with the three Hamme sisters, and she's with Gigi Hadid. So we can show you that photo of all of them together. Oh, yeah, look like we're back, we're hot. Like it's, this is, she wants Joe Alwin to see this. And then of course, all of them, mass unfollowed, Joe Alwin, I mean all of them within 24 hours, including her brother and Ryan Reynolds, all mass unfollowed, which grabbed them even more headlines. L Oh my gosh, look, the Sisters night out and they're all unfollowing Joe. Ow. And what does this all mean? Okay, tons of headlines, tons of photos, just like Taylor Swift wanted. But here's the problem. It can't put the genie back into the lamp, okay?


You can't do it. You can't say why publicity then. But now I want privacy. Now I don want, I want privacy now, because people are starting to look on the internet and, and Candace's a psycho is building timelines. You don't get to do that, which is why an email that I received last night caught my attention, okay? A woman emailed me and she said, Candace, I know this is really weird, but I so vividly remember all of these articles and images and videos of Taylor Swift hanging out with this New York Times reporter around this time. Like I, and she's like, and I can't find it anywhere. It's so weird. It's like her, her team has purged it from the internet. Like, are people powerful enough to get videos and photos were moved on the internet? She's like, I'm a huge swifty.


You know, I was in these forums, I remember seeing this, and I just can't remember who that reporter was. So I'm sitting up, I'm like, okay, very interesting. I will find this. I'll find whoever it was. What New York Times reporter was Taylor Swift hanging out with? Okay? And we were able to find it, which is very interesting is I'm gonna show you. You're gonna see how many paparazzi are around, how many photographers are around taking pictures, videographers, taking pictures of her with this particular Jo journalist, okay? But it was indeed difficult to find this. We ended up finding it on a Russian search engine, okay? This is completely crazy. Like, what do you mean?


Where are these photos? Anyways, I am going to show you that footage, and I'm gonna see whether or not you recognize the young man that is saying goodnight to Taylor Swift on November 8th, 2024. Now, we're fast forwarding into the timeline. He's saying a sweet goodnight to Taylor Swift just a month before the now infamous, bleak, lively filing. Take a look and to listen, Please. Excuse us, Taylor. Sleep tight. Taylor, sleep tight. I'm gonna actually check the live chat and see if anybody recognizes that journalist.


Let's see. Anybody, anybody recognize that journalist Candace sleep? I mean, not Candace, Taylor, sleep tight. Nope. We do not have anybody who recognizes that journalist. So let me, let me help you guys out ready? You'll recall that I kept saying that someone like Blake Lively, this was my gut instinct. She could not have had the star power to get the New York Times to put their entire professional reputation on the line to smear someone like Justin Baldon. They are just not in that camp of celebrities. They're not that high up of the celebrity food chain, okay? Like Lively can get an article dropped in TMZ, Blake Lively can get an article dropped in The Guardian, Blake Lively cannot get Pulitzer Prize winning New York Times journalist to smear someone like Justin Baldoni.


That was why I was drawn to Taylor Swift as a character. The person that you just saw saying goodnight to or sleep tight to Taylor Swift, is none other than Ronan Pharaoh. And yes, someone just, just dropped it in the chat. People are recognizing that is Ronan Pharaoh. Now why is that extremely significant? Okay? Because he's the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize winning me two journalist who is credited with having taken, taken down Harvey Weinstein. He is Ronan Pharaoh. Without question, the father of the Me Too movement, the father of false allegations against men also credited with taking down Matt Lauer.


Matt Lauer, by the way, was innocent. I know that sounds crazy to you guys. I'm not even on the left. I'm telling you, it was insane. Men were losing everything overnight, and it was all because the New York Times wrote these explosive pieces, okay? The sighting of her with Ronan Pharaoh came as a surprise to her fans. That's why it generated so many headlines and people in fan forums discussing, when did the two of these people become friends? Okay, here's an example. The Daily Mail, Taylor Swift's surprising new friendship with liberal journalists, Ronan Pharaoh revealed, and I'll read you some from that article. It says, Taylor Swift's unlikely friendship with Ronan Pharaoh is getting the spotlight after they were seen partying it up with famous pals in New York City this weekend.


Taylor in Ronan, the son of Rosemary, baby star Mia Pharaoh, and disgraced filmmaker Woody Allen, joined the likes of Faith Hill in a member's only Shea Margot Club on Tuesday night. An eyewitness told page six that the billionaire singer 34 is very close with the Nepo baby 36, and that she greeted him warmly. When he arrived at the club, Taylor and Ronan seemed to be very close friends. They got excited, they hugged, they kissed, and she grabbed his hand and went to the private room with others. Okay, so you're getting it. So the fans are going, I didn't know they were friends, okay? They're very close, whatever. Okay? He's also publicly tweeted, I should say, regarding his friendship with her. And at the root of their friendship seems to be the Me Too movement, as evidenced by his tweet.


Here it is. Somebody asked him, are you a swifty, please? It's for research purposes. And he wrote back, this is in 2020 big time. I am framing the letter that she wrote me about Catch and Kill. So she wrote him a letter about his book, about the Me Too movement, and it looks like this friendship was probably spawned since then in 2020. Okay? But again, Ron and Vero, what does he have to do with Blake Lively? What does he have to do with Justin Baldon? Okay, well, he is an in incred. He is arguably the most powerful journalist at the New York Times. You could say this, he's a Nepo baby. He's got deep connections to Hollywood. But the question here that you should be asking yourselves is if Ronan Pharaoh was the father of the Me Too movement, who was the mother?


Because he wasn't the only one credited with the launch of the movement. He wasn't the only journalist Nepo baby who won a Pulitzer Prize for launching it. Let's take a look at who did. Here they are, the reporters who exposed Harvey Weinstein in their new book. She said, the Pulitzer Prize winning reporters, Jodi Cantor and Megan Tuy take readers inside the investigation that launched a movement. Jodi Cantor and Meghan Tuy were the mothers of the Me Too movement, okay? And that woman on the right, Megan Toy is indeed the woman who wrote the take down piece regarding Justin Baldoni. Okay?


These three people, Ronan Pharaoh, Jodi Cantor, and Megan Toy, were the people behind the entire movement that I have been spending so much of my time fighting for the last five years because I am a mother of three sons, and I believe in due process, and it terrifies me that people can make allegations. And what you should know about these individuals is what you're looking at is a hit squad. Okay? It's a hit squad. They take people down by telling partial truths. Now, I can't get into this with you guys today, okay? Because you're gonna be like, Candace, what on earth are you talking about? Because you have not read all the documents that I have read. I have actually spent years looking into this case because I have been shocked by what I have discovered.


But Harvey Weinstein was indeed intentionally taken down, and there were a lot of lies that were told about Harvey Weinstein. He's not an innocent man, okay? He slept with a ton of people, he abused his power, but there's a reason why they just reversed decision in his case in New York, okay? Because by every metric that I can see, Harvey Weinstein had a trial by the media and not a trial in the courtroom. And the evidence that came through that courtroom that never made it to the mainstream media astounds me. We will save that for a different day. Let's bump that to March. Looking into the Harvey Weinstein case and the source of the Me Too movement, like I said, Matt Lauer, he was having an affair. He was taken down by these people, and they're winning Pulitzer Prizes.


When you peel and you and you, you look under beneath the layers of this onion, you will recognize that those three people, like I said, are like a hit squad. They're nepo babies. These people did not deserve Pulitzers. None of them deserved Pulitzers for what they did, okay? They came from old money, and they were given those positions, in my view, with instructions to go after certain people and to sink them. And it is telling that Megan Toy, If you wanna talk about bringing the left and the right together, was one of the people that pushed the Russian collusion hoax. It was a hoax. At the end of the day. The, they had to own that. It was absolutely a hoax. Now, if you're not a Trump supporter, you're going, what are you talking about? What are you, weren't we colluding with Russia?


We warrant, we were colluding with Russia no more than Justin Bald was colluding with his PR team to take down Blake Bald doe's hair products. There was no collusion. Like I said, these people are a hit squad. And I could name person after person after person who has lost their reputation, who has lost their company, who has lost their money because of this Nepo baby Hit Squad, okay? Look into their families, okay? Where they were handed Pulitzer Prizes, not because of what they did, but because they wanted to give these individuals the status so that when they wrote these articles, they would be believed. I am telling you that those three individuals need to be extensively researched. And I'm also telling you that I did not have the time to do it immediately.


But there is something here, there is something here that Blake Lively and Taylor Swift, and these people are hanging up, leading up to this moment with Justin Bald, and then Megan Toy goes all out, potentially having begun to write this art article to figure out how to doctor things to make it look like Justin Bald is the slimiest most awful individual. I mean, truly, they gave him that, that same yuck. You know, they gave him the, when you first read that piece, people were tweeting as if he was a rapist. Why do you think about that? I want you to think about, you're a man and you've done nothing like that as a woman.


Just I don, I know care If you tailor and whatever it is, and you've done nothing other than purchased the rights to a book that you are passionate about because you spend your whole life groveling over women and truly believing that every woman is a victim, and that every woman's story should be heard only to find yourself fighting for your life and your reputation, because someone's just trying to give you the rapist. Yuck. They never said the word rapist. This is sexual harassment. But when they wrote things in that lawsuit, like remember Blake Lively's word wording, even an underaged character, she said about Isabel, Isabella Farah, the young lily bloom, because saying, calling her an underage character would make people think that she was a 16-year-old girl, when in fact, Isabella Faroh was 24.


She was playing an underaged character. They went through so much effort to make people in their minds feel that Justin Bald was a rapist. And why did they do that? My suspicion is because they wanted to take over the movie and they wanted to take over the sequel, and they had the power to do it. And I think Taylor Swift, and again, we're speculating here, but she came out of a long relationship in which she wasn't hanging out with her friends every single day. And, and she needed something to do. And I think she wanted to feel powerful, potentially. I'll help you out. I'll do whatever. There is no reason you, there's no way, by the way, you're gonna tell me that this girl was potentially hiring people, firing people, reviewing the script, you know, getting composers kicked out, showing up and looking with Bradley Cooper at cuts of the film.


And you're gonna tell me that she had nothing to do with this situation. I call bs. I call bs I call Time's Up to use one of their expressions on this repeat. I have nothing to do with it. I'm just a little flower narrative. I truly believe that what happened to Justin Bald was an unbelievable act of evil, like an unspeakable act of evil that like, I hope unites us left and right because he couldn't be further left like we, me and Justin Baldoni are never voting for the same president ever. Like we're never voting for the same congressman ever. But we, I hope we're on the same side of humanity in terms of understanding that this kind of stuff can't happen. And no matter how much you love Blake Lively, no matter how much you love Hollywood, no matter how many times you've gone to a Taylor Swift concert or you bopped your head to her music, you should wanna see true justice.


Okay? Now, there's a couple of other things that I wanna mention here, and it, I haven't had time to get to it and I, I really have to get to working on some other stuff today. But I wanted to mention also Liz Plank. Okay? Liz Plank was the podcaster that worked with Justin Bald on the podcast. I don't even know for how long. I think it was for years. They had a podcast together and then as soon as Blake Lively filed, she ended the podcast with him and just pick the side. That's very strange. That is very strange behavior coming from a woman because you would think she would hear his side, okay? Her friendship has been established, not with Blake Lively, okay?


But with Justin Baldoni, there's no way that some woman is gonna file something against some of the guys in my control room. And without me even hearing his side, I'm gonna be like, oh, I don't wanna listen to anything. I'm with her. That's nuts. Okay? Something else had to have motivated that. I think there's a little investigating into that as well, because ironically, despite the very few people that Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively follow on Instagram, they follow Liz Plank. I mean, they were trying, in my view, to destroy every single piece of his life. Every relationship that he had, they wanted him to suffer. It was cruel. I don't even understand it. It was cruel. It wasn't like, we just want your movie, we want your whole life.


We wanna put you in the hospital having panic attacks because we can. We've got Taylor Swift on our side. That's why, because we can, and we got influence in, and we've got power, and we're threatening as that Reddit post exposed yesterday, we're threatening with sexual assault, allegedly. And If you don't give us everything we want, and then we go back into our timeline and, and we realize that, right? Can you pull up the timeline? Skyler showing September-ish time, all the way up to the filing. Yeah. In August. So you realize August 12th is when we had that anonymous Reddit post that lays out all the drama behind the scenes. We've just had the premier, suddenly we're seeing Blake Lively get all of this backlash. And we are hearing from that Reddit poster on August 12th that Blake Lively is making threats behind the scenes saying, If you don't do this, then I will file for sexual harassment.


And Sony is giving her everything she wants, but I think that date in September is relevant, that in September thereafter, Ryan attempted to buy it ends with us. Ryan Reynolds said, okay, you're appeasing her. You're doing everything she wants, but guess what? We want the whole franchise. And it made a headline. He says, there's no price. I want the entire franchise. And guess what Justin Baldoni did? He said, no. And I think that was when they hatched that plan and they said, well, now we're doing the sexual harassment again, I'm speculating, but I've examined this timeline many times, okay? I know their entire lives. I even know AOR dates. I know, I know when Taylor Swift took two weeks from AOR Brick and was in New York City. I'm that into the timeline.


And I am telling you that it seems that if he had just sold them those rights, we would not be here today. She wouldn't have filed that sexual harassment suit. That is my belief. She would not have filed it, but instead he said no. And so the last thing for them to do was to say, we're not playing around. And they executed on the sexual harassment that they had been threatening in the background per the Reddit post. Another person, by the way, we were trying to locate who that composer could have been, that Taylor Swift allegedly got fired. And tons of you wrote us and said that it looked like it was Brian Tyler. It is indeed true that he had written music for it ends with us. And for whatever reason, that music never saw the light of day.


And so he, he was fired alongside one other individual. And Nathan, I think his name is Nathan. It is Nathan. And apparently the reason was because Taylor Swift had a problem with him. I know If that's true, I know If this is just another dragon scenario in which she pretended Taylor Swift had a problem with him because she wanted, this is going back to Blake, the composer said Blake personally called him because she wanted to use Ryan's composer. Maybe they were getting a piece of the money that way. Maybe this was all being motivated by money. But I would like to look further into what Taylor Swift's issue was with that composer, if that is indeed the right composer, who it is very clear he follows Justin Baldoni Bald follows him.


Baldoni absolutely adores him. He has worked with him on past projects. If this was just another torture point of like the movie's hours. And so we're also going to take away your composer. Anyways, you guys, I want to definitely get into your comments. I also wanna remind you guys that we launched our website yesterday. So If you are a mom watching this, a dad watching this, and you have been waiting for us to bring a shot in the dark back, it is there. If you're one of the people that has routinely watched my podcast outside of the coverage of this, then you know that we are always speaking about how we need to get together a book club. Go to Candace Owens dot com. The book club is beginning. The first book obviously is Chaos regarding the Charles Manson murders, because it is not a fictional book.


It is a real book about our government, the CIA and how Hollywood you guys are into Hollywood true crime stories like this. You need to read chaos and join our book club because it's nuts. It's just, it's the scariest book I've ever read because it's true life and it's our government and it's Hollywood, and we are really understanding how deep and how dark it all has been from the very beginning. By the way, that's a another reason why I am really suspicious of these three journalists, because I read, which is another book that we're gonna read this year, Hollywood Babylon. And when you learn about the founding of Hollywood and how it's always been interconnected, like the Hollywood lawyers and the actresses and the publications and the, you know, murdering people literally a lot since it's got started.


And sometimes I think now you, in terms of journalism, you, you murder people, figuratively. That's what I'm accusing. These people of these are hit pieces. These are not good people. They come from extraordinarily wealthy families and they are not talented. They are connected. And So I, I find their relationships to be extremely suspect. Anyways, Candace Owens dot com, they sign up for those things and we will, we're, we're just gonna have a blast with the book club without question. Alright, I wanna see If you guys wanna send me any more tips or what else you guys want me to look into in the story. I'm gonna jump into your comments, But first


I wanna remind you about PreBorn because there is great news. We have the abortion pill reversal treatment, which promotes women with a second opportunity to choose it. It's bringing babies back to life, literally. So when you join forces with PreBorn Ministries, you empower women to reverse the curse. What you might not be aware of is that even though ROE is overturned and abortion has been greatly restricted in many states, the abortion pill has superseded surgical abortions accounting. Now for over 60% of all abortions, pre-born network of clinics are on standby for women in their darkest hour. They meet them with God's love and free services to help them choose life through ultrasounds and the abortion pill reversal Protocol PreBorn is rescued over 300,000 lives. So If you start this year and you wanted to start this year, right, you could support life by donating to PreBorn Today. One ultrasound cost just $28 and $140 will help rescue five babies donate securely. You just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, before we get into tax season, I know there's tons of people that are overwhelmed with back taxes or unfiled returns while you can get ready because since Covid Relief ended, the IRS hired 20,000 new enforcement agents proposing millions of pay up notices for 2025. So if you're worried about the IRS's collection Tactics Tax Network USA is there. She do not have to face those guys alone. Tax Network, USA is a nation's premier tax relief firm and has negotiated over $1 billion in tax relief for clients. Their services include penalty, forgiveness, hardship programs where you might not even have to repay anything until your tax debt ex expires. And they also offer compromised solutions for lump sum settlements. So whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their experts are ready to assist you. Even if you're behind on taxes due to missing personal or business records, tax Network, USA can help you and they can guide you through the process. If you're dealing with the IRS without a professional, you shouldn't be doing that. It's extremely risky. So protect your financial security with guidance from Tax Network USA and schedule a complimentary consultation by calling 1 809 5 8 1000 or visiting tn usa.com/ Candace. So do not let the IRSs win. Don't let their IRS's aggressive tactics control your life. Visit tn usa.com/ Candace today.


All Right guys, let me see If you have any more tidbits for me regarding this story. In the comment section you guys are saying, let's go. Mohamed says, call me a Brit. 'cause I am sipping this tea. Yes, and I'm telling you guys, look into those three journalists, look into their families. This is not a coincidence. There is something very dark going on here. AJ Lind wrote, absolutely love you, Candace, the Queen of sleuthing, an investigation. Yeah, I do love a good investigation. I'm just, and, and I wanna say this by the way, this is not just me. I feel like we're like the Investigation Army, you know what I mean? It's like an army of women and we just, I don't know. And, and men thank goodness for you guys because you guys are the ones breaking down the tech code and telling me about the script.


And I'm like, I don't know what you mean, but I'll put it on the show. But I just feel like we're so much, we're more dedicated. We can, like, we can be believed because we actually care about these things principally. And it's not because we have a-list friends that are trying to take people down. It's because we both have just, we're being guided by basic morality. So that's been amazing. Angie writes, thank you cans for amazing insights. I am addicted to your Blake Lively and Macron investigations. No one does it like you and looking gorgeous and classy love from Spain. Thank you so much. I so appreciate that. And you guys, If you are enjoying this, wait until you see the Brae Macron thing. I mean, you must know something's crazy, right? Like it's not every day that a president of France sends a threatening letter and tells you don't tell anybody like he did this.


A sitting president of a G seven country sends me a legal letter and says, shh, don't tell anybody. Like, okay, clearly I don't know if he doesn't speak any English, if he doesn't know who CandaceOwens is or if he's ever been to America, Americans, we don't really shut up in general. That's not our thing. Okay? Totally different culture compared to the Europeans and me. I will be completely damned if like some French perv is going to tell me to be quiet about the relationship between him and his wife, husband, you know? And So I am very excited to premiere that and it is gonna bring in so many other pieces. But again, guys, it's old as time, it is tale as old as time.


The media is a lying, corrupt entity that has truly been controlled by a, a, a very small group of people who just take people down when they try to tell the truth. That's the reality of it. And so I'm, I'm just so happy that we've gotten over that hump and that none of us believe them anymore. And I do think that this is kind of part of the reason why the left and the right are teaming up. Like we're just randomly teaming up on stuff because we're both realizing that on both sides of the coin, our people are being taken down with lies. And we have to then invest ourselves in not believing those lies and recognizing that the evil is in fact the media entity. Okay, Peggy says Blake Lively, supported Woody Allen. I did know that an interview for Cafe Society Lively commented on the amazing experience that she had on set with Allen and how he's empowering two women.


And Ronan Farrow is his son. Yep. I'm aware we covered that actually, I think on the first episode that we did regarding Blake Lively, like her even saying hashtag believe women, her lawyers trying to use that. I would shred her in court. I would literally shred her in court. I would have Ronan Pharaoh's sister sitting there. I would have Dylan Pharaoh in there being like, how did you feel when Blake Lively worked with Woody Allen after, after your allegations against him? I mean, this trial has to happen. I have to, I have to be there. I need to be there. Justin Baldoni, if you're ever watching this, you are my cousin. I'm coming. Okay, save me a seat in the front row. Cripe Sue Creates writes loving hour comeback Queens, Candace and Brett. Yes, Brett Cooper. I was in the chat. She's back on YouTube.


It was amazing too. Watch her first show. It was ama, she's just doing amazingly. She's doing Fox News. I love her. She recently found out that she's gonna have to rebuild her Facebook and TikTok. So If you guys are Brett Cooper stands like I am, just go show her love. The Future is independent and she is just a bright star in the Gen Z movement who is classy and positive and great. Emilio Andres writes, as a flight attendant for aa, please keep your thoughts and prayers with the crew and victims' families. Yes. You guys saw yesterday terrible collision. I I, I can't even imagine how this happened. It's ridiculous. A Black Hawk helicopter hitting an American Airlines flight over the Potomac River, and it is absolutely terrible.


Appalling. I had heard last that there were potentially four survivors. I don't know if that's true, but everyone should be praying for the victims and their families. Alaska Dog lady writes, newsflash pregnant Tennessee Mom takes down World Leader and Pop Superstar in one week. That is my show. I think that is my show. It doesn't matter who it is. I just don't like people that lie. I just wanna, can we just all play fair? Okay. You don't have to like me, you don't have to like this person. Like just stop lying on people, okay? Don't lie on Justin Baldoni because you want his company. I don't like that. That's what it's looking like. And yeah, I think now we have enough internet slews that we are definitively going to get to the bottom of what you did there. Okay? I, I just, that's just how I feel.


All Right guys, those are more angles for you to pursue. I'm trying to think if there's any more information. If someone could get me in touch with that composer, that would be great. Maybe send this to Brian Tyler. I'd love to know what the reason is that Taylor Swift allegedly hates him. If there's any truth or veracity to that or if we're looking at the wrong composer, that would be great. Email me tomorrow. We're dedicated to the introduction of the Emmanuel Macron and Brae series. Do not miss it. I'm telling you, it is 20 times better than what we are even speaking about right now with Blake Lively. It's nuts. Okay? It's like all of France knows that that's a man in a wig and they're just gonna gaslight the public with the media, which is, this isn't even about like what you, what your stance is on transgenderism. It's just what your stance is on whether or not you should be able to lie about who you are and run a country.


I guess that's kind of what this is about. If you, if, and also about whether or not you think it's appropriate for a 40-year-old alleged woman to have the hots for a 14-year-old boy. You know, like it's, it's so much bigger than that to stuff that we can agree on in the middle. And I'm telling you, there's plenty there. And what France has been going through is nuts. So guys, please, if you're watching this, go to Candace Owens dot com. We worked so hard on this. Thank you to my husband. I love you so much for all the work that you put into this to my team. I don't like you guys that much, but you worked really hard on this. You guys are okay, Skylar, mark. Chris Savannah's, great. We'll be at the courthouse, me and Savannah, we're gonna be there. Justin Baldoni, we love you. You're our family now. See you tomorrow.