
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade Your Business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet Shop. Pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going. Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are. Visit shopify.com to upgrade your selling today.


All right, you guys. Happy Monday. I have to tell you, you totally inundated me over the weekend with tips regarding Justin Bieber, Hailey Bieber. Also incredible insights on how many people in Hollywood seemed to have survived or not survived the very same thing. I received absolute confirmation by the way that we are on the right path regarding Justin Bieber and his fight for his freedom from Hollywood. And this is probably the most interesting thing which has transpired. Harley Pastor Nick Yays trainer yeah, has blocked me on social media. We were talking about him on Thursday. Now I'm blocked. And I then decided to go down the Prince Rabbit hole. So we're gonna discuss that as well.


Also, I've never had anyone expressly demand that I be put into prison for my speech before, but rather shockingly Trump's former ambassador to Israel. David Friedman is now suggesting that me and Tucker Carlson should be arrested and sent to prison. I'm not kidding. I'm gonna show you a clip. It's unbelievable. It looks like I'm gonna have to maybe get ready to give birth in prison. Anyways, Welcome back to Candace, Ladies and gentlemen. I am shaken, shook, shook it to my core.


Okay, Harley, pastor Nick has blocked me on Insta. I guess that's better than him drugging me and threatening to take a take. Me and I away from my children. Take me back to La La Lands 'cause play dates with the kids are just not gonna be the same. We should probably discuss how we got there. 'cause that is a pretty crazy development. How did we get there? We're Harley passionate, who definitely has links to the deep state is blocking little old me. Well, it's probably because we have been noticing some fangs over here. Obviously on Thursday we started unpacking the Bieber plot. I went on a tip, a very strong tip that Bieber's actually waging a private battle. And I just spiritually felt when I was reading the headlines, like, where have I seen this all before?


Suddenly a person finds Christ and the next thing you know we're being told he's crazy. He's on drugs. His relationship is being monitored every second by people in the media who are essentially trying to create a rift between him and his wife. So let's dial this back a bit. Let me ask you guys a pretty basic question. How many times realistically can a major successful artists that is engaged in a fight for their freedom suddenly become insane drug addicted and then die relatively young? Okay, If you just had to put it within some odds, what would you say the odds are on that? I wanna be clear. I had never been down the Prince Rabbit hole and I'm not totally there yet.


I'm just beginning. And I did not realize that you can quite literally draw a direct line from Prince to Michael Jackson to yay and then now to Justin Bieber and the things that they have been saying and what they're trying to do. Now, I did not grow up in a Prince household beyond a couple of his major hits, namely Raspberry Barrett and when Doves Cry. So when he died on April 21st, 2016, at the very young age of 57, I did not venture to look beyond the media headlines in terms of that story. I just registered the official story. The official story was that he died of a drug overdose, an accidental opioid overdose.


This is from the New York Times. They said quote, prince was found dead in the elevator of his home in Chan Hassen, Minnesota on April 25th, 2016 by Mr. Kirk Johnson and others after he ingested the fatal amount of fentanyl, which is often used to manufacture counterfeit pills that are sold on the black market as oxycodone and other pain reli labors. Okay, so that, that's the official story. What is the unofficial story? What is the unofficial story of Prince? Well, I'm just learning that throughout his entire career, this is the guy who quite literally turned his name into a symbol so that record executives could not benefit off of his name.


Like he was willing to just be a symbol so that he could have ownership over his name. He was constantly at war with the executives at the record labels. And I wanna show you this clip of him discussing how he viewed record labels. This is from 2004. Take a listen. Ever since my third album, I wasn't really taking large advances from the recording companies. I was recording the albums myself in my own studio. So the way I looked at it, I owned the work because I paid for it and I did all the work. I created it So I felt like it should belong to me. That said, the companies felt otherwise and they would always hold this contract up and say, well, you signed it.


And I'd say, well, I understand that. It's not like I wanna leave. I just wanna, you know, talk about this thing and see if we can't make it more fair. Of course they wouldn't change because if they change they wouldn't really exist. And that's kind of the situation we're in right today. They're not gonna exist much longer. If we can work together, then it'll, it's gonna be, you know, everybody will kind of move into a situation where they do what it is that they're qualified to do. If they're gonna be indeed a delivery service, then that's fine. But even FedEx doesn't say that they own the thing that they, you know? Right. It's actually such an interesting point that I had never even thought of. Like, how did the record labels just decide if they own your voice, they should be operating like FedEx.


Like we can distribute your music, but you don't own the thing that you are distributing. Similar to FedEx, he also discussed very early on something that we now know to be quite intentional when we think about the MK Ultra Program. But just the, the degeneration of music over time. Like, you know, people were playing instruments, people had these nice themes that they were singing about and suddenly there was this radical shift and music has become increasingly more raunchy and more pornographic. Well, he was early to that game and here's what he had to say to MTV news about that degeneration. Take a listen. What was it that you were listening to in music today that made you say, I've gotta put some more stuff out there.


You have to do this. Mainly, I sensed a great deal of negativity and entropy in the music. There's, there's a disintegration going on that we really have to address. Our values have been lessened to a great degree. VH one's been pretty cool. They don't show too much craziness on their channel, but other Viacom channels do. So I think that we, we should address this as a community as to what it's doing to the culture. People can say all they want to that there, there's no reason for these kids to listen to music and then go shoot somebody.


But you know, there's something that's triggering these buttons Just incredible because like I'm just telling you, this is the first time that I've ever heard this. 'cause I didn't follow Prince's musical career and I just can't believe that he was having this exact same discussion that we know Michael Jackson was having. And then Ye was having. And just to show this to you again, I know I showed it to you on Thursday. Let's just listen to what Michael Jackson was saying about these same record labels. Record companies really, really do conspire against their artists. They steal, they cheat, they do whatever they can, especially the black artists. Sony, Tommy Mottola, Tommy Mottola is the president of the record division.


He is a mean, he's a racist and he's very, very, very devilish. And you know, YouTube last year took down, I still never got clarity on why they did this, but they took down my interview with Yay. In the midst of all of the fire when he was being called crazy by the press. I sat him down at my home and just had a discussion with him 'cause I wanted to sort of capture that moment. And believe it or not, he was talking about the exact same thing. This treatment of artists really making it sound like a modern form of slavery here is yay. And what he had to say in 2022. We can't just say, oh, it's okay for people to like super complicate deals and to collude on deals and to not look at us as human beings, as artists and athletes and actors.


That we have to be willing to like stand up for that, to be able to change something. And we need to come together as a society to be, to, to be the first civilization that actually became civil. Gosh, it all sounds so reasonable, right? When you hear it like that. But that's not what the media tells us about these people. I mean, when you start speaking like that as an artist or as a podcaster, as somebody who's within a con, within any kind of contract, suddenly the media comes down on you hard. And like we said, wacko jacko. Here's a collage of some headlines. Here's Justin Bieber, a recent collage of the headlines that are coming at him right now.


And I think the message is pretty clear. If they cannot control you, they will ruin you. Okay? They'll say you are on drugs or say you're having a, a mental break. The timing of this discussion, by the way, is rather serendipitous because this week we're getting into our second book of the A book club, my book club, which is Hollywood, Babylon. And we had pre-picked this book not knowing everything that would be going on with Justin Bieber and the conversation that we would be having. But this book really speaks about how Hollywood became Hollywood, about how it was founded. And If you believe Kenneth Anger, then Hollywood was definitively, that's the, that's the author of the book, Kenneth Anger.


Then Hollywood was definitively started by gang members. And I see no reason after having read this book to contradict anything, anything that meaningfully contradicts what he says. The amount of deaths, the murders, the shootings, the convenient overdoses, the pornography, the blackmail, the book introduces us to all of the main players at that time. Paramount Studios, Metro, Goldwin and Meyer, MGM. And it tells you who exactly was at the top of those studios. Namely a guy named Joe, pastor Nick Lewis, b Mayer and Sam Katz. These were the guys who were at the beginning of Hollywood. And I'm very much interested today in Joe Pastor Nick, right?


Because I had begun wondering out loud to myself if, if it was plausible that this guy who had everything to do with the founding of Hollywood might be related to Harley Pastor Nick, the guy who was just gonna take ye back to La La Land as a gym trainer. It just seems to me that every time I come across a connection to the CIA and Hollywood and Mind control, I come across the last name Pastor Nick. Obviously you saw last week, even when we were speaking about that declassified document from MK Ultra, the guy who we couldn't find a picture of, he was a pastor Nick. And we have Joe Pastor Nick over in Hollywood who's running everything.


And we know for a fact that he too worked with the CIA to popularize a book called Dr. Savago, which I should mention that book was written by his Russian cousin. So Joe, pastor Nick and the author of this book, Boris, pastor Nick, were actually cousins. I found that out this weekend. A lot of Pastor Nicks in the mix when it comes to the CIA. Check out this 2014 headlight from, from the Guardian pertaining to that book, Dr. Savago, it reads the CIA used Dr. Savago as a literary weapon during the Cold War. And it tells us that more than 100 newly declassified documents in the US have revealed how the CIA printed Russian language copies of Boris Pastor Nick's classic novel Dr.


Savago during the Cold War in an, in an attempt to sow unrest among Soviet citizens. The CIA published a hardback Russian language edition of Dr. Savago in the Netherlands and a miniature paperback edition at its own headquarters, making sure that quote the hand of the United States government was not to be shown in any manner, reveal the documents. It then pressed copies into the hands of Soviet citizens at the 1958 Brussels Universal and International Exposition, while agents who had contact with Soviet tourists and officials in the West passed out the miniature edition. Okay? So just to be clear, CIA began distributing copies of this book, Dr.


Savago throughout the USSR in the late 1950s as a weapon of war to make Soviets question their government. And similarly to make us Americans and those in the West understand who our enemies were. Taylor's old as time they wanna go to war with somebody first they have to propagandize us. Hollywood and the government have always had a unique relationship. Movies and songs that are being produced are being produced for the purpose of propaganda and social engineering. And this is where Joe Pastor Nick steps in, he would know because he's the person that made Dr. Shiva a winning film in Hollywood. Literally. Okay, in 1966, Joe Pastor Nick put on the first ever color presentation of the Oscar Awards show.


Okay? This is an actual article from that time. It says, Oscar show scheduled next Monday, the Academy of Motion, picture Arts and Sciences will be throwing the, the book at its audience when the first color presentation of the annual Oscar show hits the nation's television screens the night of April 18th. It mentions how this is being thrown on all throughout this article by Joe Pastor Nick, the producer of this year's Oscar cast. And guess what happened that year? Dr. Avago took home a ton of awards. It won for best art direction, best color cinematography, best art design, best screenplay, best screenplay writing, you name it. Okay?


So you can imagine that people at this time who had no idea that this was a government operation, which included Joe Pasek and his cousin, okay? People at this time must have assumed that it was all organic. You go to the Oscars, you watch the the Grammys, you think it's all organic. But in reality, the American population was being intentionally engaged in propaganda. So, I hate to say this, but Kanye was right after all when he said that award shows are fake. They are fake. This is about social engineering. You are the product, your mind is the product. So I started thinking over this weekend, what if we just stopped for one second accusing all of these artists of being crazy and instead we started actually investigating some of the things that they've been saying, right?


They've been saying Kanye, for example, that there are gangs that still control Hollywood and that you aren't allowed to stand up to the game the gangs without being ruined financially, reputationally. And that at very convenient times the world will suddenly learn that you're actually a drug addict or experiencing a mental break. Also, I have to just add this into the mix, is it also sort of weird that it seems to be a common thread in all these stories that when people begin embracing Christianity, they're accused of suffering a psychotic break because that's what's happening in Justin Bieber right now. It's like he's drawing closer to Christ and we're being told no, he's like, he's just lost his mind and he's a druggie and he is broke.


Okay? That seems weird. And that is specifically what ye said happened to him. It was the reason he said that Harley put him in the hospital because ye began quoting the Bible and reading the Bible. And so he said, you, we gotta call an ambulance if something's gone wrong with you, here is yay describing that moment. Actually, the day when they put me in the hospital, I had started reading the Bible really heavy and rewriting Bible verses. And when the Jewish trainer saw and you're like looking like, Hmm, well that sounds pretty bipolar, but the, the Jewish trainer saw that put me in the hospital and then said, and then put it in the press.


He's referring to Harley Pastic and he Harley Pastic then put it in two TMZ, that he had suffered a psychotic break when he was writing Bible verses. Now ye also tweeted this, he tweeted quote, I was told that if I expose the truth of the bad business practices, everything is going to be taken from me, including my black children. And everyone has now bore witness to the public Emmett tilling of, but God has put something on my heart not to back down. Okay? And now I'm thinking about it. It's weird because that's what happened to me too. Such a simple phrase. All I said was Christ is king. And my gosh, did I lose so much? Actually, quite frankly, I think I gained a lot.


But it was a, a scandal that still won't die. There's still reports being produced by the likes of Jordan Peterson on why you can't say Christ is king, okay? It was followed by people who were trying to convince the public back in 2024 that I was suffering from a postpartum psychosis. I'm just showing you three tweets to that effect from last year because it's incredible to reflect upon this person, Avi Weiss, is it possible that Candace is having postpartum psychosis? Joshua Nebo writes, I have said it before and I'll say it again. Candace is suffering from legit psychosis and needs mental health intervention. Lastly, this person get real wrote in August, somebody get Candace some urgent psychological help.


She's actually developing psychosis. What a weird trend. You just diagnose a person you've never met and never seen and they try to convince you that the people are having mental breaks when they say things they don't like. It's, it's weird because it's almost like the people that are doing this are partaking in something that I wouldn't even call a faith, but clearly something that must run counter to Christ. It's interesting, even more so because Kenneth Anger, the author of Hollywood Babylon, was very much a member of the elite. And he said that they all worshiped the occult. So it ain't Judaism, it ain't Christianity, but it's the occult. And he would know because he was one of them until the day he died. He believed in black ceremonial magic.


He believed in the occult and he was interested in works pertaining to blood sacrifice. I mean, he's a total character and yet somehow was allowed to become this like big guy in Hollywood. Like I said, we'll get more into that in the book club that that's not YouTube safe, but it is interesting, right? I should also mention that the media says that Kenneth Anger's book has long been debunked. So don't even think about it. Don't even think about reading it. Just kidding. We're gonna read it anyways. 'cause when the media says something has been debunked, it usually hasn't been anyways. I'm really starting to wonder now about Harley Pastic, right? And if he somehow belongs in this Hollywood CIA link together family tree. So I'll tell you what I did. I decided to just put together a little family tree for Harley pastor Nick.


And I'll tell you what I found First and foremost. Like I told you, Harvey blocked, Harley blocked me on Instagram. Here's proof of that. This is, this is what I see. I see no posts. And I thought it was so weird when I was gonna go through every single post he's ever posted. Okay? Fair. He knew. He knew what I was gonna do. He knew he's watching the show. He knows I like timelines. He blocked me. I thought that was weird. But I was able to find old posts of his. And I'm just beginning this process. Here's an old post about his time spent in the Canadian military. He wrote from 1994 to 1997, I was an exercise nutrition scientist in the military. I worked in a laboratory that focused on the effects of different drugs and foods, on soldiers' ability to run faster, jump higher, and stay awake longer.


I did not have a gun. I never rode in a tank. I never saw enemy fire and my life was never in any danger. On the other hand, tens of thousands of brave men and women soldiers risk their lives to protect ours. I am eternally grateful to all of you who have served to protect our safety and freedom. Thank you so much. So as he was involved in drugging people and seeing what the effects of those drugs were, I also was able to find, while I was looking just briefly through his family tree, wondering if he could be related to Joe Pastic of MGM or Boris Pastic, his cousin. I found that he had mentioned that his Grandma Lucy had survived the Holocaust.


And I can show you that here, blocking out the faces of his family 'cause it doesn't matter. But he's holding a picture of his grandmother, Lucy. Lucy, and he said, this photo is of my great-grandmother, Lucy, pastor Nick, she was from Transylvania and survived Auschwitz. A great deal of who I am today is because of who she was. Okay, I'm gonna flag that for you because I was not able to confirm that information. And I'm gonna show you this tree. 'cause actually it's usually quite simple to confirm information as it pertains to the Holocaust. They've done an incredible job documenting all the victims. And I was able to confirm that her sister, Lucy's sister allegedly survived Auschwitz, but I could not find Lucy herself.


So I'm just asking the public to help me make that connection because the contrary I found interesting, I I found in information that it was just her sister. But anyways, this is his family trait. Harley passionate, again, we're working to confirm this. His parents are public. He has posted them publicly. They do work publicly. So this was not like a a find where we were doxing someone or anything. His mother, Barbara, his dad's name is Joe. And what was really interesting is Joe's grandmother, Joe's mother, as you can see here, is Lucy Nik. Her name was Zi, formerly Mul Dovan. I was able to discover that her sister's name is Magda Adler, formerly Moldovan of Israel.


I'll show you how. But then the grandfather, not a single trace, one mention on a site that his nickname may have been shimmy, but I can't find a single trace of the grandfather. And I'm wondering if that grandfather could have been a son of the original Joe Nik. Hey, even look, looking at these dates, it's totally plausible that Joe Nik had an affair with Lucy. I don't know, I, I just feel like somehow this is supposed to connect that this family tree is supposed to connect. If you're listening to this on audio, you're gonna have to go onto YouTube and look at this family tree. But that missing grandfather kind of really bugs me.


And so I'm gonna ask you guys to send tips at Candace Owens dot com because we then began looking into Lucy thinking it's gonna be very easy to find who her husband is. You telling me you got an Auschwitz survivor and you have kids that are very involved. Harley has a couple of brothers, they're all very involved and I I, I'm sure they've mentioned their grandfather somewhere. No, we couldn't find it even in databases where we were able to to find information about Lucy. And here's what we have found thus far on Lucy, his grandmother who he says survived Auschwitz. Again, just looking for somebody to confirm that maybe she had a different name, but I only have her as leads. She went as Lucy.


I ain't got any other name there. So I'm very curious about that. We have Lucy mentioned in a newspaper as having owned an art gallery. This is a Canadian newspaper and it's in Montreal, which makes sense is where Harvey is from that she was the manager of a gallery in 1970. So a manager of a gallery on Vil Marie in Montreal. And she is just commenting on a portrait here. We have found that we have Lucy again, we know this is the right person mentioned in the birth of Harley's brother. And what's interesting about this, right? So mentions his parents, Joe and Barbara are proud to announce the arrival of their son weighing eight pounds, 13 ounces on January 19th, 1983 at 3:16 PM But it says, first grandchild of Lucy, pastor Nick of Montreal.


That's weird because Harley was born. Harley's mentioned in the next line, brother Harley mother and father doing fine. So how could it be Lucy, pastor Nick's first grandchild if Harley was born? Now this it's a newspaper, they could have gotten something wrong. Special thanks to Dr. Bernstein and staff at Mount Sinai Hospital. Thought it was a weird typo, but I just wanted to draw your attention to that. Then we have the correct Lucy again in her obituary and every obituary that we found. It didn't mention that she had survived Auschwitz or that you know that she was a Holocaust survivor, which I, I flagged as very interesting. That's why I'm asking the public to send me information.


I know there are people that dedicate their entire lives to documenting that stuff. And I've checked those websites. It says Lucy Pastic on Tuesday does not mention her husband again. Lucy Pastic loving mother and mother-in-law of Joe and Barbara devoted grandmother to Harley, Jesse and Bobby, dear sister of Magda Adler of Israel. And then it tells us where the service is going to be. No mention of her late husband. That's a whole I gotta fill guys. Okay, So I'm opening up tips at Candace Owens dot com looking for that missing. Pastor Nick that was married to Lucy who Harley pastor Nick says, survived Auschwitz.


And I have been unable to confirm that just yet. And like I said, the records on that are very tight and usually it's a very quick you can, there's video, videos, lists, everything. And I could not find this woman. I was able to find her sister and confirm that her sister Magda Adler of Israel survived the Holocaust. So you guys can help me with that. Pull up that chart again one more time so they can see it. 'cause now I am really honing in on what's going on here in Hollywood. The CIA, you guys just take that we are looking for this person who potentially went by the nickname Shimmy, which is what we were able to find on the site. Is it possible Joe and Lucy, like maybe it's not a great grandpa up there and it's Joe by a different name.


He traveled extensively, traveled extensively. I'm just wondering, it, it just seems weird not to include that in an obituary or to include that or speak about that publicly. But I'm thinking whatever is going on in Hollywood has been going on for a very long time. Now, what does this all mean? Well, First and foremost, it means it's time for you guys to wake up. I'll tell you that for free. It means that Justin Bieber is fighting a very scary private battle right now. Okay? I am. If I am fearful for his life, it's not because I believe he's on drugs, tell you that for free. It's because I've read too many of these books. I know too much about the late Joe, pastor Nick.


I know too much about the founding of Hollywood. I know too much about all of these artists who conveniently have drug overdoses when they're at the peak of these fights. And now that these fights, like I mentioned to you, are taking place privately and through arbitration and not publicly, it actually puts these individuals more at risk. And I, I think that we really should begin by understanding who has been controlling Hollywood for a very long time. Because if we can connect Harley, pastor Nick to Joe, pastor Nick, and I think we're close here and things are gonna start to get very interesting. Very, very interesting. Anyways, you guys know me. I am on it either way. I appreciate you guys constantly supporting the show.


And we will pause our investigation there and throw it to some sponsors.


First one Gold Co. Because over the last month we have truly seen how much wasteful spending the last administration was doing while the Fed had been working to reign in inflation. The broader economy is still feeling the effects, particularly in everyday items like food, housing, and healthcare. If you've been worried about your savings or retirement, it's time to take a look at diversifying your savings. With Goldco Gold has been recognized as a store of wealth for thousands of years. Unlike other assets, its value is not tied to the performance of any company or government. They can get less susceptible to the volatility of the financial markets. Goldco has made buying medals very simple. They're huge supporters of the show and they're very good at what they do. So right now you can get a free 2025 gold and silver kit jam packed with great information about buying precious metals. You could also qualify for up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver. It's really a great deal, especially right now. So go to Candace likes gold.com to learn more. That's Candace likes gold.com.


Also, is my skin glowing or what? It's never too late to continue embracing positive change in your life. And if you're ready to maintain that new year, new me momentum, then look no further than Nimi Skincare. You guys know I use them from gentle formulas, luxurious treatments. Nimi offers everything that you could need to keep your skin glowing right now. If you use code Candace TenneT checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. So whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is the perfect opportunity to try nimis transformative skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare isn't just another beauty brand, it's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom products are all made here in the USA. And if you're looking for something that's extra gentle, they also have a clean, fragrance-free formulas that are ideal for sensitive skin and those seeking a pure approach to self-care. So don't forget to use code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. That's spelled NIMI skincare.com, promo code Candace 10. And you'll save 10% on your purchase. You can give yourself or someone else the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and keep that fresh start feeling going strong. Well into 2025 Nimi Skincare dot com. Promo code Candace 10.


Okay, this debate seemingly has broken the internet, so we have to discuss it. Like I actually 125,000 tweets pertaining to the Douglas Murray versus Dave Smith debate, which was released I think on Friday on Joe Rogan. It might have been Thursday, actually, I think it was Thursday of last week. X, as I mentioned, was positively dominated by this discussion surrounding the debate. And I wanna say right at the top of this, I actually know both of these gentlemen. I know Douglas Murray because he is from the same circles as my husband in London, highfalutin circles of, of London. And I have had dinner with him, I've been around him and he's very kind.


And I think that that's great because I, it's never great to go into trying to judge debate when you just just don't like somebody, you know, just like, I just don't like, I don't like Douglas Murray. He's actually always been very lovely to me and always very kind to me. And he's one of those people that I can say that even though I very much just agree with him, I don't then say, well he's a terrible human being. But what was happening and what was at root of this discussion was credentialism essentially the first 45 minutes of this debate, If you haven't seen it. And they were supposed to be debating what's happening in Israel Gaza. It was really spent with Douglas Murray suggesting, I would say outright saying that people need to have better expertise on various subjects before they can engage in discussion about those subjects or, and he was really kind of condemning Joe Rogan here.


They shouldn't even be platformed. And he specifically called out Ian Carroll and he called out historian Darrell Cooper, which I was confused about because I think Darrell Cooper is great, but here is what Douglas Murray had to say. If you are gonna interview historians of the conflict or historians in general, why would you get somebody like Ian Carol or Yeah, but Ian Carol. I didn't bring em on for that purpose. I brought 'em on. 'cause I wanna find out like how's one get involved in the whole conspiracy theory business. 'cause his whole thing is just conspiracies. Sure. You know? But do you have any, I mean, there's been a tilt in the conversation in both conversations in the last couple of years, and it's largely to do with people who have appointed themselves, experts who are not experts.


So yeah, Ian Carol I don't think has appointed himself an expert. I just think that he's somebody who's willing to ask questions and to introduce people to information. And I would offer that post covid. I think the idea of expertise has been completely shattered. We can all agree post covid, the idea of expertise has been shattered because all they offered us was this, you can't say this 'cause you're not a doctor. You can't say this because you don't understand. You're not in the emergency rooms. What do you know about vaccines? And then it ended up being the regular people who were asking meaningful questions and not prepared to instantly roll up their sleeves because the government mandated it wound up being correct despite the censorship.


So we understood that we had to have more conversation, not less conversation. We actually need to hear independent voices that aren't a part of the organ of media or the organ of pharma. But the part that I think in terms of this debate between him and Dave Smith that I and many others were especially confused by is the idea that you need to physically visit a place before you can engage in a discussion about it. Take a listen. Have you been to the crossing points? No. When were you last there at all? I've never been. You've never been? Well, I'm not, am I not allowed to talk about it now?


I've never been to, have you ever been to Nazi Germany? Are you allowed to have feelings about them? You can't time travel, but you can tra but you can travel. Okay, but so what, so what's the point? Like, Okay, I find that lots Of people have been there and agree with me and lots of people have been there and agree with you. Yeah. But So I don't what You're gonna spend a year and a half talking about, about a place you should at least do the courtesy of visiting it. All right. I just think this is a non argument, but okay. You don't think, Okay. No, I think it's a non argument. But If you are an ex, you Have to go and touch the ground. Talk about it. No, I think you have to see, I think it's a good idea to see stuff, particularly If you spend a career talking about something. Yes. I, I have a journalistic rule of trying never to talk about a country even in passing unless I've at least been there. Okay. But it's A sort of not sort of normal in, it's a normal thing to do.


You're talking about, hang on, you're talking about crossing points and not only have you never been to a crossing point in either Egypt or in Israel, but you've never even been to the region. Okay. Again, I think this is a non argument. I don't Understand. No, it's not a non argument. Yeah. It's, it's not a non argument. If you are insisting that you are an expert of some kind or not claiming you are an expert, but still talking about it, about the provisions going into Gaza or not, if you've never seen any of this going on's Amazing. So you're not allowed to me speak about things that you've read about. You ha You can only speak about things that you've seen with your Own eyes. You can talk about what you want as you're proving, but that is a different matter from spending an awfully long amount of time talking about an issue in a region you haven't even had the courtesy to visit.


So I'm genuinely not sure what that argument means. And I would like definitely love for him to expand upon that because that would virtually exclude everyone ever, right? From being able to engage in a debate about anything. Right. Unless you have money who's got the money to be traveling around the world so that we can visit to see the places, the various places that all of our tax dollars are going. Also, I have actually been to Israel and I would not cite myself as somebody who is more educated than Dave Smith on this topic. Absolutely not. In fact, I, I routinely text Dave Smith and ask him questions as I've been learning about this topic. I don't understand.


I mean, if, if my tax dollars have to go towards that, I would imagine that I have a right to speak about it and I shouldn't just have to fund myself getting out there. I I, I really just didn't understand this. I don't think as an example that Australia should have been locked down in the way that it was, way that it was locking down its citizens during covid. I've never been to Australia. I don't think my tax dollars should be sent to Ukraine at this moment because they can't even account for all the billions that we've already given them. They just lost it. It went into a dark hole. We've sent them all this money and now these Ukrainian oligarchs are popping up buying yachts in Saint Troope.


Saw them, okay, they're buying all of these Russian yachts. Never been to Ukraine. Think I have a right to say that and to keep harping on this fact that we need to stop giving money to these countries when it seems like they're just laundering it and putting it elsewhere. I don't think our government looking into the past should have dropped a bomb on praying Catholics in Nagasaki. I don't think that did anything to end the war. And I'd be happy to engage in a debate with any person that thinks that it has never been to Nagasaki. I don't think we should be funding L-G-B-T-Q programs in Pakistan. We are never been to Pakistan, I don't think, perhaps most ludicrously, when Rand Paul released his list of government excess spending that he does annually, and he told us that our government was funding Japanese quails, they were giving Japanese quails cocaine to see if it increased their sex drive.


I don't think we should be doing that. I think it's absurd. And I thought that before I went to Japan for the first time last year. First year. And when I went to Japan, I didn't see any Japanese quails. But did it make me any more or less of an expert or any more qualified to discuss whether or not we should be giving them cocaine? Because that registers to most people as an issue of basic morality. And I would argue also of extreme financial stupidity, like just common sense. I don't need to get on a plane to go observe a Japanese quail high on cocaine to tell you that. I don't think we should be funding that. You know, I just have to have an ability to think in general. And I'm not sure exactly and, and where I would push back here as well.


What makes somebody an expert on something? Is it, is it physically going someplace? Is it a, a degree that confers onto you some special powers? Is it money having the money to visit places and to check it off and say, I visited this many places And so now I'm an expert or I can at least, you know, engage in a topic that I care about? I think a lot of people who even are huge fans of, of Douglas Murray, and by the way, like I said, I I, I have really enjoyed him personally. He's always been very kind to me. He's not like a, a lot of the people who engaged in this ultra Zionism that drive me insane and who I can tell you are bad people. Like we're not, I'm not like putting him in the category of Seth Dylan and like Joel Berry of the Babylon B.


He's very enjoyable. And So I was very surprised to hear him argue in this style. And I think even the people who are are ultra Zionists said the same thing. That they were kind of confused by this line of arguments. It seems more like an effort to control speech and just to be clear speech. If it's true, it doesn't really matter who the speaker is or where they've been or how many passport stamps they have. And even YouTuber, God sod, who's legitimately lost his mind and just rants and raves about how everything is anti-Semitic had a pretty reasonable take about this debate. And he is also, he's a massive fan of Douglas. Murray has had him on his show multiple times, and here's what he had to say. I thought it would've been probably better if he just said, here are 10 things that you guys espoused and let me address how each of them as complete nonsense.


Rather than saying, you know, we need historians to talk about these positions or people who have the right credentials. I think that's, that's the wrong reflex to have. I think it's much better to judge people based on the ideas that they espouse. And earlier today I put up a, a post on my X feed where I said, look, in bullion algebra you can test or establish whether a statement is true or false. It's it's binary system based on axiomatic truths, b based on axiomatic properties, right?


And that bullion algebra statement is true or false irrespective of whomever writes it down and whomever reads it. And so by a similar analog reasoning, a statement is true or false, whether it's a plumber who said it or a eminent historian or a fancy professor. As a matter of fact, as I have explained repeatedly and certainly the parasitic mind, all of the parasitic ideas that I discuss in the parasitic mind stem from professors and in, in, in channeling the spirit of Orwell, it takes intellectuals to come up with some of the dumbest ideas.


And really it that's a Thomas soul who has done extensive research on showing you how academics and professors and the people who perceive themselves to be like the intellectual elite, elite, the academia have put forth the worst ideas in the world that have led to so many people being killed. You know, eugenics, people that were behind eugenics, that all the things that they have done and they do this with this sort of academic snobbery is the reason why we have so much suffering worldwide. Like I said, Thomas Sowell has an extensive brilliant work on that talking about really, really speaking to the Harvard types and the Stanford types. And so it's doesn't make me comfortable that we're seeing sort of this emergence of people who are beginning to think that only some people are capable of thinking.


I think people are drawn to Ian Carroll because he's an imperfect character, because he's willing to at least investigate things and say when he gets things wrong, similar to me, you know, if I'm looking for something, I ask for the public to help me find it. We have a right to investigate and to think. And Douglas Murray used to very much hold that position here, here he is on Lex Friedman back in 2022. One argument they say is, you, Douglas Murray, you Lex Freeman don't have the right to talk about race and racism in America. It is our struggle. You are from a privileged class of people that don't, don't know what it's like to be a black man or woman in America walking down the street.


I really resent that form of argumentation. Sure, I really resent it. I have the right to talk about whatever the hell I want and no one's gonna stop me or try to intimidate me. Yeah. Or tell me that I can't simply because of my skin color. And I think that if I said to somebody else the other way around, it would be equally reprehensible if I said, shut up. You have no right to criticize anything that Douglas Murray says because you've not got my skin color. Okay. It's not an exact comparison, but seriously, is that a, is that a reasonable form of argument? You haven't been through everything I've been through in my life, therefore you can't comment. No. In that case, nobody can talk about anything. We might as well pack up, go home and isolate ourselves.


For example, Holocaust survivors. Yes, there is a sense in which, maybe a basic sense of civility when a Holocaust survivor is speaking about their experience of the Holocaust, then an intellectual from a very different part of the world is simply writing about nuanced geopolitics of World War ii. Just should not interrupt the Holocaust survivor. Will you Physically interrupt them if they're telling their story? No. With words, with logic and reason that the experience of the Holocaust survivor somehow fundamentally has a deeper understanding of the humanity and the injustice of the, Well, first of all, I, I again, we're even deeper water now, but in terms of wanting to listen to another person who has experienced something, yes, yes, but not endlessly.


Not endlessly. I mean there are some people who've written about the, I mean, there are people who've written about the Holocaust who didn't experience the Holocaust and have written about it better than people who did. It's, it's not this, this, this idea that the lived experience to use this terrible modern jargon as if there's another type, this, this, this idea that the lived experience has to triumph over everything else is, is not always correct. I very much agree with everything that he said there. So you, you wonder what has, what has caused a shift in his viewpoints? Or maybe it's not, maybe I'm getting it wrong, it's not a shift in his viewpoint and he can better explain why he now thinks that people have to have certain experiences in order to engage in a discussion.


And sometimes discussions just being about, again, basic morality, basic principles. Should kids and children should children and women be blown up into perpetuity as a response. That feels like a basic moral issue for me. This is gonna get even crazier you guys because it does seem that we are constantly carving out these special territory for discussion pertaining to Israel. Like the smears of are never more insane. And it, it's something to pay attention to on the right. I am telling you guys what is happening right now is insane, right? They are trying to infringe upon our speech in ways that are getting very dark and very creepy. David Friedman, who was Trump's former US ambassador in the first term, former US ambassador to Israel, essentially is praising the current, this current administration for jailing and deporting critics of Israel and was specifically asked about me and Tucker Carlson and he's calling for more deportation jail and the cutting of funding to antisemites people that are openly disgusted.


This is gonna be like Dave Smith in the future. Pay attention to this. Where are all of those free speech people who gripped off of free speech and who won't say anything and recognizing that this administration, this current administration is taking a turn that is quite dark, okay? It is not what we signed up for. We are supposed to be the people who defend speech. So why is it now I'm finding myself in agreement with Anna Casper and Chen over at the young Turks who are calling out what is happening and how suddenly there is this squeeze on speech only as it pertains to the special topic of Israel. Take a listen to what Anna had to say on the young Turks.


David Friedman, who actually was Trump's ambassador to Israel in his first term. He doesn't just stop at progressives and their critique of Israel, he's also focusing on the right wing as well. And I suspect that this is waking the right wing up. Yeah, It is not gonna play Well because If you think that, you know, free speech violations are only gonna impact the left, you'd be mistaken. Take a look. I condemn antisemitism on the right and on the left. I'm an equal opportunity condemner of antisemitism. You Are, you are alluding to Candace Owens and Tucker Hill Tucker.


Yeah. None of them are any good on the right on the left. I don't like any of these anti-Semites and I'm not shy about it. There's no reason to think we're ever gonna convince them, but we can deport them, we can put them in jail, we can make their lives miserable. We can cut off their funding. And that's what the Trump administration is doing for the first time. Okay? Now understand what he considers anti-Semitism. And by the way, you're an American citizen, citizen, If you are spewing anti-Semitic garbage, you're actually free to do that as long as you don't act on it, right? Free speech is a thing. Hate speech is protected under the first amendment. This guy thinks that simply criticizing how Israel is prosecuting the war is already anti-Semitic.


It's already anti-Semitism and he wants to throw you in prison for it. Yeah, in prison for it. And, and by the way, that was an answer to a question about Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens. So we're not talking about student visas anymore. Oh my god. Now we're talking about core American podcasters. People at media on the right and the left. If you criticize Israel, he says, well, you have no heart and you have no mind. You have no heart because of course you should know when Israel slaughtered 15,000 children, it was the most moral thing to do. And If you dare disagree, we'll arrest you. And what did he say? Oh, we'll cut off your funding by the way, he's like, it's antisemitic to say that the Jews would control speech in America.


But If you dare cross Israel, we'll cut off your funding. We'll deport you, we'll arrest you, But Don don't say it If you say it, what I just said, I'm gonna call you an antisemite. I Know, maybe I'll throw you in prison. Okay? You're saying, well, we start with the left, but we're equal opportunity condemners. Yeah. So Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, and everyone else, you start slightly criticizing Israel. We got a jail in Louisiana and then one in El Salvador that pres, that Israel can send you to via the US government. It's insane. Okay? It is insane time for Americans to wake up to what is happening, okay? Because our freedoms will be taken away very quickly.


And yes, it is happening under this administration, okay? 1000%. Trump is being surrounded by ultra Zionists who are getting him to take stances that are running counter to freedom. And those of us that are calling that, I don't care, I really don't care what you call me, I, I don't have to survive a Trump administration. My kids have to be able to grow up in a free country. I just, I just can't. I will not tolerate it whether it's happening on the left or the right.


Anyways, you guys, before I get into some of your comments, can't wait to hear what you guys have to say first to remind you about American Financing because interest rates have dropped and now it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills, eggs, coffee. Many are reaching for the credit cards to pay for this. If you're a homeowner, interest rates have finally fallen into the fives. It's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity line and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And if you're carrying a balance every month, you are stuck in an endless cycle. You can break free today by just calling American Financing and seeing how much you could be saving. And If you start right now, you may even be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


All Right guys, let's get to some of your comments. Also wanna remind you, by the way, about the book club, it's a perfect time to set up. If you have not already, we have tons of people that are part of the book club. You can go to Candace Owens dot com, hit the book club, you can get it overnight at Hollywood Babylon. We start tomorrow that book where, so we're ending chaos. Kinda wrap it up, you know, summarize what we've learned from it so that we can just, you know, really drive home those points of what happened in the sixties. And then we will begin the discussion of Hollywood Babylon. So if we get to anything, it'll be the first chapter. But really wanting you to know who Kenneth Anger is, who the writer is, it's very important as we start getting into how Hollywood was founded and funded and what was going on. And essentially because we weren't alive in the twenties and the thirties, they don't like you knowing how Hollywood was designed and who it was designed for and by.


So it's gonna be a very interesting read Patmos, if you've realized how great the website is getting now that we have the live chat going for the book


club. Well Patmos is are the people that were behind Candace Owens dot com, they've revamped, it's been amazing. They're the most trusted alternative to big hosting with multiple data centers and a US customer service space. They are providing us with tremendous value for all of our hosting and web development needs. So if big Tech has got you down, you can discover why businesses save big and get better service by switching to Patmos. Visit Patmos Tech to make the switch today. That's Patmos tech.


All right. And book Club, By the way, is at 6:00 PM Eastern tomorrow in case you're wondering what time. So I will see you guys there. Okay, comments. Nadia writes, Candace so many of us trust you and believe in you. Thank you for doing the Lord's work. Harley blocking you has guilty written all over it. No coincidence that Kardashians have access to someone like him. Like I said, I think a lot about the Kardashians now and the stuff that Kanye told me that sounded insane at the time and I'm kind of working through my mind still working on that, but something that that will probably come up in the future. Oz Baz writes, thank you for speaking up also about Prince. He had helped so many and it's about time people see he was a part of that agenda. Rest in power skipper hashtag fear, the fro fear.


What's that hashtag? Is that a thing Sarah writes? Seems like a lot of child stars die young of suicide or overdose. Girl, wait till we get to Hollywood, Babylon. And when artists start speaking out or finding faith, they do seem to suddenly become crazy or addicts then they die within a few years of speaking out. That's how it goes. It's very antichrist. Tracy Bassett writes, isn't freedom of the press part of our constitution? Total rhetorical question, isn't freedom of the press part of our constitution? Total rhetorical question. I think we just maybe copied that twice. I think she only said it once. Cynthia writes, I plan to homeschool. But how do I find sources that actually teach truth? Everything feels biased. History, science, even books and tv. I just want my kids raised on what's real not rewritten.


Yeah, well if you're gonna follow their academic program, then you are, it's going to be biased. And that's why we have to research these things ourselves. We have to find our own books and you know, stick to the hard academics in terms of homeschooling. You know, teach your kids arithmetic, teach your kids how to write, how to read. And then when you wanna get into history, you're gonna have to do that work. You're gonna have to do the work to find out what is the true story and introducing 'em to various podcasts and allowing them to do some of the critical thinking when they hear different perspectives. Finding great documentaries. It's usually the stuff that doesn't get the attention that you can find the most truth in. Hence us just even speaking about how we just accept a huge Hollywood blockbuster must be true.


And then you realize the CIA's been behind all of this stuff and you're like, wait, this was just propaganda. We, we are all victims of severe propaganda. It's Archie Wrights. Just wanted to say I'm five episodes into a shot in the dark. This is, in my opinion, the best work you've ever done. Thanks for doing this to us. Parents can get a starting point of information with resources to go deeper. Thank you for saying that. 'cause I have long said that the most important work that I've ever done has been a shot in the dark. Every parent should watch it. It is worth whatever it is that it costs to download a shot in the dark. If you know nothing about vaccines and you're just being pressured by your doctor and you're feeling overwhelmed, you just had a child, every new parent should watch the series. It is is not pushing you one way or the other.


It's presenting you with actual evidence and actual proof of what these diseases were in the past, how effective the vaccines were, so that you can at least have a dialogue with your pediatrician and not just, well you should do it 'cause it's always been done. That's foolish. Your child has one body. You don't wanna make a mistake and realize that you did it because you were peer pressured. Truth writer writes, as a Muslim, I pray for your safety and I always appreciate your truth telling. I also bought the anti fem Merch. Please never give up and I wish you a blessed maternity, maternity leave. Thank you so much. Maxine writes, good morning, Candace from Australia additional to Ian. Can you also have Bret and Tucker host your show? Oh, I wish I could have Tucker host my show. He's so much bigger And so much more popular than me.


Also Brett, I feel has been, she's like on a tour right now and she's also just blowing up and I know how hard it's to get started when you're doing your own thing and she's just coming out of corporate media, So I doubt she would have time to juggle that. So, but it would be amazing. I would love to have Tucker host my show. I I, I've gotta do Tucker's show in the near future because he's fantastic and I feel like I haven't seen him in a long time. Ally writes, love Ian Carol, but we are going to miss you while you're on leave. Don't worry. I'll pop in a few times to say hi, maybe introduce you guys to the new baby. And don't forget, I'm still gonna do the book club 'cause I feel like that's chill and I can just have my baby on my chest. He'll be so new, he'll just be sleeping the whole time. And you guys will be easy. If I need to say nevermind, I gotta go feed him.


You'll let me leave again. Remind you guys. Book Club is tomorrow 6:00 PM Eastern, so check it out over at Candace Owens dot com. Great time to sign up and you can purchase Hollywood Babylon and get it overnighted to you so that you can join it If you are interested. And don't forget to send me tips at Candace Owens dot com as we look for that missing relative of Harley past Nick. And also a confirmation of a Lucy past Nick who survived Auschwitz. We do have confirmation that her sister Magda Adler did, but I cannot find that as it pertains to Lucy. All right, you guys, I think we covered a lot today. See you tomorrow.