
All Right guys. Happy Friday. It's gonna be a Happy Friday. Don't worry, we've got tons of funny content coming up. But first I wanted to ask you guys if I'm the only person that doesn't feel like Trump has this selection totally in the bag, like I'm wondering if conservatives might be diluting themselves a little bit with hope. And I'll tell you why. I'll tell you what's been on my mind beyond Taylor Swift. By the way, the Democrats are now rolling out John Legend to remind people in Springfield, Ohio that they should not care that they've just received a 20% population increase in the form of Haitian migrants who are some, say eating the dogs and eating the cats. Plus Shannon Sharp. don don't know If, you saw this. This is a Whoopsies Oopsies. He's a former NFL player Hall of Famer podcaster altogether.


Well-liked guy while he accidentally went live on Instagram while engaged in some sexual relations. Should he be punished for this audio porn by accident thing? All that coming up on Candace. All right, so If, you're a good detective. According to Sherlock Holmes, you always pay attention to the dog that didn't bark. you know, so the thing that wasn't said, what the voice that you didn't hear, and I'm kind of interested now in the dog that didn't bark on debate night.


Have you thought about that? Like something that was an obvious topic that should have come up that totally didn't come up. We should pay attention to it because it's a clue because If, you remember to jog your memory about the 2020 election debate. Well, that dog had a very loud bark. So let's rewind. This is an old clip, an old montage of debates during the 2020 election cycle. Take a listen As we meet tonight, millions of Americans are receiving mail-in ballots or going to vote early. How confident should we be that this will be a fair election? And what are you prepared to do over the next five plus weeks?


Because it'll not only be to election day, but also counting some ballots mail-in ballots after election day. What are you prepared to do to reassure the American people that the next president will be the legitimate winner of this election? In eight states, election workers are prohibited currently by law eight states from even beginning to process ballots, even take them out of the envelopes and yes, flatten them until election day. That means that it's likely because there's gonna be a huge increase in mail-in balloting that we are not gonna know on election night who the winner is. That it could be days, it could be weeks, could be months until we find out who the, the, the new president is.


So I first for you sir. Finally, for the, for the vice president. I hope neither of you will interrupt the other. Will you urge your supporters to stay calm during this extended period, not to engage in any civil unrest? And will you pledge tonight that you will not declare victory until the election has been independently certified? President Trump has several times refused to commit himself to a peaceful transfer of power after the election. If your ticket wins and President Trump refuses to accept a peaceful transfer of power, what steps would you and Vice President Biden then take? What would happen next? You have two minutes.


It's super interesting to look at that in the retrospect. They just knew what was coming. you know, I am one of the people doesn't think, but knows obviously that the FBI was involved on January 6th and they knew that that was coming because they knew that they were radically transforming the way that we voted and that they had thought of that as a mechanism to rig our elections. I will never change my mind in the fact that the 2020 election was rigged and they use covid as an excuse and they were preparing us. But you, you'll accept the results and you, you're ex expecting that it could take a very long time for us to count the votes as we determine how many votes it is that we need to beat Trump and then magically find them because we've got all of these mail-in ballots that we can just mass produce.


Yeah, well it's interesting to think about that this insistence they were talking about Fair elections peace, that was what they cared about, peaceful transfers, everything needed to be fair. And yet you would think that if peace was something that they were after and they were worried about elections being fair, that they would still be concerned about that. Now in 2024, and here is the dog that did not bark during this week's debate. Do you guys remember this taking place just 62 days ago? You see something that said, take a look at what happened over Doing whatcha doing.


It has been just 62 days since a lone shooter almost assassinated President Trump. You wanna talk about fair elections? While the person that was just about to secure the Republican nominee was supposed to be dead, he was supposed to be murdered. And we were all supposed to be watching it because like I said, they wanted all of us to be watching him live on stage. They wanted us to watch him being shot because it was supposed to be AED by mass psychosis event. It was supposed to make us all modify our behavior in what way? And it's important to realize how strange it is that this never came up during the debates. January 6th came up during the debates, but not the fact that somebody who half more than half of the nation is behind and wanted to be their nominee was almost killed.


Didn't ask Kamala Harris a single question about that. and that strikes me as remarkably strange. In fact, it strikes me as remarkably strange that we've moved on from the story so quickly. The media is not speaking about it. There's a reason for that. And I think it's in incredibly compelling and powerful that Melania Trump, who rarely speaks, has used her voice to underscore how strange it is that we have moved on from this most important narrative. Take a listen to her. The attempt to end my husband's life was a horrible, distressing experience. Now the silence around it feels heavy. I can't help but wonder why didn't law enforcement officials arrest the shooter before the speech?


There is definitely more to this story and we need to uncover the truth. Yeah, I'm getting real sick of this idea that everything is just a remarkable security failure when these sorts of events take place. A remarkable security failure is what took place, which is something that could have led to a civil war. Something that would've radically transformed this election. A remarkable security failure. Quite interestingly, interestingly, Richard Blumenthal, he's a congressman up in Connecticut, has spoken out about how strange it is and he says that the public is going to be quite appalled and shocked when more information about this assassination attempt is made public.


Take a listen to what he had to say yesterday. I think the American people are gonna be shocked, astonished, and appalled by what we will report to them about the failures by the Secret Service in this assassination attempt on the former president. But I think they also ought to be appalled and astonished by the failure of the Department of Homeland Security to be more forthcoming, to be as candid and frank as it should be to them in terms of providing information. And we are going to absolutely insist on the truth and the whole truth in documents and testimony as members of the United States Senate, but also as citizen.


What did you learn new today when you said there were gonna be appalled? What? I'm not going to go into what we have learned in specifics. I'm giving you my reaction and we will have a report very, very soon that I think will absolutely shock the American people. Or it should about the lapses and lags in the protection that was afforded that day and the breakdown in communication, failure and responsibility. Is that a report coming today or tomorrow? I'm sorry? Is that report coming out tonight or tomorrow? No. Who does the Department of Homeland Security work for?


When were they established all of these states departments who do the CIA work for? I mean, we've all kind of come to the conclusion that's obviously not for the American people, but we do know what they serve, what interests they serve and their interests might be an answer to the question of why the state wanted to murder Donald Trump. That's 'cause that's what happened. Obviously the state wanted Donald Trump to be assassinated and the reason that they wanted Donald Trump to be assassinated was 'cause they did not want him to secure the Republican nomination. So let's run it this way. What would have happened if Donald Trump was assassinated? Who would have clinched the Republican nominee? Well, if what we know is that what they care about, the CIA of course is just international dominion, constantly going to war.


The military industrial complex is what we are referring to. They want nonstop war. And you go, okay, well why can't Trump be president? Well, because Trump was a verse to war. We know that he ran and he, he spoke about bringing our troops home. Even this week on the debate stage when he was asked about the Ukraine question, he danced around it a little bit. And you could sense that he does not believe that we have any business in Ukraine that is problematic for the military industrial complex because they're always itching to go to war because they have incentives that are not made public. We don't know what it is like I said that we're doing in the Middle East. Why we are nonstop bombing the Middle East. We have no idea what we got involved in Ukraine. But we do know that these things were able to happen quickly under a Biden presidency.


And the reason for that is because Biden is effectively dead. Okay? And that's who they want in office. They want somebody that they can severely blackmail someone who's got skeletons in their closet. Someone like a Emmanuel Macron type character who's married to a man and has been involved likely in some other interesting stuff. Like go, okay, well you can be, you can be the person that is going to be the front because that's all it's, it's supposed to be performative or supposed to think the president is leading the country. Biden clearly has not been been leading the country that is abundantly obvious to the entire world at this moment. So who is like I said, they just want a person that's gonna do what they say. Not somebody like Trump. Trump's not good for that. Okay?


Trump's just not gonna take that sitting down. He's not going to, when someone says, well, we're just going to war and pull the people out of Afghanistan tomorrow, it doesn't matter how many American troops die, we want them out so that we can immediately transfer the money that was going into Afghanistan over to Ukraine. And that's what happened within like a week. It's unbelievable when you take a look at the finances, it's not somebody that's going to ask questions. Okay? They don't need somebody like Trump in office. They need someone that's gonna go along with the show And. so they, they wanted to kill Trump. I'm not buying this lone shooter narrative. I'm completely done with believing in any of these lone shooter narratives after having read that book. But I tell everybody to read chaos, you need to learn about MK Troy. You need to learn about all of these programs to brainwash people to commit crimes.


that is a reality. They wanted to brainwash people to commit crimes. And again, the most heinous crimes, when you go back and you reflect on all of the murders and all of the serial killers that you think you know about, there is always going to be an angle that involves our government, which should terrify you, okay? But be happy that it provides clarity about what's actually happening in this country. So Donald Trump is not the establishments candidate that is abundantly clear. that is abundantly obvious. We should recognize that. And they're so desperate not to have him in office that they tried to kill him. 'cause if they had been successful and they had killed him, well then what was right around the corner was the Republican convention.


And it would've been an open convention. This means that the Republican delegates would've been able to decide, oh my gosh, well it's not Trump, so we're just gonna decide who we want to fill his shoes. This would've been an effective coup, just like they did with Biden. It would've been an effective coup. And who would they have picked? Well, the person who had dropped out before and who had rather conspicuously announced that she was suddenly speaking at the RNC was Nikki Haley. And Nikki Haley is about as pro-military industrial complex as it gets, she was the the favored NeoCon pick. In fact, she took a very long time for her to even drop out. All she talks about is war, war, war, war, bomb, bomb, bomb.


Women's never would've met a war that she did not like. She would've been a perfect candidate and then it would've been a a two horse race and the deep state would've been very happy. So why am I worried about the Trump campaign? Well, because if they are so desperate to not have him be in office that they will murder him, then have the establishment media bury the story so much so that it's not even asked about on the debate stage, then it means that they already have a plan that is an action right now. And I am concerned that the Trump campaign is being squeezed right now by neocons. I do. I believe it. You think about all of the people that were pro Hillary Clinton, conservatives, conservatives, pro Hillary Clinton, so much so never Trump that they were willing to have Hillary Clinton be in office.


Now why would that be? Because there is no left and right when it comes to the military industrial complex. This is how you get someone like Megan McCain saying that she's voting for Kamala because they're voting for the same exact interests. People that have investments, Lockheed Martin, people whose families have been enriched by never ending wars, by selling out the American people. They are okay whether it's a left candidate or a right candidate, so long as it is a war candidate and a war candidate is who they want in office. And I think they're squeezing him. I think it's weird that all these people that were so never Trump are now the most vocal Trump supporters right now. And I think he's capitulating to them because his people around him are telling him, this is great.


This is a sign that you're bringing people in. But in reality, I think that they, they got smart. They realized that going Deborah Trump didn't stop him from getting into the White House in 2016 And. so they instead tried to have their candidate beat Trump. And we tried DeSantis, we tried Nikki Haley that didn't work, And. so now they're just going to pretend that they support him and in reality they're supporting him by, I think pulling him away from his prior maga isolationist more isolationist beliefs. And I, I genuinely believe it's, I, I believe that this is an intentional infiltration.


I believe that they're creating an illusion. don don't even know if these people are actually going to vote for him behind closed doors. I, I truly believe that their strategy here is to kill him with kindness. And it concerns me. Lemme tell you, I obviously am hoping that I am wrong. I hope that I am wrong. This has not been a beautiful hand that we are watching being played by the neocons who really want Kamala Harris to win because she is someone who has proven that she can be controlled and she will do whatever it is that they say. I hope I'm wrong. I hope I'm wrong. And I hope with everything in me that Trump beats Kamala in November. But I, I do not think that in a circumstance where they are not even mentioning that he was almost killed, something that would be talked about nonstop every day, a dark day in democracy.


We're talking about January 6th and this man was almost shot on stage. What does that signal to you? They wanna move on from it because they have another planet they wanna implement and they want the people to forget about the fact that the most violent event since JFK got shot in broad daylight almost took place in this country. Again, I hope I'm wrong, but I have to express my apprehensions


All Right. guys, I want to remind you about PreBorn because according to a recent report, planned Parenthood continues to rake in billions despite dwindling clients. The biggest takeaway is that Planned Parenthood is generating vast profits, including millions in taxpayer funding. With PreBorn, we get to actively steal their clientele, meaning we get the opportunity to rescue the babies that they are trying to kill. PreBorn operates in a very slim budget, rescuing over 200 babies', lives every single day with no government funding. PreBorn network of clinics are situated in the darkest corners of the nation, competing head to head with the abortion giants and they need our help. Now more than ever, when you donate just $28 to PreBorn, you'll offer a free ultrasound to an expectant mother that is caught in a crisis. Because once she hears that heartbeat and sees that precious life, her baby's chance at life more than doubles, so sponsor a precious baby's life today, your tax deductible gift will go directly towards saving babies' lives. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyboard baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace


All Right. guys, let me jump into this brief little update because it's very interesting. People were messaging me going, did you see the update about Natasha Ray, the update about Jit Macron? And I had already warned you guys that this was coming, that the media was trying to establish a red herring because the evidence is so overwhelming. It is just inescapably true that Bridgette Macron was a man, lived her life as a man named John Michel Trino for about 30 plus years before transitioning into Bridgette and taking the name of what was her little sister. Obviously this is so true that they just keep centering this off the internet. And they removed my interview with the journalist who broke the story, a man named Xavier P who publishes a newspaper called Face Ku and like I said, three year investigative work and he has never been sued for defamation.


Now the media is intelligent enough to understand that this is all happening in France. We are in the English speaking world And. so what they needed to do was to rely on people being unable to read the documents in a court case and then send out their Mockingbird journalist to pretend that the journalist was being sued for defamation. Xavier Psar has never been sued for defamation. What actually happened, and this is why you're now seeing this headline as they're declaring it a win, two women guilty of slandering Jit Macron. These two women do not own the publication that published the six part docu, the six part docuseries about the transition. So what they did was they went after one of the investigators, which was a French woman and her name is Natasha Ray.


After they had published the six part series, Xavier Psar published it. Natasha Ray who had assisted in his investigation went onto YouTube to talk about it. They did like a a four hour podcast typed interview where she spoke about the case And. so they had four hours of content, they needed her to just make one false statement in order for them to be able to sue her for defamation even if the false statement had nothing to do with JIT being transgendered. And it didn't that false statement, just so you guys understand, she went on the podcast and she was recounting how difficult it was for her to secure Jean-Michel Trudeau's birth certificate from the city hall, which is they're, they're required to present that to you in France, If, you request it.


They told her that they didn't have it after multiple requests and then they published Xavier Psar published the six part series without it and then they suddenly contacted and said, oh we do have the birth certificate. And Natasha Ray thought that was suspicious. So as she was being interviewed she says, is as far as I'm concerned this is fake. This is a fake document. But it wasn't a fake document. They had just been reluctant to present it and then they actually did present the document And. so they went, aha, we got her. It's defamation. You lied about this document being fake. It's completely an inconsequential case but it allowed them again to go to the Operation Mockingbird journalists, to pre-PA pretend that these women were being sued about the claim that Jean-Michel Chano is actually Briet Macron.


And they weren't so If you couldn't read the lawsuit you were believing the bbc, the BBC's headline that the two women guilty of slandering Bridgette Macron have been found guilty and are now forced to pay a $8,000 fine in damages to a $5,000 fine to to Jit Macron and her brother. This is completely untrue. They're again trying to tiptoe around what's actually happened here because they know that most people do not speak French, are not going to read the case and the public here, it's just completely lying about what actually was at the center of this case. It's not whether or not Jit Macron is actually Jean-Michel Trau.


And if it was they would be suing Xavier Psar. like I said, they took down my interview with Xavier Psar, it was just at about a million views and they got it taken down. I think it's quite timely they did this right before this, but you guys just be aware of it. Everything that YouTube took down you can find on Spotify and we are uploading all the videos as well. That's a very powerful episode and you can see how long he worked on this case, how obsessed he became with this case. And you will understand that he is not being pursued because of this work that he did whatsoever by the state and that they're just being tricky with the public. Alright? right guys, I wanna move on to this story because it just, I just love rich people in Hollywood.


I love it. I just love the way they lecture us You know I love Taylor Swift speaking about climate change and she just flies her jet like 222 times a year. you know really more than you'll ever spend in in terms of the environment while you're driving your car. She does that in just kind of one flight or whatever. Like they, the whole point is like rules for thee and not for me. And what better example of this, So I didn't actually know this, but John Legend actually is from the town that the Haitian migrants have been sent to a very small population, 60,000 people, okay? 60,000 people live here and suddenly you have 20,000 Haitian immigrants that are being dropped off.


She just imagine that you live where you live right now, I don, maybe you live in a small town or maybe you live in a big city, but if If, you are from a small town, I just want you to imagine you live in Springfield, Ohio, you love where you live. There's 60,000 people that you recognize who have a way of life that's like you, something that's cohesive and they're just like, no, we're dropping off 20,000 Haitian immigrants, 20. It is just un, it's unimaginable that they would do this. You're talking about 25% of the population just dumped here, right? And. so they're like, hmm, that might be a problem for the election cycle because people are somewhat concerned about migrants just being dropped off But. Don't worry, we'll send out John Legend who's from there, doesn't live there, but he's from there to tell them not to worry too much about it because like you're doing something good for the migrants.


And John Legend did just that. He released this video to speak to people from Springfield, Ohio. Take a listen. So there are plenty of reasons why this might be a challenge for my hometown, but the bottom line is these people came to Springfield because there were jobs for them and they were willing to work and they wanted to live the American dream. They will assimilate and integrate in time, but it takes time. So, I, think all of us need to have the same kind of grace that we would want our ancestors to have when they moved here with our Haitian brothers and sisters who move here too.


And nobody's eating cats, nobody's eating dogs. We all just want to live and flourish and raise our families in a healthy and safe environment. How about we love one another? I grew up in the Christian tradition. We said to love our neighbor as we love ourselves and treat strangers as though they might be Christ. So how about we adopt that ethos when we talk about immigrants moving to our communities and don't spread hateful, xenophobic, racist lies about them.


There you have it, you guys, the problem is like you're xenophobic, hateful, you're lying and he's reminding you to be Christlike, which is incredible given the fact that he's married to Chrissy Teigan who like, you know, when she's not too busy, which is kind of like never because she doesn't really do anything, she's just kind of sliding into the dms of people telling them to die and commit suicide. Like he, but he's reminding you guys to be Christ-like not his potty mouth wife who routinely says awful things to people all over the internet, but like you need to be Christ-Like because they, he's from Springfield, Ohio and even though he doesn't live there and he definitely lives in the gated community and it's just this thing I've noticed that they're never dropping off migrants in any of these communities of the people that lecture us about accepting it.


Remember when like Ron DeSantis sent a bus of migrants up, maybe it wasn't Ron DeSantis maybe, maybe actually was Texas governor sent a bus of migrants up to Martha Martha's Vineyard where the the woke go to vacation. I mean that would've been a perfect place. They got those migrants out faster than you could say migrants out. I'm talking they were get out of here. Oh we love, we preach, we preach, but we do not do right. We do not do we preach, but our expectation is like we are rich enough to not have to like experience the various crises that we support all in the name of love and So I just thought to myself, this is amazing. Like where does John Legend live? Oh by the way, he lives in Beverly Hills and I loved finding out that he invited architectural design like the magazine into his home.


So you can see how him and Chrissy, so while people are having a deal with the migrants, him and Chrissy Tegan are living like this. Take a look. Hello Ad hello a I'm John Legend. I'm Chrissy Tegan, welcome to our home. Welcome. Wow. Our designer's name is Jake Arnold. We love him. I bet you do love him. I would love him too.


It's a beautiful house. It kind of looks like it could fit 20,000 Haitian immigrants. They need jobs. I feel like that house takes at least like 20,000 immigrants to upkeep. Are there no jobs there? I just don't understand why not just move them into your neighborhood. I love it. I love Jake, Jack Arnold, whatever his name is, I love that for you. And then I looked up and it it per the New York Post, like Chrissy and John have a $57 million real estate portfolio. Why not just move some of these migrants into your h all of your homes from that article. It says in what has been a tumultuous year, this article is from 2021 for the couple they recently transitioned to a bigger $17.5 million home from a smaller $17.7 million home.


They're currently holding both and actually rented an $18 million Beverly Hills home this fall during the transition. So a transition for people that are in Springfield, Ohio is okay, these people don't act like you, you know, they maybe don't speak your language, they maybe eat different foods as he says in the video portion, I didn't show it. And it's a little different. A transition for the other side is like having to temporarily rent an $18 million home as you're between your two other $17.5 million homes. I feel like I want that transition for America, like for all Americans, but I, I feel you.


I feel you. Like I guess that's just not how the other side lives. It's what the other side teaches. But it isn't how the other side is living. So. I just want it to be absolutely amazing that they do that. It's just incredible how they speak to us. Oh, also, by the way, they say that they also have several other apartments in West Hollywood and all over the place. $57 million portfolio. Not a single migrant taken into the Tegan John Legend residence. By the way guys, this is amazing. I have to show you this. Speaking of the dogs and the cats, don don't know If, you've caught this. What it Donald Trump is trending on TikTok and people that don't even like him are acknowledging that he dropped some bars about the dogs and the cats and it's inspired a ton of TikTok dances and they are fabulous.


And they're wonderful. And I can't lie, I too have been impacted by this trend. Every time I see it, I just smile with glee. Let's take a listen to talkers dancing to eating cats. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. The they're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat. Eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. It is cats.


It's A bomb. You're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. The cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. The, they're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat, eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the cat. I agree with him. I don't know how it is that we are the new adults. If, you saw that on the TikTok Attest. How are we the new adults? I don't know, but it is catchy. I don't know why it's so catchy. You can guarantee that that BOP is going to be at clubs all around America, guaranteed. It's just, it just works. And by the way, they really are eating the dogs and the cats. We're just like, just wait a couple of weeks and they'll admit it and then they'll tell us why.


We should just accept it. They'll, they'll drag out John Legend to explain why actually eating the dogs and eating the cats is just a part of the, the transition. It's just a part of the transition. Give it some time. And just like your ancestors from Ireland and France and wherever, they'll eventually start eating McDonald's. There you have it. All Right. guys gotta get to the story because it is a strange one. So Shannon Sharp, he's very well liked. He's got a podcast, you know, he actually brings people to talk trash about me on the podcast. So Shannon Sharp, if you're watching this, I'm watching you and I'm aware don don't like when people talk about me and not to me. You got something to say. Your guest has something to say. Invite me to the podcast. But. anyways, parking with aside, he's very well liked. Obviously he is on ESPN, former N-F-L-N-F-L, footballer Hall of Famer.


And he had to apologize. People thought that he had been hacked because he live streamed inadvertently him making love to 3.2 million followers of his on Instagram. And this happened completely by accident. They didn't really know what to do. They didn't know if he was joking. like I said. It turned out that he wasn't hacked And. so he just completely owned the accidental slipup. He was just like, you know, grandpa didn't know his phone was somewhere and accidentally was live streaming. A very private moment. Take a listen to him explaining what went down. I'm embarrassed. Someone that is extremely private, the audio heard for the entire world to hear people count on Shannon Sheshe Media Club.


Sheshe Nightcap, ESPN. And I always try to be professional even when I'm behind closed doors. I'm very disappointed in myself. Not for the act but for to have the audio to be heard. My kids called them, I called my sister. But guys this was not stage. Came in, I threw my phone on the bed, GD in an activity. All of a sudden people are calling me Shannon, you on IG Live they can hear. I'm like, doing what? Like you were having sex, man, my heart it dropped. I said I just got to tell 'em the truth. My phone wasn't hacked. It was me being active. I ain't lying. I been on these parks, hard phone ring Cat Williams, you ain't gay today. We human. We all partake in horizontal and vertical activities. You're not very good at technology. You've done it to me.


I was upset. But then I also remembered you're not very technically savvy, but the fact that it was a Michelle and not a Michael, ah, that's my dog. And there you have it. you know, some people were wondering whether or not he was going to be admonished for this by ES, espn, if he was going to get in some sort of trouble, maybe a little, a suspension for this act of audio porn, which went out unintentionally to 3.7 million followers. But the reality is, is that it was in fact an accident and he owned it. I mean, it could have been like I was hacked. I know what's going on and people thought he was hacked, but he was like, listen, I fool Mia Culpa, this happened by accident and it shouldn't have happened. And I'm embarrassed. and yeah, I really do think like the, the punishment is the crime here.


Like, I mean the, the crime is actually the punishment. Like I, it's, it's completely embarrassing to him and his family and I just wanted to cover it because it's probably one of the stranger things that has happened this week. It's an in increasingly strange society that we live in that that could even plausibly happen. But he's not technically savvy. I would just say You know Shannon Sharp. Maybe just keep your phone away. You know, just in general don don't know. I just feel like that's just not something that you want to happen in the future. Alright, before we go I have to tell you about this amazing thing that's going on. Okay, So I was contacted on an next, you know that's the app that I'm on that people can like message me and like pay to text me and I can respond on audio. And this guy messages me and this is what he says his name is Will Duffy.


He said, I heard you recently talking about the flat earth versus the globe debate. I'm a pastor from Colorado and I've created something called the Final Experiment. It's a trip to Antarctica this December to settle the debate once and for all. It would be really cool If, you and or George joined us in our Antarctica. But if not, I would be more than happy to come on your show to talk about it. If you'd liked more, more information, our website is the final experiment.com. Thanks Will. So why was he contacting me? Because the news Sun has somehow tried to make it seem like I was a flat earth or simply because I said people should debate the things that they actually want to debate. And I said notoriously I have left the cult of science. I mean I was, I had been so wrong about things scientifically that I thought were true and I trusted the experts on namely vaccines obviously birth control.


And I've just been so shocked at the level of deception that the science community has been able to impart on mankind that I just no longer go out and say confidently things that I don't observe with my own two eyes or topics that I am not confident on. Of course that was magically spun to say Candace believes the flat Earth theory. No, I believe in the scientific method you guys have at it and you debate it. It's not my interest. Well, so this is actually really fascinating 'cause this is the return to the scientific method. But let me explain to you why this an Antarctica holds the key. So Antarctica allegedly holds the key to this age old question because both flat earthers and round earthers, this is what the gangs call each other, agree that Antarctica holds the answer like they on on both sides of the debate.


They're like, yes, it like Antarctica. Once we go to Antarctica we will know who is right in this debate. So I'll let you watch this montage of flat earthers and round earthers agreeing that an article holds the answer. Take a look. They all say that you and I can't privately and freely explore the one region that would prove the earth so sphere. So how, how convenient. It's ludicrous. And artica is the one place that would prove the flat earth. Well that Brings me on nicely to why I think Antarctica destroys flat earth And nobody is allowed to independently explore Antarctica. That's something that would prove the earth is a globe.


So as I said, they both agree on both sides that this holds the answer and, and the reason because if the earth is a sphere, then Antarctica is an island at the bottom of it. And if it is indeed an island at the bottom of a tilted globe during the summer Southern, the sun would never set in Antarctica. In other words, if the sun sets in Antarctica each day during the southern summer, then the earth cannot be a globe or the globe model. The earth is rotating while the sun is stationary under the flat earth model, the earth is stationary while the sun is rotating. The final experiment was created by the sky Will Duffy, he's a pastor at a small church. And I wanna tell you guys about it 'cause I think this is awesome.


I love this. I am just so sick and bored of like the scientific authoritarian community. It's like if people are this passionate, which I have been shocked how many flat earthers there are since this clip of me went viral. And if people are this passionate with the topic, just figure it out. By the way, once upon a time, the entire world thought the earth was flat. And then because of the scientific method, the entire earth, the world changed their mind and said that it was a globe. And that's because you, you have to actually debate it. You don't just call each other stupid So. I told 'em. I was like, I think this is like such a fun thing that you guys are doing and I promise I'll report on it. Obviously I'm not going to be able to make it down there.


but they have 48 participants that are going down there. Both the flat earthers and the round earthers. I can't believe I'm even learning this terminology. They're, they're both going down there, 48 participants together. And, and it's just amazing. They're, they found a somebody to sponsor it all expenses paid trip. And they're gonna, I think they're gonna try to live stream it in some capacity. It's very expensive, by the way, to go down to Antarctica. It's like $31,000 to go and do an extradition to Antarctica. It's very difficult to get down there. So I will be watching the story and I just wanted toss it to them. 'cause I think it's, it's just, it's fun. Like it's actually fun to, to see people debate and wanna get to the bottom of their debate about something that they are passionate about.


All Right. guys, I'm gonna get into some of your comments here. Let's jump into them. First up, we havey Lucky Mint. Pardon me? Great show today, Candace, thank you so much. Matilda writes, I went to Santiago Chili last year and learned about the US backed coup on nine 11 in 1973. US backed coup on nine 11. Strange. I'd love to see you discuss the connections between the two events. I'm not well read on that. I just know that we do coups all the time. Namely also here in America. When we shot, when the deep state shot JFK, that was when the, there was an American coup and I think that they've been controlling our elections since this person si, Macia just sends me a heart. Thank you.


Men needed now rights to help prevent voter fraud. Do you think ex-military patriots that care should go to the polls and monitor the situation, or at least at ballot drop boxes, which we know were rigged last time. I would imagine that they have passed some laws and If you did that it would be considered like intimidation or something. I'm not positive, I'm just, I'm obviously just freewheeling here. But I would imagine that they have thought through that and would not allow you to monitor anything without saying people are intimidated about their votes. Doesn't make sense, but they'll make it make sense. Sarah writes, prophecy will play out no matter who is president. Stay true to God. That's all that matters. 100%. that is called taking the white pill. And I am remarkably calm.


It's because of that. At, at the end of the day, it's whatever God wants, whatever God ordains and whatever happens, there's a reason that God wants that to happen. Sarah also writes, I feel like they're trying to make the streets unsafe with these criminal immigrants on purpose to implement martial law. Yes, there is definitely some sort of an, a sinister agenda because they are increasingly making our society more violent and to what end is a very fair question. Mama bear. Steph writes, God bless you and your beautiful family, Candace John Legend is such a fraud and his wife is the worst kind of evil. They will get theirs on judgment day. Yeah, it really makes you cringe when people who do do not believe in Christ, try to invoke Christ in order to make people who do believe in Christ go into some sort of an action for them, right?


Like, well, you're, I want you to accept the migrant so I'm gonna start invoking Christ. Like really? Are you actually doing that? It kind of throw tosses it back to Rabbi Mli doing the exact same thing when he's quoting scripture to me as if he accepted Jesus Christ as the Messiah. It is just so absolutely demented when people do that. But of course we always see right through it. SW monkey writes, I live in Cincinnati, Ohio, literally the day before the debate, it was all over local news that Haitian immigrants are eating people's pets along with the ducks and the geese in the parks. Yep. And then they disappeared it because they don't want people worried about all of the migrants that they are sticking into their communities while they live on the other side. Lastly, Lena writes, as an African European Muslim, I appreciate you spreading awareness and discussion of all of these topics.


Thank you. I I love doing it. I genuinely love what I do. I love talking to you guys every day. I love diving into different topics that most people won't dive into. And I love that, like I said last week or earlier this week, that I feel like I'm owned by the people. you know, like I don't have to worry about corporations or media headlines because we're talking to each other. We're speaking to one another about things that we care about as we try to get to the bottom of what is actually happening. 'cause we all sense that it's spiritual warfare and we sense it even more when they try to censor these alternative voices. They're, they're, they're fundamentally threatened. The establishment feels threatened. And I couldn't be here without you guys. You guys are going on club Candace dot com buying merch. Thank you so much for doing that. Also, for those of you that have signed up for locals, I'm letting you guys know that we are going to start dropping the shot in the dark series.


My series on vaccines. Mom and dad's rejoice. I am. It's, I've always been most proud of that work because so many people come up to me and say, I didn't vax my child because of you Candace. And it makes me happy that all I did was supply the information. I don't tell people one thing or the other. I just show people how much the establishment has lied and diluted you and made you feel fearful that you're perfectly healthy. Baby needs human intervention or else it's gonna die. Which obviously doesn't make sense. It means that you don't believe in the natural order. It means that you are giving yourself to a humanist agenda to believe that a perfect baby is born wrong, like God and nature got it wrong and human got it right, humans got it right. Something about that that's increasingly demonic.


So we're bringing that series back. Season one obviously is the vaccines. Season two we shot is about birth control, which is a woo, dark, dark, dark. History will never be in my body with the body of my daughter. It is just, I just almost wish I had him, but I'm glad I did because we get to share that with the world. So If, you sign up to locals.com, that is where we will temporarily house it until next year while we are building something that's going to be much better and much more ease of use for you guys, and I think you're really going to love it. So stay tuned. We'll see you guys next week.