
If you've heard that sound from Babel before, I bet you do. Babel is the science-backed language learning app that actually works with quick 10 minute lessons handcrafted by over 200 language experts. Bael gets you on your way to speaking a new language in just a few weeks with over 16 million subscriptions sold and a 20 day money back guarantee. Just start speaking another language with Bael right now, up to 55% off your babble subscription at babbel do com slash spotify podcast. Spelled B-A-B-B-E-L com slash spotify podcast rules and restrictions may apply.


Alright, you guys, Happy Thursday. I told you I'd be popping in today because I needed to speak with Ian Carroll about the Diddy case. He was kind the first one that forced me down the rabbit hole, one of his videos, so I'm glad to have him back. We're gonna discuss the dogs that are not barking in that case feels to me a little bit like a distraction and we're not really getting to the nucleus of what could very well be another blackmail ring. Also, in case you missed it, there's no way you could have, because it's wall-to-wall coverage, a terror attack in DC and people already using it to try to insist upon speech laws in the United States. What's going on? Why are people coming up with so many conspiracies? Let's try to separate fact from fiction as more information pours in. Again, I'll be joined by Ian Carol. So let's jump right in.


Welcome back to Candace Ian Carol, you've done such a good job covering for me, by the way. Thank you. My audience loves you. Thank You. It's been so much fun. Yeah, your team is awesome And a little bit, we're gonna have to cover that red bracelet you wore. I know. I mean I almost exposed your whole operation Here. Whole operation. Fortunately, fortunately the internet will forget all about it. There's this new terror attack Going, we have to, I was calling, I was like, what did, what did you wear on the show today? I'm getting tweeted What is happening? We're gonna dive into that, but I first wanna, should we start with the DC terror attack?


When you wanna talk about the Diddy case? Let's talk about the Diddy case first. 'cause the, yeah, the, the terror attack is fresh and there's a lot that I wanna get to and a lot of clips that I wanna show Diddy case, honestly, when you did your video speaking about Jonathan Oddi. Yeah, I was very plugged into that because I had read through Little Rod's case. Everything Little Rod has said so far has checked out Little Rod, in case you guys are not aware or haven't been following this case, he was the producer who initially filed the lawsuit against Diddy. This came after Cassie's lawsuit, which virtually went away overnight because she settled and he detailed very much what looked to be a blackmail operation. He named a lot of names, talked about pink cocaine drugs.


And Ian then does this video where he goes backwards and speaks about a man named Jonathan Oddi. Can you update my audience on who Jonathan Oddi is? Yeah. I mean, most people remember the video, it was in 2018. He was the Trump Doral hotel shooter and he is like a bald guy and everyone's seen clips of him or photos of him in his like weird hospital gown with one arm out and one arm. And he, he like went into the Trump Hotel in Doral and shot a gun in the air a bunch of times, not at anyone. And, and then like took over the lobby of the hotel and draped a giant American flag over it. Very like bizarre behavior. And then got into a shootout with police, got shot, ran away, surrendered this whole thing. And it turned out that once he got, you know, apprehended and taken in, there's this video that went on the internet that was from his like medical examination or something.


But it's like a 30 minute video that a lot of people saw at the time. But everyone kind of forgot about 'cause he was clearly insane. Clearly insane. He was making bizarre claims like he was Diddy sex slave and that Diddy had forced him to have sex with his girlfriend, Cassie. And that he had contracted an STD from them and then had sued. And then he also talks about like the black bole and the Illuminati. The Illuminati playing cards. And he is like trying to warn Trump. Apparently the whole thing, the whole ordeal was him trying to get Trump's attention so that he could save Trump from the Illuminati, Which is incredible. We do have some clips from that video that this man who looked like he escaped from an insane asylum Yeah. Was saying among very many other things that he was here to rescue Trump.


They were gonna try to assassinate Trump. He saw it in the Illuminati card deck is what he said. That he was a sex slave and he's trying to expose this whole drug operation. At that time, nobody knew anything about Diddy and Cassie and all of this stuff that's coming out right now. Skyler, what clip should we play first? I think just play any one of these clips that you have. They're all good because they're all good from Jonathan Oddi. Yeah, sure. Let's play a montage. Do you know Sean Combs Pop daddy? Yeah. Pete Diddy, whatever you called his himself. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, he's part of what's called the Bole the bull. The Bo The Boule is a branch of the Lumin.


Okay. It's the black people I settlement with Sean. Okay. And he belongs to that agenda. That's why he's so famous. They land all the contracts. It's his attorney. I had sex with Cassie and Sean. Basically he would, he would masturbate and tell me what to do with Cassie. I had like 15 encounters and I heard lots of business. 'cause what they would do is Sean talks a lot on the, on the phone and on the TV with people and stuff. And I'll be in the, I was like a sex slave. The hip hop agenda is an agenda to move drugs along the United States. They move, you need to involve DA, they, they move all the dope.


Okay. All the dope on private jets, which don't get screened by, by by customs, by by DD inside the United States. So everything he's saying about the relationship between Diddy and Cassie ended up being verified and true and sounded insane at that time. He also says that Diddy's a member of the black Illuminati and that he would hear him on the phone discussing matters. And the biggest thing is saying that there's a hip hop agenda. And essentially they create these guys and enrich them because really what they're doing, and in further parts of this video on behalf of the feds, is that they're moving drugs throughout the United States.


Yeah. That they're trafficking. He, he implies very large amounts of drugs like I would assume bricks and bricks and bricks of drugs on their private jets. And that got me thinking, and I started looking up which celebrities own private jets and how far can their private jets fly. And a lot of them do own private jets. Jay-Z's private jet as well is like famous or noteworthy because it has a very long range so it can fly international intercontinental. And so that's interesting because when you do start to look into how private jets get treated at airports and stuff like that, that I, I mean I'm no expert, I've never been to these private jets, but there's a lot of loopholes that are available.


And you could definitely imagine that being a pretty smart way to do such a thing. Right? Yeah. We have a lot of history of, of both the feds and you know, say organized crime that works in the music industry, trafficking drugs. And I've never really quite understood why Diddy fame has lasted this long, why he is so wealthy, how he's doing all of these extravagant things. Like genuinely, I've never really quite understood it. And it's just interesting because when two things that seem, actually three things that seemed so crazy end up fact checking. True. He also mentioned in this, we didn't show his clip, but he mentions pink cocaine. Yeah. At that time, no one knew what he was talking about. Suddenly Lil Rod's lawsuit is speaking about that exact same drug that he's saying is a combination of all sorts of drugs like MDMA and cocaine.


And again, all of this is allegedly, but he says that essentially that's what Diddy is giving out at these parties that has people that is so high rather. And then another piece of this, which we didn't show, which he said at that time in terms of saving Trump, was he says that he saw in the Illuminati card deck that they were going to try to assassinate Trump again. What year was this that Jonathan Oddi was arrested? No, It was 2018. And we can also now confirm that he was indeed a sex slave to Cassie and Diddy because he's testifying at this trial, which is insane. Is he? Oh, I'm sorry. Cassie was asked ca Questions and Yeah, Cassie Testified about him Cons. Cassie testified about him and was asked questions and confirmed, I want him take, he take the Stand so bad.


So what's going on here? Right Ian, how can everything he say, oh, he just knew Trump was, what's a, what is an Illuminati card deck and you're gonna stop calling everybody conspiracy theorists because there's just no way, there's just no way this happens. Well, the thing that's really fun about that interview is that it's pretty clear from his, when you listen to a whole thing a couple times, 'cause of his crazy accent, it's hard to tell, but it's clear that he details very specific things about his encounters with Diddy and Cassie. That he's clearly remembering actual events, especially now that we have confirmation that he's not entirely crazy. But then there's also an element where he, he says a few times that he also did research online to sort of put things together. Because some things he's talking about how I overheard it on the phone, I overheard it while I was there and other things.


It's sort of more like I, I figured this out or I piece this together. And so there's an element that's really fun in my mind of tinfoil, where it's like, I presume that part of what he says in that interview is actual experiences that he had. And part of it is him sort of piecing things together from online, like four chan style research. And you don't necessarily know which is which, but we're starting to get a pic, like we're starting to get confirmations of some of them. Right. And other ones seem more plausible and other ones are, are more like, I don't know. He Also casually says in his interview that Tupac is still alive. Yeah. And he's in Cuba. He Drops it outta nowhere. And That's been a major conspiracy that Tupac is still alive. I've never looked into that one. I just wanna be very clear. But because I'm going back and I'm thinking, it's just strange that everything this man said, or too much of what he said has fact checked True.


Which seems so bizarre that another very bizarre claim he made that Tupac's alive is in Cuba. And he's just like chilling. And saying that just kind of gets you thinking about all Sorts of other things. What is reality? All sorts Of other Things. What is reality? I also, while we're on the black bole thing, that that that John Audio, could you describe by The way, the black, because when you actually brought up the Black bole, I had no idea what that was. I Don't know a lot about it. And I think that there's a lot of versions of it as like, I think that copi it's like, you know, Vatican conspiracies go all sorts of different directions. The Jew conspiracies go all sorts of directions. And the black bole, I think the understanding is that it traces back to like the black nobility and, and one of the royal families. I think there might Be a Wikipedia And Yeah, yeah, there is. And, And so it that in modern times, there's lots of different takes on it, but the theory is that you sell out your own.


And so the black bole, my understanding is that they are sort of the black people that sell out the other black people on behalf of, you know, the Illuminati or the, the guys controlling the world. And LeBron James does have a gigantic back tattoo of the crest, like the symbol itself of the black boule. Mm. Very di very literally the exact image. Mm. Well, or it's his chest. I think it's, it's Like huge. Yeah. I think it's his chest. I think I saw that in your video and kind of weird. And so that's interesting that he's saying he's a member of this, especially as we're now learning so much about what took place at these Diddy parties. And I wanna be clear here, we can't really discuss Cassie's testimony because I try to keep this show family friendly and I just can't, I, there's Not a single piece of that that is, That that is right. I can't read anything about these transcripts.


Suffice it to say they were into just the most debased, disgusting, sexual stuff that you could possibly imagine. She was very clear that she was high on drugs throughout a lot of it. I completely believe that based on what we've learned from Little Rod and learned from other people, including this guy Jonathan Oddi, that that was definitively one component of this. But it's interesting that you we're talking about the idea of these people selling out the black community on behalf of somebody else, because there are some dogs that are not barking that had me very concerned in this case because I read through Little Rod's lawsuit and I very much expected that the universal execs would be brought into this, into, into the hearing at the very least to testify.


And also the, the biggest person missing here is Christina Caram. Okay. Skyler, can you pull up a picture of this? Christina Caram, you, you know who I'm speaking about? Yeah. I mean, I didn't know who you were speaking about before this lawsuit. Oh, you didn't? No, I wasn't really familiar with it. Okay. So she was all over the lawsuit and you've had people since that have brought her up and Skyler, I don't know. I we actually wouldn't even be able to show that. And again, this is all allegedly, but this was the Ghislaine Maxwell that was always at his side. It has been alleged by people who say that they were abused by Diddy. That she was allegedly placing IUDs in women. People that have accused him of like a very aggressive form of rape have accused her, of being the person that made all this happen in little Rod's lawsuit.


He was explicit in saying that she was the supplier of all the drugs. She's just gone. Like, she's just, for some reason they thought we have to take down Diddy. But it was very clear in little Rod's lawsuit that Diddy was kept high intentionally because of her. Because they, they he, she was instructing people to keep him drugged. Allegedly, allegedly, allegedly on this pink cocaine. And she's gone like, there, I could not find a trace of this woman on the internet. How is that possible? What a coincidence. What a coincidence. The Universal Music Exec, did you read what was in the lawsuits about That? Oh yeah, yeah. Please. No. This, I mean, these lawsuits were in a lot of ways my introduction to all these people. Like I didn't know who Lucien Grange was before I read those lawsuits. I wasn't paying attention to pop culture. But the moment you read those lawsuits, it's immediately apparent and just logically apparent that if Diddy's throwing all these parties, universal Music Group is in some way financially involved.


But the lawsuit alleges that they're directly financially involved. And the lawsuit alleges that Lucien Grange frequently attended them and probably funded some of them and certainly had secret meetings, or at least allegedly had cer secret meetings with Diddy frequently, Which in his bedroom, which yeah, in his Bedroom, which for an hour or more. And so all of that, like even suppose, you know, Lucian Grange and Universal Music Group, they get taken off of little Rod's lawsuit, which was very strange when, when That happened. Very strange. Very weird. Why would you just remove them from a lawsuit that people are getting drugg if, if you're gonna go out for Diddy. I I think we all know why, how can you not? I mean, seriously, we all know why Lucian Grange has been a very powerful figure for a very long time. Started as a, with a totally different name by the way. I don't trust Yeah. You're the one that put me On that rabbit hole. I don't trust men that changed their names least of all three times.


Yeah. Okay. A family that goes from Goldstein to G to Grange doesn't make sense to me. And you have him at the top of the food chain, heavily implied by Little Rod that they were allowing this to go on. Yeah. To get blackmail on certain people and they just disappear him. Disappear him. And I mean, it's, it's, What's the logic here? It's Understandable. Evans, there's tapes, little Rod said there's nothing but tapes. Tapes of everything. And that Diddy was taping the people that were coming as well. Yep. Yeah. So it's understandable that a powerful person would be taken off the lawsuit just 'cause powerful people can get their names, you know, protected. But in this case, like Lucy Grange would be a star witness in any regard. Even if he wasn't guilty, he would like, so they don't want any kind of scrutiny. They don't want anyone looking at Lucian. They don't want anyone looking at Christina. And in Little Rod's lawsuit, he names the guy that was in charge of Diddy's computer system.


Yeah. He names the guy that was his tech guy that was in charge of all the cameras and no one's ever speak spoken about him since he's just gone. So I do wanna encourage people because I do view this and, and I wanna be careful here. I view this as a, as a show trial. Yeah. Because most people are just looking at the names, looking at the insanity of the stories of the things. And I can say this like a lot of urination was involved in, in what they were into. And it's so crazy on its face to think that these a-listers are involved in all of this stuff. That people are not gonna go back and look at the genesis of this lawsuit. They're not gonna read through what little rod put. That's all they want you to focus on. All they want you to focus on is the names, or they're bringing up Justin Bieber.


He says he is not involved. You know, she's saying this person, this person, this person, you guys have to go back to the beginning and read because then you will realize If you read Little Rod's lawsuit and you should read it front to back. Okay. Because everything thus far that he has claimed as an allegation is checking out to be true in the courtroom. And people laughed at his lawsuit when it first came out, and I was like I said, it appears Morgan he's getting arrested. Oh, there's no way around this. There's too much video evidence. Little Rod has this video evidence, but there are some major dogs that are not barking here. And it's, it's, And they're all the most important ones. Yeah. And we also did, we didn't mention Faheem Muhammad, who would be a pretty interesting dog to put on the stand please. Because Faheem Mohammad was one of the first people that we connected over, is I, one of us made a video about him and then the other one You did, I copied You.


Right. Yeah. And, and then that was the first time that I like that we kind of started interacting on content and, and that rabbit hole started to go pretty deep. And I actually then another Well explain to them, because most people might not be aware of this. Yeah. So let's Explain it. So it's the, he Muhammad did, he's head a security is named in this lawsuit. And he is named in this lawsuit as kind of the fixer, the guy that makes things go away, which is already pretty suspicious. And then one of my followers commented in my comment section that, Hey, that dude was Michael Jackson's head of security. So I started digging into that. And that's absolutely true. And when you do the math, Michael Jackson's head of security, Faheem Muhammad also did his head of security. He graduated college like one year before Michael Jackson died in his care as his head of security one, two.


And He graduated two people that was there. Exactly. It was the Doctor second on the scene And it was him. Yeah. And he graduated with a business and business and marketing degree with a specialty in real estate, which does not sound like head of security material to me. And then another researcher found out that he owns a whole bunch of land through his real estate company right on the border of Mexico. And there's actually local t local news television footage of him. Like he gave a gift to his son of 40 acres of this land when his son turned 13. And there's local news station footage of him taking the newscaster around the land and like they're like talking how they go out there all the time and have a good time. And the border wall is right there in the TV shot. And it's, it's unreal just to think like how, like, excuse me, this is during Biden's presidency, this is when people are jumping over that border like crazy when there's all kinds of stuff going on in that border that's not the kinda land that you want to own as a real estate development Company.


And then just to connect the.as well as when he's mentioning him a little rod lawsuit as the fixer to show you how extreme what he's being accused of is, is essentially he's the guy you call If you shoot somebody. Yeah. He, he intimates this scene in the lawsuit Little Rod where Diddy allegedly and his son allegedly shoot some guy in a bathroom. Little rod is, is as this guy is bleeding out, cleaning up, trying to help this guy, he's very close or out just outside of the bathroom. Little Rod might have been in the bathroom. And he knows that after Diddy and his son come up and shoot this guy, he's trying to apply pressure to the wound and they know that you have to call this guy and he'll get the, the correct person over at LAPD to come over and they'll tell a lie.


And he says that the next day the press ran a story that there was a drive-by shooting. And he's like, that's not what happened at all. And it made me really think about the book chaos that so many people on my podcast have listened to and watched. I mean, I have listened to and it's describing a corrupt LAPD with feds that are involved and know how to disappear certain things. And we know that to be factually true based on the Charles Manon murders. So this makes me super uncomfortable. Why is this man not being brought to heal? Why, why do we not have this individual taking the stand and answering questions Yeah. About any of that. I mean, there's so much wrong with this picture. I mean, if you're even, so let's run with the idea of what the mainstream media is picturing Diddy's operation as, as just a bunch of depraved sex. The head of security of that operation is the first dude you should be talking to, right?


Because the head of security for Diddy's depraved sex ring is gonna know about everything that happened. He's gonna know where the people were, how they came in, where they left through all of it. And so the fact that no one's mentioned Faheem Muhammad yet, and maybe they will, maybe they'll bring him in, but I haven't heard his name yet at all in relation to this trial. And so you couldn't paint a better picture for a show trial that is designed to be salacious and crazy and wild and scandalous and all the wrong directions and all The wrong Directions and hide what was really going on. Because it's still going on. It Is still going on. And I wanna get your opinion on Cassie because it's an interesting one and she's definitely a victim of domestic violence. But then people testifying to what, how she was involved. Complicated issue to kind of look at, you know, do you see Cassie here as the victim and the victim of this situation?


Or do you see her as somebody who's actually getting away with having done a lot? Before we do that, I do wanna throw to a couple of our sponsors.


First and foremost, Brickhouse Nutrition. This doesn't happen often, so you're gonna wanna jump on this. Brickhouse Nutrition's Memorial Day sale is officially live for a limited time. You can save 25% off everything with my code Memorial 25, their collagen, creatine, and any of their other doctor formulated products all on sale for 25% off the sale includes our favorite of their products. Field of greens, such as their super fruit and vegetable drink that literally promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you'll get all of your money back. All the fruits and vegetables were doctors selected for a specific health benefit field of greens is perfect for heart health, lungs, kidney metabolism, and even maintaining a healthy weight. One drink a day is all it takes. Kick off a healthy summer and save big while you're at it. So go to Brickhouse Nutrition dot com, use code Memorial 25 for 25% off and do not wait the sales only on for a few days. Again, Brickhouse Nutrition dot com code Memorial 25 Brickhouse Nutrition dot com.


Also reminding you guys about Pure Talk because what if I told you that you could be cutting your cell phone bill in half and also support a US company that shares your values, values like supporting our veterans and creating American jobs. What if I told you that you don't have to sacrifice coverage to do that because you'll be on America's Most Dependable 5G network? I'm talking about the only wireless company that I endorse. Pure Talk, a wireless company that is veteran led and invest in the US customer service team so that you have the best support possible. If you're with Verizon at t or T-Mobile, join the hundreds of thousands who have successfully cut their cell phone bill in half. That's right. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure talk. Switching it. You can do that in as little as 10 minutes If you go to pure talk.com/owens with plan starting at just 25 bucks a month. I mean, what are you waiting for? Go to pure talk.com/owens and make the switch to pure talk wireless by Americans and for Americans.


Okay, so Cassie, this is complicated. I don't really know how I feel about it. It's a lot. I think First and foremost, there's no question she's a victim. We've watched this woman get beat on camera. She was definitively in a domestic violence relationship, a relationship with domestic violence rather. And there's a lot that comes with that. Like, you know, anguish, pain, you wanna go back to the person think that they can protect you. And I also wanna be clear that she met Diddy when she was 19 years old, which is so different from the Harvey case. I keep stressing to people. These women were like 27 to 30 years old, very different. They knew what they were doing. Cassie's brain was not developed. She sees Diddy walk in, he's got so much power and money, women are attracted to that and thinking he can take care of her.


And he kind of gets her in this scenario. But it is hard to know, as Jonathan Oddi says. And other people have said is that she was involved in some of the abuses that were happening to other people. So she, it's, it's just interesting to kind of consider Cassie in this where she, what she has done is definitively heroic and exposing everything and in taking the stand. But do you wipe her clean of everything that she's done and think like, you know what? She was really in a really bad situation and she stayed in that relationship for 10 years, by the way. So it wasn't like it was a short relationship, it was 10 full years of this. I it's a good question. I think that I do absolve her of guilt. Yeah. Specifically because of what's written in her lawsuit in the sense that when you're 19 and, and in her lawsuit, my memory of it is that she actually took a while to be taken in by him.


She wasn't immediately like, oh my gosh, Diddy, I'm gonna like walk. But rather he came, he like applied her over the course of a year and eventually it was with drugs that he eventually got through to her and he kind of like drugged her one night and then like took her out and then sort of like weasel his way into her life is the way it was portrayed. And that isn't her words obviously trying to paint herself in the best light probably. But when you're 19 and drugs that are very quickly, very addictive are involved and very serious physical abuses involved from that early age. Yeah. And, and the types of abuses we're talking about when you try to leave, when you try to wrong him at all the, the ways that people describe Diddy's abuse from that age onwards, that does something to your brain that I do not blame her for.


Right. Her complete because like, let's be real Diddy's a bigger dude that could beat her senseless he did that we've seen beat her senseless. Right? He did. Absolutely. And so if she's complicit in any of those crimes while she's, you know, with him, that is Diddy's crime. Right. And and we, we have more than enough evidence to see that's Diddy's fault and, and Diddy's crime. And then when you top it all off with her having the gumption to bring that case and to stand up and speak and to file that lawsuit, which started all these lawsuits, she's the one that opened the floodgates here. Yeah. That's incredibly brave. And that's something that all the women that came before her, all the men that came before all the sex slaves that came before did not do. Right. And so I'm, I'm inclined to think of Cassie as a bit of a hero in this situation.


But She did settle, she did settle, she did settle. I think she settled and then she released the tape and somehow got the tape out, which I think was really brave. I I tend to agree with you. Yeah. I think the only part that I struggle with is that, and this is philosophical again So I'm not casting any judgment, but when the victim then victimizes, think about that person who she victimized and they're like, no, I distinctly remember Cassie threatening me 'cause this has come out and they've shared text messages throughout this lawsuit Yeah. Of her threatening people and saying, I'm gonna have this done to you or whatever. Obviously with herself feeling threatened as she described because she felt like, well a person could release a tape of her at this freak off. And I'm like, okay, but what about that person if they, if they experience their experience is actually, you know, Cassie victimized me. It gets so convoluted question.


But I think you do have to kind of go back to the beginning and go Yeah. You know, she was 19. She was ply with drugs, she was ply with alcohol and yeah, she was groomed in my, in my, in my viewpoint. Like she obviously nothing that was done was illegal. She was nine of 19, 19 years old. But our understanding is that women, your brain is not developed well, domestic abuse is illegal. Exactly. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And bombing cars is illegal. No, no, no, no. I mean that, like him dating her, the sexual relationship was not Yeah. Illegal in terms of her age, but At some and somewhat consensual point and Somewhat to, that's what I mean at, but she was still 19 and her brain wasn't developed. So it's been tricky and you see people that are making a lot of comments. But the reality is we would not even be where we are today if it had not been for Cassie's first step in dropping that lawsuit for the public to see.


And then maybe that gave little Rob the courage, then drop his lawsuit and kind of the floodgates opened from there. I'm also just, I'm prone to empathizing with people of all varieties from all walks of life. Because I think that's really important that comes from being raised by teachers and thinking as a teacher often is you have to understand where people are coming from. And when it comes to Diddy it's like, like you can do that a little bit. Yeah. But it's much easier to understand where Cassie's coming from. And certainly she has committed crimes and certainly she has is not, her hands are not clean. But you have to take each person for what their life is worth and what their crimes are. Right. And what their story is. And in general, I think that Cassie's Cassie's hurt and then help at the end of this situation. I think that in my mind that outweighs what she, what she did wrong.


Yeah. I tend to agree with you and yeah, I was think, think about it and yeah, I appreciate her a lot. I do think what she's done has been actually, it's real tragic actually an act of, of bravery. And it is, the whole situation is obviously tragic. Yeah. You're talking about empathy, you're talking about sympathy. We should probably now speak about a lot that has happened in the last 24 hours and some of it just way too predictable. I guess I'll start by saying I have blood on my hands again. Yeah. It's incredible. We both do. I mean I Have had blood on my hands so much throughout my career and yeah, I wanna just call out the left and the right for engaging in this. I think it's so, it's so tacky. It's overdone. Nobody's buying it anymore. Trying to score political points. Something happens. I remember my first time was pretty bad. It was a mosque shooting in New Zealand and they were like, you have blood on your hands. I was like, I've never been to New Zealand.


I don't speak about mosques or Muslims. What have I done? And it becomes this way. They're like, well you're mentioned in a manifesto, what do I have to do with New Zealand and mosque shootings? Nobody knows. But it becomes this way and I do wanna get to manifests. I find 'em to be extremely suspect now. Suspicious. Yeah. They're always ready. Oh yeah. Found immediately. And they say exactly what they need to say. Yeah. In order to people to go after certain people. But anyways, this is obviously last night terrible tragedy happens. You get two Israeli diplomats who are gunned down in DC a person we, we have, we don't have footage yet of that shooting, but we do know that a person then entered into it was a museum, correct? Yeah. I think it was a museum where this event was being hosted and the event was something of a, the a quote from the organizer of the event said something like, this was an event to build bridges towards peace in the Middle East towards, you know, building bridges between the different nations in the Middle East.


So it was definitely a progressive style of an event. It was not a BB style event for sure. And they, this individual then screams free Palestine. And of course now the internet is accusing everybody who has ever said the right thing about what is happening in Gaza of having blood in our hands because we have been humane towards that And conflating it with antisemitism too. Which is, which is like maybe, maybe he was antisemitic, maybe he killed them just 'cause they were Jewish. But all the evidence that I'm seeing is that it was political and, and conflating the fact that they were Jewish with the fact that he was saying free Palestine and you're Israeli having to do with the Israeli government. That is, those are not the same thing.


It's crazy. It's not the same thing. It's crazy. And it's, it's also extremely desperate to me. I think that there's no other way to look at everything that's transpired then to acknowledge the Zionists have lost the moral argument. They've lost the moral high ground if they ever had it. Too many Americans are awakened to this, especially the youth are awakened to these sorts of tactics. And they just did too much too fast trying to cancel too many people trying to call everybody literally Hitler. Eventually people go, okay, everyone can't be Adolf Hitler that has, that disagrees with you. And people have survived these cancellations. Tucker Carlson, myself, they're now call now they're using the strategy of saying we're all funded by Qatar and it just looks messy and it inauthentic and their platforms are dying.


They're sending out bots to try to pretend that they're popular. I don't really know what's going on. But I do wanna say that I think it was actually Jordan Peterson who said correctly that once you get to a state where you start going after the comedians right, then you know that you are existing under, things are about to get there. Very authoritarian. Yep. They've gone out for Joe Rogan, right? Yeah. They have gone after Dave Smith. Big time. Big time, right. They are going after now Theo Vaughn, they've gone after Tim Dylan and I wanna show you what Theo Vaughn posted. And this was yesterday. And so now he legally has blood in his hands onto his Twitter feed. He shared it, it went absolutely viral.


And they're now diagnosing Theo Vaughn as mentally ill because he shared this sentiment. Let's play this clip in its entirety. You know, I wanted to say something, there's been something that's just been kind of on my heart. And So I feel like I, I should bring it up there is, you know, we've had people on the podcast in the past to talk about it and there's just a, there's a conflict that's been happening in the Middle East. People know about it between Israel and Palestine and some of the areas over there, the Gaza area they talk about. And, and I just think it's, it feels to me, I know If I, it just, it feels to me like it's a genocide that's happening while we're alive here in front of our, in front of our lives.


And I, I don't, sometimes I feel like I should say something, I'm not a geologist or geographer or anything like that, you know. So I don't know a lot of the, some of it I do know though, like I know the basics of the issues over there. But for me it's just like how I feel like you see all these photos of people just children, women, people body parts, just people like putting their kids back together and I just can't believe that we're watching that and that more isn't said about it.


And so I'm not saying anyone else needs to say anything, but I think I'm just, that more isn't said about it by me. So I just, I want to be able to speak up about that, that I think we're watching probably like, you know, one of the sickest things that's ever happened and, and I'm sorry if I've kind of haven't said about it. I've tried to talk about it and learn about it, but I don't know, maybe I just wanna, I just wanted to say something I don't even know what to do. You know? And it's crazy 'cause our country's also complicit in in it, you know, it's in in it and has been for a long time. And, and it's just kind of interesting 'cause then you just realize, oh well I'm just a, yeah, I'm a member of this country, but I'm just what we want sometimes doesn't matter, you know, and you just have to be a member of a place and your government is making other choices.


So I don't know if I've, I don't know if I said that correctly or I don't even know exactly what I said, but I just, I, I just have, it's just like been making me really sick and I feel like I just needed to say something that I think, you don't have to think that I'm not asking you to do anything, but I just have to say that so I'm not sitting by, you know, there's that piece inside of me. Like why, why wouldn't you? Can't you say something? You know? There's people that can't even speak and you can say something, you know? And so that's how I, I just had to just speak up anyway. Yeah. So just praying for those people and just the grief that that is all gonna, cause I can't even, basically what I wanna say about that clip is that it makes you cr like wanna cry because it was so heartfelt.


Just clearly genuine. Yeah. Like there's not been a clip more genuine on the internet in a long time. I feel like. Yeah. And I can empathize with him because I felt that pressure last year where I kind of went, I have a massive platform. There are people who can't say anything I am watching before they somehow cleaned up X every day I was just watching these kids being blown up. I was watching people starving and I remember distinctly what it was that made me feel like I had to say something. And it was the sound of a mother screaming after her daughter was killed. And I remember her holding the lifeless body and the rubble and I had to say something and it cost me actually, in retrospect, literally nothing gained.


Yeah. Gained. But at the time it felt, felt like everything at the time. It felt like it cost me everything. Right. And I realized it cost me nothing. Because when you do the right thing, when you open yourself up to God and recognize that all of these things that you think matter are nothing like there is any e eternal source that is going to take care of you when you say the right thing. That is what I felt. And I wanted to cry when especially he's so genuine. He is like, I'm not a geologist or a geographer. You know, he's like, I, but I'm a guy who has a platform and I can't look at these images anymore. The reaction to that OnX, You're mentally ill, you're mentally ill, you're evil. Yeah. Oh my. And it's all name calling. It's all just names. Right? It's like there's no actual discussion. There's no, there's nothing but name calling.


You're evil Theo. We have that tweet that someone responded to him. I'm just gonna read the top of it because it's way too long. But genuine question for you, Theo. Have you been formally diagnosed with severe mental illness? You should really get yourself checked out. Now put aside the fact that you traveled to Qatar and took a huge chunk of cash, but they must be really desperate to pick you. What in the glorious f would a geologist know about the conflict? And then just kind of just, you're an 88, you know, this sort of a thing where they're just stripping him down and being like, you know nothing, you're an idiot. These are people that we're supposed to be siding with in this conflict who speak like this.


Like what, what a way to get somebody on your side. We all just watched the oban clip. Yeah. And felt that he was struggling with this internally. And when we get in responses, by the way, he's mentally ill. Okay. Add to the pile. Candace is a, what is it? Cluster B psychopath. Yes. And the V's. Mentally ill. And Joe Rogan needs an intervention per Sam Harris. And, but these guys have got it all figured out. Yeah. They don't, they don't seem to understand how the internet works and how young people work too. It's like, I, I feel like more and more young people are getting to the point of not liking Israel. Where it's like when your kid likes music that you don't want them to listen to and you start telling them not to listen to it and then your kid just says, no, stop it mom.


'cause you're just like, what? Why are you explain like why are you saying it that way? Why are you calling him names? Why are you going after every single person that people like that are Good people? It's just bad hominin attacks. That's exactly. And it's so dishonest and the way that they try to interpret it. And do you think the response to that now knowing what we know about expressing that and how they try to ruin your life, we could talk about even Miss Rachel, who they demanded a and, and they, I am explicitly speaking about these pro Zionist groups. Yeah. Demanded that the DOJ investigate her for taking money from Qatar. The new opinion is that If you have a problem seeing a child blown up, If you have a problem with children starving, because Israel is not allowing aid to get into that territory.


If you, you have a problem 77 days, 77 days without age, you have a problem with the images of a woman yelling as she wailing, as she's holding her child. If you have a problem with tens of thousands of murdered innocence, and By the way, the last time that we had the number check they, 'cause they don't tell you anymore. It's gotta be, we, we've gotta be close to six figures now, in my opinion. Okay. Because that's how long ago it was at like 50,000. But If you have a problem with any of that, the amount of death, the destruction that's happening, you're being funded by Qatar. They're even handing out names. They're calling him Tucker Kaaren. And So I wanna be, if if this is what we do, we all get Qatar names for having basic, you know, human response to tragedy.


I wanna be Catis Catan Owens. You don't wanna be Cathars Cathars. No, they're they, they're catted. They are catted. That's they by blaming everybody on this. But I wanna be Catan and you are Ian Qatar. I'll Be Ian Qatar. Yeah, for sure. It's, I already amm really. So, right. But this is their argument. You're funded by guitar Dave Smith, same thing. You're funded by guitar. No evidence just lies. And it's like, If you want people to come over to your side, you have to stop being a liar. It's, it's always, you are wrong. You are mentally ill. It's never what is Israeli's actions? What, what are, what is Israel doing that might cause someone to criticize them? And it's the same thing that I'm talking about with that shooter again.


It's like, again, horrible tragedy. But is he antisemitic or if Israel wasn't bombing children every single day and that whole conflict wasn't happening this way right now, do you think he still would've done that because he hates Jews? Or is it because of what we're seeing on the TV that he got rat like radicalized like That. Right. What about the guy who self emulated who was in the Navy and said that there were a bunch of things going on that that that it was intended to be a genocide. And his name was Aaron and I'm, I'm blanking on his last name, forgive me. But he set himself on fire self mated because he said he was trying to draw attention. This was way early on before people were really tuned in to what I refer to now as a holocaust of what's happening. God is very clearly a holocaust.


And do you think that he, what he just wanted and there Oh well he was, you know, he's mentally ill because he set himself on himself on fire is what they say. And people are having a reaction. Never justifies violence. What happened is a tragedy, you should never think that your solution to that should be, well I'm gonna go take other innocent life because I'm upset about what's happening. That's just wrong. But to you, to pretend that people that are having a normal human response to what's happening or, or try to now censor speech and they're trying to criminalize people that are saying free Palestine or are speaking about Gaza. Now you all have blood on your hands. No, no, no, no, no. Inet in Yahoo has blood on your hands. And this only underscores how little you value Palestinian life that it takes two Israeli citizens being killed for you to have this reaction when you're basically punishing us and and calling for us to be canceled and banned.


All of these things. We're having a human response to tens of thousands of innocent women and children being slaughtered in a territory next to Israel. Yeah. Or a part of Israel rather an apartheid state, you know, whatever you wanna call it. And, And so yeah, it's, it's, it's really disappointing to just kind of see this happen over and over again. Now some People, well it's really educational. If you wanna learn how propaganda works, how the hobo works, how the mind control works, all you need to do is study the Israel Palestine conflict. Yeah. Because Israel has been waging a information war on the American people all along. And they still do today and they're every day you can log in and watch their tactics and see how they try to do this. And it doesn't really work. But If you study it, you can then see it in other realms as well because that's the only weapon they have when this is the reality of how many ki kids are being killed on this side versus the other side.


Right. And it's funny you mentioned them waging and information war because we've shown on this show many times the clip of the eventual prime minister of Israel when Wikipedia first got started, speaking about how they had employed this whole team to write, you know, and they also had the same thing for X. They have all these IDF soldiers that are writing responses and controlling bot accounts. That footage exists that none of that is a conspiracy theory. You can look that up. You can on my past episodes where I showed it. But I also messaged you, they disappeared this article, which was super weird. We gotta get into your Kabbalah bracelet too. Oh yeah. The The four chan thing. The four chan thing. Yeah. How weird was that? I sent it to you. So Reuters published a piece, notorious internet message board four chan has been hacked, the post claims.


And they were alleging that the, basically Israel was revealed as the top contributor since 2014 on four chan with 221 million posts on two four chan in a major data breach. And then Reuters disappeared. The article, I've never seen that happen. Usually a correction, something Reuters disappeared this article entirely, this was very recent. And four chan came up because apparently there was a thread that was started about you wearing this Kabbalah bracelet. Yeah. So let's show Ian on my show a couple of weeks ago wearing a Kabbalah bracelet and suddenly this caused a firestorm. So would you like to explain whether or not you are a ma ma mosad operative Well, or a cabalist, Whatever the thing is, I had to take a break from the show to fly back to talk to my handlers for a little bit.


'cause the bracelet obviously was too overt. No, my, my girlfriend gave it to me. I explained it on x, I was under the impression because I knew a little bit about the koala bracelets. I was under the impression that it's a red string. I thought it was too, to be honest, because people freaked out about Tucker when he wore a red string. Just like, you know what have your opinion of Tucker Carlson, whatever you want to do, whatever floats your boat. So when I got this red bracelet, I was like, ha, this looks a lot like the red string Kabbalah bracelet things. But Look who's writing this? Like Mr. Nobody. Okay. Exactly. Random account. Go ahead. Well, and then here's the thing is like, regardless of what bracelets people wear, it's like if that's your standard of evidence, bro, like how can I trust anything you're coming up with?


Because I know my own history and I know, like I know what is going on in my life. And so if that's the standard of evidence, it's like, dude, like maybe like maybe the Red Shoe Club is real. Maybe they're sending signs and doing like hand signals and stuff. But I'm like, can you trust that every time? Because, so for me it's like it blows up into this whole big thing online, which is kind of wild. Mm. Like, whoa guys, calm down, calm down, calm Down. It was mostly on X is what I noticed. It was on X, right? It was all on X. And I know that they're running tons of bot farms on x, I never take it seriously. It's coming from X and I'm getting tagged on X. And then four chan. And I knew about this disappearance of this four chan article and I thought it was very weird. There were obviously people that then believe, yeah. And start to read into it. But I do wanna say this, I have been through so many of those scandals and So I felt really bad for you.


We used to literally have my producer, no matter what I wore, she'd be like, you know, what's that symbol? I'm like, what do you mean? What's I got this from Zara? And she's like, okay. But like we should look it up to make sure it doesn't mean something. Because a couple of times, First and foremost when I think I do this, oh my gosh. So there was a photo. She's a sick at you. No. And they, I didn't know that. Whatever the size, No, I step on my hands. Yes. Because you know what to do with your hands. Like Talladega Knight made that clear. Sometimes you know what to do with your hands. And when I, I think I do this. And so there was an image of me mid thought that they then were like, Candace is in the Illumina. I'm like, what? I was literally, you can see prepping for my show. And they caught a photo of me do. And I always do this. It's a bad habit and maybe I should stop doing it when I'm thinking now I kind of try to do this.


Or was something Tactile actually helps. You think, there's studies that show that using your hands helps you think I always do it. And I'm like, okay, what was I thinking? What was I thinking? And then I went to New York during COVID and wanted to brag about the fact that I had gotten around their COVID restrictions. So I didn't get vaccinated and I had managed to get myself a slice of pizza, made the mistake of posting the box of pizza in a car. And next thing I knew I was at the center of Pizzagate. And they were like, why would she post this? And even if she's not blah, blah blah, then she should be more responsible with her platform. And what I've grown to First and foremost appreciate because it's not like we're, I don't mean to say, oh my God, you guys are so crazy. You're too termin on the internet. The thing is, is that they don't realize that some people really are green.


What I mean is that they're new to this thing. They don't know all of the hand gestures, all the signs, all the conspiracy theories. And I found myself feeling like I was being drowned. The bigger my platform was. Like my, my platform is kind of very quickly kind of like yours. Like you said, you know, suddenly you're making videos and then more and more people are watching them. They think that you know all of the stuff and you really don't know everything. No, I'm gonna catch up on Everything means. Yeah. And you take this bracelet from your girlfriend's dad and he's like, I'm watching you. And yeah. The Irish Catholics, By the way, like they had traveled to Greece and when she was younger she had like gotten this script, one of these types of bracelets in Greece. 'cause it is, it's an evil eye bracelet in Greece, I believe. Yeah. But she didn't, she does not know that. But so she, it's like a cutesy thing for her and her dad, when he travels, he gets them for her.


But they're Irish Catholics. And so he makes, and you know, kind of an awkward dad joke about it, but I'm like, whatever bro. Cool. Like sure bracelet. Yeah. It's just Interesting that, well, internet dude, guys calm down. Because If you think that Candace Owens's show is being run by the Kabbalah, If you think that, that the Jews want you talking about the fact that Emmanuel Macron has been groomed in this way that he has. If you, If you right, like If you think that the things that I talk about on my show, like my multi-hour long podcast about the dancing Israelis and about Jeffrey Epstein and about, you know, the Israeli mafia. If you think that all of that is what they want us talking about, then I am really worried Yeah. About what we're not supposed to talk About. Yeah. And, but when we talk about these information wars, like, it, you also have to be aware when you are being infiltrated with their tru, they, they kind of wanna make you distrust people all the time.


Coen Tell Pro 1 0 1 And you ha Yeah. Coen tell Pro 1 0 1 and you have to take people, look at our work, you know, look at our, look at what I'm doing in book club, what books we're reading, the fact that I'm even speaking about the Kabbalah, our next book that we have coming up. Yeah. And So I just wanted to give you the opportunity. I was like, you, those things you have to address head on and you have to do it without trying to condemn people who may just have been in this thing a lot longer. And many of them have been, they been Yeah. Mean It's So important that people think for themselves. Like they, you know, no one should trust me for what I say. Like, you should, everyone should think for themselves and look at the sources that I present and think, think critically. Right? Yeah. And you should never put someone on a screen up on some pedestal. 'cause even if I, I like, maybe I'm controlled by Qatar, maybe I'm just dumb and get things wrong. Everything in between.


Right. And so the, the, like the thing about Ental Pro is it's very effective because it works. There's no way when you start sewing division, so this started in like the Black Panther movement and, and the sixties civil rights era. And when you start sewing division among the ranks and throwing mud on everybody, there's really no answer except to suspect everybody. But in the digital age, you don't really have to trust anybody. You can just trust informa. You can just trust yourself, research and Yeah. Just do your own research and, and don't really trust anyone. Right. And then people will expose themselves when they start shilling a narrative, you can kind of be like, eh, that's kind of weird. Yeah. And maybe they're wrong and they'll get corrected and learn. Or maybe they're, you know, James, Lindsay, here's what I would say.


I'm kidding James, I'm kidding. I'm not kidding. But I'll say this. I think we should be highly suspicious of people that are pushing the guitar talking Point. Oh yeah. 'cause we're literally not fun to by guitar. Guitar and they're all pushing the guitar talking point. And So I mark all clear all those people in my mind where I'm like, okay, you are definitely a show. Because you can't just say something with absolutely zero evidence. You can't just say, this person like thinks it's bad to kill GA and children, so they're funded by guitar. That's, that's completely nutty and crazy and it's meant to sow distrust. And So I don't trust those people at all. Okay. I mean, I've learned a lot from that because I, and when I, I was less careful about the accusations I'd throw around earlier on in my game here. And through having those accusations thrown at me and knowing very clearly they're not true, that then I realize like, oh, you should be very careful when you throw accusations someone without proof because you undermine all your credibility Right.


When you do that. And, and If you don't have proof, you're just going way out on a limb. Yeah. Ready to drown yourself. Yeah. For No reason. Absolutely. Yeah. Well, I wanna get to people's comments because I know that they have a ton of them. First I do wanna throw it to a couple of our sponsors.


Tax Network, USA, I've told you guys about them. Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, a real trouble just beginning, you know that If you missed the April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS is going to ramp up their efforts to enforce every day you wait. It only makes things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels that we haven't seen in years. There's increased administrative scrutiny, which means collections are moving fast. The good news, there's still time for Tax Network USA to help you self-employed or a business owner. Doesn't matter if, even if your books are a mess, they have got you covered Tax Network. USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late. You can regain control. Your consultation is completely free. And acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise level levies before they escalate. So just call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. May I have missed April 15th, but you have not run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


Also, American Financing Inflation is eating away at everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner, you probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? Then you probably second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you're currently enjoying. Well, that low rate is not saving you if you're drowning in credit card interest at 25% or more. That's the math that no one wants to face. But it is actually costing you thousands. So here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt will follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. There's no upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could be saving every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today, (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Skylar, do you have that clip by the way that I love of Tim Dylan where there will be signs about guitar 'cause that just needs to be played. Yeah. Pull that up While we're, while we're starting with some of these comments, we've got 40,000 people watching live. Hello people. We love to have you here. Okay, what do I have for comments? First and foremost, I wanna remind you guys the Harvey interview. If you have not yet watched it, we have now set it for pay-per-view on our website. So I know that some people were like, I can't afford to completely sign up for the Candace Owens Club altogether. Well, we decided to set that interview at Pay-Per-View, so you can now watch that for just $4 and 99 cents. Go to Candace Owens dot com. It's crazy. It really is crazy. It caused quite the star and I, I was really honored to be able to have that conversation and to see the end of the Me Too movement.


Okay, this person, hair by Janiah writes, they have been watching Diddy since Jonathan Oddi had that interview. Cassie was the conduit to getting him. What does that mean? Oh, that it's actually, it's a, it's a setup that they were ready to cut him loose all along is the theory there. Jonathan Oddi was like, it's Diddy's drawing too much attention. This is gonna be a problem. We gotta find a way to cut him loose. And then finally they used Cassie to cut him loose, I think is the theory there. Interesting. And So then, So I, you know, I'm up for the idea that that Diddy was intentionally cut loose. I'm, I'm open to hearing the idea that this is somewhat calculated of trying to get him to go down. But the thing is, is Diddy if, if what Little Rod says is true, and he, unbeknownst to the execs at Universal, allegedly was filming them in compromising positions.


Oh. But particularly he implied pretty heavily that he had a Lucian Grange on tape because he didn't know that Diddy had some cameras in his room when they went in and did whatever they did. Yeah. Alleges that allegedly. I just wouldn't, they be so somewhat fearful of Diddy. Well Here's my, Is this all the show trial, but just gonna like fly him to Cuba to live with Tupac for the rest of his life. Me, I mean, assuming he's alive. Allegedly, my theory, this is just a theory just for funsies, right, is the little rod lawsuit feels different. Right. Cassie's lawsuit feels like what this was supposed to be interesting. Right. And the whole court trial is all about Cassie's lawsuit, not about Little Rods.


And they're ignoring little Rod's lawsuit in basically every way they can. I wonder, just asking questions if Little Rod didn't just accidentally happen to file his lawsuit of his own volition in the way of their plan and mess everything up a little bit. I Think he did because he's the one that's in hiding. Exactly. And Cassie's just walking around. Yeah. Like good. And Cassie somehow is the woman that's like been this abused and this beaten and then somehow gets the gumption to come out and drop this lawsuit. And then they don't settle it immediately like it, it's just, it's just weird. It's weird. And then the whole trial is based on her lawsuit and everything is based on her lawsuit, even though the other one clearly has more Rico style stuff in it. Right. And they're charging him for Rico.


And so it's weird that the Rico investigation doesn't involve any of the most salacious Rico stuff. So I wonder if Lil Rod isn't a problem. I can't believe you're just asking questions. Yeah, that's crazy. Allowed to Well it's pretty antisemitic. Ask, it's Antisemitic to ask questions since I've learned that on X. No, I'm wearing my Epstein shirt. So Yeah, that's what be the next Danes Cup we sell. Just gonna say, just asking questions. So we gotta drop that one. Okay. First and foremost, I gotta show you this video of Tim Dylan. This is my permanent 2025 mood. There will be signs when and if me and Ian Carol are funded by Qatar, there will be signs. Take a listen to Tim Dylan. Explain that. Oh, I had no audio.


No worries. We'll try that again in a second. Natalie writes, really enjoyed watching you two walk the dog on your logic regarding Cassie and whether you view her in a more positive light or not. Fun to see the back and forth and opinions and then both agree. Yeah. You know, I just didn't know how I felt about it and sometimes you kind of have to speak to somebody else, kind of get through it. And I was just thinking about the other victims and how they would feel about her kind of being portrayed as a hero even though she did some bad stuff and, but I then was like, she's so young and she was on drugs and yeah. Think and have conversations while you still can. I think it's so annoying when people pretend to know everything and they're, it's, this is the bad guy, this is the good guy. Things tend to be a little bit more complex than that. So I, I think that's one of the coolest things about this industry too, is that you're around like people that watch this kind of stuff, people that do this kind of work, they're people that are thinking carefully about what's going on.


And so it's so fun to have conversations about things. You, we, you haven't really decided yet because often you're gonna get a really intelligent response from someone like you who's done all this research but has a different opinion than me. That's why I think that's why podcasts are cool, is because you get to learn from a lot of different people Without being so authoritative. Like this is the perspective that you must agree with back at home because we know everything and we are the experts that need to be trusted. Okay. He now says he has the Tim Dylan clip ready. I don't know if I can trust you Skylar, but go ahead and play it. Press just put out an article how Qatar bought America. If that were true, there would be signs. That's completely untrue. I have not been bought. Is this look like a man who's been bought by Qatar?


See my children a dance for me. And of course Peaches Bitch villain and anyone that is accused me, Oh my God, Of getting money or becoming some type of Emirati or Aari. I'm the same person. Always been. I happen to like gold, sue me, sue me. Literally sue me. I'm just imagining the conversation of like, Hey, I want to get this outfit. Okay, I want this outfit. Right, right. I Know. Could you imagine working for him? That's so great. I love that. That is fun. There will be signs. We will have live tigers and I will just tell you, I am funded. Sue me. I like gold. Sue me. I like gold.


It's ridiculous. These people should be laughed at. And all of these people, of course Barry Weiss is the one that writes the article How Qatar bought America. No Proof needed Guys. Yeah. There's no proof. Everyone's funded by Qatar That disagrees with me. Okay. Abigail Bower writes, Theo Vaughn started out knowing nothing, listened to both sides and made AdChoices. I started saying, I don't know enough to have an opinion. Once you do have enough info, the option is clear. The intent was always genocide. Yep. The intent was always genocide. Yeah. Hence why they propped up Hamas. Hence why they pulled forces off the border beforehand. Hence why they ignored the reports that said that Hamas was preparing for major offensive. It all points to one thing. And look now they're trying because they've lost the thread here in America in terms of Israel's support.


And I think that we have that Glenn Greenwald tweet, which was he retweeted somebody speaking about that drop in Israeli and support for Israel and America. That's why they're now pushing speech laws. They're trying to manufacture support, which is insane. And of course that's going to backfire. Glenn Greenwald tweeted the collapse in support for Israel among Americans is substantial and steep. 50% of Republicans under 50 have an unfavorable view of Israel and 53% of Americans overall, the only pro-Israel group left is older Republicans. It's happening globally and it won't be repaired. And what are they doing trying to repair it? Trying to what? Mine, these two diplomats being shot and demanding more censorship on YouTube.


They're, they're blaming Hassan Piker, I think. Yeah, I heard that. Do you have the clip Skyler, did you pull, by the way the a DL instantly jumps on this Dangerous gamer. Yeah. This dangerous gamer is somehow to blame. He wasn't there. You do have it. Let's play that clip of, of what? This is the CEO of the a DL head of the a l. Yeah. Jonathan Greenblatt Or whatever. He's, he's very scummy. Take a listen.


People who spout prejudice should not be platformed. It's unbelievable. Wow. Yeah. Geez. The self-awareness on that one is, But this is, they're desperate. And don't forget he was caught on the hot mic demanding that the TikTok tiktoks, we have a generational problem. We've gotta get TikTok under control. And they certainly did get TikTok under control. You cannot speak badly about the Israeli government on TikTok. Now here we're and yeah. And now here we are. And so he's basically saying, we need even more censorship. Yeah. And he thinks that that's gonna work. Like the youth is going to follow them. And that's why I say it's incumbent upon people to make sure your children, like you guys are now we've got the youth generation telling the truth and being aware of this. Make sure your, your children when they come up that they are aware of this. That how manipulated, how manipulated the information war is that they're aware of the a DL saying, we have to get control of the internet.


I've noticed changes on X ever since Elon paid a visit to Poland and, and suddenly the X is, there's so many obvious bot accounts that we were speaking about earlier. I am just very tired of this and I don't think this is how they're going to win. I think we have God on our side, we have heart on our, our side, and we have truth on our side. And I don't see how lies manipulation and cause for censorship can possibly win in the end. No, in the open internet. The, like, this is the scary dynamic is that in the open internet, censorship just exposes itself and there's no, there, there's no censorship response that is gonna work. And I think they're learning that in real time. And it, I I sort of get worried because you have to go full censorship.


You have to shut things down. You have to do something way more extreme to get censorship to work. Yep. Or have some sort of serious calamity, like a, like a large attack or a large tragedy. Right? Like October 7th brought a lot of people together all at once around a lot of, I mean, around a tragedy, but also a tragedy dressed up in other lies. Right. And So I worry that that is starting to be the only avenue available to like the BB net and yahoo camp in this world in order to keep the straight Going. Yeah. They want, they want like a big event because they know when there's chaos, when there's chaos and there's emotion, you can seize a lot of power. And I think that that's what they need because when people don't have that and they're able to think rationally, it's very clear that something very wrong is happening in Gaza. Skylar, what did you say to me in my ear?


Oh guys, we, we are on a baby alert here, so we're going to have to wrap the show because I have got to go feed my son. And so If you wanna take this away Ian, and you can wrap the show on this LA Oh actually this is a perfect last comment. It's perfect. Divine Council writes, congrats to you and your family, miss Candace. Hey, If you want to follow a lead to solid proof about the hip hop drug trafficking theory, look into Juice World's death. Love you. Yeah. Praying inspired by you. Ian, any last thoughts before I go feed the infant? No, I'm gonna go look into Juice World's Death. Okay. Solid comment. Yeah, you guys, thank you so much for joining. I'll be back on maternity leave for the next two weeks. Ian will continue taking over the show. I hope we've cleared up everything regarding Kabbalah Gates and that he's been doing a, a tremendous job.


You guys have absolutely loved him, so we're really kind of responding to like bots and people who maybe got mixed up and thought there was something legit there. But really appreciate you guys allowing me to enjoy his time with my family and I'll see you in two weeks.