
I mean, where do we even begin? I guess at the top of this week you had the media trying to convince you that I was unhinged, that I had gone crazy because I was freaking out over the fact that the a DL was trying to rehabilitate a convicted pedophile. and that was not true. Obviously everything they were saying was not true. But today I am feeling a little bit unhinged and a little crazy because I had planned to announce you guys today that I was gonna vote for Kamala Harris, truly because Beyonce was supposed to perform at the DNC. And everybody knows that if you're black and Beyonce tells you how to vote, you simply do it. But no, after all of the hype, she made no such appearance, which means I'm gonna actually have to, I'm gonna have to vote on the issues instead. And I feel like today I'm gonna have to take a stance for black people who are just feeling tremendously let down from all the hype they did not deliver on.


In other news, it looks like RFK Jr has officially dropped out and endorsed Trump. We're gonna speak about that. And if for some reason you thought it was going to end with Rabbim contacting the FBI over on Kosher pizza, you have not been paying attention to my life recently because apparently the home affairs minister of Australia has said he plans to personally block my Visa application to enter the country after being pressured by the Zionist Federation of Australia. What on earth is going on people? Let's talk about it. All that coming up. And plus, as I promised you in the chat, I have the raw footage of the video of me singing in the intro to share with you.


That's what's coming up on Candace, Beyonce. Beyonce Wherefore Art thou to Beyonce, deny thy father and refuse thy name. I mean, truly, truly, where was she? People waited up all night because, well, lemme just back it up actually. Let me tell you how we even got here. So what happened was the night before the last night of the convention, of course they premiered Oprah. We always expect Oprah. She's kind of a big get always for the Democrats and she always gets a thunderous applause and gives a speech that really people don't agree with coming from her.


But it's Oprah, so who cares? Here's what she had to say. A quick snippet From the Redwood Forest. Love those redwoods to the Gulfstream waters. I've seen racism and sexism and income inequality and to division. I've not only seen it at times, I've been on the receiving end of it. Yeah, here's what I'm gonna say. Oprah's worth $2.7 billion. So whatever is going on between the redwood forest and the trees and like the racism and sexism that she's receiving, I want it. I just wanna say that, put it out there. Whatever she is getting, I want, I will take all of it for her. like I said, it doesn't really matter what she says or how ridiculous it sounds with her wealth. People eat it up because it's Oprah and that's acceptable.


But then what happened was a staffer, an unknown staffer running an account leaked this onto Twitter. They wrote, I've been sworn to secrecy, but you don't wanna miss the DNC tonight If. you thought the Oprah surprise was big. Just wait. And immediately people started saying it's Taylor Swift or it's Beyonce. 'cause that's that If, you're gonna say you're bigger than Oprah. You only got so many people that you can realistically pull from and it would be Taylor Swift. And I was like, nah, it's not Taylor Swift, it's gotta be a black person. 'cause they gotta go for the black vote always. They don't kind of do that nonsense with white people. you know, Taylor Swift is who they roll out when they wanna get people watching the NFL that don't traditionally watch the NFL, right? This is not, this is not gonna be a good get for the DNC and So I.


I was like, Hmm, Beyonce sounds about correct. 'cause they do wheel her out typically. She notoriously was there the night before We went to the voting polls for Hillary Clinton. I just will never forget that it was her, it was Jay-Z and Black America was like, that's it. I am with her. So I was like, okay, here it is. Beyonce, she is coming. And then we were kind of leading up warming up in the evening and they brought out another young woman named Amanda Gorman, who is a poet. I'll tell you some other stuff about her. She's a, a young poet who graduated from Harvard in 2020 and she has a degree in sociology. This woman's been on the cover of time. She also delivered a poem the Youngest Ever to deliver a poem at, at an inauguration.


She did that for Joe Biden in 2021. So she is big and that's like, she was like the warmup act for Beyonce. And the poem was, I, I'm just gonna let you guys listen to it. We gather at this hollowed place because we believe in the American dream. We face a race that test, if this country we cherish shall perish from the earth. And if our earth shall perish from this country, I know what to say.


Well, I'm gonna say something nice. First off, she has amazing skin. Her skin is glowing. She's a very beautiful young lady. I'm just not sure what poetry is anymore. I don't know, I I I just remember poetry being somewhat more complex. That to me just sounded like she was talking in a slow tone. But you know, my theory on the education system, it's not a shot in Amanda Gorman, is that everybody's getting degrees and we're handing out more degrees when we ever handed out. And I'm just not sure if it's the same pool of candidates that we had some decades ago when you were allowed to go to Harvard. Like I'm not sure if David Hogg graduating from Harvard is a, a good indication of where the education system is going. But like I said, she was the warmup act and at least her hair skin, she looks amazing.


And we were going, okay, like we're getting bigger, we're growing here. Where are we headed? And then TMZ, they always have an inside scoop. They dropped it. They said it is confirmed. Beyonce performing at the DNC's final night, three exclamation points and the internet got hyped. The article read Beyonce's in Chicago and getting ready to pop out for Kamala Harris in the final night of the Democratic National Convention. Multiple sources in the know tell us Queen B will be the surprise, the big surprise performer as VP Harris officially accepts the Democratic Party's nomination to run for president. And then they, when they were correct, they wrote as you'd expect, Beyonce's appearance is a huge deal, not only for Harris and the party, but in Chicago as well.


We're told Chicago PD is on high alert as it's involved in security for Beyonce at the United Center Arena as it should be. The Queen is here and she's gonna get all the black votes for the Democratic party. That's what they need. And So, it was official and, and some people were even celebrating because they told you so. Like Don Lemon, he was giddy. Take a listen. Beyonce is confirmed performing at the DNC. Didn't I tell y'all He's such a weird person I like love and hate him at the exact same time. I can't explain it. He's just so Don Lemon. you know, you just, you gotta, you gotta appreciate it. Didn't I tell y'all So people were like, yes, it's amazing, it's happening.


And then what happened next was that it didn't happen at all. It didn't even kind of happen. Well maybe If, you count Kamala Harris when she hits the stage, she walked out to Beyonce's Song Freedom and she just came out there and people went crazy and they heard the freedom song and probably a little bit, they still thought, okay, maybe Beyonce's like around the corner and she's behind her. But no, that was it. Like it was just Kamala Harris And. so instantly, obviously the left leading networks worked over time to kind of spin this to the people or make them realize like, this is not disappointing. Like we lied to you and we leaked the fact that Beyonce was coming and she didn't come. But you should still be encouraged because take it away, CNN Fucking anticipation here and elsewhere that there may be a special guest.


I am told by Democrats that Kamala Harris was their guest. They did not want a celebrity at the end of this convention to essentially compete with her one senior advisor telling me this is a deadly serious election. And If, you looked at the end of this program having a Leon Pine come on, the former defense secretary really presenting Vice President Harris as a plausible commander in chief. that is one of the reasons I'm told that there was not a celebrity performance at the end. And he probably deserves to be punched in the face for that excuse. Like just saying basically Kamala is your new Beyonce, take it or leave it. We didn't want anybody to take away the energy away from Kamala.


Like this is your new Beyonce. So we said it was Beyonce, but what we meant is like, it's, it's kind of like a Beyonce, you know, Kamala is the new thing. She's black and we expect you to worship her And. so what if she doesn't sing or she can barely speak any English? We saved it for the end because we wanted to introduce you to your new black formerly Indian American queen. And I don't think that that made much sense. I also really appreciated when he said, you know, this is a deadly serious election. Why? I mean, we're not here to play games and make you think that you should have, you know, celebrities to follow that that would be, by the way, a very good policy that we shouldn't be using stars to attract votes.


I just feel like maybe that CNM reporter forgot that they had already brought little John out on stage. Remember, take a listen, Georgia, how do you cast your votes? Yeah, Deadly serious selection. Y'all deadly serious So. it was the old bait and switch. It happens and it shouldn't happen, but it did. And we're gonna have to just accept that. And I appreciate everybody making tiktoks explaining how upset they are by this. And this is one young lady who took to TikTok to vent her frustration.


Take a, listen, Whoever started the rumor that Beyonce was gonna be at the DNC convention tonight, I hope your pillow stays hot on both sides. The way that I stayed up to damn near midnight to have Beyonce all in my mouth like liquor just for y'all to play in my face. You should be ashamed of yourself. I'm like 15 minutes and, and it's about to be over and I see a tweet. This is Beyonce's not even coming. Why would y'all play like that? Like why would y'all play like that? It was a good, it was. The whole thing was good, by the way, don't get me wrong. I I I enjoyed it from start to finish. But why would y'all sit there and tell us Beyonce was coming when you knew she wasn't?


I'm going to sleep First and foremost, I completely agree with this girl and I'm gonna start saying that to people like I, you know what I give you what I curse you with. Yeah, A hot pillow on both sides because how dare you pull the old what we now refer to as the bay and switch and not bring her out. And I also wanna point to the fact that that girl just riffing sounded to me like modern poetry. Get that girl a scholarship to Harvard, put her on the cover of Time Magazine and she also similarly has great skin, but she asked the question, why would they do this? And So I just wanna very quickly answer you because they know that if they suggest that Beyonce is going to be somewhere that all black Americans will pay attention and all they actually wanted you to do was pay attention to everything else that was happening that evening to bring you and draw you into the party.


Not on the basis of their ideas, not on the basis of their values, but on the basis of, hey, like you know, you like Beyonce, we've got Lil John, we earlier gave you Megan Thee stallion raising money. Don't you see we are the party that at least recognizes that Beyonce is the queen. And again, this is your new formerly Indian now fully black queen Kamala Harris. Take it or leave it ladies and gentlemen. And for me personally, I I just would like to leave it and that's all I'm gonna say on that topic.


Wanna throw it to one of our amazing sponsors by the way, we can do some good in the world. If you've heard about Seven Weeks Coffee, you're already drinking coffee, why not drink coffee That aligns perfectly with conservative and Christian values. They're on the mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of delicious coffee at a time. Seven Weeks Coffee cuts out the middleman paying farmers directly and giving them 300% more than fair trade requires. Seven Weeks Coffee is launching an exciting new initiative called Drink More Coffee, save More Lives because they are so close to saving 5,000 lives. By the way, if you're wondering about their name, at seven weeks of a baby's development, the baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the first time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support ultrasound services at pregnancy care centers across the country. For my listeners, when you subscribe, you'll receive extra savings and get a free drink Coffee Save Lives tote on your first order. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use Code Canada to save up to 25%. Make the commitment to drink Seven Weeks Coffee every morning and you'll be a part of funding the pro-life movement and helping to save over 5,000 baby lives and counting. That's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace to save up to 25% off.


Okay guys, we gotta get into this story 'cause This is crazy and maybe it's not crazy don don't know. I'm not a Australian, I've never been to Australia, it's my first time. I guess I should put it into context that this would be crazy in America because we are so radical about speech. Like I could never imagine anybody in government being like, I'm going to personally see to it that this person does not come into my country because don don't like their speech even left and right, tons of disagreements. but like we very much believe in in the one A, you know, we just believe in freedom of speech and freedom of debate. And if we ever said something that extreme, it would have to be because you know, Jeffrey Epstein was coming after he had been convicted. Like we, it would have to be something that we were just also incensed about the crime that someone committed that we didn't want someone to step foot on American soil.


So I was so shocked to book up today to this news. It says, and I'll just read to you the headline here, it was in in in the news.com, Australia Home Affairs minister Tony Burke to personally review the visa of far right commentator Candace Owens it reads the Home affairs Minister says he will personally review the visa application of far right pundit CandaceOwens saying that he hopes she has quote a good refunds policy. I mean I told you guys yesterday, we've so already sold out of VIP tickets all across Australia. I'm so looking forward to going this. Apparently he has been lobbied by the Zionist Federation and he says that he's going to personally review the Visa app application. And this is coming from the publication of far right anti-Semitic Speaker Candace Owens who is scheduled to come to Australia in November four speaking tour.


Mr. Burke who had discretionary ministerial powers to block or refuse a visa said it appeared Owens had yet to make an application three months out from the shows. And this is what they're purporting is a direct quote from him. Tickets to these events are selling for $100. I hope she has a good refunds policy. He goes on to say my opposition to antisemitism and Islamophobia has always been on the record. I have clear legal powers to knock back a visa to anyone who would incite discord. His strong stance has been welcomed by the executive council of Australian Jewry Co-chief executive Peter Wordham. Peter says, at a time of unprecedented strains on the cohesiveness of the Australian society, which is very largely the outcome of ignorant and malicious comment on social media.


The last thing we need to be importing into our country is yet another. So-called celebrity who has made racist and bigoted comments about Jews and other vulnerable groups. Okay, lot going on there. I do also want to point out that virtually everything that is being purported that I said was definitely not said. As I told you earlier, the Zionist Federation of Australia actually publicly posted on their Instagram calling for me not to be allowed into their country. This again, don don't know if this is just an American thing. I've never been there. I always assumed there was some like synergy between Australians and Americans and that there was this like freedom minded mentality. It'll be my first time there and I guess I'll get some sort of an assessment.


But unimaginable just truly unimaginable that anyone would take this stance over speech that you're not even citing accurately. This is, this was what was posted by the Zionist Federation, Federation of Australia. They wrote the Zionist Federation of Australia calls for Candace Owens to be refused a visa to enter Australia. Like what we believe that granting Candace Owens a visa posted a significant risk of inciting discord within the Australian community and vilifying Jewish Australians along with other minority and ethnic groups. And then they accuse me of extremism and bigotry and all sorts of things. And in the actual caption they wrote this, she has referred to transgenderism as clinical insanity.


I just wanna be clear, I did not refer to it as clinical ins insanity. I learned this in in school. I, I graduated and in our DSM five manual, it was cited when I was growing up. I understand these things change with every year that it was a mental disorder. that is what I said. That is just a fact. So it presenting this as, you know, clinical insanity is an interesting take on that and described the LGBTQ plus community. They go, they write this by the way, and she described the LGBTQ plus community as engaging in sexual debauchery. Okay? Again, something intentionally taken outta context. What I am referring to is pride month in America across the cities.


We have shown you examples of the sexual debauchery that is now taking place at Pride parades. Men riding bicycles, naked men dressed up in BDSM, like W leather chains and whips and basically basically just acting out sexual fetishes in the name of pride, which I find to be as a mother unacceptable. I don't, I do not think that this is exemplary of what the l lgbtq community is. And So I call it out because it's wrong and it's perverse. And to make it seem as though I am attacking the LGBTQ plus community, when in fact I feel I'm defending them for people who I believe have this sort of fetish extreme sexual fetishes that are kind of operating and pretending that this is just about, oh, I'm just lesbian or I'm gay.


Like you know, I grew up in the nineties, people were gay and lesbian and it didn't spell out that they wanted to wear like leather assless chaps and whip someone in the behind down the street while children were looking. That's a defense actually of the lgbtq plus community. He goes on to write, additionally, she has dangerously insinuated that trans people have been responsible for an increase in mass shootings. Again, this is so dishonest for the Zionist Federation of America to publish this. What I said was an absolute fact. There has been an uptick in America. The last recent shootings that have happened in America have been executed by people that identify as non-binary or transgendered.


So we have to talk about the facts without pretending that presenting a fact is a form of bigotry or a form of hate. And I introduce that fact because what I always say is missing from that conversation when we speak about school shootings, is trying to understand what drugs people are on that could be impacting their mind. That is an incredibly reasonable take to have that. I feel like the dying is Federation is trying to reposition as a hateful thing. I'm a mother to three young children wanting to get to the root of what is inspiring these shootings. Least by the way, I'm in Nashville, quite literally a trans person just shot up in elementary school last year. And to say that we're barred from discussing that aspect and you say you're doing that out of love, I don't know, that feels to me like hate for parents who want to go over and above to protect their children by understanding the issues at hand.


Then they say her harmful rhetoric extends beyond the lgbtq plus community. Owens has publicly claimed that Muslims started slavery and was Disturbingly mentioned in the man in the manifesto of the Christchurch Mosque shooter as a significant influence. This just gets dizzying. It's, I mean, I can't think of anything more horrific than trying to point to a manifesto, which an insane person wrote at the exact same time that you're trying to sell to people that I'm pro Hamas and anti-Jewish. You're also simultaneously trying to sell to Muslims that I hate them too. So I just hate everybody. There's like no one that I like, there's no side that I'm on You know this is exactly why we need to start having these conversations because when the media engages in this, removing things from context, you know, sometimes just flat out lying, even, even going so far as to assign meaning to a manifesto that somebody wrote in New Zealand, a place that I've never been to regarding a topic that I've never spoken about.


I actually don't speak about Muslim issues, so it's completely crazy to say this or to pretend that I would ever want a mosque to be shut to, to be shot out. But that's what he's, that's what he's implying, that I wanted a mosque to go through this horrific terrorist attack. That's what he's trying to implant. The Zionist Federation of America is trying to implant that into the minds of Americans and into the mind of Australians. Pardon? How is this okay? Why is this okay? Simply because you, you don't agree with something that I've said. You're, you're going to be hyperbolic and remove things from their context and not tell the truth. you know, this is not dignifying for the Zionist Federation of America.


I mean that sincerely. I think this is, this leans into terrible stereotypes when you're calling for someone, you're calling for censorship, you're smearing them. By the way, in that same manifesto, the guy cited Nelson Mandela as an inspiration, Nelson Mandela. Would you say awful things about Nelson Mandela? He also cited a child's cartoon. Do you know what was wrong with that guy? He was just insane. So you, you don't need to assign meaning of something that an insane person has said simply because you don't like me. And when you engage in this, right, it's harmful to the cause that you purport to care so much about Zionism. 'cause when people see this and they say, well this Zionist, is this what they believe in just speech censorship and, and pretending or, or they are able to go through this and realize that you're not telling the full truth.


It backlash, it causes backlash on a Zionist movement. And I just, I really wanted to call that out because I, I see this sort of vicious cycle taking place and I think there's something that should be separated here. Actually, I had a good conversation with a, a young woman today who had comment on this post, by the way, I wanna be clear Jewish people comments on this post and said, this is not the way. So let's, let's actually tether ourselves to reality that Jewish people don't agree with this censoring speech. And this is kinda the problem when organizations sort of elect themselves to speak on behalf of Jewish people and do stuff like this. like I said, it reflects badly on Jewish people who are Zionists. But somebody who had a great conversation with on Twitter, I think actually might have a piece of that conversation kind of said to me, look, there's Zionism and then there are radicals who use the Zionist community to hide behind just like any other radicals using any other communities, Republican community, black community, Muslim community, even the Christian community, et cetera, as a front for the crazy ideologies or hatred.


And you know what? She's right. And I haven't done a good job of that in the, in the past of trying to separate and say I'm referring to radical Zionists, right? I'm referring to people that will lie, who will threaten, who will smear, who will libel because they don't like a position that you've taken people that will take things out of context, right? Just like this, taking things that I've said in the past out of context to just make everyone believe that I'm so hateful that I shouldn't even be allowed to travel. That's very extreme. That that actually is a form of extremism in my viewpoint. And actually sort of another issue that recently happened actually this morning that I think really underscores this. And I wanna be clear, I'm not at all conflating myself with the victims of the October 7th attack and the hostages that are still being held by Hamas.


But I saw this and I was like, this is, this really shows you what I'm speaking about in terms of the media constantly being willing to lie on people to further their own interests. The, there was a hostage she was taken, her name is Noah Arga and I'll, I'll show you a picture of her beautiful young lady. She was taken on October 7th. You kind of remember, I don't think we're gonna show it, but there was a, a picture that went very viral of her. Oh, there it is. Yeah. And you remember this and she was screaming when she was taking, saying, please don't kill me. Well re remarkably they were able to rescue her and to free her back in June. And on Wednesday she spoke with the G seven embassy representatives in Tokyo and she detailed everything that she had been through while being held captive by the Palestinian armed groups during the seventh October attack.


And she gave a very moving testimony. She asserted how fearful she was remembering, recalling, falling asleep each night in Hamas captivity, fearing that it was going to be the last night of her life. You can just imagine just this like beautiful young woman having gone through this. That should have been enough. Her testimony should have been enough. There's no need to lie about her testimony. And guess what they did? The media lied about her testimony and today she was forced to issue this statement on Instagram saying that some of her remarks had been intentionally misquoted and taken out of context. Here's exactly what she wrote. I'm showing it to you guys in Hebrew. I will translate it if I, if I get a word wrong, please don't harm me. But it says I cannot ignore what the Israeli media has done to me over the past 24 hours.


Taking my words out of context, Al Kasam brigades members did not hit me while I was in captivity, nor did they cut my hair. I was injured by the collapse of a wall that was caused by an Israeli airstrike. I emphasize that no one hit me during captivity, but I was injured all over my body after the airstrike. I'm a victim of the October 7th instant and I refused to be victimized again by the Israeli media. That's an incredible statement, right? And as I said, what she's been through is harrowing enough. Like we, you don't need to pretend that she got her hair chopped off or that she got beat up by Hamas. Like no one's going, oh well if they didn't hit her then it's totally fine that they took her.


No one thinks that it's not fine that they took her, this woman was kidnapped and she was also kidnapped with her boyfriend who remains in captivity. And she has a powerful voice and she's telling you what she lived through. And yet you have people in the media that go, we need to make everything sound so hyperbolic because we want people to be on our side. And this is not the way I am telling you this is not the way the truth really is enough. And that is what we are referring to when we say that there is this like radical fringe that is breaking out that doesn't understand when I think the majority of people who are Zionists just are like, Hey, we want the hostages returned and we wanna hear their testimony. And then you get these people who are like, Nope, we're gonna make extreme stuff so that we can, you know, make people hate Hamas even more.


And again, the truth is always enough. So that is my perspective. And to know emani, I'm, I feel terrible that you went through that at all. you know, as a hostage the video was very hard to watch of you being taken. And then to have to couple that with just thinking that what you've been through is not enough is especially horrific.


All Right guys, I just, I do also wanna pause here and throw it to another one of my sponsors. GoldCo with inflation at an all time high and more boosters, the government is trying to give you If. you think that your money and retirement savings are safe, it is time for you to reevaluate. You need to consider diversifying your savings into a tangible asset that has stood the test of time. I am talking about gold from GoldCo. I want you to go right now to Candace likes gold.com. They have an incredible team that will guide you every step of the way. Their experts will show you how GoldCo is one of the top rated precious metals companies out there. GoldCo is a great company and they support this show. And for my listeners, you can Get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. Whether you've got an IRA that you are looking to transfer to a gold IRA or you just want to buy precious metals, you can physically hold onto GoldCo and help. So go to Candace likes gold.com. That's Candace likes gold.com.


All Right. guys, honorable mention here, it looks like RFK Jr is dropping out of the race. Yes, he has announced he's dropping outta the race. He has also endorsed Trump. I will show you a clip of that announcement. Take a listen. Enrique great causes drove me to enter this race in the first place primarily. And these are the principle causes that persuaded me to leave the Democratic Democratic party and, and run as an independent. And now to throw my support to President Trump. The, the clauses were free speech, a war in Ukraine and the war on our children.


So it's great. Obviously people have been waiting for this. There were some rumblings saying that he was going to do this and I'm glad that he did. I think that it will add to a little boost for the Trump campaign. Look, tons of stuff that I liked about RFK Junior, I have been very vocal about the fact that I am anti-Vax I know it's supposed to be like a, a dirty term or something. I do not vaccinate my children. And I feel remarkably educated in my decision to do that because of RFK Junior and the work that he did through his charity organization, children's Health Defense. I mean, I will, he will forever be a person that I'm grateful for because of that. Some of his policies I was not so keen on. I I think some of them specifically, I can give you one. Like I I thought he was quite radical on abortion, like really taking the, the bait I guess so to speak.


And I, I think that was something that I couldn't agree with. But the reality is, is that a lot of conservative moms, suburban moms really loved RFK Junior and some of them are still iffy on Trump and or have felt iffy in the past about Trump and So I think that RFK Jr getting behind him and saying, Hey, this is, this is the way to go if we're going to unite I'm an independent, but I'm telling you that the better of the two options here is Donald Trump that's going to be meaningful. And Trump had been teasing that, by the way, all week or not all week for the last couple of days, saying that they were going to have a surprise guest at his Arizona rally. And it looks like that's likely going to be RFK Junior. So we'll continue to monitor that.


But I'm, I'm just grateful that he's done that. 'cause there's, I mean we're almost here guys. It's just really just a few more weeks before it is going to be election day. And we need to now just try to have a party that is consolidated, a party that is focused on winning and this is going to be a major add to that All Right. guys, before I get into your comments, I do wanna show you, I promise, okay, one of you guys had said Candace, actually a lot of you in the comments say, I always wanna know what Candace is singing in that video. In the beginning when I'm holding the mic and I had to go back and get the video and show you guys what it was that I was singing, I wanna be clear and have a great voice.


But I had confidence. And I do want you guys when you're watching this video to look at my older sister who's looking at me like trying to make me feel bad 'cause I can't sing that good. Oh, she's just so shady. I told her, I was like, you know, you are just so shady. You didn't believe in me, but I believed in myself and in my singing capabilities that I did not have when I was just a little taught. So take it away, little Candace.


So you're probably like, I still didn't understand what song it was that was SWV Weak in the Knees. You guys saw that song. I get so weak in the knees, I can hardly speak that song. And I had all the confidence in the world and there you go. So I just went for it. Boo you Ashley, my older sister boo you. Seriously, I had it. I had the it factor there and it just didn't, I wasn't able to sing.


Alright, gonna thank our last sponsor. Before I get into your comments, I am sure If, you guys have heard me talk about American Financing especially right now because there are so many people that are stressed because the Mon monthly income is not seeming to cover bills anymore. Well, I want you know that you're not alone. A lot of Americans are feeling this way. Everything is getting more expensive. People are reaching more and more for their credit cards to cover the basics like childcare, insurance, power, food, even. It's tough. And if you're feeling this way, stop and call American Financing. They're helping hardworking Americans just like you tap into their home's equity line to pay off their high interest debt and even create some additional savings to be ready for whatever life throws your way with interest rates. Dropping a company like American Financing that never charges any upfront or hidden fees is the perfect partner to help you get into a better financial position. Their consultants are saving homeowners over $800 a month on average. Waiting is not an option. So call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 7 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay, let's get into some of your comments. I hope you guys are nice. This person is just nice. AB writes, you're the best Candace, the pithy Patriot writes, do you think Jesus was angry in the temple because false Jews were committing satanic rituals in real life, but just money changers? Come on, make it make sense. I mean a lot of people are are asking about basically just biblical passages pertaining to fake Jews. And obviously I've spoken out about a cult, a satanic cult that actually did in fact infiltrate all of the Abrahamic religions, Zeer boom's writes, will you talk about the Tate Brothers new-ish? What did I miss? I felt like I covered the Tate brothers for the last two days and maybe you guys needed a break. I guess I'll wait for the weekend update, but I think the last thing was that they got rated.


If I've missed something since then, I'm just not aware of it at this exact second. So I'm sorry for that. Karen writes, Candace, please check out Citizens Commission on Human Rights, the history of psychology and the crimes of Big Pharma. Why do you think we have been so vilified? We have been exposing them and fighting the human atrocities. Thank you so much. I'm, I'm understanding that you guys are an international nonprofit that was established by the Church of Scientology. What I will say is that I do recall that clip of Tom Cruise when he, I was ahead of his time speaking about the ills of putting children on medicine that messes with their minds. And he was sort of laughed out of polite society for having said that so early. And I always look back on people, the celebrities who were kind of the first to speak out against vaccines for children.


And similarly, they were treated like they were completely insane. And I'm just glad that that conversation is finally shifting and people are starting to realize that there is something wrong, I believe with Big Pharma and as well, which I would include in its house psychology. The one person writes, what the hell was that girl talking about regarding Amanda Gorman, the poet? I don't know, I think she, honestly, she was just talking in slow form. But like I said, she had really great skin all in rights. Originally. Magical wands were made from branches of the Holly tree, hence the term Holly Wood. And it's Alistair Crowley magic based founding. Wow, what a tidbit, guys.


I'm telling you If, you haven't read yet. Go read Hollywood Babylon by Kenneth Anger. It's very, very deranged and demonic that people don't know what, what are the origins, what the origins are of Hollywood. And it is all very, very, very occult cult. Ab writes again, Candace, I want to welcome you to the Catholic Church I. know it's been a while since, but wanted to welcome you. Thank you. I am so happy and excited every day to be a part of the Catholic family. The way that the Catholics defend me, like this is a true story, but they have these like ai, like spam things. And I'm speaking at a Catholic event this weekend in Niagara Falls, New York, and they literally got 3,500 like spam emails telling 'em that they better cancel the event because Candace Owens but doesn't, you know, it's a holocaust.


I like all sorts of crazy stuff and they just like peer pressured them so much. And I had a little bit of a chuckle 'cause I was like, guys, Catholics built different, like they're not going to believe stuff like that. And I'm very much looking forward to doing that event, but I'm just blessed to be a Catholic at this moment in time. 'cause I do think that the Catholic and the Orthodox communities really, really fight the hardest when it comes to Christians and some of the persecutions that we face. I don't say that with any disrespect to the Protestants. I just, I I have seen that already. And it, it feels good. I feel like I am in fact home. Lucy writes huge respect for what you do here. God blessed you and your family men needed. Now with Patrick Carlin writes, what can we do more to prosecute all these liars in public?


I'm tired of 'em getting away with it over and over. No, any good lawyers? Well, I think that we absolutely, one thing that needs to happen is New York Times versus Sullivan, send it back up. Send it back to the Supreme Court because I, I cannot believe that you are literally allowed to lie about public figures. This is a struggle that I face. They can literally lie. They can't do this in the uk. So I don't face the same smears and the the same attacks. And if they do do it and you instantly send 'em a letter, they change the article quickly because they have defamation laws that are strong. But in America it's just a free for all. You can lie, you can say whatever you want about someone. And of course they know that people just believe everything that's in print. It's awful. We, we absolutely must reverse the New York Times versus Sullivan decision.


Alicia writes the Beyonce stunt at the DNC. It's just a preview of how Kamala will do as potus. Yes, I totally agree. King Lala Bella writes the key run of gas narrates the story of the Queen of Shiva's visit to King Solomon and the Ark of the Covenants migration to Ethiopia. Thank you for that. Sarah writes, Candace needs to sue everybody I know, man, if I had unlimited funds, I would just sue everyone. Like I would just be out here sitting back and just sue. I'm like, I'm gonna sue you. I'm gonna sue you. I'm just gonna be the most litigious person ever. But honestly, when you do that, it boggles you down as well. And the best, honestly the best revenge of these reporters hate more than legal letters is just happiness. They hate happiness and they hate success.


They hate knowing that it didn't work. And. so them seeing the success of the show this week, more views and I think we've ever gotten over the past two weeks, that will drive them crazier than keeping 'em in a courtroom for something that they know they're never gonna get punished for in the end. Because of New York Times versus Su su Sullivan. Pardon me, this person writes, I wish people would not normalize Zionism. I personally just wish people would be willing to debate it. you know, you get some Zionists who do like Dennis p prayer. That's why I always throw him a compliment because he's a Zionist and he's level-headed and he wants to bring people to his side by debating his ideas. But I do find that there is a large contingent that is quite censorious, like You know radical and like If, you don't agree with me?


I wanna shut down your speech. I'm gonna send You know 3 3500 le letters to where you're due to speak and try to harass people into canceling you. That's not good. That's, that's definitely not gonna bring people over to your side. Ash Shara writes Canice, she looked really beautiful today. Thank you Ashhar. Cynthia writes, I love you, CandaceOwens been following you forever. My dad wants you as Trump's vp or Bradley writes, talk to Southern lo Lauren Southern about her experience with Australia. I do believe that her visa did get denied, which is wild. Like if you're not a criminal, how does that happen? It's, it's difficult for me to comprehend that as an American RM and L writes with all the respect candidates. You look great today watching from work again. Do you think that they will rig the election again this year? Funny I did. Thank you for the compliment. I did have my first radio interview with Australia and New Zealand yesterday and both times they said, do you think Trump's gonna win?


And I said, I think the majority of Americans are just wondering whether or not we have legitimate elections. We don't even wanna get into the game of prognostications 'cause we don't know that the issues of the last election have been resolved. Just like mailing in a ballot to everybody. And So, I, I totally agree with you. Leah writes, will you please have Dennis p on? I love you both and I would love to hear two brilliant mind minds speak rationally to get together. I totally think that we should absolutely do that. Without question, have Leah on jumping into the live, live chat you have, what do we have going on? Basketball friends? Very disappointed. You don't respect Nick. Yeah, I saw this people tagging me saying that you don't respect Nick. don don't even don don't even know what the genesis of this is.


Like what are we talking about? You don't respect Nick Fuentes. Where is this even coming from? People saying, will you have Nick Fuentes on YouTube? Every single person in the world knows that my show is on YouTube. Nick Fuentes is banned from YouTube. Like he's not allowed to be on YouTube. You will get a strike. If, you were on YouTube. So you're asking me to have a conversation with Nick Fuentes, put it up on a, a different platform that I'm not on just because you, you want me to have a conversation with him and then saying out of respect, nothing. Okay, two sided this that drive me crazy. I get very annoyed when I'm on like peers Morgan. And then they ask me like, do you disavow Nick Fuentes? Right? Because I didn't make a vow to Nick Fuentes. Nick Fuentes is not my husband. It's, it's this leftist tactic of like trying to get people to disavow an entire human being rather than to simply say what I don't agree with.


That's why don don't engage it. I've never done it. I think it's stupid. If you, I say If, you have a statement that Nick Fuentes has said, and you wanna ask me if I agree with it, I will say yes or no, but you're not gonna get me to play your little leftist game, which is really just cancel culture and you guys do it all the time. But on the other side of that, this like weird kind of like, have you paid your respects? It's the same thing. Like I have always been an honest person. I communicate exactly what it is that I think exactly what it is that I am going through. I have no vows to any person, but my husband, plain and simple and So I have said several times, there was a single person that I would not have a conversation with. Actually there's one, I'm thinking about one person. I'm not gonna say the person's name because I just think the person is just always trolling. But I would not not have a conversation with any other person in the world.


And by saying like, you have to have a conversation. Like the vibes of that are weird. And I told you guys yesterday, like, I don't understand and I haven't looked into like these attacks on Dave Smith. I absolutely love Dave Smith and I wanna work with Dave Smith more on kind of learning history, you know, and he, he seems to be a great resource of history and he's been very courageous in standing up to the Zionist lobby or I say the radical Zionist and attack him all the time and tell him that he's not Jewish. So I. It just feels like one of these things where I'm just, I'm not, not sure if all this is about. So I'm happy to read your comments and read your assessments of what that is. But I, I see that popping up and I'm, I'm just not sure where it's coming from to be honest with you.


This person writes, I'm a Catholic, but I think of going to, oops, I'm sorry. It just completely went away. Oh, going to a Protestant evangelical church next Catholicism doesn't seem to be for me. that is totally, you know, everybody is on their own faith journey. I always hope that people end up back into the one holy apostolic church. But I try not to be a pusher of it. But you better be Catholic. Catholic gang gang. That's where it's at. All Right guys, that's the end of the week. It's been a tremendous week. I thank you guys so much, If, you'd like to support this show. Head to locals.com. Give whatever it is that you can give No pressure. If you can't, I always say just keep praying 'cause I, I'm, I am convinced that the prayers have kept me safe This long If, you wanna support the show by buying something head to Club Candace dot com.


You can buy a T-shirt, you can buy a Stanis Cup. And I just want to again, thank you guys because I would not be here without you. We'll see you next week.