
All Right guys. So we previously told you that there is a journalist, an accomplished journalist named Yoichi Clark Shiatsu, formerly the editor of the Japan Times, who made some stunning claims about Kamala Harris and her late mother, Shamala Golin as a graduate of Berkeley University Clark, as he prefers to be called, ran in the same circles as them. And he claims a Kamala's mother was a part of the CIA's MK Ultra Program. A psychopathic, sadistic program that ran throughout the sixties probably is still running today, in which Americans and even government agents alike, were drugged and sometimes murdered with the aim of brainwashing the masses. Clark also claims rather stunningly that Kamala Harris was previously married to a wealthy Canadian, a marriage, which her connections to the deep state have gone through great pains to delete from public record.


So is he telling the truth? Well, I'll let you decide, because today we welcome him onto the show. Welcome back to Candace. Okay, Yoichi Clark, it is an honor to have you join the show today. I'm just gonna let guests know that you are joining by audio because you are in a very remote area, but welcome to the Candace show. Well, thank you very much. Very glad. You know, I'm a rather minor character in this border drama right now, and I'm afraid communication's where I am are really, they've been tampered with because of the border situation.


You know, it's just, it's terrible down here. So, well, you might, you might be a minor character down there, but you're definitely a major character on my podcast right now. You know, we have just been crawling through Kamala's background and her history. I'm sure you're very aware of that. And we did come across your piece, which was quite fascinating for a lot of reasons. You know, you had mentioned a previous marriage that Kamala had. You had mentioned the MK Ultra Program. I would like to just start with Kamala's mother and speak about the MK Ultra Program because it's actually a program that I have been speaking about at length on the podcast this year that I've been asking Americans and the world to really familiarize themselves with.


So can you just let us know how it is that you are familiar with Shamala Golin Kamala's mother's work and what it is that you know about her police? Well, I'm sort of a contemporary of her, theirs in the ley area. I worked at a news service in San Francisco, Pacific News Service, And so very familiar with the characters there where she lived, of the foreign student population at and I, I did attend the journalism school, the Graduate School of Journalism at Berkeley. So this is all familiar ground for me. Kamala was a prosecutor later when, You know, she was in, she was behind the incarceration of like hundreds and, You know, probably thousands of young black juvenile language.


Yeah, there was young kids, but they would be, you have to understand situation. Then the older guys who were running the drug trade for the cartel at the schools, they were forcibly recruit these young guys and she was just slamming them into prison. They was just horrible. And that's one reason why a lot of black men refused to vote for her. Now, she, you know, just that one, one-sided treatment while she let all the major cartel figures walk or just warned them, get outta here 'cause the cops are trying to rescue you. So she was in the thick of it. She was the girlfriend of Willie Brown, who was a lawyer because he had a law office for the cartel, literal, he became mayor and a state senate, a senate state senator.


But she was just in the dirty business. And one of my best friends in protege, Jeff Occi, died mysteriously. Yes. Let's actually, let's actually speak about that. So you have a young friend and your protege named Jeff Occi and the first time that I had come across his name was in your piece and I did do a little bit of research and it, it, it is a fact that he did die rather mysteriously. And I think it would be fair to say that he was a contender of Willie Brown's office. Willie Brown was running somebody against him. Definitely made enemies, I would say, of the Democrat elite class in San Francisco. So could you just inform my readers a little bit more about Jeff Occi?


The, the thing thing was at Bolt Hall and as a contemporary, Kamala Kamala, he was a straight A student and she was a, they were gonna check her out because her grades were so bad and they didn't think she'd make the law, you know, or she's never been a good speaker. And he was appointed to be her tutor. Oh. And got her through both to get her degree. Later on, she was hired to be public prosecutor. And strangely enough, he was a public defender and he set up this huge program in which a lot of people really, you know, like a lot of parents in the Western edition and in the Fillmore, those were brought districts were really enthusiastic 'cause he was getting the kids out of prison.


He really hardcore prisons and getting into special ed programs, educational programs, work study programs, and straightening them out and hundreds of kids. And, and so the community was overjoyed. And then one day he was found dead in his apartment and they made all kinds of things that, oh yeah, this affair with his Russian woman as if she had killed 'em. But no, she was just a visitor in town. He had gone over visitor and chat with her. And then the autopsy was also the first one said, oh, he was died of all these drugs. A second autopsy showed 'em to be clean. Hmm. So this was just a major, I hate to use the word conspiracy, but that was a conspiracy about his murder to eliminate the guy who was, who knew too much about Kamala had opposed her treatment of young people.


And they often basically, Hmm, well you're not, you're on the right program to talk about conspiracies. I'll tell you that for free. One of the things that I've noted is that it does seem that part of this, If you wanna call it a cabal, call it a mafia, one thing that they understand is to make sure that they control the medical examiner's office. And I don't think that there's any, any person in the entire world who would doubt that now, especially following Covid, that there, that medical examiner offices are polluted with politics. And yes, if you're listening to this, you should look into the Jeff Adache story. There's no question you, you have a young person who has his entire life ahead of him. He dies rather suspiciously. And then the media starts throwing out all of these theories, which is, which is what they tend to do.


They create a bunch of theories that it confuses the masses and they look everywhere but where they should be looking. Now, I did not realize that he had helped Kamala in the past. I did not realize that they had a relationship. But you would Not have gone into law without his, you know, guidance and really attention. And it took a lot of time away from him. He was not a rich person. His father was an automobile mechanic. He worked his way through school. I mean, and he was, and as a straight aid student, that was just a mate, really nice kid. He helped me out a lot with the Southeast Asian refugees following the vie Vietnam War when they were banned from coming to the US And I was dealing with a flood of them and needed some legal help.


'cause we were lobbying Congress and Jeff just stepped right forward, took care of it. And really great kid. He didn't drink, didn't smoke dough. He really clean kid, you know, we would go to bars in Ja Japan town, good singer at karaoke. But he didn't drink a drop. He was just a totally nice kid, you know, all American. And just, what was the year by the way, in which he passed or, or around about That was In the, I think he died in early nineties. That was by then in Japan. I had been hired after the San Francisco earthquake paint paper, Japan. So I took off and I didn't hear about his death from my friends, you know, because they were so tied up with it.


And it was only much later that I found, I heard, I heard it, I said, what happened to Jeff? And he says, oh, didn't you hear, you know, he died, you know, and then, What is It? It was a funny shock to me. And there was nothing I could do it at the beginning. So it took me a long time to catch up with Kamala on this one. Okay. So what is it about Kamala that Jeff ACI knew that you believe would have created some conflict for her? The, the cartel connection? Yeah. Yeah. It, it is. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't mafia, you know, it wasn't conspiracy. It was a cartel. She was an agent of the cartel. And I know other stories too about members of that, you know, when San Francisco was very close circle, it's not a large city.


Right? We heard, we, we heard the same thing from judge. No One knew every, everything else. And no one really wanted to talk except me. I worked at the Pacific News Service and I break these stories, but even they were scared to take, to take on the cartel. Very interesting. And you know, I did recently speak to Judge Joe Brown, and he kind of intimated the same, that she was definitely involved in a lot of dirty politicking and especially Willie Brown as well. And you mentioned Willie Brown in your piece and his connection, which you allegedly had to the cartel. Could you expand on that please? Yeah, well he was from West Texas. He was one of the, there's a lot of, in California, a lot of immigrants from West Texas. You know, when the cattle industry wasn't, the ranching industry wasn't doing well, they migrated west.


He got a law degree, You know, I believe in San Francisco. And he, his contact with a cartel was very, very early on. They probably helped him get his law degree. I remember one time he knew me, you know, we were going to a public event, you know, was sort of like a carnival that there was gonna be some speeches that, that, and I was walking toward that with my girlfriend, and then he comes running, walking right behind me, grabs me by the left arm and squeezes my alarm as hard as he can. But you, you have to understand, I I used to be a steelwork, a welder. I worked all kinds of jobs earlier in my life. So I was tough, his nails. And once he felt my muscles flexing, flexing, he opened his hand up and just walked past me past his hell, sort of in, in humiliation.


You know, they couldn't intimidate me. Wow. That's the kind guy he was. Wow. Unbelievable. You, you hear these stories. He, He, he was a very threatening fellow and he knows me when I talked about the, another girlfriend is, you know, of him is London Bre. She's a mayor of San Francisco. And the first thing she does for homeless people is a welcome wagon is give 'em a pack of syringes and bottled heroin of of heroin to inject. Wow. This is not a joke. You know, this is what they're doing there. Mm. And, And so working on behalf of the cartel, and we heard from Judge Joe Brown last week also that while she was in power in San Francisco, that she worked to help George Soros essentially legal, commit legal theft by protecting one of his companies.


And so we're hearing over and over again that essentially she was given power to make sure that the elites are allowed to continue these various illegal trades that they're participating in. And you seem to confirm that I do wanna, sh San San Francisco was one run by basically the Jewish mafia. You know, Diane Feinstein, she was born a Catholic and went to Catholic girls school, but she married a Jewish guy and then just flipped over. And then, and I knew, and the Jews were behind the drug industry there. I remember visiting the Hallow one, 'cause a friend told me, oh, we gotta go over there and visit this guy. And we went there and sure, yeah.


He was the biggest dope dealer distributor in San Francisco. He ran a garage, a big, the big public garage in the middle of the city where was a lot money laundering. He was there right there, seamless about it, counting the cash at his little desk while his wife jumped on me and started rubbing her boobs on my face. You know, who was this, these, I forget his name. He was, he was the major money launderer for the cartel. And he, the laundry was this huge public garage that everyone in San Francisco to park there. 'cause a very bad city had to use just this like six story garage, you know. And then he lived on Boat Hill there and a big mansion.


And I was just invited there by a friend and You know, we, we were smoking some weed and he was saying, you know, this is the greatest era in American history because the heroes like, what's his name? The head of Microsoft. The head of Microsoft. Bill Gates. Bill Gates, yeah. He's a giant of American industry. And I said, this guy's out of his mind, you know, ain't smoking too much. He's smoking, you know, too much of the product that he's been selling, you know, so, wow. Well It's, this is your, this are the, he was very core to the whole Jewish lawyers, but more important, the real estate industry. 'cause that's why they arrest. I had all the young boys arrested.


They clear out the western edition 'cause they wanted put up nice cute little apartments and cottages for the gates coming in from all over country. 'cause they figured it own, most of it are come from rich families. They live like five to a house, to a building, share it quarters. And they're gonna die of aids, you know, within the next six years. So the house would be up for real estate again. Wow. It didn't too any cynical. It is like, this is like a Dracula movie, you know, and it's, it's something outta this world. And this was America's most liberal city.


All Right guys. The media has dubbed this the abortion election. We have to stand up to this evil. When you join forces with Preborn, the largest pro-life organization in the nation, you are protecting the greatest victims in our society. Babies in their mother's wombs, Preborn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the nation. And they have rescued over 300,000 babies. When a woman considering abortion searches to end her baby's life, Preborn is there. Preborn gives these women in need of free ultrasound. The power of hearing a heartbeat on an ultrasound combined with God's love doubles a baby's chance at life. One ultrasound costs just $28 and up to five ultrasounds are $140. Any gift will help their cause. And all gifts are tax deductible. To donate securely, just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to Preborn dot com slash Candace. That's Preborn dot com slash Candace.


Yeah. And it, it's just, it's like I said, it's stunning because we had Judge Joe Brown on here and he's confirming all the same things. You know, he was speaking about Martin Luther King's assassination. He was speaking about, You know, how the government had a hand in that. And it is, I think for a lot of people who about a mil over a million people, I think a million and a half people have watched that episode and they said, I feel like I'm learning American history for the first time. Because you learn in your textbooks that everything was just above, above board. And America has just been this great country. And you know, it's very stunning to hear from people who grew up in these various cities about, you know, mafia related crimes, talking about drugs, talking about the corruption of Kamala Harris and how she was in the weeds on this.


And quite terrifying knowing that she is trying to be elected as the President of the United States. I do wanna shift gears and talk about her mother, because I was quite stunned by your assertion that she was involved in the MK Ultra program. And yet that to me seemed to be the only thing that made sense because she seemed to be sort of infiltrating the civil rights movement. And I'm going, what is this alleged brilliant scientist doing, you know, constantly involving herself in civil rights protests and making friends with these individuals. And because I'm well read on the MK Ultra Program, I I recognize the connection there.


Can you speak about what she did or what, what you are alleging she did? Yeah. Well, the, the first, though, force base, I understand it, the, the Pollen clan, they were like clerks, judges, spies with a British, when India was a British colony. And Ms. Kabalan was born when there was still a British colony. So the rest of the country was up in arms fighting against the British. But they were very, very loyal to the British intelligence service and police service in India. So this is how they all got ahead, like catering to, to the British.


And that enabled Chya Mongo pollen when she was, after she got her degree in Ra India to and uc, Berkeley, which was, is not the cheapest school in the univers Northern California, the, a really inexpensive place to go. So it's one of the most expensive place. I know I went still there. It was, it is very expensive. There. She got, she worked at the monkey lab there, she was into, it's a real strange combination of psychiatrist, psychology and senior in studies in zoology. Okay. And she was a expert, you know, trainee monkeys and all that. And Mudras is an area, her hometown where there's a lot of monkeys running around the Hindu temples and all that.


And so she's very familiar and very good with them. And she ran the theory that of, and this was a time of King Goodall. There's this huge boom of women who work with apes. Okay? They, there were ape programs set up all across the United States and England and Europe. Other, the excitement of the Goodall story, you know, news stories and Goodall were treating apes. The monkey children is sort of like human children and getting some very, very good responses attaining them. Right? So she was of that school. Now, what happened while she was at uc, Berkeley, she, after she got her degree, she moved out of, of Berkeley and took her two kids and divorce her husband, this guy Harris, Donald Harris, who was, well at the time he was in biology.


Then he went into law, divorced him and moved to San Francisco and did nothing for two years. He waited two years while her application was in to a hospital in Montreal. So this, this, this was the Jewish hospital in Montreal Okay. That she applied to. Yes. That's where she eventually did work. Yeah. She, she was eventually employed there Process, because they had to check all your background, everything, every little detail about, about her. And this is because the very famous psychiatrist who really got the MK Ultra program on you and Cameron.


You and Cameron, he was a Scottish guy, a pedophile. And he was a torturer. You know, he was, he used all sorts of drugs on victims of that program. He passed away and there was like an eight, six, about seven to eight year hiatus where his program was shut down. 'cause there was no one in charge. And they had to move the program because congress, there was a secret, not so secret. There was an investigation in Congress about MK Ultra. So the heat was on, in, on the Canadians. The UN cameras lab was in Montreal. Okay. So there was, the heat was on the Canadians that passed out. So they shut that lab down.


That is a Allen is a infamous Allen lab. And then they wanted to set up another center also connected to the university of, of, of university there, Montreal. They had to have that certification. And in the meanwhile, they were trying to find the new director to take over from 'em. And they finally, she finally got the call, they brought her over and they set her up with another one at the Jewish hospital annex. And she took charge of the month, not only the month that she took charge the, the patient care ward.


Oh wow. It was a small patient care ward psych, because that hospital, Jewish Memorial had a psychiatric clinic also. So she worked as a psych psychiatrist there in a very small division, which became the new, the center for the Rev revived MK Ultra Program. Okay. So this is, I'm just gonna ask a question here. So I did not realize that the person who started the program was a psychologist named Cameroon. I was under the impression that the person, you and Cameron Cameron, you and Cameron, yeah. I was under the impression that it was Dr. Sidney Gottlieb, who, Oh, no, no, no, no. Okay. Sidney Gottlieb was a golfer.


He was applied, he wasn't into research. Okay. He just applied everything Cam Cameron had developed. Okay. Use of drugs, hypnotism, you know, light deprivation, all of those nasty techniques to destroy a human's human willpower. Wow. Wow. Capture their brain. Godly is a famous one, and everyone thinks MK Ultra is basically American tech. You know, it came outta London. It came outta a Tavistock Institute of Sigmund Freud. Yes. In The World War Ii. I am just so shocked that you are bringing this up because I got into a lot of trouble with the media for discussing Sigmund Freud at length. And I've been doing it on this podcast. It's super important for people to learn the truth about him.


That he was a person who created a method of psychology, essentially to gaslight people who were in fact being molested by their own parents, you know? And that he, he, that's why he was obsessed with children and sex. And it's shocking Yeah. That we learned that he's a hero in psychology. And it's just very important for people to learn the truth about him because psychology is then, his family is then what bred propaganda that would be the Bernas family. And Edward Bernas, and you are correct, this, this all fits right into the MK Ultra program, which was designed to see how you could break down someone's will, how you could hypnotize them. We spoke at length on this show about how the Charles Manson murders, that was actually the CIA and everything that the public thinks they know about that same areas as you're talking about San Francisco, California.


You know, these are federal agents that were obsessed with learning how to hypnotize the public, how to destroy people's will. And a big part of that was molestation. And Sigmund Freud had in fact written pieces about how, You know, molesting someone when they are a child, sodomizing, they were interested in exploring how they could create psychopaths. That, that's also another element of these programs and psychology. And I think it's hard for people to come to terms with how evil that is. And you're now saying that Shamala got the call and she then took a part in this program of testing patients.


Military intelligence created this, you know, the brainwashing techniques they developed, obviously massively during World War ii because they, they, they, they tried to use that against the enemy, German allies And so on, and reluctant the German enemy, and also against reluctant allies. They tried to use mind control techniques. But after the war, I think it was in the late 1940s of seven or 1946, between 1946 and 9 19 48, the British military created the Tavistock Institute, which is on Tavistock Square in London.


Sigmund Floyd himself flew over from Switzerland to London to cut the opening ribbon. And then he assigned one of his sons to be the director of the place. He, you know, he was right behind. He was the main psychiatrist, his Family. Yes. I'm familiar with Tavistock. There are, are there is also some indication that even the Beatles and music look has come out of Tavistock University and how it could transform Yeah. Modifying human behavior. Yeah. That craziest album Yep. Is all about mind control. Right? That's exactly right. And So then what happened as the conser, as the, this came under some parliamentary review there some complaints.


So they decided to move the core of the program to Montreal for a British colony close to the United States for good, for contact. And sort of outta the way who ever suspect that this Dar genius program is going on in beautiful, wonderful, forested Canada. Right. Wow. And the French and the French part of Canada too, too. Who ever suspect that? And they could use the French as Guinea pigs, right? Yeah. Now, when Shamala came in, there was concern about the British colonies. And so Shamala was more adapting this to the colonial subjects, not just the Caucasian people.


And so they sent over a British disin info agent Hardy l Baes. He was a charact. I've actually been to one of his speech. The case was, he was very intelligent, perfect English, but obviously there was something touched about his brain. And then he created the Communist party. Marxist Leninist, okay. Of Canada. Okay. It's the only communist party in Canada. And really evil character. Okay. And the patients that Shamala was producing for very convenient, both the Indians, he was a Sikh sma, but very independent of the Sikh movement.


He was not part of the Sikh liberation movement. Him and Shamala were co we call conspirators, I guess you call 'em. She would give him her patients, the young ones especially. They were, they were focusing on younger people. They thought older people were not great subjects for this program. You use young guys who put out of, out of orphanages outta prisons And so on. Juvenile de detention. He put them with hard out and he did this thing called the living Statues. Okay. He would, I, I saw one, I, I know on it was, I think it was a July 4th weekend I was off.


I had a lot of jobs in New York, but July 4th, I was my rare three day, four day holiday. I took off with a bunch of friends and the kid and the ones, the Canadian guy who wanted to go home. We drove up there all night. And in the morning as we approached Montreal, we saw the human statues, you know, on the road. So we slowed down and stop got out. My friends were pretty rowdy and been drinking beer all night. Walked up to these guys. They're the guys, You know, guys and women, you know, girls, guys and girls. They were all in these revolutionary poses. Po you know, like Russian revolutionary with some, with their fists up or they're holding up a stick like it's a gun and all that. Right On a public road. Okay.


A major highway. Not, not a highway, not a major highway, but a highway. We got out, my friends walk up to 'em and start, say boom, you know, try to get them into the fronter to width. They wouldn't moving all, you know, there's not, they, the throw on said, and one guy wanted to poke one in me. I said, better not do that man. If You know, you could be sued If you, You know, aren't your guys' eye. And then, and then we all got spooked at once. They said, this is really, really, really weird. We gotta get outta here fast weekend. So we jumped back in the car and no, went to Montreal for basically a weekend, bash what turned out to be a total bust. Bust. And, and So I got a glimpse of the living statues program.


This was later applied to the Vietnam War. Okay. Soon thereafter, they, they, the CIA recruited two oh recruited, they, they just put together a group of 200 co special combatants to helicopter into the Ho Chi Minh Trail into Cambodia and Laos. 'cause they were as illegal to fight war. Then each guy as a loner would be dropped off that helicopter. He could run like up to four 10, you know, some endlessly, these are really mind controlled people. They would hide behind the tree truck, like up to two or three days to await the person there.


The, the officer there is supposed to shoot to kill. Oh, without going to the toilet, without batting their eyelashes. And in that same frozen pose, and then with some sort of timer they had, I have no idea. The timer would put him awake, warning them that the guy's coming down the road, they take a shot at 'em, kill them, and they're run like hell. Now, out that program of 200 only, there were only 12 survivors Wow. To 30 dozen. Oh, we called them. They got back to the United States. The army flew 'em back. They were they all at the CIA headquarters together, and CI said, we don't know what the hell you're talking about.


You know, we know who you are. You know, you're lying. And kicked them out nice. And they became sort of a motorcycle gang in North Dakota and Western Colorado. And I, I knew I, I met one of them, You know, So I knew, I knew the backstory of this. He was a Canadian Indian, Wow. This is There at Shamala facility, right when he was a kid. When he is young at teenage,


Do you think You know who will win the presidential election or how many seats Democrats, Republicans will win in the house or Senate? Well, there's a legal financial exchange that lets you trade or bet on the outcome of these elections. And it's called Calci. Calci went to court against the Biden administration and won legal approval for election betting for the first time in over 100 years. They have markets on who will win the presidential election, who will control the House and Senate, who will win swing states and more. Calci is already being used by hundreds of thousands of people and has facilitated over a billion dollars worth of trades. What's cool about the platform is that you can trade on your opinions to make money or hedge your political risks. You can also check the market odds to see who is more likely to win at any given time. Right now, the odds are near 58 42. Not surprisingly, Trump is up big. The election markets are now live to trade. They are the first regulated place where you can do this. Right now, when you sign up at calci.com/ Candace, the first 500 traders who deposit $100 will get a free $20 credit. That's calci.com/ Candace.


So I'll tell you what spooks me about what you're saying. First and foremost, the more that I have dug into her genealogy, there are a couple of aspects there that are fitting a little too perfectly with what you're telling me. Realizing that her family was involved in the slave trade, that they were involved in Freemasonry. That for whatever reason she's trying to make everyone believe she's every ethnicity. But what she is, which we have been able to determine from Kamala's family who have been very forthcoming and don't support what she's doing. Some people in her family have told us, look, we're we're Syrian Jews. I don't know why she's hiding this fact. And then some of her family members who are Jewish and Canada said the exact same thing. Like, we all feel like she's trying to hide the Jewish aspect, which is quite strange.


The other thing that alarms me about what you're saying though, is for Shalah to engage in this and to engage in what can only be described as program, as human torture, to see If you could basically set a human being to blank black instead of human being two zero, and fill them with whatever you wanted to do, turn them into robots. And there is an aspect of Kamala that feels as though she herself has been brainwashed. And I vividly recall her relative, who I spoke to saying that far from the depictions of her relationship with her mother that she gives to the public today, her mother was militant, is what he said. Her mother was absolutely militant with her children.


And she now makes it seem as though she had this flowery childhood. So you have this woman who for work, is engaging in this psychiatric torture of citizens from around the world. And then you hear from her family member that she was militant with her children. And then I watch Kamala's behavior today, and it seems like she is a blank slate in which she allows every personality to fill. Like, she can be Jamaican yesterday, she can be Hispanic tomorrow, she can act like a black preacher as she's just done. And that terrifies me in a sense. It's almost as though Kamala herself has been brainwashed. What do you think about that?


Oh, absolutely was, you gotta understand, you know, you got, see, her mother had to take care of these patients. They're her treasure. They're, you know, that's, that's her ride. You know, that's her income. She was able to buy a house with all that and you know, pretty damn good house and mark you off. But her problem is she couldn't take care of her daughters. She's so much with the patients. So she had to regimen them and she did. But the techniques that she knew, you know, and yeah, they were basically MK ultra light, let's say MK Ultra light, the, the whole treatment. Okay. Yeah. And that accounts for weird speech patterns or you know, her sort of bizarre eye movements and body movements or Turkey stuff that is straight, like these MK Ultra guys that you will meet, You know, like the, like the, that one super soldier I met, you know, he would these perfectly normal over beer and suddenly you go into his crazy jerky fits where it could be dangerous, he could kill you.


You know? So, so, you know, that's, that's basically the same as Kamala. Again, she had a lighter version of it that she, not the whole hog, you know, didn't send her, they didn't send her to Syria, you know, to kill a bunch of s or anything. But, you know, she has definitely been touched by that. And her sister also, she was another one, Maya, she was one of the three main campaign advisors to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. Right. So they were placed there sort of as controllers and look at Hallelu what happened to her, you know, from a sort of a goofy person into a robotic person.


Right. Same thing. The program continued and her sister was the minder. You know, she had been through the program and somehow they got Hillary into the program, Scary stuff, what they were doing, you know? Yeah. And, and, and the, and the Scary stuff is after the, that program in Montreal and the congressional investigation in the, in the USA by Congress, the whole thing disappeared off the face of the earth. We didn't even, we didn't get these glimmers after that, you know, we know that the, that that big Seattle anti World trade organization protest by the labor union.


And my ex-wife was a member of the Culinary Workers Union in San Francisco. She was up there. She said, oh, a bunch of these crazy guys from Canada wearing masks. There were these small short guys and then these good tall guys came throwing rocks at us, you know, building rocks at us like crazy guys. And the one of the tall, tall guys watch, and I told her back then, oh, those are some of some MK Ultra patients. And the tall guys are the RCMP, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, keeping an eye on them. That's just unbelievable. And it's funny that you bring up her sister In the late eighties. So the program cranked on, and, but they, they found in instead just murdering people, probably this Black Lives Matter thing also, you, you had all these weird, very weird people coming in and starting a lot of trouble, you know, violence Oh, yeah.


Where Muslim protestors were of, they're just laid back hippies, you know? Yeah. So I think that was another MK operation too. Oh. Especially when the rioting was going on. You know, it was, was it four days rioting or something? Burned up properties, killed a bunch of people. Oh. There was no question that that was a fed operation. I mean, when I observed it, it was, it had all of the aspects plea Is plea is you look at Portland, Oregon, and you look and Minneapolis close to the Canadian border, close to the Canadian border for these operatives to come down. Wow. Fascinating. Yeah. And it was just amazing. The police just couldn't arrest these people. They just couldn't make it happen. But then Jan, January 6th, they're suddenly able to identify every single person who attended.


And so you, you really understood that the government was, was involved. 'cause when they want to capture people, they certainly do. And when they don't, they certainly don't. And it's interesting you bring up her sister Maya, because very recently I was able to determine how strange it is that her daughter, which is a, a young woman named Mina Harris, has no father. And what I mean by that, and we, and we just keep seeing this happen, is that she had a child, allegedly when she was a teenager, and there's no father on the birth certificate, and nobody knows who the father is. And we have been kind of obsessed with on this podcast, with this recent recognition that it appears as though they're breeding politicians. They all have this very shady background. Everything you're speaking about reminds me of the Emmanuel Macron upbringing and his story and all of the strange aspects.


And he's married to a person who lived as a man for 30 years. And their, the entire state is colluding to gaslight the public on this fact. Despite all of the evidence to the contrary, all of the evidence pointing to the fact that Emmanuel Macron is married to a man who at, at, at best created committed statutory rape against him when he was a teenager. And so we're seeing this program sort of writ large across society, and it's difficult to communicate to people who are still asleep and who still hold this faith that, you know, this process that's happening is a above board and democratic, and that we're, we're truly a republic. And not that there is sort of this hand that is maneuvering behind the scenes to elect certain politicians to essentially f fulfill their, their sadistic aims.


You are absolutely right. It's frank in politics is what it is. You know, we've got a bunch of brain dead maniacs taking orders and you wonder what they did to Joe Biden. You know, he's so dependent on his teleprompter and that whatever wire, the wire they've got inside of him, that they, they seem to be able to take all sorts of people under. As far as Maya's kid. Well, it, it's Willie Brown's a pretty tough guy, man. So it could, it could be, You know, daddy Willie, you Know. Wow. You know, he's, Willie is alone in this like 20 story, 20 story apartment in San Francisco. Hmm. And he likes to pick the fruit.


Like I said, he likes to pick the containers, the next successful black female political hero outta San Francisco. Willie Brown's gotta put the, the put the tap on her. Oh My goodness. Surprising. It's Oh, goodo Uncle Willie. Yeah. I, I do wanna also ask you, by the way, since, since we're talking about Kamala and her relationships and this kind of open secret that, I mean there really is no other way to say it, but she slept her way to her position of power. It was handed power. This was not a meritocracy in San Francisco. This was whether you were in with the mafia or out with the mafia. But you had mentioned your piece that Kamala was previously married and that is rather explosive.


And you said that she was married to a Canadian Brit and that you remember seeing the marriage vividly about 10 years ago. I saw the article and Yeah, I always don, if I see Kamala in the news, I was taking note of it, but I was just reading it on an air, I think on an airplane or something. So I couldn't steal the magazine. And I read, you know, he, she married to a Canadian brick guy, happily married and living in Montreal, You know, and he had some business in Toronto also. Okay. Apparently their house was in mon Montreal. That's all I I remember of the thing. It was just something I read and I just had curiosity about. And I'm really good. I tear the page out and stuff in my shirt, you know, I should have done it.


Yeah. I I sometimes I'm just too honest. Mm. So it must have been a very quick marriage because then she very quickly thereafter married Doug Emh H Yeah. That's what was, and that struck me. And then Emh H's got daughters and the wife is still good and friends of Kamala, you know, like I said, because of the Jewish, he's a in so-called in film production Okay. Financing film production. But he doesn't have a list of films anywhere. Okay. His name's not on any billboard. So the question is, is, is that just a cover? Was that, you know, is San Francisco again?


Was that cover? Yes. Well, someone did tell me something off record about their relationship This way. If in fact, you know, she was still married and maybe still married to that Canadian businessman, she's probably a Canadian and a British citizen herself, which would make her ineligible to run for nation's highest office, you know? Yeah. We don't allow Brits to, to sit in the Oval Office, basically. Not since they burned down the White House. Well, No, we also don't allow Kenyans. But that's taken place in the past before I, I, yeah. It, it, it really is just incredible. Well, I'm gonna continue to see if we can find a trace of this. As I said, someone Yeah. The secret Elijah Kamala Harris.


Yeah. It's just fascinating. But it's also horrifying because I'm not, I don't, I'm not disgusted or hater or anything. It's just, she is just one of the last great products of MK Ultra. I mean, You know, so that's my interest. It's clinical, You know, that's it. Yeah.


The economy has been a major burden on the average American wages are flat, expenses are up, and it is very hard to manage to pay all of the bills without using credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today to my friends at American Financing. Interest rates are coming down and they're now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing net slash Owens.


And you know, it's funny that you say, because realizing how effective the MK Ultra program has been in creating various mass psychosis, and truly, you can see how the media is able to just say something, and therefore it is true. And people get into line, it modifies everyone's behavior To have a woman who never, ever made a claim that she was black all throughout her career, you know, and said she wasn't Indian, and then suddenly they, they, she doesn't even win. They just assert that this is the woman who's gonna be the front runner for the Democratic Party. And within two weeks they're suddenly doing interviews and she's talking about speaking about her black upbringing and drops a book to that effect. And to see the public just, or at least a, a too large, a portion of the public readily accept that is terrifying.


There's an element of that is terrifying, that people do not ordain to think for themselves or to question that narrative. It really shows you really the success of Sigmund Freud. And perhaps why they do celebrate him in the textbooks is because he, for the elites represents their, their, their ability to recognize that it is possible, it is possible to easily persuade the masses with enough insistence, insistence about virtually anything. And if we're being convinced about Kamala Harris and her black heritage and the struggle that she purports that she lived through when she was a child, then we we're ready to be convinced about anything I would say Would. Yeah. And, and there's the other weird coincidence is that her running mate, who is like the unlikely running mate, You know, Tim Walls, he, he, he, he's got rid of Minnesota.


Minnesota, right there on the Canadian border, and he was involved in counterfeit smuggling of train loads of money from ca from China. And he'd been in China 30 times. And if oddly I never saw him there. I, I wasn't the East Asia for 25 years, often went to Beijing, different Townsend, China, ro Beijing, all over the place. And never, I would've seen him sometime. I never saw him, you know, and, and I, I did a recent story just issued, I said recently about counterfeit, how the counterfeit dollar business went from Britain.


Britain shut it down because of the EU business, you know, the, all the other western eu, the EU currency, they created a commentary basically to stop the counterfeiting out of Britain and Holland in the Netherlands. Okay. So I talked to a top artist there, remand, his name was, he's the direct descendant of the remand van regime, the great world's greatest painter, basically interesting fellow. And after my call, they threw him in jail. But he told me all about the counterfeit trail from the Netherlands mafia. He said, we have the world's best engravers.


The British have the best inks and paper, we have the best engravers, you know, from that Azi Europe, now Europe. And then the money goes from the Netherlands to Indonesia, Jakarta. And I went there and they said, yeah, it's the, the lyrical military government approached all these Boeing airliners from this very corrupt as a representative who used to be the US ambassador to Thailand pedophile, basically. And from there, the airliners take to points in Asia and where it then crosses over to the U-S-A-U-S-A, but us is pretty tough on counterfeit, they get detected. So it goes to Canada.


They told me this, this is in Indonesia. Wow. Wow. So this is all part of Waltz's thing. And he's another bizarre figure too. His father was a psycho, you know, 'cause he was in the Korean War and had all these nightmare to beat his kid, beat his wife. Wow. So Tim was traumatized and found his shelter. His home is like alter parentage was, he felt that the Chinese communist party is my dad is my mother, you know, this is what, this is how he thought. And so he is been a long-term agent. And 25 years, I never saw him at any of the hangouts or anything like that, or on the train or playing or anything. And China, I said, that's really, really odd.


He must be at one of the party party camps. You know, you must be. So, so that's the counterfeit, the whole counterfeit, because I'm better aware because I, I live down near the Mexican border and I've had money seized here. Everyone here along the border has lot, usually $20 bills and fifties, they don't even check the ones. But the 20 and fifties, everyone has had money. Ated. There's so much counterfeit down here. And this is from the Tim Waltz Chinese network, you know, undermining the US currency. So This is unbelievable That it's also in illegal with the cartel. They're all allied with the cartel. And that, that's why Donald Trump, he remember he shut down the Chinese consulate in Houston.


So this whole house, southwest area is flooded with counterfeit, you know, and it's really because when the bank, they, they, you know, you go to a bank and I'm like, Wells Fargo, You know, you say, you know, here's a pack of twenties. So I wanted to deposit this in my account, you know, I got some bills to pay. Tell her, we'll run it through a machine. And then she will, without saying a word, go to the back room, come back out and say, well, you're, you're, you know, your, your deposit is $180. I said, I gave you $200. She says, you gave me $180 or real money. Wow. Wow. That's how it goes down. This is widespread down here. There's not a family here who hasn't lost money 'cause of counterfeit.


That's just incredible. Yeah. That is really incredible. And it's, like I said, fascinating because it's almost the only thing that makes sense when you speak about Kamala Harris and all of these odd aspects in her, of her behavior, of the things that she seems to be hiding about her family lineage. I mean, how, how much of a psychopath do you have to be to know that you descend from the very people who enslaved black Americans, enslaved black Africans, pardon me, in Jamaica. And by the way, brutal. Hamilton Brown was absolutely brutal, really fought for the right to, to whip them and to be able to abuse them then intimately involve themselves when the slave trade ended involve themselves into every layer of government. Then her family was involved in oil, standard oil down in Cuba.


And these are all the things that once you start looking, you, you, you see it's apparent. But to think that this woman can get up there and lie and feel nothing, you know, as she, as she then just takes on the character of somebody who is a descendant of slavery, should alarm everyone. It should alarm every single person to know that she lies and feels nothing really to me. Only a person who has been through some level of brainwashing. It would be capable of doing this. See, this is all possible. 'cause you gotta understand the relationship to near Eastern Jews, the Sasoon family who ran the opium trade in China, turned China into the sick man of Asia.


Nearly every Chinese was addicted. Remember that? And late 19th century. And so you have that near Eastern Jewish element combined with this Chinese financing of her campaign. Okay. And Shanghai, right. You know, I, I, you know, I, I'm very familiar with Shanghai and unfortunately I have very, very good media friends, you know, in China. One, in fact, one of 'em died recently who told me, you know, the Shanghai Party Committee, the most powerful group in China, they're not Phil Chinese, they're descendants of Chinese Jews, you know, of the opium, of the Sassoon's opium business.


Okay? So If you gotta understand that Chinese good old these Jewish collection to control the world's money and also to control the world's drugs, that's how you control the money. That's what the Harris Walls campaign is all about. There's no people behind it. Wow. Well, I can tell you that this conversation, this is not, This is not some small crime network. This is about global power. And what they're running now is that the United States is a sick man of the Americas. Yeah. We Are. To hell, you know, drug, just what they did to China to break Chinese power was a powerful empire that is really wealthy.


Right. That is my fear is that if she gets into power, it is game over lights off for America. And that's why I wanted to have you on the show and to speak about this today. Obviously you've given us so much information and it's going to send us down a million more rabbit holes. It gives me the confidence to know that the, the stuff that we have uncovered thus far is alarming. And that there are, like I said, Americans of every single race and background are realizing that there is something that very wrong with the Kamala Harris campaign of, of every religion is recognizing that there is something very wrong with the Kamala campaign. And it has been really a collaborative effort of everyone sending me information and tidbits and saying, Hey, I remember this about her. Like I said, even her own family who does not support this communist endeavor, I is raising alarms here and red flags and telling me things that she is saying that are just not true about their family.


And So, I hope for the people that are listening to this, that it further illuminates you. If you are listening to this police share this. We obviously are al already heading to the polls, and it's just important that we can notify as many people about Tim Walls, about Kamala Harris, about her true genealogy, about her true political aims and about her true upbringing as, as humanly possible. I do. Yohi Clark, I, I wanna thank you so much for joining us today. I appreciate your bravery. I appreciate your willingness to be condemned by the media, which you most certainly will be alongside me. But I believe that it's gonna take independent warriors for truth in order for everyone in the world to be awakened to what sorts of evil we are fighting, which I believe is just a, a small group of elite people who have amassed a lot of control through the media and through these sort of psychiatric programs of brainwash.


So Yohi Clark, thank you so much for joining us today. Yeah, it's been a pleasure. Thanks a lot. I appreciate It. Thank you. Alright. Right guys, well that is a lot to digest. So many things that I was not even aware of myself. So many more things that I now want to learn about to make sure that I am up to date on a lot of the history that has just been blatantly obscured from us all. Like I said, it is so important that we share these videos. If you are watching this right now, please hit the like and the subscribe button on YouTube. Hopefully we'll be able to hear from you. She Clarke in the future. As I said, we wanna get as much information out as possible before we head to the polls. Thanks for joining us. We will see you guys tomorrow.