
All Right. guys, you can stop everything because this is officially the only podcast that you need to listen to today. Yesterday I received an email from a woman all the way in New Zealand who decided to turn into Sherlock Holmes and fully dedicate herself to investigating Kamala Harris and all of these missing documents and all these questions. And what she uncovered is potentially so shocking, And so alarming that we can officially close the $1,000 bounty because she's earned it. I mean she's gonna receive the full one K 'cause this is now getting dark and twisted and my suspicions about Kamala Harris potentially pretending that the help was her family maybe have been confirmed.


I'm gonna let you guys judge, don't wanna get way ahead of myself, but do not go away and welcome back to Candace. I don't even know where we begin here. I mean I'm just shaken. So look, if you're just jumping into this, you gotta stop and you gotta go back to episodes and play catch up episode 70 and episode 71 because we're not going to do too much recapping here 'cause I wanna jump right into this. Basically someone came for Janet Jackson and I answered the door.


It was a discrepancy that was in Kamala's book, a woman that she said was her grandmother named Barrel, a picture of her and her grandmother Barrel. Here it is visiting my paternal grandmother Barrel in Jamaica. And then I did just a brief search online and found out that barrel allegedly died four years before Kamala was born. So that's a major red flag. Then I had a little bit of a gut instinct. The photos that were being presented of Kamala and her grandparents, great-grandmother and barrel. I just felt that the women or the woman, because I think they look remarkably alike, I just feel that maybe this woman was the help. And I'm not saying that because she's black, not racist against black people.


I am black. I'm saying this because there's just a lack of emotion there. Like don don't know if it's just my grandparent or when they're with you. They're like super cuddly and cute and this woman's just kind of very serious each time that she's being featured here. So anyways, what happened was we sourced BE'S birth certificate and then my instinct got a little bit stronger because her name was spelled differently in the birth certificate, right? So you see that it says be spelled B-E-R-I-L Magdalene. And we know for a fact by the way, so people that are submitting other birth certificates, this is definitively the correct birth certificate because it says Iris Finnegan and we know based on Kamala and Kamala's father Donald J. Harris that Iris Finnegan is the mother of Beryl.


And then we see that her name changes, the spelling of her name changes rather by the time that we looked at her marriage certificate, suddenly you can see that the marriage certificate has her name being spelled with a Y. Now that to me signaled that maybe she definitely is the help. And I'll tell you why. So my grandfather, before he passed away maybe like 10 years before he passed away, I got kind of obsessed with trying to find all of these documents pertaining to his life because I realized like that's my ancestry and I was having a ton of trouble find mining his grandmother's information because on each document her name was spelled differently as well as other people in the family.


And I was like, granddad, why is everyone's name spelled differently? Depending on the document? Like this is very confusing. Why is it sometimes spelled Eliza versus Eliza Ver versus like Elizabeth, that's his, that was his grandmother's name and he explained to me that they didn't know how to read and write. So you forget this, you forget that you had a world, the majority of people couldn't read and write, especially If. you were not considered like a high class person. My grandfather grew up on a sharecropping farm And. so what that meant was even If, you had a name If, you couldn't read and write, you were going up to the register, whether it was for birth, whatever it was, and you were just telling somebody the name. You weren't saying like, hi, it's CANDACE CANDACE, you're just saying CANDACE. And one person might spell it C-A-N-D-I-S.


Somebody might spell it C-A-N-D-I-C-E. If. you do not know how to read and write, you don't recognize these discrepancies. So that actually I thought was a, a good thing in terms of like my idea that this woman could have potentially just been the help maybe like on my scent. But I didn't wanna be too convinced. Obviously you know, I I I lean into the conspiracy mindset because we've been lied to so many times. But like I said, we did find that marriage certificate between Barrel and Lawford Newland, which was in July of 1944. And I wanna be clear guys, we know for a fact this is the correct barrel. So we're not confused here. I'm looking for more documentation when it comes to the birth or the marriage because the correct parents are listed.


You can see Patrick Finnegan is listed And. so we know that Bell's parents are Iris Finnegan and Patrick Finnegan. So that is the correct parent, the correct marriage certificate. But we had no idea who Lawford Newland was. We had no idea that Beryl had allegedly been married after she birthed Donald Harris. That would be Kamala Harris's father thought that was like quite strange. She would've been six years old in 1944. Donald Harris was born in 1938. So this means that she got married to this guy Lawford Newland and she had a 6-year-old So I thought that was quite strange. I couldn't find anything on Lawford Newland, but somebody on the team was able to determine that he arrived on a ship to New Orleans.


He arrived in New Orleans, pardon? From Jamaica in May of 1943. So we're showing you here the ship manifest and Lawford Newland is on the ship and he is listed as pardon? He's listed as a Negro. He's black. It says his marital status is single. That would be correct because this would've been a trip the year before he got married to Beryl. So quite strangely he went to New Orleans and then I guess he at some point had to have gone back just a year later to get married. We still have not been able to locate the relevant marriage certificate between Oscar Harris.


Now that's again Kamala's dad's father is Oscar Harris. We cannot find that marriage between Kamala's grandfather and Barrell. So that's like a huge question mark there, right? Like where is that marriage certificate? If? you guys find it. We're checking our emails and we're obviously aware that there are a lot of different barrels that are being born in Jamaica at different times. But some people are like, this could be the case of two barrels and they're sending us different birth certificates. like I said, we know we have the correct birth certificate, we know we have the correct marriage certificate. We know for a fact that this barrel did get married and that Donald should have been six years old when she got married.


So, it begs the question, was this her second marriage? Did she have a child out of wedlock with with Oscar partying with Oscar Harris? Did she have Donald? And then did she get married because it lists her on her marriage certificate as a spinster, which means that she's, she's not married obviously. And then she gets married to law for Newland and then at some point they would've had to divorce if she remarried and got married to Oscar. So she would've had to have gotten with him, had a child with him, married somebody else, divorced at somebody else, and then gotten back together with Oscar and gotten married. Like I don't, that's like a lot of movements. Again, we don't have any documentation so we're not going to speculate.


But Barrell in general, I'm not describing her as the dog that's not barking. Okay? So some people were saying, well, I've seen on different websites that there was also a, a Barrell Harris that died in 1995 and maybe this could potentially be her. We've done the math on that. No, that woman would have been born in 1914. like I said, we know for a fact Barrell was born. The birth, the birth certificates are probably the most relevant source because you obviously wouldn't have a birth certificate written years later after the fact that your child was born. It says that Beryl was born in 1917, but I started going back to that piece that Donald Harris wrote. Remember the first time that we were kind of introduced to the fact that Kamala Harris was black?


It was because that Donald Harris wrote this piece which came right behind Kamala Harris' book, reflections of a Jamaican father. And I just would like to by the way, really stress to you how black he was trying to suddenly make them like, I'm just gonna read you the first sentence of this by Donald J. Harris, Kamala's father as a child growing up in Jamaica. I often heard it said by my parents and family friends, remember where you come from? And then he goes on and he writes, my one big regret is that Kamala and her sister did not come to know very well the two most influential women in my life. Miss Chrisy and Miss Iris.


Okay, so those are his grandparents. According to him, those are both of his grandmother's maternal and paternal. And then the whole piece is about his grandmother, his two, his two grandmothers. And he wrote, both of my grandmothers had the strongest influence on my early upbringing. And then in parentheses he writes not to exclude of course the influence of my dear mother, miss Barrell and loving Father Mass. Oscar like I think it's supposed to be like mass, like mass Oscar. Very strange. Again, nobody that I know calls their mom. Miss Barrell calls their grandmother Miss Iris and calls their other grandmother Miss Iris.


There's something about that that doesn't strike me as familial, but again, that's speculation. Doesn't matter. Maybe there is this strange family where everyone, like they address their mom as Miss and they address their grandmother as Miss and they address their other grandmother as Miss like that it, it really isn't up to us to make any conclusions. But that's the last, that's the first and last time that he mentioned his mother, miss Barrell, okay? Which signals to me that my theory about her having died young. You're saying you're raised by your grandparents but your mother is around, but you don't talk about your mother or speak about your mother at all in this entire piece. Signals to me that this is correct and your mother died early, okay? And you're not mentioning her for a reason. So then this gets crazy.


I get an email, actually I got two emails but this one in particular made me sit up straight in bed like I'm not kidding, I was like about to fall asleep and I just decided to check the email box and I like sat up. I sat up just like this and started texting everyone and I woke my husband up. I was like, you have to read this email. This is completely crazy. It came all the way from New Zealand. Shout out to New Zealand, I'll be on tour there soon. You guys get out there, buy some tickets 'cause we're gonna talk about this now. That's the only thing I'm gonna speak about in New Zealand, but I'm gonna just read this, this email to you 'cause it's just incredible. Kia Aura from New Zealand Candace. My name is blank. And after your first podcast about the family of Kamala Harris yesterday I went down the rabbit hole all day looking for photos of Beryl Finnegan Harris's brothers and sisters.


As you asked, I was so intrigued and I wanted to take up your challenge. I could not find those photos, but I did come across a record that you might be interested in. I noticed on Kamala's birth certificate you showed that her father, Donald Terrace, was 26 at her birth in 1964, giving him him a presumably birth year of 1938. that is correct. He was born in 1938. I'm just saying that as an aside, I came across the attached record of a one-year-old child who died in 1940 in St. Ann's Parish. This infant's name was Donald Harris. You will notice the baby's father's name that is given was Albert Harris. And there's no mother mentioned.


However, you'll be interested to notice that a person listed as present at the death of the child was none other than Barrell Harris. She has also signed the death record. What are the chances that Barrell Barrel Barrel had her own baby named Donald in 1938 and then was also in attendance of a passing, the passing of a baby named Donald Terrace in 1940? Weird, right? And just to be clear that, that we're gonna show you that certificate 'cause it's, it would mean that there were two Donald Terrace babies born. That Barrell was around, one was hers and one I I don don't know guys, it's getting weird. I'm gonna finish this email, then we're gonna talk about it.


I have looked for the infant's father Albert Harris and cannot find a lot about him. Albert's father Wa name was Abraham Harris, I believe it is possible. He was married to a Violet Firn on the 6th of March, 1935, no record of her passing. So why was she not at her child's death? But Beryl Harris was, was this baby barrels or violets? If Donald Harris passed one years old, 1-year-old, who is the man claiming to be Kamala's father? Oh my gosh, chill. She wrote, make it make sense. I'll keep digging. Chills, chills. I was like, what are you talking about If? you opened this email so fast. It was, it was crazy. And let me just show you the attachment chills.


I'm freaking out. I'm freaking out all over again. It's hitting me. It's a second wave here of what? So yes, you will see that listed here. This is a death certificate that is on the 29th of November, 1940. Okay? In Saint Anne Parish. That obviously is where her family is from. And yes, the child's name was Donald Harris. The child died before the child turned two. So this would mean that it is plausible. This child was born in 1938, the exact same year that Donald Harris, Donald J. Harris Kamala's father was born. Okay, can you pull it back up? I'm not done reading through this. Okay, so you have also it says the, the certified cause of death is fever and a cold and it's letting you know, it says the duration of the illness so that this baby was sick for one month.


Rest in peace. And it does mention that he, that baby is the son of Albert Harris and just as this person speculates it is signed by Barrell Harris. And it tells you, because you're supposed to include this, the signature of the person who was present at the death and it says Barrell Harris present at the death. And that is at Mount Mariah in Saint Anne. Now I wanna be clear, there is no place to put the mother's name. So it's not like there's anything like strange here. I just think that if this is this barrel's child and this Barrell Harris was married to this Albert Terrace or together with this Albert Terrace at some time, like that is the reason why it just says that present for the death.


Like literally, who else would be present if your child is dying less than two years old, okay, barely two years old. Who would you allow to be there in your place? There's no mother on earth that wouldn't be next to their child. So. it is very heavily suggested that Beal Harris was there for the presence of her son Donald Harris dying. and that would put that approximate birth of that baby at 1938. Stop the press. Stop the press. Okay, so you can imagine me now you're me sitting up straight like what is going on here? Like actually what do I know about Kamala's father? Like this could be a coincidence, I'm sure. Yeah, I guess you could have like a lot of barrels that are giving birth to Donalds in the year 1938 in Saint Anne Parish.


Of course, like we should, you have to consider every possibility here. But also consider that This is crazy. This is absolutely crazy. Okay, so then I received a a second email. Okay, very interesting here. Very interesting here. And I'm just gonna read the email. I'm just gonna read the email and take you through this. What happens when I go through my info box and I tell you guys to message with deets, this email says Hi Candace. See the death certificate below indicating that Baral Christie was a domestic servant in 1936 when her infant daughter died. So there's another, and this person has written Baral Christie and lost her daughter.


And I'm gonna pull it up here at the bottom of this email she talks about like the birth dates. I'll get to that later. Let's put if, do you guys have a closeup of this? Yeah. Okay, so you can see here it is Baral Christie. And this would mean not only did Bery Christie lose a child in 1940, but prior to that Beryl Christie lost a daughter in 1936. Okay? Again, all we have here is Beryl Christie. We know that this is potentially the right barrel again, it there could be another Beryl Christie going around, going around. I don't wanna completely close the door on that, but it is interesting and I'll tell you why this struck me as incredibly interesting because when we spoke about the death certificate yesterday, right?


And we spoke about this young death of a woman, she's particularly died, bar Christie of fibroids related to a hysterectomy. So if there is a baral Christie that had back to back, had had lost children in some regard, you could imagine that she might have been injured internally. This is a long time ago. You would imagine that the procedures obviously, you know, are, are not what they are today. And it is plausible that that woman died young of fibroids from a hysterectomy related to the fact that she had two troubling births, whatever it is, carrying children didn't work out for her. I just thought like, okay, but the big part about that second one is that we now know for a fact that there was a barrel Christie that was a fact, a domestic servant.


Can you pull that back up again? Because I always wanna, I wanna point that out so people can see this, the, the last one, the closeup of it. If we can, you can see that she is listed as a domestic servant that the girl is listed as the daughter of Baral Christie. You can see that in that where it says rank profession or occupation. Daughter of Baral Christie, domestic servant. I don't know guys, I don't know guys like I said, I'm trying to, now I'm, I'm putting in columns to sort through the various Beryl Christie's that were born around this time. like I said, you guys keep sending me stuff but just to make sure you're filtering yourself, we know for a fact that Beryl Christie was born in 1917.


We know for a fact that Beryl Christie got married in 1944 to Loland Newford or whatever his name is, new Lawford Newland, pardon? And. so we don't need a bunch of documents speculating that it could be a different birth because her parents are listed and Kamala and her father have confirmed that her parents are Iris and Patrick Finnegan. Okay? So we know those are the people that we are looking for. Oddly enough though, 'cause a lot of people have been pointing out the fact that in her birth certificate, even though we know that that's her mom, Iris, that's the mom's name, Iris Finnegan, it says Magdalene and then suddenly it converts to Christie.


Well I just wanted to point out to you because that was a question we were getting a lot was why would she take on Christie In Donald Harris's piece, he writes explicitly that Iris's Miss Iris, so that's Kamala's great grandmother that her husband was known as Mr. Christie. So I'll read you that paragraph. It says, miss Iris, mother of eight children, I can't find eight children by the way was the sweetest and gentlest person one could meet. But underneath it was a tough farming woman who ran the cane farm at thatch Walk. Walk jointly owned with her husband Mr. Christie. So the reason she may have put Christie or started using Christie as as a middle name is because that would mean that her father was being called Mr.


Christie. Again, we are getting that directly from Donald J. Harris who I'm now very interested in. I'm now very interested in this particular Donald J. Harris. Obviously very easy way to debunk this and maybe there really was just another barrel Christie that happened to have a child named Donald in the same year from the same parish would be to just take a look at Kamala's father's birth certificate. And we can't find that. We quite literally cannot find that. And I find that to be very strange. People were writing to me saying, Hey, it looks like this was purposefully removed that his birth certificate was removed.


And I would just like to find it because it would just kind of let me be at ease and know that there's nothing further to look at other than this, this child because it's just a very, very strange thing. Okay, I also wanted to just go over everything we do know about Donald J. Harris because I was interested in him suddenly. And the first thing is he, according to him, like Miss Chrisy in this piece is his paternal grandmother. He calls her Miss Chrisy, he acknowledges that they were descendants of the slave slave owner, Hamilton Brown. And he is the founder of Brownstown. That's another thing that strikes me as very odd and maybe there's something I'm missing here, but If, you were a person that established a town and you had over a thousand slaves.


Would you really just openly be married to some of these slaves? Like is that something that would happen? I know that obviously they would have relations with the slaves and that's something that is, that is a reality. But in the way that they speak about their family, it's like they were just openly married with slave owners and slave slavers, which I find to be a little bit strange. As I said, he claims that Ms. Chrisy owned and operated a dry good store and that she died at, she died in 1951 at the age of 70. Then we have Miss Iris who he mentions, that's the maternal grandmother. We can actually get up this, we can get up the family tree so people can see this. He mentions Miss Iris and that is the person that he completely fawns over.


That's his maternal grandmother. Ms. Iris, she was a farmer, an educator he claims and he also says, which I find to be quite strange, remember he says he has the strongest relationship with Ms. Iris doesn't even mention his mother Barrell. By the way, these photos are the ones that have been provided by Kamala, her herself, and her father. I cannot verify that these are accurate photos, but we're just gonna use the ones that they're given. But what's quite strange is he says that Ms. Iris's ancestry is unknown to him. So I, guess they never had that conversation despite how close they are again, she jointly owned the farm with her husband, Mr. Christie, and he died in 1981 at the age of 93.


Sorry, pardon? He says in that she died at, at the age of 93 at the age of 1981. That's Ms. Iris, then you have Joseph Alexander Harris. Now that is the person who we are to understand that she was married to the Harris name comes from his paternal grandfather, Joseph Alexander Harris. He was the landowner in the agricultural produce export and he refers to the family property as Orange Hill. I think we need some Jamaicans to go out here and just start verifying stuff for me. and that Uncle Newton took over Orange Hill and started a limestone mining and brick producing operation in addition to cattle, grass, fruit, pimento farming of earlier times.


Now again, I am just trying to understand how she came from a middle class background. I mean people that had slaves were super wealthy. It sounds like they always owned land, that they always, always potentially had servants. So I'm just trying to understand where this middle class background comes from. And my producer put in a note here that people in the live chat are saying that it's a, it's a Creole language, a native to Jamaica when he starts speaking in this tongue. Okay, I literally didn't know that, I'm sorry, but I, I just found that he was writing in this way, which I found to be quite strange. I felt like he was trying to sell to us. They were definitely Jamaican or they were like descended from slaves and they had slaves. So obviously his family actually had slaves, thousands of slaves there.


So I thought that he was trying to lean into the Slave Eng language. So I'll correct that if that's actually English crayol.


Okay, I'm gonna take a break here and just speak about one of the sponsors of the show before I get into some of your comments and we speak more about this. This episode is sponsored by Nimi Skincare. It is my favorite skincare brand out there you guys see me using on Instagram. It's come to be known as America Skincare Company. I use it every single night because they formulate and manufacture all of their skincare products here in the USA while supporting pro-American causes and organizations. Nimi Skincare is true American luxury skincare, but their prices are affordable since they deliver directly to your door and cut out the big box retailer middleman. Nimi has everything you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse, brighten, protect, and help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason that I love Nimi is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family and freedom. So you can sign up right now at Nimi skincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% using code Candace at checkout. Plus you'll receive a free gift on every third order. If you aren't sure where to start, take your skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin type. That's NIMI skincare.com promo code Candace today.


Okay, so first responding to that, yeah, I don't know if he was trying to write English Creole, I actually never knew that that was a language that was native to Jamaica. But I do find it very interesting that that's something that he included all throughout this piece. And I, I would question some of the spelling of things like is is Creole, do you actually spell YU for you or is he just trying to basically signal to us that this is, this was his family anyways, literally did not know that. So she learned something new every single day. So I also had a ton of other people that introduced some other things that I was not aware of and I'm just gonna kind of go through other things that people brought up that I found to be very interesting First and foremost, someone told me to take a look again at Kamala's birth certificate.


Chris, I don't know if I told you to pull that but going to her original birth certificate. Yeah, so they said this person emailed me and they were just like, okay Candace it is amended in the middle there. So you see there's a stamp in the middle of her birth certificate that says amended one of two. And this person apparently was born in the exact same place as Kamala at the exact same time. He claims that his birth certificate is a different color. Okay, not a big deal. But he said that there was some change made on this birth certificate because it says amended one of two and So I looked that up 'cause I was like, oh I didn't even like recognize that. And it turns out that yes, in California and in other states you can file to have your birth certificate amended If you want to change the name of the father, change the name of the mother if there was some error, like maybe they spelled Kamala's name wrong and they wanted to change the spelling of her name or If you just completed your adoption process is another reason in California that you are allowed to change the name or or make an amendment.


Pardon And So it is interesting that that does say amended one of two. I don't know if this means that she amended it two times or what the deal is here, but that is something that is of note and like I said, I'm trying to read through and sort through all of your emails and to prioritize which ones I think are relevant. And I just really think that looking into Donald Terrace now is just something of interest to me and like trying to figure out where he was born and learning a little bit more about his background because there are some verifiable facts here that are just not correct or at least if they are correct, I can't find them, I can't verify them. And I think it's fair by the way to investigate this because this woman has suddenly leaned very into this idea that she's black and she is running for president of the United States.


So when you decide to run for the president of the United States, we have a right to fact check everything that you put into the public domain. And one thing that I could not check out was the, that didn't check out for me was the idea that Miss Iris had eight children. None of the numbers that he keeps introducing here seem factual to me. And all that we do know about Kamala Harris' father is that he is and was a radical communist. Like that is a fact and is not a fact that they can step aside from, he was very involved in the communist, the early communist movement And. so that should be of interest to people. And here's my question. If you're watching this and you are a committed Kamala voter, my general question, my genuine question would be If, you found out that she essentially lied about her entire background and she stole somebody else's like grandmother and pretended that this was her grandmother.


Would you change your mind about Kamala Harris or are we so committed And so into our other camps that it wouldn't really matter to you because you just are like, you know what? I just could never see myself voting for a conservative And. so I'd rather have someone who's, you know, conveniently pretending to be black all of a sudden. I, I just find that to be very strange. Now I'm not discounting the fact that her father's from Jamaica, I think he is obviously very much from Jamaica. I'm just wondering a little bit more about him because I do find these elements to be a bit strange. don don't think it's normal thing unless somebody in the chat is gonna tell me that it also maybe is a cultural thing that people on the island of Jamaica refer to their like mothers and their grandmothers as miss this and miss that because I, I think in America that would be quite weird


and also in other countries that would be quite weird. It would be quite formal. But I'm happy to dive in and to read some of your comments right after I tell you guys about Beam because clearly last night I needed to get some sleep and we do use beam obviously sleep is so important. It's the foundation of whole body health. When we sleep well, our minds and bodies perform at their their best. Good sleep is both mental and physical and our daily performance depends on it beams. Science backed dream powder is tested, tested for high quality efficacy and formulated to ease your body into rest. Supporting all four stages of sleep cycle to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of five key ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin and melatonin. This blend helps you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refreshed. Right now for my listeners, you get a special discount on your healthy hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. You just mix dream into hot water or milk froth and you can enjoy it right before bed. If you wanna try beam's at bestselling dream powder get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/ Candace and use code CANDACE at checkout, that's shop BE m.com/ Candace and use code Candace for up to 40% off better Sleep has never tasted better.


Okay, I'm going to jump very quickly into the chat. I'm gonna try to slow this down. Someone said stolen heritage. Kamala, I listen, I am just asking questions as I say I'm just asking questions and I have a lot of them right now, particularly again honing in on her father. Oh I forgot to tell you so because I got interested in her father and we just sort of began this dive today. You know, he also mentions that he fought really hard for her and there was like a long custody battle between him and Kamala's mother who he was married to before they got divorced. And I did try to locate those records. He, he put the date here as as 1972 and he also put the courts that they were fighting in in California and we couldn't find anything.


Actually I'm gonna let my director, you're gonna hear like a random male voice here, but Mark, you were the one that was looking this up. Did you, what did you not find I guess where were we looking when we were looking for these divorce proceedings? If you will custody disputes. So the family court for Oakland, California would be the Alameda County Superior Court. So I searched the family law records for Donald Harris for that time period. I found a couple from 19 74, 19 76 but nothing from 1972. And the cases I did find in 1974 and 76 were totally unrelated parties. Okay, yeah, so we did, we did take a look through there. We also, I called my lawyer and asked him because listen, we're exploring every possibility like it was the 1970s, sometimes they just don't digitize certain cases.


I asked him is it possible to get like a divorce record or a custodial dispute expunged? He said no, you can get it sealed but not expunged. But there's a chance that they just didn't upload it. And obviously to be fair, Kamala Harris also had a lot of power in California And. so maybe there's a way that she got that removed from the public domain. But we are gonna keep looking for that because I just now want to verify everything that Donald J. Harris has said because he's now very much on my radar as someone that has like kind sort of confirmed her story. So we're gonna stay on it because I just think it's really important for us to know who it is that we're electing into office. And I also wanna say this guys like, you know, for what it's worth, I was not politically awake at the time that Barack Obama went into office.


I was one of those people. I did not vote for Barack Obama, but I do very vividly recall the night that he won. I remember staying in my rented place when I was in college and like tears brimming on my eyes 'cause I was like, yes, You know yes we can. And whatever his, whatever his expression was. And I thought that it was gonna be this huge difference. And I do remember that people were saying that he was born in Kenya and that was being spun as racist. And then like very many years later I saw an old document where like it was actually they pulled that from what he wrote about himself in, I think it was like his Harvard yearbook if I, I don't know. But there was something there. There was definitely something there and it was something that I think people would've ex had explored.


Wish that they had explored more or, or looked further into. Like again, I don't know too much about it 'cause I've just vaguely touched it, but I do think it's important that we hold our politicians to a higher standard. Do you know what I mean? And for me, the reason why something like this matters and why I want to know everything about her is because we have already watched Kamala completely switch her character wherever she is. Like she totally is a chameleon. Like we've saw, we've seen her do this sort of Spanish accent, we've seen her do when she's in front of a black crowd, suddenly she's like in these streets. It makes me very uncomfortable when someone is so comfortable becoming an entirely different person depending on what crowd they're in front of. Like you don't have to do that.


And if you're doing it, it means that you are willing to be inauthentic to get to where you want to go in life. You're not yourself, right? You're just somebody that puts on a mask and says, what room am I room am I stepping into and what do I have to sell myself as? that is quite literally not someone that you want to have in office. In fact, it's quite sinister. And if there's anything to this and like I said, people are sending me all sorts of stuff. I'm not gonna get too in the weeds. There are people that are techies and they're saying like the photo of her and barrel is photoshopped and here's how you can tell, I, I can't obviously authenticate that I barely know how to turn on a computer. I'm not the, I'm not the greatest tech person in the world, but I just think that if there's any piece of this that we can verify is a lie, then her, her entire run needs to be called into question If.


You have the audacity to put into a book that somebody is your grandmother that potentially is dead. And I think it's a very high potential that this woman died young. I very given the fact that Donald Harris just completely does not mention Beryl at all outside of one sentence in an entire essay that he wrote about his heritage. And he wrote this essay again because he wanted to sell to the public that he was black, which is the reason that he's including this, this Creole that you guys have now informed me about. The reason that he's including that again is because just like you got upset in the chat, like this is Creole, he wants this, this is the reaction they want, do you know what I mean? Like they want you to be like, remember, like remember your tribe, you know what I mean?


They're leaning into this because it's a motive and it's, it's emotive and it's also a motive for them. And their, their motive here is to get people to invest in her emotionally. And that is why they snapped on Janet Jackson when she asked, asked a very relevant question. It is of interest that despite the fact that we can say factually she is majority white, okay? She's majority white, no matter which way you slice it, this woman is majority white. He failed to mention any white influence in his life. There was nobody of of white influence in his life, no relatives of white influence in his life. I found that to be very strange. Kamala, her entire career spoke about her Indian heritage and she, yeah, she looks Indian, she looks like an Indian woman to me that's totally fine, don don't have an issue with that.


But now we're, we're, we're code switching and we're leaning into Crayola and we're leaning, we're leaning into a Spanish. When we're in a Spanish crowd, something's not right here. And I'm telling you, these types of people are dangerous. Okay? Now you people got upset when JD Vance said you don't want these women to be in office who have no children. There's something to that. Okay, there's, there is a lack of compassion. There is a willingness to do anything to be, to get to and to stay where you are at, right? There's a lack of compassion when it comes to a woman that is so hell bent on getting to office that she will wear any character. So we gotta prod this and like I said, if information becomes available and we find out that oh actually there was a barrel and this is all just quite ironic and everybody was naming their kids Donald and Barrel and like I said, there are other barrels born in different years, but we've been able to eliminate each one of these on the basis of wrong name on the birth certificate for the father, wrong name, blah blah blah.


And I just, I find this to be really suspicious, just incredibly suspicious. All Right guys, I'm gonna get into your comments here. First I'm gonna tell you about American Financing and then we're gonna read through all of your comments. Mortgage interest rates are dropping, they're now in the fours. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing. Today many hardworking Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each month. It's time to get rid of those American Financing. Salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of


high interest debt. They're saving their average customer $800 a month. By doing this with rates dropping. The decision is very easy. All it takes is a 10 minute, no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you can save and If you start today you may be able to delay two mortgage payments, so call American Financing. Today is (800) 795-1210. Again the number is 807 9 5 12 10 or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Okay you guys, we are now going to switch over to Rumble. By the way, those of you who asked the question what happened yesterday, quite literally a thunderstorm hit and all of our electricity went out. It was quite hilarious right at the moment when we said we're going to rumble, it was lights out here and we went, oh my gosh, what happened? And that is the reason why the feed magically got cut. Very sorry about that. And we are again now going to, oh, what is this person saying in the chat? Okay, we're gonna cut over now to rumble and we are going to answer your questions and also maybe read some other little tidbits that you guys have. All Right. Guys, we will see you over on Rumble starting now. Let's get into the first comment here, sunshine and Soul.


Hi Candace. What will you do for history curriculum when it comes to homeschooling your kids? Knowing that so much we learn about history is a lie, I will just make sure that they know that, that they practice discernment and give them examples of things that I learned when I was growing up that were just complete and utter lies. That's exactly what I'm going to do. And I definitely am going to make sure that they read books outside of their textbooks. That's the main thing. Making sure that they read books that give them an entirely different narrative, you know, by outside historians and the books that I think most impacted me and made me recognize that there was an agenda in the classroom. But ultimately my goal is to homeschool. The more that I think about it, the more that me and my husband discuss it. More inching closer towards homeschooling in general.


So, I think that the history curriculum won't be much of an issue for us because I, I just think that we've come to a place now where there is now a a net negative when it comes to having your children go through the public school system. Tom and Jerry writes, thank you Candace for always being willing to spill the tea. I see people waking up more and more. Thank you for fearlessly standing up for the American people. Christ is king. Rhett writes, thank you so much for your honest journalism. You are waking me and many people up to the lies and corruption. We need to get closer to God now more than ever. I totally agree. Negro writes like the video, If, you rock with Candace I and Kingdom writes, thank you for all that you do. Isme writes, the more people speak up, the better skit.


Hun writes, Candace, can I hire you to research my family tree too? Yes, you can hire me to research it. Listen, women are like the FBI when we get interested in something, we're suddenly just like obsessed with it. you know, that's what they say. We, we really would've been if the FBI wanted to be effective, it would've been just all females, you know, but just like get obsessively and start researching it. And that's pretty much what's happened. Sarah writes Waiting since eight 20 for the Kamalah Chronicles. Thank you Candace. We are all shook it. Listen, I will say it again. We, these, this is really just more questions. We don't have any answers, which I think is part of the reason why it makes me so uncomfortable is that there's just a lot happening. We don't have many answers and I just, there is something about Kamala Harris that I implicitly do not trust.


You know, there's just something about the way she moves and it's that laugh. There's, it's just so inauthentic. I don't trust her honestly, really, I should keep this series going and look more into her husband. And by the way, I should say a lot of people also wrote emails insisting that there was a familial connection between her and Joe Biden's family. 'cause he also descends from Irish Finnegans and their families left. It is true, the Finnegan families left at the same time from Ireland and it looks like they are potentially from the same county in Ireland. But I could not find, just to be clear, anything that was connecting, like somebody was saying that they had the same great-grandfather. I did not find that to be true.


So just letting you know, I'm not saying it isn't. I'm just saying that like, based on my preliminary research, I could not find that connection whatsoever. Play it out, right? I'd love to see you make an episode on the history of hip hop, who created it and how it was created with this whole Diddy situation. It's a very interesting topic. Yes, I actually was going to, but I got obsessed with this Kamala thing. Show you a video that my sister sent to me yesterday from TikTok where this guy was talking about how there was already this trans agenda in hip hop music. And he goes back to videos. I didn't realize that the main person was a man and it was a a, you know, it was the main woman in the music video, but it was a trans man. And he like updated and said like, this trans, this like trans individual got murdered because he was trying to be a woman and some guy hooked up with her.


It was crazy when I watched it. And it is really interesting to think back to that because people usually associate hip hop music with being homophobic, but it's looking more and more like actually there, there always has been maybe this homosexual agenda. If you will, particularly in Hollywood, all across the board in movies. And since the beginning of Hollywood, I can tell you the movies, there was always that agenda. I never thought about it in terms of the music. And I think it's all music. By the way, So I will definitely have to look into that. This person writes watching from the Balkans. Your voice is so strong. Oh, that makes me so happy. There are just more and more people watching all around the world. And like I said, we're gonna stay on this. Keep sending me your emails.


We're gonna keep sorting. See what we can find out to support the show. By the way, please go to locals.com and you can give whatever gift that you can. It keeps us independent because we obviously are not monetized on YouTube, but it's okay. We like to be here, we like to be everywhere and we like to offer our content for free because we think that we do important work. And if you'd like to support us, you can go to Club Candace dot com or locals.com. Either way, we will be back tomorrow.