
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


All right you guys. Happy Thursday. I promise today we have a good one. Well worth the wait. Just crazy, crazy 'cause I'm gonna take you guys to church today. I'm not kidding. We have got TikTok influencers and Instagram influencers and pastors that have received marching orders. You might have noticed that. A little uptick in content regarding not just Candace Owens, but Candace Owens and Tucker Carlson as if we worked together or are coordinating together. Very strange. Plus Trump tweeted or truth socialed about BB net and Yahoo last night. And I'm gonna be frank, it's just weird. Everybody agrees. It's weird. Everybody crossed both sides of the aisle. We don't know what's happening. Some people think he's playing four D chess 'cause it was that odd.


I don't know. We're gonna take a look at that tweet. And lastly, Lizzo has featured a line about me and her upcoming track. So look, mommy, I made it. He knows what she's doing. Trump knows what he's doing because the entire world is a stage. My friends, Welcome back to Candace. This is the Candace podcast TO CATCH A PREDATOR edition. I'm telling you this is interesting. Where to begin? I don't know. Look, right off the bat, I wanna be very clear. As I have made clear on my Instagram stories many times before I am an acquired taste, I get that.


I'm like Brussels sprouts. When you're a kid, you're like, Ooh, what are these like little cabbages disgusting when you're older you're like, can I get them fried with balsamic vinaigrette? That's me. People don't like me instantly. And So I by no means expect for you to watch today's episode and take away from it that everybody who makes an anti or negative Candace Owens video is somehow funded. That would be ridiculous. Hating Candace Owens is, is the oldest hate in the world. It's a hate that mutates Sometimes I am. I fully understand that people legitimately don't like me. But recently, and I, when I say recently, I mean beginning this year, we began realizing that there are these like inorganic hate Candace campaigns.


It's kind of like hating Candace with GMOs and seed oils. It's just terrible, right? It's just not good for you. And I look at it and the first time that we recognized it was back when I was covering Justin Baldoni and Blake Lively and my clips were going viral on TikTok. And then suddenly a bunch of TikTok influencers who had never really made content at all about politics or culture, started making these videos with virtually the exact same script. And the videos all hit the internet at the exact same time. I'm talking like you could go, we can get this down to within 72 hours of each other, all saying the same thing. At that time it was Candace Owens is trying to rebrand. Did you notice Candace Owens is trying to rebrand?


I noticed in that Candace Owens rebrand all sorts of people saying the exact same thing. That's what I mean, just inorganic. And we went, that's weird. It's like Operation Mockingbird, but TikTok style, you know? And we didn't really care because that's just dumb. And hopefully, I hope if anybody's watching this show that you're wise to that sort of a game, that that sort of propaganda makes sense to you because I've covered Operation Mockingbird and I've told you it never was discontinued. And that the CIA is all about infecting your minds. And they have, they know for a fact If you say the same thing over and over again, people will begin to believe it's true. It doesn't matter what it is. Throwing it back to that CIA experiment that I always tell you about, where they brought in all of these people and they only, one of the people in the room was not a CIA agent.


And they wanted to see If you would just go with the crowd. And some guy holds up a picture. Let's say it's a banana and everyone's an agent, except that one guy. And he's like, what do you see? And he makes all the agents say, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple. And by the time they get to the one guy, the person that they're experimenting on, he knows he sees a banana. But oh my gosh, he says apple. Because you believe in the madness of crowds. That's the point. Like if, if people keep saying stuff, you go, I'm the only one that has this opinion. And most people don't have the confidence to like buck the crowd. Okay? Again, I've shown you guys this many times, I just have to rely on the fact that you're aware when you are being influenced. And we've showed you also previously that these micro influencers sign up on websites like influenceable.com or xo mad.com.


So quite literally, you can go as a business and you can get a bunch of micro influencers to pretend that they're organically coming across your products or your ideas. I think it's weird. It should be an FTC violation in my viewpoint. And I'm definitely calling my lawyer. 'cause IIII am trying to comprehend how it's not, but it happened and it is what it is. You gotta be smart in this digital, digital age and you have to practice your own discernment. But this particular recent campaign was something different, okay? And it was because of the accusation that was being implied here as if I was funded by a foreign entity. They've been kind of pushing that point. But the first thing that I found to be quite strange was that it wasn't just an anti Candace campaign.


It was a Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens anti campaign. Very odd. I haven't done Tucker Carlson's show in what, like two years before. Like more than maybe two and a half years before I had even been in the room with him, for people to see us on camera together. Why are you connecting the dots? We're not tweeting at each other. Why is it Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens? Okay, so let's back this up to see how we got there. And I promise you this is gonna astound you. Last week, as we all remember, Tucker Carlson, not Candace Owens went viral because he had a sit down with Ted Cruz, you know, war was on the brink whether or not we were gonna get involved in another one of Israel's wars.


And he pressed Ted Cruz on the idea that it was America's biblical duty to protect the foreign state of Israel. And things got pretty spicy. Take a listen. Growing up in Sunday school, I was taught from the Bible, those who bless Israel will be blessed. And those who curse Israel will be cursed. And from my perspective, I wanna be on the blessing side of things of The go. Those who bless the government of Israel, Those who bless Israel, is what it says. Doesn't say the government of it says the nation of Israel. So that's in the Bible. I as a Christian, I believe that. Where Is that? I I can find it to you. I I don't have the, the, the scripture off the tip of my you, you pull out the phone and use the, It's in, it's in Genesis. But so you're quoting a, a Bible phrase.


You don't have context for it. And you don't know where in the Bible it is. But that's like your theology. I'm confused. What does that even mean? Tucker? I'm a Christian. I want to know what you're talking about. Okay? Where does, where does my support for Israel come from? Number one, because biblically we are commanded to support Israel. But number two, hold On on, no, hold on. You're a senator and now you're throwing out theology. And I'm a Christian. I am allowed to weigh in on this. We are commanded as Christians to support the government of Israel. We are commanded to support Israel. And we're called, What does that mean? Israel? We're told those who bless Israel will be blessed. But, But what, hold on, define Israel. This is important. Are you kidding? I, this this is a majority Christian country. D define Israel. Could, do you not know what Israel is? I I And that would be the country you've asked like 49 questions about.


So That's what Genesis ref, that's what God is talking about the Nation of Israel. Yes. And so does that the current borders, the current leadership, he's talking about the political entity called Israel. He, he's talking about the nation of Israel. He had nations exists and he's discussing a nation. A nation was the people of Israel is the nation. They're the senate of Abraham God's referring to in Genesis. Is that the same as the country run by Benjamin Netanyahu right now? Yes. Yes it is. And I want to make clear what's happening here. 'cause it's all very relevant. Tucker shows up to interview a person that has voting power. The, the ability to decide whether or not Americans are going to support potentially another war in the Middle East. And he's interviewing him about this. And it's not Tucker, but it is Ted Cruz that brings up his theology and then things get out of whack because I think maybe Ted Cruz is realizing in this moment that that's kind of a crazy position to have to say there's a bunch of religious fanatics in the Middle East and we've gotta conquer them because they're religious fanatics.


But then your basis to be a form of religious madism. And he kind of suggests that Tucker Carlson is anti-Semitic. Take a listen. It's a very weird thing, the obsession with Israel when we're talking about foreign countries. It's hardly an obsession. You're not talking about about Chinese, you're not talking about Japanese, you're not talking about the Brits, you're not talking about the French. The question, what about the Jews? So Senator, what about the Jews? I'm tells now, Senator, you're asking the questions. Tucker, you just told me. You're asking why are the Jews controlling our foreign policy Senator? That's what you just asked. Hardly Saying that. And I have that, that is Exactly what you just said. Well, Actually, I can speak for myself and tell you what I am saying. Good on behalf, not simply of myself, but on my many Jewish friends who would have the same questions, which is to what extent, and I, it's interesting you're trying to derail my questions by calling me an anti-Semite, which you are.


I did not. Of Course you are. And rather than be honorable enough to say it right to my face, I'm sitting A sleazy feline way implying it, or just asking questions about the Jews. I'm not asking questions about the Jews I have. There's nothing to do with Jews or Judaism. It has to do with the foreign government. Isn't Israel controlling our foreign policy? That's not about the Jews You said I'm asking. And by The way, you're the one that just called me, I think as sleazy feline. So let's, let's speak clear. It's, it is Sleazy to imply that an I'm an anti-Semite, which you just Did. No, I just said, I'm asking why is that the only question you're asking, asking you answer it. Gimme another reason. If you're not an anti-Semite, gimme another reason. I will. Why? The obsession is Israel. I I am in no sense obsessed with Israel. We are on the brink of war with Iran. And so these are valid questions.


But you're not asking If I can finish. You asked me why I'm obsessed with Israel. Yep. Three minutes after telling me that when you first ran for Congress, you elucidated one of your main goals, which is to defend Israel. Yes. And I'm the one who's obsessed with Israel. I don't see a lawmaker's job as defending the interest of a foreign government, period. Okay. Any government, including the ones that my ancestors come from. So that's my position. That does not make me an antisemite and shame on you for suggesting otherwise. And I mean that. And that's low. And you know it's low. So why don't you just answer my questions. I'll Answer straightforward, Rational way. You certainly have the IQ to do it. So shame on you. Is is cute, By the way, Tucker. It is. It's not cute. I'm offended. You're, you're offended.


I'm obsessed with the Jews. You just told me. You just call me a sleazy feline. It Is sleazy to imply that I'm an antisemite for asking questions about how my government is wrong. If you wanna count how many questions you asked about what about the Jews, what about Israel? What about, I never asked about The Jews. I I have, this has nothing to do with the Jews, whatever that means. This has to do with a foreign government. And once again, shame on you for conflating the two. So it's incredible. And I wanna be very clear that this interview is potent. That's not go the effects of this interview. It's not gonna go away in my, in my honest viewpoint. It is the beginning of the end of Zionism and Christian Zionism is necessary for Israel to go on doing what they want with nobody asking any questions, going, wait a minute, why are we supporting this?


Why, why do we continue to support this? And so it went absolutely viral as far as debate scopes, very clear that Tucker was the determined winner. But you have to imagine that for the groups that have spent millions upon millions, billions of dollars investing in poisoning the minds of young Americans, poisoning the minds of people at Sunday school to believe that like as a almost an indulgence, that If you just thought Israel, do whatever it wants, you will be blessed that this interview would have sent them mad and mad It did. Because oddly, in response to this debate, despite everyone agreeing Tucker one handily, we started seeing a, an appearance of influencers that began not just attacking Tucker and pretending like nobody just watched what they watched and going like, Tucker's crazy, but strangely attaching my name to it.


It was not just Tucker, it was Tucker and Candace. I'm going to show you just one example, okay? It's a little long, but it's worth watching. This is a woman, her name is Nadine. She has 16,000 followers. And this is the video that she did in Reaction to Tucker's. Sit down with Ted Cruz, take a listen. Okay, did anybody else watch the Tucker Carlson interview with Ted Cruz yesterday and think, what in the world has happened to Tucker Carlson? No one thought that I really used to like this guy, but he looked so insane during this interview. He was, he was so offended and acted completely juvenile.


Mm. It was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen Tucker Carlson do. He looked so bad. He literally made himself look very weak and immature. Mm. Did anybody else get that same? I mean, I, I know I was watching it with this open mind thinking this is gonna be a great interview and, and then it just went downhill really fast. But Tucker was, ugh, it, it grossed me out. I don't even think I can watch Tucker Carlson anymore. I really feel like he needs to give an apology to Ted Cruz.


It was what a debacle Anybody else feel the same way? If you haven't watched it, go watch it. Come back. Tell me what you think. Because I watched it twice and could not believe what I was seeing. Tucker. Get a grip, dude. Mm, you are so rude, so condescending. It was disgusting. And you know what? And let's talk about Candace Owen too. Mm, Let's do that. I used to like watching her, but she's gone completely crazy and downhill. What is happening with these people? Yeah, just when you think you've got the right people on the right side, boom.


Cuckoo. I don't know. What do you guys think? I just, my, my mind blown today over it. I'm mind blown about just how unconvincing of a performance that was personally. A couple of things that I, I wanna point out is that she got completely crushed in the comment. I mean, 99% of comments were like, are we watching the same thing? We can pull up just a couple of these here. Who paid you to post this video? Be honest. There's still time to delete this blind much. He exposed Ted fully. It's like you, you're telling us now not to believe our own eyes. It's ridiculous. And so people just called her out and we're like, literally, who is paying you? Another thing to point out is that she purports to be a fan of Candace Owen.


She's no longer a fan of Candace Owen, what's happened to Tucker Carlson and Candace Owen? And by the way, she has, she has made multiple videos calling me Candace Owen since there's another one. Trump on Israel. She writes, sorry Candace Owen, you know, your narrative is not playing out. Okay? You have no idea who I am. Someone has sent you maybe perhaps I'm, I'm, I'm surmising here telling you to go after Candace Owen. And we have evidence of that. And we saw across the board that there was this random typo in my name, Candace Owen. So then I get a flurry of emails, okay?


Telling us that it's not just Nadine on Sunday, people went to church, whatever church it is that they attend whatever domination. And there were a flurry of pastors that preached to their congregation regarding the evils of, you guessed it, Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens. Again, why are we in the same breath? Okay, let's check out this preacher. I've covered his face. 'cause I don't think it's relevant. I'm not trying to create armed people to go after him. It's not what I believe in. I want to attack the substance of what he's saying on stage, not the individual. But here he is. He gets up on stage this past Sunday and he preaches about Candace Tucker and a couple of other political people.


Take a listen. Lemme just say this is some of us spent the same amount of time we did on Fox News as we do the Bible. There would be revival in America today. Some of you listening to Tucker Carson and Camera Owen. And these guys are anti-Semitic. I don't care what anyone says, I'm gonna say it. Their anti-Semitic and their, their rhetoric is dangerous. And that's not it, by the way. Like I, I was watching this sermon going, this is incredible. Listen to who else he mentioned. Later on, We're gonna have, my friend Robert Stearns is gonna come here and, and he has a unique ministry that God is utilizing him to touch the Israeli people. He knows Ben and that Nya, he knows all these amazing people.


And I met Mike Huckabee, an ambassador of Israel. Lemme just say something about Mike Huckabee. He's the real deal. Oh, he's the real deal. He's a good man of God. Mm mm Listen, I am the last person that should judge anyone. I, I have, I took a very liberal route to conservatism, a similarly liberal route to Catholicism. But I just hope that any person speaking about just having spiritual discernment, that If you are sitting at your congregation and you are expecting to hear the word of God and how to apply it perhaps in your personal lives and you are instead getting what sounds like it should be on Fox News, like someone is telling you BB net and yahoo and yeah, net and Yahoo is a great guy and you know what's going on in Palestine.


You've seen the images, you see the kids, the starvation campaigns. He's literally being tried by his own government for corruption. And he's like, he's good. But then that Tucker Carlson, I'm just gonna come right out and say it. I mean, what church is this? Seriously? Because I might, if this is, if, if the money's there, I will everybody stay with me now. I've been overcome by the Holy Spirit. I'm just gonna come right out and say it. I'm gonna come right out and say you need to go to Candace Owens dot com and give me money. And while you are there, purchase my book that is up for sales. It is, is make him a sandwich. I'm gonna come right out and say it 'cause I ha the Holy Spirit just came over me right now on the podcast you guys, I'm just gonna come right out and say it also who's above me on the Spotify church, Joe Rogan.


And I just wanna say damn that Joe Rogan, do not listen to Joe Rogan's podcast. I'm just gonna come right out and say it. Come on. Like we gotta be a little more switched on than this. At least I'm clear. I'm speaking about politics and I'm giving you my opinion. I'm not gonna dress this up in the word of God. Okay? An absolute nonsense. And honestly, it's a little bit worse than a nonsense. I, again, I am not to sit in the chair of judgments, but I would be woo shivers up my spine when I meet my maker if I was doing that for a living. That's all I'm gonna say. So we decided to prod further. 'cause now I'm like, okay, well the one thing I can tell you about Candace Owens, she's not an antisemite, but she does love herself an investigation.


Amen. Amen. Okay. So we decided to prod a little bit further, reach out to some of these congregants that were sending us clips. And specifically about that guy, I said like, is this a normal thing that, does he normally speak about Israel and Bibi Netanyahu? And they said, no, actually, he had just come back from a trip to Israel. We didn't know he was going to Israel. He came back from a trip to Israel and suddenly he was telling us that we needed to donate to Israel. LOL. If you have a job, you donate to Israel. My friends, trillions of tax dollars weapon, we, you're good. Okay? But he said that they needed to donate to Israel and suddenly they're getting sermons about BB net and Yahoo. And, and, and I'm like, what? I couldn't imagine my priest never, not once, I've been Catholic for a year and a half, never once has brought up a political person ever in the homily.


But okay, I'm like, now I'm getting what they're talking about because I know that these churches, these mega churches, otherwise they can be sponsored on trips to, you know, these like they're well taken care of. They go over on these overseas trips by these organizations that purport to be alliances. And they said yes, actually this was one of these trips. It was sponsored by an organization called Eagle Wings, which is a quote unquote alliance between Christians and Jews. Now here's what I'm saying, just taking a look at this website that's sponsored this particular pastor, if it's an alliance between Christian and Jews, should there be a crucifix?


Like do you see, do you see Christ? What kinda alliance is this? I I see, I just see the star of David, I see the state of Israel right up just right off the bat. I, what kind of alliance is this? Does this mean like we get to work for the state of Israel? Like just looking at the vibes? Anyways, scroll down. You can pull that back up. I wanna just see, 'cause you, you see what, what are these upcoming events? Okay, here's some upcoming event events. If you'd like to attend, I stand with Israel and get a frontline update. You can attend Torah Tuesdays. Okay, that sounds fun. What are we handing out in Torah? Tuesdays like Tako Tuesdays, Torah Tuesdays, and we've got Shabbat. These are the upcoming events. I am just, oh, I am amazed by this.


Okay, I'm not really sure what Christian's got out of this. Anyways, like I said, you know me, I'm interested and then I start thinking beyond this. I'm like, okay, well if I'm getting these flu of emails and pastors are getting on stage on Sunday and simultaneously talking about Tucker and Candace of every plausible names, of every plausible, plausible arrangement of names that they could make, they go with Tucker and Candace. It means that there had to have been some sort of a script that went out, right? So I take a shot, money talks, I'm pretty open about stuff and I just go ahead and put a bounty, Candace the bounty hunter, right? Put me on a and e, I wanna have a show Candace the Bounty Hunter, right? And I just say on my Instagram stories, If you work in a pastoral office and you're one of these people that attended a sermon recently and saw that suddenly people were saying Candace and Tucker, If you have any information, I will pay for that information.


Like I am willing to pay up to $15,000 to get this information because actually I should offer to pay more. 'cause this really matters if people think that they are going and yet their pastors are potentially being bought and paid for by outside organizations. Whether it's gifts in kind by fancy trips or actually cash that's being exchanged so that they can get up and they preach you and, and they're actually just brainwashing you and they're selling you out. Like this deeply matters. We're talking about people's faith. They think they're going to heaven and potentially their pastors are bought and paid for. And you are not going to believe this, you guys. Sure enough, on Friday, June 20th, an email went out.


And I wanna be clear, this is an email that went out to a different church, right? To a different pastor, but similarly from an alliance organization, a Judeo hyphen organization. But like we maybe not, won't do anything for Christians. We're gonna tell Christians what they can do for Israel. Okay? So the email we're gonna pull this up from for, for you guys, it's from the Center for Jewish Christian Understanding and Cooperation. And here is the email, as you can see that went out on June 20th. It says we, we've obviously covered anything that was identifying here. We verify this, we had screen recordings, everything it says, I hope this message finds you well at the Center for Jewish Christian Understanding and Cooperation.


We've always believed that the strength of our communities lies in how we show up for one another, especially in difficult times. That's why I'm reaching out. Recently, we've been troubled by certain statements made by public voices like Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens. Individuals with large platforms whose words carry weights. While we understand and respect differing political views, the language they've used lately has crossed a line. It's not just provocative and controversial. In some cases it's veered into rhetoric that echoes classic anti-Semitic tropes, questioning Jewish loyalty, downplaying the Holocaust and framing Jewish communities as global manipulators.


Now it's gonna get a little ironic here because if you're gonna talk about a little bit of manipulation, it's gonna come at the end of this email. Here's the second page of the email. It may not, may not always be obvious at first glance, but to those of us who've seen where this kind of speech leads, it's deeply unsettling. We're not asking anyone to take sides politically. This is about something deeper about spiritual accountability and the moral influence church leaders like yourself have in shaping how people treat one another. With that in mind, we'd be grateful if you'd consider speaking briefly on this and one of your upcoming services. Even a few words, encouraging awareness, compassion, and caution when engaging with media voices that spread division under the cover of opinion.


And if you're open to it and willing to share a recording or a summary of your message, we'd like to offer a small gesture of supports, a donation of $2,500 in Bitcoin to your congregation. No strings attached. No we, I mean it sounded to me like there was very much string attached here. Just an expression of our thanks and solidarity. Please feel free to reply directly if you'd like to connect further or if we can provide any background resources for your message. And I wanna be clear, guys, there's no strings attached. Do it. And we'll give you $2,500 in Bitcoin, which is not really traceable whatsoever, but it's to show our alliance and we're not telling you what to say, we're just telling you that If you weren't gonna say something, let it be that Candace Owens Star Carlson, our anti-Semitic.


And we're not giving you any proof of that other than this no string attached payment via Bitcoin, which is kind of untraceable, huh? What? This is crazy. This is crazy. Now I'm gonna tell you who sent this email. We need, this is a developing, by the way. We are, this is, we are investigating here. This is a developing story. But I can tell you who sent this email, and I don't want this to be a stereotype, but it is Rabbi Shlomo and he's based in Israel. Oh my God, no, no. Rabbi Shlomo. No Shlomo, no. Gosh.


Oh Rabbi Shlomo be upset by this. Okay. Okay. Who's Rabbi Shlomo, let's bring up this website. What's going on? He, well he, look, I wanna be very clear 'cause he was very clear. This is, there's no strings attached here. This is just what we do. This is just what we do here is the center for Jewish Christian understanding, wink wink and cooperation. And we find on this website who we are, what their mission is, who the staff is, is that Rabbi Dr. Shlomo kin happens to be the founder. So yeah, this guy's offering a little bit of Bitcoin cash for a little bit of a mention.


But By the way, that's fantastic. You say one sentence and you can get 2,500. That's pretty good. Okay, I wanna be very clear and it doesn't stop there. I wanna be, what we have happened upon here is they clearly in Israel hit the red button after Tucker Carlson did this interview. And I don't even know what I did last Friday that I was getting wrapped into this. But they went out with specific instructions about me and Tucker Carlson. And so yet another young woman that has come forward and she has given us proof and she's terrified about presenting this proof and in any way having it being traced back to her. So I'm gonna tell you, I'm actually gonna read to you what she sent us. She sent us first an email with the proof in the screenshots of how she got paid.


And she said The bounty is 1000 to $5,000. And they give you a script. She said that she, and again I'm gonna say allegedly here because I wanted to make her comfortable, that's why we waited to do the show until 4:00 PM But she said that they were receiving payments from ActBlue. She named a person that worked with, as a democratic chair that she said was reaching out to influencers, telling them that they could get paid to make videos. And that the script that went out this time was about Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens. Now I'm gonna read you that script and not show it to you because she's so terrified. But it says hello blank. We are happy to bring you on as our influencer to share the same vision that we all share and to open the eyes of those individuals to such hypocrisy.


There was a lot of misleading information being fed to us. The people from podcasters such as Candace Owen and Tucker Carlson, we would love to pay you up to 5K to just make a video regarding the false narrative that Candace Owen is spreading key points to bring up. Maybe the showing off the Iran, Candace Owens Post on their TV networks, which is what they were all doing. Candace was recently featured in Iranian state tv. Like suddenly I'm supposed to believe that all these college kids on TikTok are watching Iranian state news. Like they all were like, oh my God, I just saw Candace, I know this person speaking Fari, but, and I can't read Fari or understand Fari, but like she's on Iranian state news, it's a bridge too far.


They were all doing this exact same thing. So key points to bring up that she was on Iranian state news TV networks, possibly that she has a secret lover and at the end of the day is an antisemite that being an antisemite is the least of her concerns. Please forward your cash app tag along with your TikTok username. Once the video is posted, we will submit the cash app payment amount. It depends on the information that is found. Thank you for your time. Any further questions, please forward this email. Thank you. So I looked at this and I'm like, okay, we need to further prod this. And she's getting a little bit of cold feet, but she sent us her cash app and showed us some payments and I was like, before we reveal all this, I wanna make sure that this girl is comfortable, but this looks like there are networks that are going out and it's broken apart.


So If you are a pastor, you might have this center of alliance sending it to you. That pastor we showed you on stage could have had Eagle sending it to him. And they've all potentially taken you on trips, done things for you, and they're asking you to just like, Hey, remember us? That trip was about nothing other than alliance, but like this is getting, Tucker and K are getting a little bit crazy. Could you say something? And on the micro influencer side, we are getting proof that it looks coordinated, similarly coordinated, and they're being handed a script. And this young woman said to me, look, I'm a broke college student, I don't really care one way or the other. And that is what stood out to me, is that there were so many videos from people who don't speak about politics, trying to make us believe that they're watching Iranian state news.


And again, attaching Tucker and Candace together, which makes no sense. We don't work together. I support Tucker and like everyone else in the world. I covered that interview 'cause it was astounding and it was, I think a will be reflected upon as a moment of cultural zeist in America. Like I really do believe that people woke up, like he smacked people into an awakening and now he's paying a heavy price. And for whatever reason I am as well. Because you can't stand up to these people. You can't stand up against the war machine. They have a machine in the background. So I wanted to show you guys this because First and foremost, I, I think this will only further get people who are members of these churches to ask questions about whether or not you are a part of a congregation that is truly trying to get you to understand what your role is as a Christian in today's society and speaking to you about the word of God.


Or If you are actually being a part of a political institution, because that's what Zionism is, it's political ideology, right? So to to be a Zionist means that you have subscribed to a political ideology and perhaps one that is masquerading as some sort of a religion. And I, I, I very much believe that and I hope that this wakes you up. And yeah, I'm sorry that Shlomo is leaning into every bad stereotype here, but I wanna let you guys know that this investigation is open. So If you wanna send us more information, as you can see, we are revealing no names and I openly have offered to pay for this information. So that individual, these individuals that just gave me this information, I'm gonna pay them for it because I think it's more important for Americans to wake up to understand how desperate and in part demonic this is, Israel is fighting with everything in them to hold on to the influence of that they have had on your minds and they will stop at nothing.


You know, an animal that is backed into the corner fights the hardest. And I'd like to make very clear, I have never taken money for many foreign states. I do not work for Qatar, Iran, Israel, you hear the ads that I read here, they're all American and I'm gonna continue to do that. So we're gonna get into Trump's tweet.


But first I wanna remind you for the that note about PreBorn because June 24th, March, three years since Roe v. Wade was overturned. But here's the truth, abortion has not gone away. It's actually gotten worse. Abortions are at a 10 year high and the fight has now moved from the courtroom to a place that's actually much more dangerous, which is our homes today more than 60% of abortions, abortions are happening through a pill. People are taking this pill alone. Women are in fear, they don't have any support. And what happens next is obviously horrifying. Women are delivering their babies that are fully formed into toilets, onto into bathroom floors. And they're realizing in that moment that wait, this is not just tissue, this is a human being and, and now there that human being is gone. And if we're all being honest, no matter where you fall in the political landscape, that is not healthcare, that's trauma. 11% of women who take the abortion pill face serious complications and many will carry emotional scars through the rest of their lives. And that is why I support PreBorn because they're stepping in where our culture is obviously failing. They're giving women the truth, the real practical financial support and a chance to choose life. PreBorn has already saved 350,000 babies, but they can't do it without us. And the need has never been greater. So for just $28, you can double the chance that a mom chooses life for her baby and for herself to donate. Now go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace


Also remind you guys about Cozy Earth because ladies, especially those of you just had a baby listen up. I know how chaotic those first few months can be because I'm in it. You're recovering, you're feeding around the clock and you're trying to catch sleep whenever you can. The last thing you need is to overheat the middle of the night and be drenched in sweat tossing and turning it in com in uncomfortable sheets. So I gotta introduce you guys to these sheets made by Cozy Earth. These are without question, I am not kidding these softest, most, most breathable sheets I've ever owned. They're made from Visco Bamboo, which means they naturally help regulate your body temperature. So yes, even in the summer heat, you stay cool and comfortable. Cozy Earth offers a 100 night sleep trial. You can try them during the hottest nights of this year. If you don't love them, return them, it'll be hassle-free. But trust me, I know you're not going to want to, you're gonna love them. They also offer a 10 year warranty on all bedding products. That's a decade of cool quality sleep because luxury should not be out of reach. Go ahead and head to cozy earth.com/ Candace and use code Candace for up to 40% off Cozy Earth's bestselling temperature regulating sheets, apparel and more. Trust me, you'll feel the difference the very first night you'll sleep cooler, you'll lounge lighter, you'll stay cozy. Visit cozy earth.com/ Candace and use code Candace at checkout cozy earth.com/ Candace.


Okay, on that note, I don't know what we're supposed to make up this Trump tweet about bibe. I don know what this is. I don't if it's four D chess, I don't play four D chess. So I didn't understand it. It was really funny 'cause someone was leaving my house yesterday and they were like, I think that this is actually fake. But did you see what Trump tweeted about Bibe allegedly. And then they looked at me and were like, no, it's definitely probably doctored. And then I pulled it up on X where Trump is not on X, he's on true social. And I saw that someone that said they were sharing it and I was like, okay, this is obviously fake, this is silly, but let me just go check true social to see if it's actually real. And by golly it was real. I'm not kidding. Check this out. It's so long. It's so long. It says breaking news, breaking news.


I was shocked to hear that the state of Israel, which has just had one of its greatest moments in history and is strongly led by Bibi Netanyahu is continuing. Its ridiculous witch hunt against their great wartime. Prime Minister Bibi and I went through hell together fighting a very tough and brilliant long time enemy of Israel, Iran and Bibi could not have been better, sharper or stronger in his love for the incredible holy land. Anybody else would've suffered losses, embarrassment, and chaos. Bibi Netanyahu was a warrior like perhaps no other warrior in the history of Israel. And the result was something that nobody thought was possible. A complete elimination of potentially one of the biggest and most powerful nuclear weapons anywhere in the world. And it was going to happen soon.


We were fighting literally for the survival of Israel. And there was nobody in Israel's history that fought harder or more complete or more competently than Bibi net and Yahoo. Despite all of this, I just learned that Bibi has been summoned to court on Monday for the continuation of this long running. He has been going through this horror show since May of 2020. Unheard of this is the first time a sitting Israeli prime minister has ever been on trial. Politically motivated case concerning cigars, a bugs bunny doll, and numerous other unfair charges in order to do him great harm. Such a witch hunt for a man who has given so much unthinkable to me. He deserves much better than this. And so does the state of Israel. Bibi Netanyahu's trial should be canceled immediately or a pardon given to a great hero who has done so much for the state.


Perhaps there is no one that I know who could have worked in better harmony with the President of the United States. Me then Bibi Netanyahu. It was the United States of America that saved Israel and now it's gonna be United States of America that saves Bibi Netanyahu. This travesty of justice cannot be allowed First and foremost. That's really long. And when I say really long, I mean it is. And that we asked Crock this, and I know Aya doesn't always get it right. This would be the longest to truth social tweet that he's ever authored. He had less to say when he told us about us bombing Iran in the middle of the night. So what is this? If you're optimistic, people think that he actually just hates Bebe because I've told you a thousand times on the show the Western media's not covering this insane trial, which produces a lot of evidence that Bibe Netanyahu helped orchestrate October 7th.


Okay? The the, the Western media is just not covering this. Could you imagine a false flag where you would kill your own people and that most of the world is not aware of, but none the wiser because Western media is, is terribly Zionist. And so he's just letting the whole world kind of know here, like there's a trial going on that involves Bugs Bunny and BB Nya. That's if you've interpreted it. And this is like, I hate you tweet, but I'm gonna love you to death while I hate you. You know, I don't know if he could swing from so vociferously being like f this as he was on Monday to suddenly being like, I love Bebe's. Amazing. So what's he doing here guys? What, what is he doing here?


Anyways, if he is trying to waken people up to Bebe's crimes, this is a way to do it. I've told you, you gotta go pursue that documentary in the BB files. You'll be aware of him and be very much aware. Pursue like Harts and you can, that you can download in English of going through the trial like Qatar Gate, everything that is involved, which very heavily suggests that BB Netanyahu knew what was happening on October 7th and the people in charge of the army allowed the attack to happen and were given instructions not like to ignore the activity that was happening on the border. And yeah, because I've been following that. I'm just like, I, if if he's not playing chess and he's actually saying, leave this man alone, this is lunacy.


Like that is lunacy. It's one or the other, who knows. Okay, before I get into your comments, I do want to say I saw the headline that Lizzo has mentioned to me in her upcoming song, Hey, look, mommy, I made it whoop whoop all the hair you said I wouldn't make it. Here we go. And then I had to, I also found out it's Lizzo and it's sza. By the way, I am not hip, I'm not cool. You guys know this. I went to my cousin, I was like, who's za? Because it's spelled SZA. I was like, Lizzo and Za have me in their song. And, and she looked at me Mia and she was like, it's ssa. And I was like, that is not how you spell scissors. She said, it's ssa. So SCA is csa, okay?


I have four kids, I don't have to be hip anymore. Okay? So Lizzo and CSA apparently hit the studio together and they started previewing some of their songs on Instagram and were showing some clips. And CSA who is appearing on Liz's forthcoming project can be heard on the track. I know If it's her, it's Lizzo addressing me and they're calling me a longtime critic of Lizzo. That's not true. Lizzo and me should be friends. The line in the song is, and I quote City Girls Up boys on their period, Candace Owens, somewhere pissed, Nia Kiss, kiss my bleep.


So that seems artistic, but I wanna say Lizzo is, if you're watching, of course we'll play the song when it comes out. And I I, I might even bop to it. I am not pissed about something that does not exist and can't happen. Of course, I'm not pissed. I I would be, I think I should be in your music video looking pissed though. So hit me up, Lizzo, this is a obviously a very artistic endeavor. I told you, I have you on my, on my iPhone, you've got some Bs. I love the truth hurts. I was wishing you well, I'm glad that you are getting into shape. You look happier, you look freer. So don't be upset with me because I told you the truth. When the whole world was trying to kind of pigeonhole you and make you just a fat girl, you know, you didn't have to do that.


You had a talent and you were fun. And the industry can be toxic in that way. So that's all I will say on that topic. Okay? I really wanna get to some of your comments first, just to throw it to our sponsors. I'm gonna just pull this up in just a second. Oh, someone's also reminding that I should talk about Jojo Siwa, who's apparently not a lesbian anymore, which I called. But anyways,


I wanna remind you guys about Nimi Skincare because as many of you know, I love Nimi Skincare. Just when I think their products can't get better, they launch an entire brand new tallow line and it's sold out in under three hours. I called them directly and good news, they, it's finally back up in stock, but only while supplies last. If you don't know, tallow is incredibly similar to our skin's natural structure. That means the essential vitamins are there, a, D, E, and K. And they are bioavailable and easy to absorb. It helps repair the skin barrier, lock in moisture, and deliver powerful anti-inflammatory benefits. Nimi takes a step further by infusing their tallow with natural essential oils, which makes it even more luxurious and effective. Their two new products are the Sunshine Tallow Cream, a lightweight whipped face cream that absorbs quickly perfect under makeup and their buzzing tallow balm. A rich balm that forms protective barrier to seal in moisture and deeply repair your skin. Nimi is proudly American conservative, owned and grounded in the values of faith, family, and freedom. It's skincare for those of us who want our dollars to reflect our values. You guys know I already love Nimi and I'm proud to support their mission of creating cleaner Better for you skincare. These new talent products are just the beginning. So do not wait. Head to Nimi Skincare dot com and use my code Candace 10 to save 10% on your order and start supporting companies that stand for what you believe in with Nimi, you won't just get beautiful skin, you'll also get skincare without compromise. That's NIMI skincare.com and use my code Candace 10.


All right, what are you guys saying in the chats? We are down a producer today and So I, you guys are working overtime in the control room. Chris is Williams Swamp writes, Russia is face forward and open about being a Christian nation. What are they reading that's different from Ted Cruz? They don't claim that they have to defend Israel. Where does the confusion from America come from? Towards Israel? Yeah, it comes from what you just saw, which is Zionist money. And like I said, there should be an entire Pru video, which they would not do that because they are PR U and they are Zionists. But that slowly explains to you the heresy of the Schofield Bible and how they sort of realize Zionists ahead of them wanting to create the state of Israel that in order to marry America, this, you know, you know, rather young country compared to the rest of the world to their values.


They, it would take essentially this operation and you'd have to teach good Christians how to read their Bible. And ironically kind of offer this indulgence like don't you see right here it says that you'll be blessed If you kind of worship Israel and to make them believe that it was a part of prophecy. And you know, Dr. Taylor Marshall is a good job of breaking this down of why that's not true, but also just the historical elements of who was behind the Schofield Bible, the Lotus Club in New York, funding that into existence. And it becoming sort of the first notation Bible where the notations were directly under the scripture. So they're telling you, here's the scripture, but here's how you should interpret the scripture. And Oxford Press picks this up and prints tons of copies so it becomes the most well read Bible.


And then they tell the story of like, oh, it was just like a good old pastor that one day decided to put in these notations and it's completely fraudulent. So that's where it comes from. Russia's Orthodox and you know, so the Orthodox and the Catholics who despite the schism view each other as legitimate, so to speak. That's what I was told. Look at that and go, what is, yeah, like what's happening in what's happening in America? How, how could they think this? And it's, by the way, even evangelicals in the UK don't believe what Americans believe that like, you know, the rapture will come. It's a lot, it is a lot. This person men needed now writes to Candace, you need to do an episode on the history of the early church fathers from 70 ad to 300 ad or blow a bunch of Protestants minds on how Catholic they were.


Protestants aren't taught that history. Yeah, I wouldn't be the right person to do that because I'm so new. My husband definitely would be, and he would never, because he's so English, he doesn't love a camera, it's, it's like, he's like very English about that. But you know, I can always book him once a year. So I will do my best to book him again this December and see if maybe he could do an episode on the early church fathers, or at least answer my questions. Stephen g writes, Candace, please host Catholic priest Father James Mosley and Dr. E Michiel Jones. Christ is king, logos is rising. We've had E Michiel Jones in the show. You can watch that on the website completely for free. A very interesting discussion about pornography and who brought pornography into America and why it was always considered a spiritual weapon.


So I highly advise that you watch that for free. Go over Candace Owens dot com, he's like banned everywhere. So we couldn't put that episode on YouTube. So it's on our website. Jess writes, the BB files documentary opened my eyes, we should send a copy to Trump. It's so disappointing to see this post after watching that documentary. Does Trump know about his disgusting cabinet members? I think he does, but Trump's cabinet members are like, you know, whispering in his ear like a little finger. I don't know, I don't, I don't know what Trump knows about Bebe's cabinet members or what he really knows about his own cabinet members or if Trump has just, I, I don't know. I am completely miffed and lost. I don I I, I would like to understand it, But yes, everyone should watch, get educated on your own.


As I always say in every episode fact, check me. I mean do not take my word to the bank. Go watch this documentary which was done by Israelis to learn about Bibi net and Yahoo and why they're bringing trials against him and learn about the Adelson family which also funded Trump. And you just get educated and then you'll start to see what's so problematic about what's happening in America. This strange allegiance to the state of Israel. Walter writes, you'll be attacked when you are the most annoying to the enemy. Keep on strong Candace, you are a beacon of strength and hope, love and kisses from South Africa. Thank you so much. I'm a happy warrior And I think, you know, Tucker is definitely going through it. It's crazy. I mean they are angry about that episode in a way that I have rarely seen.


I think because I went through last year, I'm so not shocked by it. And they like, they went for everything. But once you get through it and you don't give up or compromise your values, you don't go halfway with them and say, oh well I'll just stay quiet on this issue and do what you say If you let me have my life back. And you realize that like truth is the only way you then just, you're just relaxed and happy. Genuinely. I think that's also what upsets me so upsets them so much about me is like I'm just like a happy warrior and I encourage everybody to be the same. Anyways, you guys, If you have more tips about these videos that are coming out, this is not the end of this session investigation. I wanna show you guys these emails with the script that are going out to the micro influencers. And like I said, we have proof via Cash app and how they're getting paid and I'm sure it's more than one organization that's doing it and they all kind of just hit the red button.


But please send that. You're not all gonna get paid now, but send that to tips at Candace Owens dot com because it's the right thing to do. It's the right thing. And I do wanna point out the tremendous I irony of accusing me of being funded, but funding the people to accuse me of being funded like that is like you probably maybe are going to hell. I don't know for sure, but that's pretty, that's pretty slanky I would say. It's pretty skanky. Anyways, you guys, we wanna support my work since I'm not funded by guitar or Iran. You can go to can owens.com and sign up and you'll get more content. Jo content, you can join the book club. So I hope you guys get great value there. We've been having a great time reading Hollywood Babylon and we're getting ready to read our next book.


And we also have a shot in the dark available for parents as a resource to learn more about vaccines so that you know how to ask the right questions and not feel like you're a victim of your doctor telling you what to do when you have your first child or second child or beyond that. And If you are not feeling inspired to go and support us further. Let me end this with a sermon. Hands up. Hands up you guys Hands up. It's just the spirit is more with me again. And I just wanna remind you all to head to Candace Owens dot com and you will be guaranteed. I'm just gonna come right out and say it. You will be. It'll be guaranteed that you will be blessed. Amen. See you guys on Monday.