
Alright, Right guys, So, I have a, a treat for you. While we are still in the aftermath of the Kanye interview, holding that in the vaults for revealing it to the world and in the world, sort of realizing that everything that we were told about Kanye two years ago, and I'm having a mental breakdown, that he was crazy, that he was angry, was a carefully constructed lie, the media course, trying to bury him with headlines because they didn't want you to hear what he was actually saying. And then when you actually hear what he had to say, thanks to this vault interview, you went, oh, that's really interesting actually. He is, he's making some very sound points. Here's a reality that you've probably come to if you've been watching this podcast. They, virtually every person in the media that is being attacked the hardest, there is a reason that they are being attacked. There is a truth that the media is trying to obscure And.


so now I think it's my duty to speak to the most canceled quote unquote canceled people that are out there to figure out why it is the media hates them so much, and who's hated more than the Tate brothers. I really don't think there is anyone that is arguably hated more than the Tate brothers. I, I think it even they rank higher than Yay does. So I'm gonna have a conversation with both of them today. First and foremost, we are going to speak with Tristan Tate, welcome to the Candace Podcast. Welcome. I'm, I'm, I'm very happy to be here. And this is the least pregnant I've ever seen re so congratulations on the little arrival. Yeah, it's absolutely amazing. It's always a new arrival. The new arrival. I'm like, I'm either pregnant, still pregnant, pregnant again. So this is just the rare eight months doing Your job, repopulating the earth.


Exactly. I like, I love to hear it. I love to hear It. Yeah. So, I have been, I've been wanting to speak to you for a very long time, obviously when I went out to Romania the first time and interviewed just Andrew. But then I had such a remarkable conversation with you and I realized that, oh gosh, I should have definitely interviewed Tristan, because there's so much that he has to say. You're in quite incredibly well read First and foremost. But I wanna start with just speaking about traditional masculinity. And there was this one moment that you were describing to me, really the circumstances of what it took for you to survive mentally when you and your brother were put into a prison and there were no charges against you. No. Can you describe First and foremost, just remind us how long you were put into that cell, how big the cell was, and what the environment was like.


Well, Romania has a very, I guess, smart way of dealing with their prison system. What they do is, instead of investing money in the prison system, they eat all the money in fines for treating prisoners badly because it's cheaper than actually constructing new prisons. So every single prison here is built during the communist regime. None of them have been upgraded. None of them are nice at all. The cell was about four yards by th four yards by three yards. I'll use yards because I know you're an American. I like to use meters of course. But the two, two sets of bunk beds, it's tiny toilet in the corner. It's not a toilet, it's a hole in the ground quite literally. And then there's a shower overhead that is either way too hot or way too cold.


I was there for 92 days and if I had known, I'd be there for 92 days. It would've been a much easier task. However, every two to three weeks I'd have a court hearing to see if I was there for longer or if I was gonna be released and put on house arrest. So I didn't know when I was gonna get out, which was I guess the most mentally challenging part of it. But it got a lot easier towards the end when I was put in the same cell as my brother. And then my only role, my only job, my only focus was keeping Andrew mentally focused and keeping Andrew happy and making Andrew laugh. And I, I didn't even care about the fact that I was in jail because I am my brother's keeper. you know, I, it's good to have your your brother's back. So, you know, if I woke up and he was depressed or he was sad or he was angry, I didn't care about my own mental state.


Mm. It was How's Andrew doing? and that's all I really focused on. I think that it's interesting because I, I just like to assess culture where most people try to attack it. And of course when you see a movement happening, especially if it's a populist right movement, people behind Trump, they just go, it's a bunch of white supremacists that are dusting off their clansmen cloaks. Of course, yeah. They see you and Andrew. It's like, oh, it's all of these misogynist to boys who just hate women and, and want to grow up and rape them. And that's what's happening. And of course, that's, that's so silly and it's so stupid. And I always wanna claw back and really understand what it is that people are responding to and what you're hitting upon. And I think it's kind of one of the most remarkable things about you and Andrew is this, this brotherhood that when you guys speak with each other, when you are together, you, it just feels like you're watching what it is.


Family. Yeah. And pe we have been so removed from that in society, the concept of loyalty, the concept of brotherhood, the concept of looking after your family member through everything thick and thin. And you guys have definitely been through the thick and you stand by each other that when you tell that story of just like, you know, I just suddenly wanted to make sure that Andrew was okay and you're in this cell and you don't know when you're going to go out. I, I just think it's remarkable. I think it's, it's, people could never imagine what that challenge would be like to try to keep yourself sane while you are caught in this cell. Or how many hours, I mean, it's just to let you out in the play yard, Play yard play yard. This is Romania. 10 days. This is, I mean, this very average hotel is the best hotel we have.


You think the prisons have play yards? Everyone asked me that. How was the church? How was the gym? Did you get yard time? I'm like, yard time? No, no, no. You are in that room and that is it. So I was escorted to and back from the courthouse in a, in a armored police fan. and that was it. You don't leave the room. You don't ever get a chance to breathe fresh air. First time in my life I've ever been sunburned because, you know, I'm mixed race and I just tan and 10 and 10. But the horrible food in the 92 days in jail, when I first got out, it was springtime. That was the first time in my life I'd ever been sunburned because I hadn't had the sun shine on my face or my skin for all that time. No, you are just in that room. There's No window There. There is a window. I still remember the view. I could probably paint a picture from memory of the exact view.


I'm facing a very ugly communist era apartment block, and there's a tiny corner of a park. I drive past it sometimes to make myself feel better. Wow. I literally drive past my jail just to make myself smile.


All Right, guys, it's summertime. That tends to be the time that a lot of people let go of their routines. But one routine that you should never let go go of is your prayer routine. Especially now with everything that's going on in the world, which is a perfect opportunity to remind you about the Hallow app, which is the number one Christian prayer app in the world. I know that I'll be continuing my daily habit of praying by using their app. And it is a great source, such a great resource for the entire family to connect more with God. So if you're looking for a place to start, Hallow is it. You can check out their new scripture series on the Gospel of John with biblical scholar, Jeff Cavins and Jonathan Rumi, who portrays Jesus in the Chosen or some new upcoming content with Jim Kiesel, who is the actor from Sound of Freedom. And of course the passion of the Christ, which is a family favorite, incredible, real true story of Christ. Using the app is such a great way to spend a few minutes every day meditating on scripture and speaking to God about what he wants for your life. Prepare your mind and heart for the chaos of this world by building your foundation of daily prayer. Today on Hallow If, you wanna download three months for free? Just go to Hallow dot com slash Candace. Again, that's Hallow dot com slash Candace for three months free.


So the first day that you guys got out, I, I vividly remember the picture and the news and like the uncomfort tear and like you guys are, are smiling and just, can you just tell me what that day was like? Just hearing the news, I guess, did you go to the courthouse first and then they let you go? Or how did that about and what did you think and how was sleeping in your own bed? So this is the craziest thing. You have to understand that even the Romanian police officers and the Romanian prison guards knew that I was unjustly in prison. A lot of them, and I can't say their names 'cause they get in trouble, but a lot of them, the high level people in the prison would say to me, look guys, I'm sorry you're here. This is just the way it is. you know? And when I got the news that I was free, so you'd go to court and you'd wait for the phone call.


Now I, Andrew was always hopeful of going home. Andrew, every single time that we were waiting for this phone call, which was six or seven times over the the period, Andrew be like, oh, maybe we'll go home. What we can do, we can go home. I was just like, Nope, it's a matrix attack. Get them, pick up us in jail forever. We're gonna be here. Years. I just went to sleep. I ignored the, I ignored the news. So when the news came through, my lawyer told us we were going home. I literally banged on the prison door and I said, in Russia, shout in Romania. In Romanian, I'm going home. The words are mea in Romania. And everybody, the guards, the prisoners, everybody erupted in this massive cheer. 'cause everybody knew I shouldn't have been there in the first place. Everybody erupted in this massive like applause. And it was, yeah, it was a, it was a very, very good feeling and sleeping in my own bed.


It's one of those times you're not a party animal like me. You've probably never been so drunk that you wake up and You know where you are. But I've been there and it was one of those times where literally I woke up probably five, 10 times during the night and I didn't know where I was. It took a while to kind of adjust. I still had my prison beard, you know, at I've, and you feel the cockroaches, the insects, everything that used to wake you up, the mosquitoes, everything that used to wake you up in jail. You feel it in your dreams or in your subconscious and you're like, like I'd shoot awake every single time. But yeah, it was very strange. I didn't know where I was. It took me three or four days to sleep in my own bed until I, you know, realized I was actually free to walk around my house and see my friends and talk to people.


It was an experience like none other, you couldn't replicate it no matter how much money you had, no matter what, who you hired, you couldn't possibly replicate that feeling. I have a theory which came from my buddy Dave Smith, that You know part of the reason that you and your brother are being so attacked is because you represent a real threat to what you guys term The. Matrix. Yes. you know, they managed to enslave the majority of human civilization via either banking people have bank debts that they, debts that are usually accrued because of education. They've enslaved their mind to be the education system. And also they've enslaved them because if it ever came down to it, the majority of people wouldn't be able to fight for their freedom, quite literally fight for their freedom.


And you take a look at what you and your brother have built and I had not even realized how successful Hustler University was. It's, it's a full disruption to traditional education system that most kids can't afford and don't need to go into six figure debt for. 'cause it's 49 99 for a course. And I actually hired someone not realizing they were a hustler University graduate and they've been an incredible employee. Yes. And this is a person from the wrong side of the tracks who now has an opportunity and he's learning how to make money in this world. And he's not doing it because he has to first figure out how to pay all of these debts like I did with student loans. Yeah. And then you have these two brothers and they're embodying the family and they're speaking about traditional masculinity.


Like, you know, I'll beat you in a fight. Yeah. Like just that old school. Like, I will beat you up in a fight. And that's not really allowed today. You can't disrupt how they're enslaving people and without them essentially owning you, you know, and people thinking that it's something new, but it's really the same thing that's old. And you guys truly are free and sit outside of the bounds of their control. It's not just the ability to fight or the will to fight. I think what me and Andrew embody that a lot of people don't quite understand is what would you fight for? you know, a lot of people who maybe are trained, are smart, can shoot, can fight, they're not a threat because they don't have an ideology that they're willing to defend.


And I think that when I say, I gave this example to your husband who I love, by the way, quick shout, pure bromance. I love that guy. I was talking to him earlier and I said, I'm worried right now. I'm worried genuinely not about these new charges and these cases. This doesn't scare me, but I'm worried they're gonna hit Andrew with a charge for inciting riots. And I'm worried about how I'm going to get myself put in jail with him. I might just have to incite some riots myself. If they charge him with this, I'm worried about how I can get into jail to be there with him. So it's not just the ability to fight and the ability to be masculine and to be a masculine man. It's what it's giving people something to fight for your family, your ideology, your, your church, your religion.


That's what they try and strip from everybody because a willingness to fight is far more scary than an ability to fight. I say this to my friends, some of my friends are not professional fighters like me and my brother are, but my friends would be willing if I got jumped by 50 men, they'd be willing to fight. Which is a lot scarier than a man who can fight, but won't. So that's what we're trying to give people. you know, a reason, a reason to defend your beliefs. A reason to stand up for yourself, a reason to say no to all the agendas pushed down our throat. A reason to see something on TV and call it out as bullshit in front of your family members no matter how excommunicated they're you're gonna get. 'cause they're all liberals. you know, we're giving people a, a reason to stand up. And the fact that our lives have been so successful and the fact that people in hustlers university and people in our private networks have been so successful is now opening a lot of eyes.


Like, okay, well if I stick by my brothers, if I stick by my beliefs, if I stick by my friends, if I stand on my word, if I don't betray my, my my morals, this is what can happen. you know, if I was a degenerate bum sleeping outside on the streets ranting, people wouldn't listen to me. So the success is also very scary for them because I'm showing young men, like the person now works for you. He has zero student debt. He, I mean, he's a hustler. It's the only way I can describe him. He just literally, And he's fantastic at his job. He's fantastic at his job, he learned editing skills at Husler University for, what is it, 50 bucks? 50 bucks a month. So, so he probably spent two, he probably spent 200, $250 on his education. Right. And he's learning from the best in the world. Right. And yeah. That's not, they're not going to allow that.


And I, I do think that part of, of what you guys embody is what most people see as fantasy on their screens. They have this visceral response, men and women too. When you watch the movie 300, I love that movie. Yeah. It's amazing. But the reality is that the majority of people wouldn't have kicked somebody down the hole and said, no, we're fighting and looked around and said, no, we're, we're going to war. Yes, we're outnumbered. Yeah. And we're probably gonna lose. But we're, we would rather lose and have every one of the, our men in our tribe killed and murdered than to subjugate to the whims of this kingdom. And I don't think people really understand what it is they love about that movie, you know? Yes. Because it hits at something in their, in their spirits Yeah.


That they know is the way things should be. Right? Yes. And, and you are, and yeah. And you are certainly, you've kicked a few people down a few holes very recently saying no names, but we all know who I'm talking about. But yeah, it, it's a part of being on the right side of history as I see it. I don't see a world where maybe I lose, maybe we lose. I mean, who knows where it spirals into this de degeneracy, this weymar Republic of You know Post World War I Germany, and the whole world becomes a degenerate hole. I don't see a world where rational, sane people are gonna look back on me and Andrew and our message and you, because you know, the internet is now forever and people are gonna be able to watch this stuff and say, these people were wrong.


These people were truly evil. I don't think that you'll be able to psyop people that much. Mm. And I have, you know, children, you have children and I'm not going to let this world, I'm going to do the most I can. I'm gonna do my absolute best to make sure that I leave this world a better place for them. Yeah. you know, whether or not it puts me in jail or, or not. I mean, spoiler alert, I'm not a human trafficker. and that doesn't make any sense. Right. And what's actually funny is that everything that they accuse people of doing is what they are. Oh. And this gets into Oh, absolutely. I need to do a full episode on this. but like, they accused Michael Jackson of pedophilia because they are the pedophile. They are pedophiles. Like the, the, the media is literally an ecosystem that was built to protect pedophiles. Yes. Right. And once you start realizing, like we said before we got live here, that Alex Jones was right when he started, Alex Jones was Right.


Speaking about the satanic worshiping elites that are all pedophiles. Yeah. I remember first hearing Alex Jones being like, this man is like Insane. Yeah. On crack. I was, I was in my early twenties and he's sitting there super energetic as always ranting about these satanic pedophiles and how they drinking the blood of children. I was like, mm. Really? Like, there's just politicians. I mean, they're all that bad. How could that be happening? Turns out he was completely right about everything and everything. And I feel like what Alex Jones knows, 'cause here's the, here's the real scary part tip of the iceberg. Right. This is what Alex Jones knows, and this is what he's waking everyone up to. And this is what we now understand and we're trying to wake people up to. What don't we know yet? What are we gonna discover in the next 10 years? What if the culture of the world changes?


Trump gets in charge, a bunch of right wing politicians take control of Europe as they should and start digging into the files. What are we actually going to find out? That's the scary part. Yeah. We don't Know because don don't, I Don't know. I mean, the more that I learn about anything, I'm just like the school system exists to make you stupid, but convince you that you're smart. Yes. As they're going around the world deleting history. Yeah. I think it's part of the reason why we keep plundering the Middle East is because they want no relative history. Because then it allows these Marxists, 'cause that's who they are to rewrite it. And the reality is that America got overtaken by Marxism. It happened in waves like the 1848 ERs that came and established Pfizer family was in that the people who established kindergarten were in that. And then again, in 1880 after they, they assassinated the sars, the SAR in Russia.


Yeah. Second under the, under the guise of pogroms. This is what they, this was the excuse. Oh. All of these people just have to be allowed into America unchecked. Okay. But a huge portion of those people were the people that overthrew him and were actually psychopathic. Yep. And then went on to mass murder Christians. And then a few of those people then established the Diamond District in America. Yep. Julian Julius Armand, like Armand Hammer's family, Armand Hammer, the actor is named Arm and Hammer for a reason. Yes, exactly. Okay. It is known that his father was, or great, however many grandfathers was considered Stalin and Lenin's favorite Jew. Right. Which then kind of gets into the question of the media, who for a very long time tried to convince us that Stalin and Vladimir Lenin were anti-Semitic.


And then I learned, wait, Stalin was married to Yes. They were, they were literally a part of the Jewish cabal that, you know, and, and, and credit to you when I'm talking about crushing history. Yeah. Where If you even say that. Which I'm saying it. Yes. Because I looked into it and I, I found a friend who, who understands Georgian, and they're like, everybody knows that Somn was Jewish. And I'm like, but, but Americans don't know this, But 10 days, they were the good guys. They helped us defeat Nazi Germany. They were the good guys. They were n team, they Were mass murdering Christians. Oh. A hundred million People. and that say, that doesn't matter. That doesn't matter. A hundred million people go murdered. No, no, no. They're on our team. They're the good guys. That's what the history books say. It's terrifying. It's wild. Yeah. It's, and saying it gets you put in jail. Right. Saying it And, and you just spoke about why Mar Republic and I, I, I would like to talk about that more extensively because Oh yeah.


One of the things Oh, Absolutely. That I got attacked for, which shocked me. And then I realized that the elites are protecting pedophiles was I spoke about Magnus Hirschfeld. Yeah. And how he was a full sexual pervert Yes. With pedophile tendencies who would had weird sex objects all around the Sex Institute. And Again, tip of the iceberg. What don't we know about this man? That's the scary part. And they're protecting you. What will we never find out? you know, what will we never find out? That's the scary part. But yeah. Why am I republic? Is it, it's it's how the world is going. Certainly in the, in my lifetime, you're my age. Slightly younger than me. I think in my own lifetime, I've, I've seen it happen. I've seen, I've seen things on television, on the internet that wouldn't have been acceptable. I remember back in the early two thousands, they would censor music videos and they'd only play certain music videos late at night if a girl was in a bikini.


I, I literally remember that world. And to look around today at especially the United States, I may live there. Sorry. Yeah. Or the United Kingdom, my home country. It's quite frankly disgusting. And nobody seems to think it. Nobody, they did it so slowly, And so gradually. And they've infected us with this virus, which has grown over time. It's infected the minds of every single person in the UK where you don't even see it anymore. Literally, you're blind to the fact that they've destroyed your culture and destroyed a world that's safe to raise children in. Which I think is one of the goals. And yeah. For anyone who doesn't know what the y Ma Republic is, I, I encourage you to, to look it up and look at what Happened and not on Google.


Oh yeah. Not on Google. No, no, no. No way. You gotta use bitch shoot. You gotta use all these fringe websites that you know. But, but why aren't we allowed to talk about it? Why aren't we allowed to talk about the problems? There's, that's the big question. And you realize that they have taught us World War II history like we're children. Yes. Like, I mean, it's everything they've told us. Virtually everything they told us is either not true or a snippet of the truth or, or omitting something that would make us question more of their narrative. And they freaked out when I shared the A BBC documentary Know us. Yes. Yes. Because they had tried to like wipe this from the universe Yes. About how Germans were ethnically cleanse cleanse following World War ii. Yeah. So there was no war going on. Yeah. Immediately after they allowed anyone Stalins to just go in and yeah.


Poland, Czechoslovakia, they just wiped him off the face of the map. It's insane. And then to know that prior to World War ii, there's a book written by a guy, last name Kaufman, and blanking on the first name, where he said, it's, it's, Germany must perish. Yeah. Like they literally wanted to get rid of Anglo-Saxons And. so when you have that context and you're going, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why was I never told about this book, which was published in America about like, they, he wrote a book about how they would have to, you know, just annihilate them. How they had to make them infertile that they couldn't produce. And then you hear at the, at the end of that war, what was done to German speaking civilians. Yeah. and that should send a chill down your spine. Yes. That you don't know it. that is what scares me. That we were never taught it, which means that we were specifically told an angle.


and that angle has been product like, has been protected for a very long time. For a reason that must be evil because lies can only be served to protect evil. Yes. And you know what I actually, and I'm gonna get put in jail anyway, So, I don't care. I'm gonna speak my mind 'cause Oh, busy. you know, you're here. So I. I actually realized this very, very early on. So I'm, I've always been a big history buff. And when I was 19, 20, 21, I was still traveling the world a little bit. And then I realized that every single country has their own version of World War II history. Every single country is different. Even all the ones that we're supposed to agree with, every country's different. Po France teaches that, you know, the French resistance overthrew the Nazis, and they never really surrendered.


'cause the French were still fighting and they won the war, even though they surrendered. Poland obviously lost epically to both sides. However, the Polish are taught that it was the Polish men who stood up and blah, blah, blah. The Russian actually version of World War II is the most accurate that can be taught. 'cause they talk about the, all the major fighting and all the heavy lifting, essentially to defeat the Germans was done by them and all the blood was spilled by them. They're kind of correct. But as a young man, when I was reading all these different versions of World War II history and what we're taught, you know, what the Germans are taught, do you know German World War II history, if you're in school, in Germany, German World War ii history is as follows. Some evil people took over our country. Handful of people wasn't us. Very small handful of people took over our country.


And the German resistance movement, along with the allies got rid of the evil people. So then, so every country has a different history. And as a young man, I was like, well, this can't all be true. So that's when I started digging into it and understanding World War II history in a way that if I spoke it vocally in public and I had an audience, I'd get put in jail. But, but by all means, where whatever country you're from, please look into this because it's different in every country for a reason, because it suits their particular narrative. So what's the actual truth? Right. The truth is, none of the countries who won teach an accurate version of World War II history. None of the countries who won teach the actual reasons why the war happened. None of the countries who won teach the aftermath.


And you know what happened because the war was won by the people who won. So it's something, it's a rabbit hole that you, you aren't digging out publicly. And Yeah. I'll I I I'll see you, I'll see you in jail. Well, because it just takes one seed of doubt. Yeah. And. so for me, having watched a documentary in my jaw on the floor, even learning, and I think this is really why the press at Attack attacked me, that so many of the people who executed those crimes were then protected by the state of Israel. Absolutely. That's already and existential crisis for the Allied Union between Israel and America. If America started waking up and going, wait a second, why, why would you guys be protecting people who Solomon Morrell, who executed these crimes against Germans and, and you, you refuse to extra extradite him when, when they actually wanted to prosecute him Yeah.


For his crimes. That doesn't really make sense. We're supposed, we were told like, you especially should have a reaction to people that are committing a genocide against people for no reason. Sure. Then you go, okay, well that's weird. And So, it takes, for me, that was a major seed that was planted. Like, why would you not tell me about what happened to the Germans? And then when my German friends were privately thanking me and saying that my videos were going viral in Germany, and that not only were their ancestors slaughtered, murdered, or ethnically cleansed and, and pushed out, but they were, they then passed speech laws. So they can have a talk about it. I know, ever If, you think About how scary that is. They just put your child being, being lined up in shot. Yeah. They just put an 83-year-old woman in jail for questioning World War II history in Germany. I think she, I believe she's 83 or 93.


She's, she's been in jail for a long time. She said she'll never, she, She's in out, she's in outta jail just like me. And she'll never apologize. And I, I made a, i, I said this on, I said this on Twitter, on on x. I said, nobody, no judge, no lawyer, no court, nobody, nobody should be allowed to prosecute this woman unless they're older than her. Because you're taking people who have, you know, it's like your child, your child literally arguing with you about what you saw on how you lived in 1994, right. Way before they were born. And I was like, well, isn't that wild that this woman was around in 19 39, 19 44, she was around, she saw things with her own eyes. And people who were born in the 1960s and seventies are sitting behind a desk with a book of what they're supposed to think about these events saying, this woman is wrong.


I'm like, isn't that wild? Nobody who's younger than her should be allowed to even sit in that room and tell her that she has to go to jail for having her opinions. Because she was literally an eyewitness to things and Yeah. Incredibly scary. And you wanna talk about, I mean, obviously the people protected by the state of Israel. Look, who was protected by the United States. Who was the, who was the, who was the first CEO essentially of, of nasa, Warner Von Brown, the man who invented the V two rocket, the man who, you know, invented this weapon of, of, of death That was, you obviously hit London a couple times. He was the best rocket scientist in the world. But because he was a rocket scientist. Okay, cool. You come to the United States. Oh yeah, you're fine. Oh, you were just, you were just doing your rocket science. But we don't care that you were assessed because we know you just needed the funding.


Yeah. And that should make people ask some questions. Every, like, you're told that you went to go crush them. But then we had A Program, Took them all, everyone useful, you know, was suddenly an American citizen. He's bo he's buried in the same graveyard as all the American war heroes and presidents, et cetera. and yeah, he's, he's, he's buried in a graveyard, I believe in Washington DC alongside ex-presidents, war heroes. People who fought in the American Civil War. He's like, he's given a heroes, heroes, burial, heroes funeral. But he was an SS officer quite literally. And all the photos of him in his SS uniform have been scrubbed from the internet. You can't find them on the internet. And it's like, well, why don't you just admit it? We don't care. He's been dead a long time. Why don't you just admit, because it's what You did.


Yeah. Comes the seed of V Israel, the United States. Why don't you just admit what you did? These, it's not what you did. The people who did this are long dead. Why don't we just admit what actually happened and talk about real history. Right. And talk about what conversations were had and who was flown where, and who was protected by who. Everyone's gone now. Everyone's gone. We're their great grandchildren? Well, because they, they're still mining that fake history to allow them to do things today, And. so part of the reason why, and, and it, it breaks my heart because, you know, I'm, I'm friends with so many Jewish people that I grew up with, and they have fallen victim to the same trap of BLM in Black America, where Yes, they teach you traumas about your history in the classroom, and then you have this like fear of, it's like, oh, slavery's gonna come back unless I go out and defend like George Floyd dying.


Like, I'm like, wait, that doesn't really make sense. And it's the same for Jewish Americans. I'm like, why are you defending the state of Israel when they're killing children? You literally don't have to, like, you're not required to defend George Floyd because you're black. You're not required to defend the stuff that Theodore Herzl and BB net and Yahoo were up to, simply because you're Jewish. But you see that this sort of psychological, like It's a trigger. It's a trigger. It's a trigger that they plan on purpose. Like Exactly. Oh, if people start questioning, oh, the Holocaust is gonna come back. Yeah, no, I have no interest in the Holocaust coming back. However, I think the state of Israel are war criminals. And I've said this a million times and it gets me in a lot of trouble. But I was actually, I was genuinely with a Jewish friend of mine last night and he was a, we were talking very briefly on the subject, 'cause don don't really care to discuss the state of Israel.


Everyone knows that what I think about them, and I said, well, I think the governments of most countries are war criminals. I think the current administration of the United States are war criminals. I don't personally dislike Americans. You're American. I don't personally dislike people who are from Israel. I'm just telling you, you are government are a bunch of criminals. And that's the way it is. And I could say the same about probably what 75% of the governments on the planet. That's not a personal hatred for anyone. You're allowed to call out the crimes of governments. Right. And you're not required to defend your government's crimes. Exactly.


Taking a quick break, I know we're having a great conversation, but there's a way that you can drink coffee, have great conversations, support this show, and that's If. you start drinking Seven Weeks Coffee. I'm really excited to tell you guys about that because it aligns perfectly with our mission to rescue lives. Why is it called Seven? Weeks Coffee? Well, because at seven weeks of development, a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the first time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support ultrasound services at pregnancy care centers across the country. Now, I wanna be clear, the coffee is fantastic. They are super specific about what they're putting into your bodies. The coffee's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acidic, and it's organically farmed. Plus it comes from the top one to 2% of beans in the world. Here's what you need to know, Seven Weeks Coffee is launching an exciting new initiative. It's called Drink More Coffee, save More Lives exclusively for my listeners, when you subscribe, you'll save at 15% and you'll get a free drink, coffee save Lives tote bag on your first order. Everybody needs a new tote. Right? That's not all exclusively for my audience. If. you use Code Candace at checkout, you'll save an additional 10% giving you a total of 25% savings on your first order. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace to save 25% off. Again, that's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com code Candace at checkout for 25% off


And. so it's, it's totally insane to, to see people that feel rushed. And it's because of this psychological trauma and psychology. And this is kind of another thing that triggered the pedophile defenders who are the mainstream media today. Yes. I started digging off Sigmund Freud and realize this pedophile, his dad was a pedophile, his grandson was a pedophile. It's a family of pedophiles. And this is, gets into that broader point about what Alex Jones was saying is that, you know, they did studies to see that how to create a psychopath. Yeah. you know, I now believe they are creating leaders. I, there's a reason why everyone in the west is a homosexual man. Yeah. Like a closeted homosexual, not even closet. They're is as gay as you can Possibly be. And they're all from the WE Fre, all from wf. They're all, they're all groomed and groan in exactly the same environments. Weird Stories. Yeah. you know, the BVI Macron thing, obviously that's a dude Skull bone.


It's a dude that at the very least, the press won't even touch the fact that it's at least statutory rape. Right. It's at Least, yeah. It's at least statutory rape grooming At least. And which is not normal because most 40-year-old women are not like attracted to 13-year-old kids. Right. And they've tried to lie about the timeline to obscure that. And then on top of that, you learn that Macron was raised by his grandma, who also happened to work at a trans clinic, one of the first trans clinics ever to perform surgeries. It's like, dude, do you understand that what's happening is they are essentially, and this is Sigmund Ford was a kabbalist, and they believe in bisexuality. They, they, you know, worship baff it, they are trying to use psychology to introduce, and I read this in a book by a Jewish historian, David Bacon to introduce make their religion the religion of the world.


Yes. Right. Which is a pedophilic pedophile, pedophile centric religion that believes in demons, it believes in child sacrifice. And it is the reason that we have the circumstances that we are in today. And most people won't be able to find this history. And they think Sigmund FUD was like a hero. You know, my favorite video in the entire world. It's not a clip on from your podcast, I apologize. My favorite video clip in the whole world is a clip just after I got arrested, because there is a man who works for the BBC sitting behind a news desk telling the world that me and my brother are dangerous, dangerous, sexual criminals. That man's name is Hugh Edwards, who turned out to be a pedophile. And now he's been arrested and confessed and been pled guilty to all this child pornography and having category a sexual images of children.


I'm not gonna tell you what that means, but please look it up. So it's my favorite clip in the world. There's a literal pedophile, a literal child pornographer, sitting behind a news desk telling the world that me and my brother are dangerous, se dangerous sexual criminals. and that will forever be my favorite video. And if that doesn't confirm everything you just said, I don't know what else does. Like you said, they accuse Michael Jackson of being, being a pedophile because they are pedophiles. The people in these establishments are the most depraved people that exist. And they are all under this cosh of blackmail. They're, they all do these things. Everyone knows they do these things and they're happy to feed one or two of them to the lions every now and again when they get exposed.


But they'll point the finger at, I don't, I don't know what they're gonna accuse you of next, A black American woman. It's, it's, it's much harder than a man. Like, it's, It's getting tricky. They're trying a lot Of stuff. A men like me with a complicated sexual past, it's easy to just say, oh, well no, he was a rapist. Well, he was, he was. This, and men, men are much easier to attack. don don't know what they're gonna attack you with. Yeah. But when criminal charges or whatever are launched against you, I'll be the first to defend you because I will know that they're bullshit And they're looking. Yeah. I mean, they're, they're clawing through everything. And my person that works with me told me that he believes they have like a pi on me, like a for private investigator. Oh, sure. Yeah. Just like crawling through my life and I'm going, this is insane. It's because I'm, I'm waking people up to the fact that pedophiles are in power. Yes. They're literally in power. And that is intentional because then they can be controlled while they are in power.


And they are also exhibiting signs of a psychopathology pathology that lets them know that they will do harm to the masses and feel nothing because they were themselves, many of them raped when they were children. Yep. It is not a coincidence that Justin Trudeau is gay at, at Obama. Gay zelensky. Gay Emmanuel Macron gay and married to a trans man who molested him when he was a child. and that despite the overwhelming evidence, like I, for me, va litmus test now was like, Bridget Macron. I'm like, I If you wanna figure out who was a fraud in media. There's no way to read that six part series and go through it and come out of it being like, no, totally legit. Like Yeah. This, these are just rumors. It's like one picture of yourself in your first 30 years of living, please.


Yeah. And they Show me her brother. Where's Your brother? Well, he, Where is it John? I'll also you my I'll also you my brother. Yeah. Yeah. Where's your, where's where's your brother? Yeah. It's, it's actually honestly that simple. And that's the crazy thing. It, it would be so easy to dismiss this, it would be so easy to make it go away and then to sue you for everything you you have, it would be the easiest thing in the world if it weren't true. Right. And, and it is true. And that is very terrifying. And part of it, I think that is part of the psychology is I think it's very scary for people to come to terms with the fact that everything's an illusion. Mm. That they have been always invested in yellow journalism. That Sigmund Ford was the father of treating people, like learning how to gaslight people.


All these women were saying that they were being raped. And he said, I'm gonna create psychoanalysis and tell these women that no, they're just attracted to their dads. No, they were being raped when they were seven years old. Because that's what you do when you worship the Kabbalah. Right. And then he was like, oh my gosh, this, this can work. Then that became propaganda. Like whenever somebody got caught doing something or somebody was about to come out and say something, they would diagnose that person as either insane. Like they're totally insane, they're on drugs. And then they'd have their friends in the press create this propaganda and people believe it. They go after a Kanye, they go after Tristan Tate and Andrew Tate because they've realized the voices that cannot be controlled have to be shut up. Some people killed. Do you think they've overplayed their hand? I Do. I I think, you know, I have to give credit to my brother.


He was on a podcast with Patrick Bet David before we went to jail, when Andrew was first canceled. And Andrew said, I am so popular I could stream and post anywhere I could do live videos of me just talking on pornhub.com and my fans will watch me. They can't cancel me. And they've really messed up by canceling me because I've put a crack. The, the crack in the dam is now gonna break. And when Andrew said that, I mean, I didn't, of course I believed in him and I knew he was very famous. I knew he had a big fan base. But I think the cancellation, and especially the false charges and the false accusations, I think they really have overplayed their hand because now they can't stop this cascade of truth of, of people speaking their minds.


Even if people are wrong, they can no longer stop it. The tactics that they had five or six years ago would've hurt me and would've hurt you. Yeah. If they, if, if they, you know, had played the hands in. However, now with, I mean with Elon only X and, and Chris over a rumble and all these various platforms, the youth are smart enough to find the people they wanna listen to wherever they stream and wherever they are. So yeah. I think they really have overplayed their hand. And I think a little bit, little bit. It's timing, But it, but it's the only, and and it's the only trick they know though. So what are they gonna do next? Start shooting us. Yeah. I, I genuinely don't know. Well That's it. I like, I think that is their methods based on this book that I was reading that was banned in America in the sixties called Hollywood Babylon, is like, they would just kill artists.


Either say they were drug addicts Yep. Commit them or kill them. And once anybody was in their Hollywood cult and woke up to what was going on and to see that, that this is the same strategy that they've been employing like since the 1920s in America, they're employing the exact same strategies, like trying to convince people they're either insane or they mysteriously died of a drug overdose. And don't ask any further questions. Yeah. 'cause here's some stuff we're gonna tell you about, you know, that will just distract you because there's so many headlines and I think that people are very much awake to it. I think the success of my show independent shows that they're not buying the smear attacks. You guys continue to be extremely successful despite the fact I think you're a threat. Yeah. And giving this information to people and telling them what books they should read so they can actually learn the real history.


And like, why is Sigmund Freud taught to me as a hero in school when he was a pedophile? Yeah, right. A, a homosexual pedophile. Just like all of the elites. What was the Wyer republic that you're, that you're speaking about? Why are we being lied to about World War ii? What else happened at World War ii? W why were there, you know, prostitution rings and, and children who were being sexualized in this republic. And I think that when people start looking and they realize, hey, this kind of looks a lot like what's happening right now in the West, they will realize that we're fighting true evil. But I think it's biblical and I wanna talk to you about your faith. Go ahead. I know I'm, I'm ready for this. So my theory Yeah. You've, you've, you've been bullying my brother, I hope. and Yeah, no, I'm going to Good.


Don't worry. But he, my theory is that part of the reason that there are so many wars is because they're destroying history. Yes. They're destroying old relics. They're not you, you don't know where you come from. The fact that I don't, I can't go back more than a couple of generations because I'm a black American. It allows, it's the largest war is the largest human trafficking operation in the world. But the people that are behind these wars know Exactly. They can trace their family lineage back to the Bible. Yes. Right. And. so they're confusing everybody else because there's something, there's a wisdom that comes with ancestry. The, the Bible tells us who, who and what these tribes were If, you don't know what your tribe is. It allows them to have a tremendous amount of power over you. You don't realize they're keeping their tribe intact while they're essentially using multicultural and war and open borders to just kind of deplete everybody else's.


Yeah. Which I think is fascinating. And then when I started studying more about like the Kabbalah and how this came from Babylon, you know, and we're kind of seeing the same thing happen right now. Like Hollywood has become Babel, lotts, these false idols, the things that are happening. It really actually really tethered me to my Christianity. Yeah. Like really brought me back to like, okay, this is and will forever be a Holy War. And that's why you insist in everybody to being an atheist, even though you believe in child sacrifice. Exactly. You believe in the Bible and That you and I, and I was, I was, I I admit I was shamefully, shamefully thought I was an atheist for a long time. Me too. And God, how did, how I can't, even if I could talk to my younger self and probably punch him in the face You know I would.


But yeah. Everything that's happening in the world, even You know I am labeled agent of Russian disinformation by the remaining government. Oh, perfect. Wonderful. And my crime was speaking to people who came across the border from Ukraine. That's it on Instagram, asking them questions live on Instagram. That's why I was labeled a agent of Russian disinformation. So what these people were all what paid actors, paid actresses, a lot of them knew exactly what was happening and why they were fleeing to Romania. A lot of people knew the reasons. But again, child trafficking, human trafficking, all the orphanages in Ukraine are empty. Why? Where have the kids gone? This is something that people need to look into. I'm not sure If, you looked into it yourself. you know, everyone's worried about, oh well the, the men are dying and 500,000 Ukrainians have lost their lives and it's a war that can't be won against the war, the Russian war machine, et cetera.


Well, Russia have moved in and taken the territories they've taken, tried to reestablish them. Obviously Russian Orthodox Christianity is, is legal in the places that that that, that they've taken look into, and I'm not gonna speak too much on the topic 'cause I'm on the border of Ukraine and you know, it's, it's quite, it's a's s it's a sensitive subject in this part of the world. But look into the orphanages of Ukraine. Look into the orphanages that were run by the church. They took care of all these kids where have all the kids gone now the church is being banned now their voices are being silenced. It's human trafficking all over again. And that's why they will accuse people like me and Andrew of human trafficking, some bimbo who was here for four days, made some story up and they'll push it and push it and push it and push it. And no one looks into what's happening with every war zone on the planet.


The kids go missing, The kids go missing. and that, and that's absolutely terrifying. And then when you add to that, and that's why I've been giving people the actual books and the resources, and I'm glad that you brought up NASA and the Satanic origins. Like, I'm so, like the moon landing didn't happen. Get outta my face. It's so stupid. It's like totally a psychological operation because they just keep evaporating money saying it's going to NASA and nobody knows what's going. It's just a black budget. Yeah. And it also got people to invest in the idea of worshiping man and science over worshiping. Like I love what you said recently. I've left the cult of science. I'm glad you loved it. 'cause the media said that I was the dumbest person in the entire world. That's how I knew I was smart. No, I Loved it. Yeah, exactly. you know, with the media says, that's How I knew I was onto It. Yeah. When the media says something Yeah. With whenever the media say like the opposite is usually the truth.


That that's that's my But when you said I've left the cult of science, I'd never thought of it that way. 'cause I used to be one of these nerds, atheists, you know, science is the be all end all explains everything. Yeah. I've left the cult of science as well. Unless I've studied in a certain field and I understand that certain field as well as the scientists who are telling me things do, then I'm not going to take your word for it anymore. It's as simple as that. And you made this, you made the comment about the flat earth and you know, there's a bunch of people need to know who are gonna love me talking about this, however, but it's not about flat earth or not flat earth. I no one understood the comment you made. No, they understood it. Yeah. Well, they, they tried to, they tried to spin it. But your point is, I'm not taking your word for anything anymore.


And I completely, completely agree with that. I mean, I hold a bunch, a bunch of beliefs and I believe in obviously a lot, a lot of what scientists have discovered over the years. And you know, there's, there's good scientists and there's bad scientists. There's the covid vaccine, then there's Jonas Slk with his polio vaccine, which is maybe a slightly more moral than the, we go down the rabbit hole, If you like slightly a more moral cause than today's covid vaccine. And I'll pick and choose what I believe in, but I'm not taking your word for it. Right. And, and that's the way to do it. and that, because everything I've realized about science has led to, it's so funny, people don't believe in religion. They think, you know, witches and the co concept of people curses and spells and all of this stuff is reserved for Harry Potter. And then I say to them, oh, you don't believe in potions. What do you think vaccines are.


Yeah. You're being poisoned. What do you think alcohol is? Obviously all of this stuff is real. You just don't realize that it is, they are, they are battling for your spirit. And I believe that the vaccines that are being introduced, because that was my huge awakening, thank God I was vax injured. Yes. When I was 20. Because then I was suddenly like, why did I get this vaccine? That was like a weird fee. I just, like, they did a commercial, said I needed it. I then I looked into the statistics and the statistics were a complete nonsense. Yeah. I, there was zero fear that anything was gonna happen to me for this guard Gardasil vaccine. Next thing I know, I'm like having a seizure on the floor. Yeah. And then right then I said, okay, I'm all done with like, trust the science, trust the doctors. Yeah. Kind of feels ridiculous to think that your baby's Bo born wrong and science can fix them when They come up.


It immediate needs in Oculus. God got this Wrong. Right. And people believe this because they've intentionally made us atheistic in this via the school system. Yep. The people, again, they worship The Kabbalah created the idea of rationalism. The Enlightenment. The enlightenment was not the enlightenment, it was the darkening. Yes. Okay. I agree. It's the darkening of humanity. I agree. People now don't know where they come from. They think they derived from apes because I don know. I guess Charles Darwin said, so who knows? Now suddenly they're invested in man And in the age that was completely ruled by, by God And religion was is now the Dark Ages. The dark ages. So yeah. So the Dark Ages and the Enlightenment, you're right. They, they did a bait and switch there. They did a ba, they did a bait and switch on everybody. And what and what and what were those? The, the dark ages? They were Christian.


Yes. The Christian Age. There's always been a Holy War. Yes. Everything I realized when I go and revisit it in school that I was lied about was I was lied about Christianity. They, they're essentially making you hate Christians and Catholics without you even recognizing they're doing it. Lied to about the Spanish Inquisition. Yeah. Lied to about the enlightening, like always told that like at every turn the Catholics and the Christians were doing something wrong. And Like colonizers. Yeah, yeah. Colonizers. That's, that's the famous one. you know, they always joke, they say You know you could be, you know, black pride, Mexican pride, but you can't be, you can't have white pride and can't be proud to be white and everyone. And everyone's like, oh well white people did this and white people did that. And I'm like, well, sorry Mexicans, I love you all my Mexican fans. But you were literally before the Christians got there committing human sacrifice to make sure that the sun would rise.


So shut the up about evil things that you think white people did for a second. Because I could take any culture anywhere in the world and give it the same pr spin that the media use against the white people in the Europeans and make your cultures look like savage backwards nonsense. Which a lot of it genuinely was, no offense to my Mexican Fed. 100% true. Okay. I hate to interrupt again, but I have to tell you guys about American. Financing I know the stress, the economic stress that so many people are going through right now. Feeling like you are constantly having to put your expenses on a credit card, which obviously only increases the stress because you're trying to find a way out of the never ending cycle of debt. Well, here's something you can do. You can call my friends at American Financing. They're helping people just like you turn things around by using the equity in their homes to pay off high interest debt.


They understand what you're going through and they talk to people in your position every single day. American Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month, which when you total it comes to effectively a $10,000 a year raise. And If you wanna get started, you may not even have to pay next month's mortgage payment. If, you call them today. There is no better time than right now to turn your situation around. So call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. It's funny because in talking about that cult of science too, I was reading CS Lewis's abolition of man.


Yeah. And he starts talking about the, this idea of like an ape in trousers. This is what we're creating. Right. Society, they're convinced they're intelligent. They're the dumbest people you could ever speak to because they're getting degrees and they're being inoculate with propaganda. And they trust the science so much that if the science told them not to eat food, they'd all die of starvation. Yes. Right. Because like, oh, well look, a scientist, he went to school, he knows that I shouldn't be eating food at all anymore. And they would all die. They there, there's no gut or God instinct as I like to call it. There's no God instinct anymore because they have just been purposefully polluting people. But I think about that now when I see these people speaking about their data and where they got, where their degrees from. I'm like, you are an eight. Oh, the studies, the studies, Andrew, the studies show. Oh, the studies show the studies.


My father used to say, you could buy an education, but you can't buy intellect. My brother and I, I have, we left school when we were 15 years old. That's it. We're self-made multi-millionaires. So, and I know I have lots of people who work for me who have university degrees. However, I'm sick of people waiving these pieces of paper around thinking they're somehow better than me. don don't care about your piece of paper that says your a hundred thousand dollars in debt. And don don't care how much you trust the studies. I don't care how much you trust the data. Did you collect it yourself? Did you collect it with me? No. Then don don't give a shit. It, it's very, very simple. 'cause the studies show the vaccine is safe and effective and everyone's fine. My mother quite literally had a heart attack in a year and a half ago, and I, no, sorry, seven, eight months ago. And I, the Covid vaccine, she's a healthy woman.


She exercises nine months before that. She had two doses of this poison. 'cause other family members convinced her to do it, even though I told her, don't ever take this stuff. And she had a, she had a heart attack because of this. And you know, the studies show safe and effective. And, and she went to the hospital and the doctors told her, you love this. It wasn't because of the vaccine. My mom's like, oh, it wasn't 'cause of the vaccine. The doctor said, so, oh, the doctor who told you to take the vaccine? Well that's funny, isn't it? And that, that's I guess airing my dirty laundry a little bit with these arguments I've had with my mother. But it's important for people to know, I I I want to tell the world that this happened because you have to stand up to people who will wave studies and data and science in your face and try and tell you that this is the way to do things because X, y, and Z said so.


Yeah. Who wrote the study? Do I know him? What kind of person is he? you know, what's his agenda? What's he invested in? Where's his money? What banks does he use? You tell me these things and I'll listen to your study. Yeah. And the, and it's so funny because they, they really do believe in themselves. It's like elite academic class of people who have never accomplished really anything other than speaking. Right? Yeah. Like they're just like, oh yeah, I'm so smart and I can read this. And it's like, Hey, great. You can't survive. You literally can't survive. Yeah. So the fact that you and I are in the same topic of conversation and that I've made it from the wrong side of the tracks and you had a cushiony life provided for you and, and we're in the same room, should automatically imply to you that I'm actually smarter than you. Right. Like, I didn't have to do the dweeb thing and get 27 degrees to convince myself and my ontologist.


The fact that we made it from nothing to where you are in the same conversation should let you know that we're smarter than you. Actually There there's a saying I like, and it's actually from Take me to jail, it's from a street pimp called Pimping Ken. And he once said, If, you knew better, you'd do better. And I think about that all the time. 'cause these people with 1000 to followers, you know, PhD in their name broke no money, small house car are quick to trash you and are, they're quick to trash me online. I'm like, If, you knew bear. You do bear. Like, it's a stupid saying from the streets, from the hood. But I'm like, I don't wanna listen to you. You can't pay your bills.


And you're sitting there waving your piece of paper at me and I'm perfectly comfortable and all my kids are fed and happy and everywhere my mother flies on private jets. What are you telling me about your education for? Right. Like, why don't you go and take that education and wave it as somebody who's gonna give you some money, who's gonna make your life better. So yeah, I really do love that saying and I kind of, I kind of live by it. So when people are barking at me, I'm just like, I don't, I don't care what you think, you know? Yeah. If you because you haven't applied it at all. And it's obviously not useful in the real world because you are where you are and I am where I am so Well They just, they've recreated and it's Machiavellian. But I, I very much believe that we're still seeing a slave plantation. Like these people are slaves. I agree. Their minds have been enslaved.


Imagine being able to train a bunch of slaves to enslave themselves and to pay you $100,000 for the pleasure of enslaving them. Yeah. That's where we're at now. And then they'll point, that's where we're at now. Then they'll point at you and tell you you are a slave who devil left the plantation because you are sensible and you say things that are smart. They're literally all programmed to take its crabs in a bucket. The other crab was crawling out the bucket and all these idiots are trying to pull you back in. So yeah, it, it is a slave plantation. This is what Andrew always talks about escaping The, Matrix, The, Matrix. I mean you could call it the deep state. You can call it The Matrix. You can call it anything you like. There's all different, there, there's many different terminologies for this. But when you were a slave, you got a house to live in and you got food to eat and you had to do your work.


Now you do your work, they give you money and you use that to buy food in the house you live in it. Not much has actually changed. And you need these days monumental wealth or influence of success to even rise above the plane and look down on what's actually happening. When you're trapped inside of it, you can't see it. Which is why it's very easy to point at people like you and to point at people like me and just call us sex traffickers, criminals, you know, uncle Toms all the crap that they throw at you because you know, actually doing the work and applying themselves to get to the point where they can see things from your perspective is way too difficult. They'd love it if they could And so much of it just, it's about having the confidence to keep going. And they do try to break people. 'cause they're all about psychology.


It's like, how do we break somebody's psychologically Oh yeah. Into just getting into line. And I was speaking about with your brother, just that CIA study where they wanted to see if they could convince somebody literally not to believe their own eyes. Yes. If enough people said that something that wasn't there. Yep. Right. Would you suddenly pretend that you saw it too? Yeah. Right. Yeah. And they determined yes. That that is how peer pressure works. A hundred percent. If somebody, if everybody just tells you something and even every your own eyes are saying, man, that's really not a woman. That's a dude in a dress. Yes. But the peer pressure, the fear of being pushed out, not being welcomed into polite society. It's like a homie polite society is being run by a bunch of homosexual pedophiles. I don't wanna be part of that society. Yeah, exactly. I'm good. I'd rather, I'd rather be in jail Friends. Yeah. Yeah. Cut Me off. Put me in jail. Yeah, it's fine.


I'm safe in jail. Yeah. You know. And that's my, my position. I think as a parent, like you If, you don't have a bottom line. And that's what we're seeing right now. If, you can be essentially curated or essentially forced into supporting pedophilia. That's where we're at. It's like, I'm like, okay, okay, I supported this blah, blah, blah. Okay, I got the vaccine, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, what about pedophilia? Yes. Like, are you gonna have a backbone and stand up when you recognize that pedophilia is going on? And the answer for so many people is, no, I'm gonna wait for somebody else to do it. Well, look at the US southern border again. Like with Ukraine, where are the kids all separated from their parents? I mean, there was a, God, it heard Steven say it, there was a girl who was found 11, 12 years old.


She had like nine different DNA samples inside of her when she came across the southern border. It's like, it's not about refugees and migrants trying to make a better life. They're literally sex trafficking kids. The guy who made the movie, the Sound of Freedom is a very good friend of mine. I actually met him in this hotel very recently. And they're trying to hit him with charges now. They're trying to hit hit him with charges. And the people in the people who the movie is about, the people who were trying to rescue kids in southern America, they're now getting hit with charges. Isn't it wild that these people are fighting the good fight? And I think I'm, I'm fighting the good fight. I don't tell, what if I meet people occasionally online? No one in the real world has anything bad to say to me. They're like, yeah, but we know I know your views and you're a misogynist and you're this, you're that.


I say, tell me something I've said that's offended you. They can't tell me, Tristan Tate tell me something I've said that's offended you and they can't do it. But yeah, I'm just trying to open people's eyes and live, live a good righteous life. Yeah. Good Christian life. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's very difficult. But I, I do think that, like we've said, that something has shifted now and I think people are starting to pay attention and they're realizing, 'cause we're, we're inching ever closer. Like, we're very close to losing the western world. There's no question about that. Oh yeah. And it's important that everybody does the research. And like I said, that book chaos really woke me up to what was happening. Because even the theory that I thought was the craziest that Alex Jones had, that they're creating school shooters. Yes. Then became obviously plausible once I read this about the programs which they created, they're, they're literally creating serial killers.


They've done it in the past. Like this is just a fact. That's why I said to everyone, it's required to read it. You must read it to understand that they have pulled off hoaxes. That they are intentionally trying to train people to be serial killers. That they experiment with LSD to try to figure out if they could implant false memories into somebody's mind. Yep. They've done all of these things. And then you realize Alex Jones is telling you the truth. You realize that Kanye is an effing hero. Yeah. He is. For surviving Hollywood. I'd love to talk to him Monday. I Absolutely, I'll make it happen. But for surviving Hollywood, they tried to MK Ultra him. They literally in this book describe how they successfully, the doctors were able, the CIA doctors were able to successfully give people mental disorders. Right. So that makes you look at Britney Spears different.


Yeah. Makes you look at Kanye West different. Yeah. So essentially if a, a celebrity wakes up and sort of realizes when they say they're going in for exhaustion, it means that they are, they are about to inject them and they can give them disorders. You know, when I knew psychology was bullshit, I don't remember where I read this. There was a study done where they take two or three random people and put them into a room, a waiting room, say a doctor's waiting room with 15 trained actors. And every two and a half minutes a beep would go off, beep. And every actor would stand up for a second and sit down. And that'd be it. Every two and a half minutes beep, the actors would stand up and sit down and the people who were placed in the room would look around and not really know what's going on.


And eventually after 3, 4, 5 beeps, they'd start doing it. They'd, they'd copy everyone else. They'd beep, they'd stand up and they'd sit down. And a very few people in this study, very few people will just sit down the whole time and think these people are doing, and I knew psychology was bullshit when I read this study and saw that the people who didn't stand up and sit down were labeled psychopaths. These people are psychopaths because the environment didn't affect them or whatever. I'm like psychopaths, I'm not standing up for a beep. Every, you can call me a psychopath all you like. And I think it's very scary, psychologists, the way they can label you something dangerous and suddenly say, you need to take this drug.


You need to take this medication. Then for Covid, they said, people that are not prone to trusting the vaccine are psychopaths. Psychopaths. There we go. I was, I'm, I'm a psychopath don. Don't wanna tell you guys, I'm a total psychopath. I'll Own it. But also I, you know, I love this. I I love that everyone's different. You're different from me. George is different from Andrew. I love that everyone's different. And there is a sliding scale, certainly of personality types. Emotionality. Some people cry at movies, don don't cry at movies. But when you take us and put us on that scale of emotionality, let's say the person who cries at movies and me, who doesn't. Right? Where along this scale do you say, okay, psychopath. Okay, manic depressive drugs, you know, can't we just accept that everyone's different? No. And some No, we can't.


We can't. No. And some people are emotionally cold and some people wear their heart on their sleeve, as we say in the United Kingdom. Can we just accept that without making this sliding scale and saying, well, once you pass this certain point that this guy with this PhD says you need to be medicating for being a psychopath. And once you pass this certain point, you have to be medicate for being a manic depressive. And I'm not saying that psychological disorders aren't real, and I'm not saying they don't exist. What I'm saying is I will never sit in a room with any of these mother and give them the opportunity to put me on that scale and tell me that I need to take X drug or Y drug because of y My life's fine If, you knew better. You'd do better. Mr. Psychologist, you're broke. I'm not interested in listening to you and having you put me on your scale and tell me I need to take this drug because I'm a psychopath or a manic depressive or wherever you wanna label me.


Can we just accept that people are different? It's fine. I I think that You probably cry in movies more than I do. I don Dunno, If you Do about this. Yeah. Actually that's the only time I cry. It's so weird. Yeah. Well there we go. Literally Only movies. you know, Ken DI think you might be a manic depressant. Yeah. I'm like, I don't know. I hold it all. Have you tried pro? I'm like, this is the reality is that they're trying to essentially get everybody on drugs for this reason. Because they're creating the disorders. They're not solving them. I know And. so they're constantly diagnosing your kid hyper. Oh yeah. Well how weird if he wasn't hyper. He is four years old, he should be wanting to take off of walls. Well, he won't pay attention in math class. What little boy wants to sit down and open a book and as opposed to being, going outside and screaming and running around with a sword. Exactly. And. so they create, they, they present everything as disorders. So they can give you the drugs that will eventually give you the disorder that you think that you're avoiding. Like they're drugging children now for being excited.


Drugging women, for being sad, drugging people for experiencing human emotion, by the way. Yes. Do you have an emotion? You need a pill? Yeah. You said you were anxious. Yeah, I'm anxious. I have test tomorrow. Well, there's a pill for that that will help. It's like, no, I don't need a pill. Like I, this is a, I gotta learn how to deal with this human emotion Going on. I need them to, I need them to stop trying to put me in jail. That's what I need. I don't need anxiety medication. I need them to stop trying to lock me up. Right. Exactly. It's, it's the, the external factor matters. I don't need to, like, there's thing wrong with me. Actually. There's something wrong with me if I didn't feel that way about them constantly trying to lock me Up. You know I refuse. People know this about me. I refuse to take any pills for anything. Yeah. I I'm the same way. I can't sleep no sleeping pills. Yeah. My sh I've had a bunch of surgeries and reconstructive surgeries on my arm that my shoulder hurts. No, no pain pills. I like to know how much it hurts.


So I know how injured is You know. Now don don't take pills for anything ever. Supplements are different. Vitamin C Yeah. I take melatonin if I can't Sleep. But however, I I just, I just, yeah. I don don don't take pills. 'cause I just don't like it. I don't like the idea of needing to convince my mind that reality isn't real. If my hand hurts. That's reality. Right. A painkillers is, it's fake. I think my hand doesn't hurt, but it it should and it does. Yeah. And nowadays everyone, everyone's looking for the quick fix. Everyone's looking for the quick fix fix. So it's very easy, especially when your life's a mess. When your life isn't in order to lean on the mental health crutch. And I'm not saying mental health problems don't exist 'cause they very much do. But it's very easy to be special.


It's very easy to be told that, oh, oh well you've got depression or you're a manic depressive, it's fine. Okay fine. Well my life's, everything's falling apart around me. It's, oh, but you know, I'm a manic depressive. That makes me unique. That makes me special. I can You know. I, I see people type the worst on the internet. And now what I hate is the terms survivor for things that can't kill you. I don't like that term being used for things that shark attack survivor. I'll give you mental health survivor. What the fuck does that even mean? You've been sad before. Well, me too. Like, like I can't stand it. And it's a very easy way to get the quick fix, to make you feel special, to make you feel like nothing is your fault.


To absolve yourself of all responsibilities instead of absolving yourself through your sins, through our Lord Jesus Christ. You can, you know, absolve yourself of your sins and your failures through mental health. Yeah. I Person think that's part of the reason that the clip of me telling like a college kid, like life's tough. Get a helmet. Like Yeah. And that's what the whole society needs. Like I'm sad. Okay. Life suck, get a helmet, You know. and that, that's kind of the way that I was raised is that I wasn't raised within Snowflake culture. Yeah. you know, when you have to survive, you're not treated like you're a special snowflake with, you know, bumpers and oh my gosh. You don't wanna run into anything and people should be conditioned that way because it wakes you up to the reality of the world. That's all I teach people that You know to be alive is to suffer. you know? Yeah. You're gonna have moments of elation, you're gonna have moments of suffering. And unfortunately so many people are turning to therapy and psychologists which trap them in this cycle of constantly thinking about the thing that makes them sad.


Yeah. It's like, no, that's not healthy. Move on in your life. Yeah. Literally. You don't need to sit down in a chair and constantly go over this thing. Oh you cheated on me. She made sure. It's like, that's move on. You just gotta move on from that bad thing that happened. Like that pain is a part of your growth. It's a part of your experience and you gotta keep moving on.


Alright, Right guys, I have to tell you about Native Path because finding an honest doctor who isn't following in the footsteps of big pharma feels impossible. I've been telling you guys this forever. I'm so done with Big Pharma. And that's the reason why millions of men and women have turned to Native Path's. Vast selection of high quality nutrition products. Native Path was created by a Texas Doctor of Physical Therapy who discovered how poor nutrition was linked to many of the health issues his patients were dealing with on a daily basis. Their original collagen peptides included a unique protein that naturally declines with age and has proven to significantly increase bone strength and soothe joint pain. It minimizes wrinkles and cellulite, enhances hair follicle thickness, and even reverses nail damage with users reporting results in as little as two weeks. As a partner of the show, Native Path is offering my listeners up to 45% off his bone joint and ligament restoring formula at Native Path Do Sale slash Candace. The discount will be auto applied. Native Path has thousands of five star reviews and over 4 million jars sold. Every order comes with 365 day money back guarantee. So there is no risk to try it out. So try it today. Listeners can visit Native Path sale slash Candace to Get up to 45% off while supplies last. Again, that's Native Path Sale slash Candace.


I wanna ask you, Tristan, because I know that you're an avid reader. Yes. What are some books that you recommend? Because I've been kind of introducing a lot of books to my audience and Hmm. I feel like you have, you would have A lot. Yeah, that's very interesting. It depends if you're talking fiction or nonfiction. So reading as a reading, as a reading as a way of it, it escapism. Like I, I like stories. I I like fictional novels because you, you learn a lot from them. I would say that ignore all the movies, they're all gay, but everyone knows the story of the Three Musketeers. you know, that's a 50 hour read. If, you read that book? No, it's a extremely long and incredible book. And what you learn from that, although that these people were fictional characters is the real love that men can platonically have for other men.


The love that you have for your friends in the way that they'll die for each other. I mean, I've seen le don't even gimme, sorry, but I've seen Netflix adaptations on conspiracy theories that Abe Lincoln was gay. Why? Because he wrote in his letters, you know, I love you with all my heart to a friend of his, but when you read this book Right, written in the 1850s in France with its original language about these three, four men who really love each other and they talk to each other in this way. You learn how male friendship can be strong and beautiful without society trying to tell you it's gay. 'cause back then there was no gay agenda trying to make everything gay. Right. Oh, the the new Three Musketeers movie, I watched it in French and they make one of the characters gay.


I turn off the, turned off Everything has to You know turn off. No, no, but no, but even just, there's a 22nd click at the bar where he says he's bisexual, which adds nothing to the story. And I, I turn the movie off halfway through it infuriate me 'cause the book is so good. So yeah, I like classical novels. I like the Three Musketeers, the Counter Monte Cristo, those are both Alexander Dumar, the original Dracula novel. Very something. I was just reading about that novel and I I I have it on my list to buy. Yeah. But I have a, I have a copy. That was the one the, when it was launched in America, they sent 13 copies of it over in 1899 and they were on display in bookstores for people to flip through The sea of the novels gonna be a success. I have one of those 1899 copies. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Fascinat. It's amazing, fascinating. And it's got love letters in it to people who are probably long since dead who've dedicated and gifted the book to people in pencil.


Wow. Yeah. Very cool. So I, I'm a book collector as well. I like first, I like first Edition and history is really important. Yeah, yeah. Because they changed so many books and additions and like to be able to actually hold the original thing Did the original novels. Yeah. Yeah. The history of magic. I, I'm gonna kick myself 'cause I've forgotten the author, but the History of Magic was, was recommended by a, a good friend of mine, very small Twitter account. A man calls himself the gentleman mystic, but he's, it's a very interesting guy. He, he recommended that book. I finished that a few weeks ago. Can't remember the author. Not a guy who's written anything else I've read. But yeah, fictional novels are great. And if you're a man, I mean, I like, I like the James Bond novels by Ian Fleming, PORs alt su super cool. And I, I get that you maybe wouldn't like him as much as I would, but if you're a young man, read it.


you know? Yeah. Read it Men, young Men love that. Yeah. There's, there's, there's a lot of lessons in there. A lot of meaningful quotes, a lot of meaningful passages and a lot of lessons in there about how to be a man, how to, you know, man up. So there's a lot of reality in fiction and there's a lot that the authors are trying to tell us about the real world, even through their fictional stories. So those would be my, my recommendations. Anything by Ian Fleming a anything by Alexander Al? You can't go wrong. Okay. So I wanna ask you as a final question about the state of masculinity. And it's a question that I have because you hear this debate on what is true masculinity. And some people think it's just You know a man getting a job and You know. I, I guess that would be a man having a job. Yeah. you know, staying, getting married or maybe it's just a man climbing the Wall Street ladder and yeah.


Working for Goldman Sachs and earning tons of money. And it's interesting because to see you guys get attacked for something that I think is really important, which is traditional masculinity. Yes. Like can you fight, can you defend your family? Is something that I think is, should supersede honestly. Everything, because at the end of the day, it's going to come down to survival and whether or not you can, you know, wear a suit and do some trading on Wall Street is not gonna save your family when war comes. Yes. 'cause war is always inevitable. It's, it's never ending. And So I want you just taking a look at the political sphere of men that have garnered followings. Yes. What's your opinion of them? What is like, and and their opinions and why do you think men follow them?


Who are those people? I think a lot of them are platformed on purpose. I think that, and I don't care. I don't care. Put me in jail. I think that Mr. Beast is platformed on purpose for his friend to be transgender on purpose, for kids to ask questions about things they shouldn't even know about on purpose to their parents who on purpose are brainwashed by the universities to tell them that Chris is a transgender and it's great on purpose. I think this is all on purpose. Yeah. He's the biggest YouTuber of all times. Yeah. I like way too much. Yeah. You, I mean your game shows are interesting enough, but like who really gives a fuck? So yeah, it's all on purpose. So this is why people flock to them because they're platformed.


I'm not gonna say that anything, any of these people have the X factor have anything special. Andrew people flocked to him because of what he said because we're awakening traditional masculine essence, I guess in young men. And what I would say masculinity is, to get back to your question is very simple. I think it's the mastery of your own emotions and the necessity and the desire to do what's needed to be done, even if it goes against your instincts. So that's all that masculinity is. Again, this, I'm cutting back to what I said 45 minutes ago. The willingness to fight is more important than the ability to fight.


You would rather have an untrained man who can't fight, be happy to go downstairs and face the burglars with his wife upstairs than a juujitsu expert who his pants You know. It's the ability to override reason and say, I need to do this because I need to do this. There was a time when I was in prison and my lawyers had spoken to Andrew on the phone. I famously didn't make a single phone call throughout my entire, did you didn make a single phone call? Not a single phone call. Nope. Wow. You Really are Bill Different. I am Bill Different. And there was a conversation with my lawyers about, well this isn't really about Tristan, he's in jail for being your brother. It's not really about him that much. They know this is bullshit. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna push for a release of Tristan and we think we'll be able to get that done and then we'll push for your release later.


And when I heard that, I was furious. So natural human emotion and reasoning for myself self preservation is I wanna get outta jail naturally. And I did wanna get outta jail, but I said to the officer in charge, I'm not gonna say his name, but You know it's a guy who I spoke to while I was in jail. He was the officer. I said, look, I like you and you're my favorite police officer that's here. So if they try to take me out of here without Andrew, you're the one I'm gonna punch. I'm gonna punch you and get assaulting a police officer and get thrown back a deer. But I'm not gonna hit you that hard. But I'm m warning you in advance because I like you. You are the one I'm gonna strike. So good luck taking me outta jail. I'm happy to override my natural instincts for survival, self-preservation to do the things that I think need to be done for the people I care about and for the people I love.


And I think that's what masculinity is, that everyone needs to be a six foot 4, 240 pound. Yeah. Muscular bound kickboxer who's handsome and charming and rich and dresses well and, but no, that's not what masculinity is. It's not, you know, it's belittled by people like Pi Morgan saying, oh Andrew, you just stick a cigar in your mouth and pump up your muscles and think that's what no, no, no. Masculinity is much, much more than just that. That speaks to the fact that I can do the things I need to do to be a masculine man. However, I would much rather be willing than capable if I could switch willingness. If I had to choose willingness or capability, I choose willingness every single time. It's amazing. I think that's, I I genuinely think that the relationship between your brother is beautiful and it's something that needs to be spoken about.


And I'm just grateful that people are trusting me to introduce them to people that You know the media have essentially tried to take out, you know? Yeah. I've always been clear about the fact that obviously, especially now as a Christian and, and I know that I've spoken to you guys, but I don't support pornography. That was the thing. It's like, well, you're speaking to they who had history and they had webcams. I'm like, yeah, I'm aware of their history. Of course. And what people First and foremost don't understand is it's very easy for people who had very easy lives to say what they would or exactly could not get involved in at any time. And I'm like, that's very easy. But also the people that you think are evil, like this person. I will tell you, when everything was going down with me, you know, you and Andrew from the, the second it was happening, were like, we have your back 100%.


We always will. And the people that you would've thought had would've said nothing 'cause you've been nothing but great to them. And the example obviously that I've spoken about multiple times is Andrew Klavin, great colleague, great friend him threw me under the bus in two seconds. Absolutely. And. so if, if that is the embodiment of masculinity to you be, you know, because he has a podcast and, and speaks and, and says about topics you care about, then I would, I would trade it. I I, I will, I will go with my instincts of the people that I believe have the capacity to do tremendous good, even if their backgrounds are not squeaky clean Absolutely. Over the people who have squeaky clean backgrounds and I believe have a potential to do real evil in this world. Yeah. Thank you very much. I appreciate It. So grateful to have you and you guys, you obviously know where to follow the podcast, but you should really go listen and follow more and If you have questions.


I can't wait to read your comments, but we're gonna keep having conversations on the show with every person that we're not allowed to speak to so that you can make up your mind because you don't need the media to make up your mind for you. I'll see you guys next time.