
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Alright you guys, I am alive. Thank you to all of the internet sleuths who really understood that something was very wrong and I was not communicating as I normally do. I'll tell you why in a little bit. We have some major updates for you in the bald lawsuit. Blake Lively wants to be dropped from it altogether. We'll get into her reasons why because they are amazing. Also, Ari Emanuel, Mr. Boone Bald is no longer the CEO of WME Endeavor, so it looks like another one of Blake and Ryan's Dragons is going down. He's been accidentally slayed, but much more interestingly, by the way, is the lawsuit that no one's talking about, which is waging between Stephanie Jones pr, that was Wayfair's initial PR team throughout the movie and Justin Bald plus his crisis PR team.


I'll tell you why that one's super interesting 'cause it's the crux of everything. Lastly, Jessica Reed Krause House inhabit randomly, randomly chooses violence attacks me in a newsletter that went out over the weekend. A bunch of you emailed me about it. I will respond to that. So Welcome back to Candace. All right, so on Friday we took the day off from the show because it was a massive day for my family. My husband became a citizen of the United States.


You guys, he was sworn in. Here was a picture of us in case you missed it. I did share this on Instagram and on X it was a massive day really because it's been a six year long journey and I really just hope that it explains to so many people who, who don't understand perhaps where some of the anger comes from when it comes to people just crossing over the border when there are families that have to go through this. It's a very expensive process. It's a long process and it is an anxiety inducing process because you just are like, you never really feel safe having, we're on our fourth child here and he, it's not a citizen. So he is not afforded the same protections that I'm afforded. And so when you get to that finish line, you are just, it is just a day of just glory.


You are so happy. It was tremendous. Also, for those of you wondering what we did to celebrate, we did the most American thing you could possibly do. Here is a photo of my husband. We went to a phenomenal burger place called Hug Babies, sorry, RFK Junior Maha will have to wait. He just dug into some bacon, cheeseburgers and chili cheese fries. So there's my husband after being sworn in and the judge was so sweet, she gave such a wonderful little speech about what it meant for her family, like when she, when they came over on the Mayflower and what it really means to be an American. So I just wanted to share that update with you guys a little bit more formally here on the show. And then here's what happened.


Okay, so Friday, some of you sleuths were correct. We had put the link up for our show, which is the show that we're doing today, and then magically it got taken down. So I will tell you what happened. Literally, this is the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I had not eaten. I went to the fridge and I got a Faye yogurt. I don't even know if I'm saying that right. I don't speak Greek, okay? But I grabbed a Faye yogurt, a strawberry one. I ate it and within 15 minutes my stomach blew out to here. It got really hard as if I was going into labor and I looked at my team and I said, I am going to be sick. And did not come back for 48 hours. I mean, I have never been so sick in my life.


I don't know if it was lactose intolerance. I'm a little sensitive. I don't know if it was just a bad yogurt. It certainly was not expired. But I can tell you that I was hoping that my affairs were in order and that is the reason why I love that you internet slews were like, usually when she's not gonna do the show, she announces I couldn't even look at my phone. I was completely delirious. I could not do anything. I certainly did not authorize the email that went out and said, we'll do the book club the next day. No, we cannot do the book club today. I still need sleep and rehabilitation. This is the first day that I have been able to eat anything in the last 48 hours. And I'm sure you guys understand the angst that comes with that when you are nine months pregnant as I am.


Because then I was worried, 'cause I'm going, my kid is not able to eat for 48 hours 'cause I can't eat. Doctor recommended that I get an iv. I did that this morning, but I still cannot exactly eat right now. So that's, that is the circumstance. I probably look a little bit smaller. I, I think I look a little less pregnant today because I have lost everything in the last four, eight hours. But I loved the moms that were like, did the Masad do it? People were even questioning Savannah, good. That's what you should do. Because I don't know, maybe the mosad did get into my yogurt. I'm not positive. I'm, I'm now reading the conspiracy theories that were floating while I was gone. And I'm with you guys and that is why I love people that listen to this show because they will not get away with it.


If somebody takes me out, let me tell you, the mommy slews will be on it. They even knew my personality. They were like, she always posts something when she doesn't do a show. She posted nothing on X. So you're not Mossad, don't go crazy. You are not smarter than slews on the internet. And shout out to those of you who harassed Savannah's personal Instagram account looking for answers as you should. I know Savannah's been with me for four years, but we can ne we don't know. We don't know if we can trust her. She's like Tennessee Mafia, you know what I mean? Anyways, I wanted to get into this before I accidentally went away. Look, First and foremost, this is the Hollywood scandal that just will not stop giving. I admit fully that I'm obsessed with the Blake Baldoni case.


I can't deny my obsession because it's like we're watching an episode of succession on HBO, except it's based on real life human beings who believe that they can just behave however they want because they're Hollywood stars. And so we have to start with this. This was brought to my attention, full credit to Steph with the diets. I'm actually kind of mad at her for putting this on my radar. So I'm giving her credit. But also wanna say Steph, with the diets, this was a deet that I did not need. Okay? This was a deets that I did not need. And so when this came across, I was like, Ooh, girl, I, I wish I did not know this, but she does amazing work and you should follow her on TikTok If you want these deep dives and all these little tidbits that she's getting on the case. So I did know, because I had looked into obviously very deeply looked into the Deadpool Wolverine movie, I did know that Ryan had cast his seven-year-old daughter, Ines or Inez?


Inez, which is Taylor Swift's goddaughter in the Deadpool movie. Okay, cute. She's seven. She's ready to be in a film. Maybe this wouldn't be the film of choice for me from a Christian household, but to each their own. And I did know that the, the daughter, the kid pool has a potty mouth, which makes sense given the character of Deadpool. You're expecting the kid to have, I guess a potty mouth. And that's supposed to be funny. I was aware that the kid said some highly inappropriate things, but I had assumed that the kid was in the costume and they likely used either a voice actor or an AI voice tool to say some of those things because absolutely no person, I don't care how funny you think you are in Hollywood, would want their precious daughter of all people to make comments about Hugh Jackman's penis being in their father's mouth.


Okay? I I, I I just assumed like this is not something that you have to investigate any further because there is no father in his right mind who would want a scene in which his daughter makes a, I guess, homosexual joke about the relationship between him and this Wolverine character who were starting to have questions about the relationship in real life. Well it turns out that I was wrong. I was very wrong on this. And also he admits in one of these like post Deadpool interviews that not only did he force her to say it, but that she was not comfortable with the line and essentially she wasn't gonna do it. And then he was like, I'll just find a different actor.


And that's what he says. So he kind of basically forced his daughter to do the line or else he's gonna replace her as an actress in this movie. She's seven years old. You guys take a listen to Ryan Reynolds and Sean Levy laughing about this after the movie came out, as In with you, Hey, when I want your opinion, I'll text Wolverines outta your mouth. That's Kid Guiltily. That is my daughter Ines. I'm so sorry. We had to admit that. And I am father of the year over here for allowing her to say such language, which to her credit she really didn't wanna say. And then came back later and said, I wanna say it now, when I started looking at other people to play it.


Yeah, but Ryan, to our discredit, we made nzi do, I'm not you, 70 to 500 versions Yeah. Of that line. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm gonna pay for that later. Yep. And I think right about now is when you're gonna pay for it because that is just unbelievable. He is admitting that she was not nzi as she's called, was not comfortable doing this line. And Ryan essentially said to her that I'm gonna find another actor, which is pointedly ridiculous by the way. That is, that is literally him just emotionally conditioning her to say like, If you want it, you're just gonna have to do it. Because as I said, there are AI tools you, I could, you could literally take my voice and make me say something. And it's one of the big problems now it's actually one of these Hollywood concerns is that now you can literally just use AI tools and create a fake Brad Pitt with the real Brad Pitt voice If you want to.


And that's why actors are fighting back against AI as it is. But rather than just using an AI tool for his daughter or using a voice actor, for her to say that line that she was uncomfortable saying, he basically says, oh, well I started looking at different actors and actresses and then that's when she said, I, okay, no I do, I do wanna do it wildly manipulative to do to a 7-year-old kid. But what's really stunning about this is think about what he is saying there and the arguments that Blake is making and that he is making in the CRD complaints against Justin Bald, like it is just stunning to me what they view as harassment, what they view as for, you know, forcing someone to do something an extra gratuitous that wasn't in the initial script.


And what they're perfectly fine with, and this, you know, you add this to the fact that he slapped a child extra gratuitously that all he believes is riffing. Now you're hearing from the director of ato, they made the 7-year-old do this line from 70 to 500 times ha as a discredit to us and yeah, yeah. And they're turning it into a joke and they want us to believe that Justin Baldoni is the creep in all of this. This is running parallel to him shouting at Justin Baldon in a penthouse about his wife being uncomfortable. He's basically looking at his 7-year-old and being like, well if you're not gonna have what it takes to read this line, which happens to be about, you know, wolverine's penis, then I, I'll just go find another actor.


Total sicko, the exact opposite in my viewpoint of a fatherly instinct to protect your child, to protect your child's innocence, motherly instinct to protect your child's innocence. I would never allow this to fly because it's not necessary. Okay, there are, you could have used an ai, I've always, So I just wanted to point that out. Also in other news, we know their big defender, Ari Emanuel was the WME guy who proudly, and I think really kind of cinched the deal when it comes to proving that Justin bald suffered real life harm because this guy decided in his bold CEO demeanor to get up on stage and in the Freakonomics podcast, which they never released, they said they had tech issues, but we were able to get the audio admitted that he fired Justin Baldoni because he could and he was made fun of him.


Baldon baloney, whatever his name is. I'm loyal, I'm loyal to Blake Lively and I'm loyal to Ryan Reynolds and So I just bossed it and fired him for no reason by the way, never good to have a CEO that's just acting because he can, right? I'm powerful and I can, okay, is, is what you're doing, is it fair? Does it make sense? Is it good for the company? No, it's none of those things. But I'm powerful and I'm already Emanuel, my brother's rah Emanuel and he bankrupted Chicago and we've been acting like gangsters And so we're just gonna fire Justin Baldoni. Well he did that and now it looks like he's being pushed out of endeavor. Check out this article. He has now seeded his role endeavor is WME, it's they, they house the UFC, everything as the CEO after Silver Lake, which is a massive private equity firm completed a takeover.


And this was a $25 billion takeover of endeavor in a, in a deal that now shifts power to Silver Lake. And they decided that as a part of this deal, Ari Emmanuel would have to seed operational control at the talent agency that helped to shape modern Hollywood. They wanted this guy out as a condition of them doing this $25 billion deal. He now will still be chairing. So he will obviously have some capacity of power still sitting as a chairperson of WME Group. But it's a big, it's a big thing. You know, it's interesting that they did not want him to be the CEO. Now they are moving a guy named Mark Shapiro into the role of CEO.


He's gonna see day-to-day operations and it's like I said, not a quiet thing, it's something that will have Hollywood buzzing because he was the most powerful person in Hollywood. Another reason why Jason, that why I believe that Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively felt so confident in everything that they were doing because they had this guy behind him and they knew that he would just fire someone on a whim. Were on an allegation and he did do that. Which again, you just, these, all these people are just flying way too close to the sun. But we have to get into Blake Lively filing to be dismissed from the Justin Bald Defamation lawsuit. Now as I said with Ryan's filing, this is to be expected. To be expected is not a typical, the first move you're gonna make in any lawsuit is to try to get a judge to see your side and go, this isn't even worth the, the time of the court.


This is all a nonsense. Please dismiss it. So Blake has expectedly filed to be dismissed from the lawsuit against her. Her argument that she is presenting is that the lawsuit in and of itself is illegal, okay? Because the matter at hand is pertaining to sexual harassment, which therefore provides her certain protections under the law. And one of those protections, and I wanna be clear, she is correct here, is that an employer cannot retaliate retaliate. I'm gonna explain to you why she is partially correct here. She is partially correct that under a traditional setting, If you are working for a company, like let's say you work for Candace Owens, Candace Owens Incorporated, and you obviously are not gonna come to me to file a sexual harassment lawsuit against me.


So they have this option for you to be able to go to the civil rights department of your state, which is what she did, the CRD complaint. And you can then file for race, race discrimination, sexual harassment. And when you do that, the moment that you do that, the law dictates that that company cannot do anything to retaliate against you. So if I find out that you filed this against me, I can't then fire you. It's basically like a freeze. You just can't be fired for that. So she's making that argument, but she's forgetting that there is one key difference here and it's that she amber herded it. You are not protected to then go outside of the court and to collude with the New York Times to completely destroy the reputation and the character of your boss and your boss's company.


By giving them text messages and personal emails between PR agents like that is what fundamentally changed the substance of the argument from an employee dispute, which is protected by CRD protected by civil rights to a defamation case. Now we are dealing with something entirely different and I wanted to bring to your attention two main points that she raised in her dismissal filing that I just thought were very funny. So they are disputing that Justin bald, he's team can prove actual malice, that they can reach that critical actual malice standard which is hard to reach when you're dealing with a-listers and public figures.


They're saying that they can't prove that because even B'S team acknowledges in their initial filed complaint that Blake actually believed what she was saying. So they point to that, here I'll show you this. At the bottom of pages two to three it says, yet another of the FAS FACS insurmountable deficiencies is its utter failure to allege actual malice. For example, that Ms. Lively subjectively did not believe the sexual harassment allegation she raised other than many pages of empty bluster, the FAC not only fails to allege actual malice, it's citations page numbers, okay?


I think my, my thing here for some reason got lost. Among other things the FAC incorporates by reference a damning text message between Mr. Baldon and Ms. Nathan in which both agree that Mr. Lively genuinely believes that she's right and that all of this is unjust. So what they're doing here is they're completely conflating two arguments. They don't think that the, the judge is going to be able to see through this. Yes, I wanna be clear, we all, meaning the entire world actually believe that Blake Lively did not actually believe that people didn't like her. In other words, when there was all this bad press about her, I believe, and I think most of the world believes that she genuinely believed that this had to be the work of a smear campaign.


Okay? That's because she is full of herself, she's narcissistic and I think she's low iq. All of that is fine. And like I said, therefore she probably did suspect that there was some sort of a coordinated campaign. But in retaliation of what she supposed was a campaign, she lied about the sexual harassment. That is my viewpoint and the viewpoint that I think is shared by many, we don't believe that she actually believed for a single second that she was a victim of sexual harassment. No, I don't believe for a single second she thought that Justin bald was creeping on her or was trying to hit on her. I don't believe any of that part. And that's where we are getting into the defamation.


You intentionally presented him as a predator, a sexual predator, and a creep to the public. And that is what rose to a level of defamation with not the part about you being dumb enough to just think that you're too wonderful and that people really were gonna like you talking about florals and that any person that didn't like it was obviously being advised by his PR team. So they're just trying to conflate there to get to, to get out of this lawsuit and that's not going to work. But their next argument is even more absurd. I found this to be incredible. It's amazing we should go over this. They're saying that the reason that the lawsuit lawsuit should be dropped is because Lake Lively technically didn't lie.


Okay, look at page five of this lawsuit and this is, this is rich. So they're saying that nothing she said was untrue, it just lacked context, right? They're like, actually you admit that all the things we said were true, we just didn't give anybody any context. So like here's one example. At some point in May they simulated nude scenes that were filmed without an intimacy coordinator present. Okay? We concede that, but they didn't give us the context that she declined to meet with the intimacy coordinator and said she didn't need one. That's very relevant context. Their argument here is that you can't lie by omission and like yes, you can lie by omission.


They're like you admit that she came into the trailer that Justin Baldoni came into the trailer. We didn't lie. He did barge into the trailer. Oh, we just left out the part where she texted him and told him to barge into the trailer. So we're not liars. We just left out the most critical, critical pieces of this. So obviously this lawsuit should be dismissed because we, we believe in lies by omission. All we did was omit the full context, which Brian Friedman then provided with an entire webpage. But that's no reason not to dismiss us because we did tell the truth and you admitted that we were actually telling the truth when we were lying by omission like number three, Mr.


Bald asked Mr. Mr. Heath to show Ms. Lively a video of Mr. Heath's wife giving birth at home. Part of which Mr. Heath subsequently showed her, okay, yeah, it was kind of important you left the part out but it was a video of his wife giving birth and instead said that you thought that he was showing you pornography. I mean these are kind of big details. I don't think the judge is gonna look at this and be like, yeah, lies by omission don't count like lies by omission count so much that it's pretty obvious that you smeared and you libel him and you did it intentionally by showing these partial truths. So, we'll, we'll keep an eye on this. I'm getting the feeling that nobody's being dismissed from this lawsuit, but like I said, it is a valiant effort for them to try to be dismissed from it.


But most critically, I wanna tell you guys this, I know I'm gonna get into like this house and habit stuff and I got tons of stuff that I wanna get to today. I could actually go on for three hours, but I won't do that. Don't forget the Stephanie Jones PR lawsuit that is happening. I think it's actually the most important piece of this entire pie because don't forget it was her Stephanie Jones who purportedly gave Blake and Ryan all of that ammo to try to assassinate the character of Justin Baldon and take down Wayfair. That was how they got the emails and the text messages. And this is now going, it's kind of heating up in the courtroom as a refresher. Who is Stephanie Jones? Okay, Stephanie Jones is, was the, it's PR girl in Hollywood.


She runs Stephanie Jones pr. She has run that for about a decade and she really is your stereotypical early two thousands Devil Wears Prada type. I just drink coffee and take Adderall and don't eat. I don't need food to survive type woman. You know the early two thousands, Rachel, Zoe, Paris, Hilton, Nicole, Richie, prototype people you know who call the paparazzi, when people recognize that they don't eat and they call the paparazzi and they share a slice of cake to dispel the rumors, they have an eating disorder that's kind of like the Stephanie Jones prototype, I would say. So I, it's known in Hollywood, just like you don't cross Ari Emanuel, you don't cross Steph, you don't cross Steph at all in Hollywood because Steph will ruin you, she'll destroy you.


So she has, or I should say she had, we'll get to that in a little bit an A-list clientele book, her firm rep, everyone from Dway, from Dwayne Johnson to Tom Brady to Jeff Bezos, Lauren Sanchez, I mean the Tippity top right And beneath her, just to bring up that chart 'cause this is very important, was Jennifer Abel. Jennifer Abel was working at Stephanie Jones Jones work PR Pardons Jones work pr and they had Justin Bald Wayfarer students as their client and they were very happy to have them as a client. Now to be clear, Stephanie Jones did not work with this account directly because she only handled the big accounts.


She's hanging out with Jeff Bezos, she's hanging out with Lauren Sanchez. She would send the smaller accounts down to people like Jennifer Abel and she sent the Wayfair account down to Jennifer Abel. And when I say smaller accounts, I mean that according to the lawsuit, they were paying $20,000 a month to be repped by Joan's work pr. Like I need to get into PR work. And this is amazing, $20,000 a month as a small account, but they weren't aless enough for Stephanie to personally manage them. And so to remind you of just how powerful Steph is, she's, she's doubly powerful because she's also married into power. Her husband, just to show you this is Jason Hodes, he is a senior partner at WME who reps Tom Brady.


So If you angered Steph in any capacity, you could potentially lose any opportunity to work with the biggest artist agency in the world. That's why, another reason nobody messed with her. Well, in May of 2024 last year, so in the months leading up to the, it ends with US premier, Stephanie Jones actually began going through a PR crisis of her own because Puck News and Business Insider reported that her a-list clients were beginning to walk due to her erotic behavior. She lost Dwayne Johnson, she lost Lauren Sanchez, they both dropped her. Also there was a website that came together and an anonymous Twitter feed that was clearly put together by a former employee dis disgruntled employees about her treatment of them over the years.


Because like I said, she's early two thousands, devil Wears prototype. So she was quite mean and kind of took pride in that. And what, what was running at the same time was that Jennifer Abel, who was handling the Wayfair account, tendered her resignation on July 10th and she gave Stephanie six weeks. She was scheduled to leave on in in early August, on August 23rd. But then two days before she was supposed to leave, Stephanie Jones calls her into her office, okay? She says, okay Jennifer, I know you're supposed to leave in two days. Your six weeks is almost up, but surprise, I'm forcing you to hand over your phone. She had security present, she had a, this is according to the lawsuit, a forensic data extraction technical expert present.


She had an attorney and she had the PR firm's chief of staff who flew in unannounced from New York for the occasion. So you imagine you're leaving a job, people are crazy, just let people leave a job, you know? But I think Steph's a little paranoid because she's losing her clients articles are being written about her and she just wants to, maybe she thinks that it, maybe she thinks Jennifer Abel's behind it all. So she gets all of this stuff and that is how she then handed it over, I'm guessing to Leslie Sloan PR who reps Blake and Ryan. And that is how they received these communications that would eventually be doctored for that New York Times piece. So she's very crucial to this and it's also being a lot of rumblings is that she's also just recently lost Tom Brady as a client that it hasn't yet like it.


They're working on like an exit strategy. I don't know if it's true, but there are rumblings that Tom Brady's on his way out too. And a lot of this is gonna come out in via this lawsuit, but I would watch the Stephanie PR one because she might be the linchpin to how all of this went down anyways, she believes they secretly conspired to undermine her reputation. And honestly at, at the core of all of these lawsuits is just tremendous Hollywood ego, just so much Hollywood ego that is happening. And I feel like 2025 is the year where all of these egotistical maniacs are just being outed for what they are. Like that world is sort of dying and it's just glorious to watch.


Anyways, you guys, umm gonna talk to you about PreBorn like I always do because I love them. PreBorn is is such an important organization to support. If you think about what Andrea Belli, Steph Curry and Justin Bieber and Tim Tebow all have in common, it's that all of their mothers were encouraged to end their pregnancies and chose not to. Because when a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, unplanned pregnancy, often she is pressured right by people around her to end the child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and those around her tell her the baby is not yet life. And that's where the ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn and their network of clinics offer compassionate, loving care to mothers and the support that they need to help them choose life including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. You consider yourself pro-life. It's time to join forces with PreBorn. Together we can empower women to choose life empowering. The truth of motherhood transforms families and futures. One ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help you rescue five babies. And when you donate monthly, you'll receive the stories and the pictures of the lives that you helped to save. It means a lot donate. You just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace


Also remind you guys about Pure Talk because if there are two things in life that are certain it would be death and taxes. Well now there is a third certainty, which is that If you are with Verizon at t or T-Mobile, you could be saving a fortune every month by simply switching to Pure Talk. Pure Talk, which is my cell phone company, is cutting the fat from the wireless industry for just 25 bucks a month. You can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data on America's Most Dependable 5G Network. The average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure Talk that's real money back in your pocket. And with Pure Talk's US customer service team, you can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now. If you go to pure talk.com/owens to make the switch, you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's pure talk.com/owens to start saving today. Pure Talk Wireless by Americans for Americans.


Okay, let's get into House Inhabit because this was just weird. The whole thing was weird and I'm just gonna tell you guys everything because I just, like I said, we are just in the era of truth. That's what I would say. We're in the era of truth and I have just feel like people knowing more is better than people knowing less in the public. And I can do that also now because I work for myself and my husband and I don't have to run these things through anyone. But, So I don't know If you follow House and Habit has been a a substack, you know, a, a mom blogger so to speak. People really love her. I've liked her stuff. I followed House in Habit, her real name is Jessica Reed. Krause and I have had a very nice relationship with her in the background.


I think I literally did an entire podcast with her in January and it was super productive. We were talking about how moms are kind of entering the space and how the media is changing. You can literally go listen to how friendly and productive and kindness was. And then afterwards my PR person was like, she'd like to do more with you. And I was like, great. I would love that. That would be amazing because you know, moms kind of coming together and having all these independent voices is a good thing. So imagine my surprise, this is, this is the exact order events of what happened. My PR person says as I'm doing the Harvey series, you know, house inhabit Jessica Reid reached out and she knows Jessica Mann who is one of the women who put Harvey Weinstein in prison.


And that Jessica Mann wanted to reach out to you via her. I'm like okay great, that sounds excellent because I would obviously, if she wanted to talk about the case from her side, I have obviously told people my opinion about her. I've read her emails, we are not done looking at her emails. I believe that Harvey Weinstein was wrongly convicted of rape and he was convicted of rape for three years by this person, okay, by Jessica Mann. So obviously I'm like great, definitely go out like she's in la go see her. He gets there and quite to his surprise house inhabit tells him that she, somebody beneath her on on her substack is working on a hit piece on me.


I'm like, what? Not even just me, my husband, which is even crazier because what does my husband do other than involve himself like entirely with the Catholic church and the angle that they're taking that her editor or writer is taking is like trying to like pretend there's something more between my husband and Andrew Tate, which it just happens to be the narrative that everyone has been taking over the last week and attacks against me. Tucker and Andrew Tate, everyone's been doing it at the same time. It is so clearly not organic to me. But I just said to him, what I always say, let her run it because it's a lie and lies just never land. And in in the end they do nothing but destroy your own reputation. And my husband maybe hung out with Andrew Tate five times before he and I met.


I have seen Andrew Tate four times in my life. I think 1, 2, 3 of them you have all seen 'cause they've been on camera and one time I could say off camera, okay, maybe twice off camera, maybe five times, we're talking about nine times in total and trying to pretend or create a conspiracy there. It's just a nonsense. I just don't care. I'm too pregnant. I said, let her run the piece. I don't care. I I have no rebuttal, I don't care. You know? Anyways, she ended up instead writing what is remarkably to me, and I don't know if this is just like a woman thing, but just such a petty piece in a newsletter, taking a stab at me and me Kelly and essentially literally spelling out that we're trying to be her pretending that us conservatives getting into the bald case is not is is a brand flip and it's the exact opposite.


Conservatives were the first ones who said that the Me Too movement had issues. Okay? We were first, If you go back, we were the first ones who said we don't believe in the Me Too movement and that we cannot just accept a, a women's allegations. A women's allegations at face value. I. And, and for that reason I had defended men over and over again and insisted that people actually read through the court transcripts and not just believe in the hype of what some woman is saying. And then the Amber Heard case happened and I think a lot of people who would've hashtag me too kind of came to their senses and realized, wait a minute, we can't just rely on emotions, we have to rely on the facts. I have been investigating things my entire, I mean the BLM thing was a deep investigation where I was getting into the records of Patrice Colors and the founders and saying, where is this money going?


I did the Making A Murderer, a series Convicting a Murderer to show that Netflix wrongly made people believe that Stephen Avery was innocent when he was not innocent. I did the Kamala Chronicles and what she doesn't mention in this newsletter is that the biggest thing I've done this year has actually not been Justin Bald, but rather becoming brae has gotten way more, many millions of views. So I'm just going, what is this line of attack about? I mean we should, we should realize this is what she wrote in her newsletter by the way she wrote. So many Talking Heads have shifted Course, okay, by Leaning Harder into Gossip and Scandal and other outlets notoriously defined by it are now mirroring my signature stylistic preferences outright.


Years ago I started pairing lowbrow clips about culture with Mozart symphonies. Back then it was a unique concoction that humored me. Now that pairing is used everywhere most frequently by the Daily Mail to hook scrolling interests like it's a newsletter to say that everybody is copying me. I can guarantee you I did not know anything about your style, the things that you covered, what you were writing about. I don't understand why this random attack came on me and Megan Kelly it it just reads like women unable to play in a sandbox with one another. And that is just, I am so tired of that.


I am 35 years old. I am have my fourth child on the way. I promise you my interest in this is because I have been interested in every Me Too case since it has come out. I covered the Amber Heard case extensively. If you didn't watch that, that's fine. I was with the Daily Wire. Maybe they didn't, you know, promote it enough, who knows. But to pretend that conservatives just got into me too court cases is just pointedly ridiculous or to pretend that we got interested in it because we wanted to copy you. That reads like a massive insecurity. And I think it's just embarrassing truly because there was no reason to do it just like a, a perfect act of violence. And I wanted to show this when weighed against how men who have been watching my series have just been sort of celebrating it and being like these series, different series are very interesting and super compelling and here's why.


So this is Joe Rogan speaking about two series and I'm working on right now the biggest podcaster in the world podcast world. And no, he's not about to say she's copy and must style, take a listen. The JFK stuff kind of just confirmed what kind of they labeled conspiracy theorists. It's like, yeah we've said it with CIA Mossad, It's gonna gonna take a while for the nerds to really go through it and figure It out. Song's been through it, I Bet so, but she been through it. I would've assume, well she's too busy with the Macron thing. I watched two hours of that today. Me do Do. Have you seen her Macron's a man? Yeah, Bridget Macron's a man. She got you. Yeah, she got me got can got me, she got me hook line sinker. I was eating breakfast today. Yeah I do.


I was eating elk steaks and Candace Owens on my, on my YouTube. I love Her. Did You see? I was like, This is crazy. This is crazy. Have you dived into Har Harvey Weinstein? I watched the first episode of that bro. Crazy. It's crazy. So you can't believe I'm on Harvey Weinstein sign, right? Crazy. Like I thought he was like guilty of like heinous crimes and then you listen to it and you're like, wait, what? What is going on? When they go through the actual Affidavit, like what the girls accuse him for, you're like, What the fuck? So he didn't testicles emails back and forth with the girl. Yeah, she was talking about his testicles. He doesn't have them. And I would also now like to make you guys aware because this is something that she's not sharing because people then emailed me and told me that she's intentionally trying to get people not to watch the Harvey series.


She has a relationship with Jessica Mann. And so it's very disingenuous to speak about that case and to say, oh I couldn't be interested in this again, I covered it extensively. And not to also tell your audiences Jessica Reid Krause, that you lived with Jessica Mann throughout the trial. You lived with her for a couple of weeks throughout the trial. You guys are still friends, you follow her on Instagram, you're repping her to some capacity by reaching out to me. This is Jessica Mans the correct Jessica Mans Instagram and she follows House and Habit and House and Habit follows her and they have a relationship. So it is not authentic moms that she's telling you not to get into this series or pretending that she's too bored and couldn't care about it. To me it feels like she's doing PR for somebody that she has a personal relationship with.


And I think it's crappy. I think it's crappy. I think it's dishonest and it is especially crappy when you have someone who's done nothing but support you. I, I swear it was last week when I was promoting something the house inhabit did and only discovered that she's like planning an attack on me and my husband for absolutely no reason other than the fact that it's Tuesday. And I don't trust that she also went after Tucker Carlson in the same week that everybody is going after Candace Owens and Tucker Carlson. And I just wonder what specifically is motivating that or who specifically is motivating that? Is she being paid by someone to do that, to go after? 'cause she tries to make it sound like Tucker's being funded by the Middle East and you know, Candace Owens is trying to change up her brand. Absolutely. No one who has watched myself thinks that I'm trying to, to change my brand.


I do think for the first time we have fractured trust in the mainstream media and people that weren't normally listening to me because they thought that I was just some like Trump, you know, worshiping person who hates black people, which is crazy. But they did a very good job of creating the media, did a very good job of creating that caricature of me. And it usually just takes one thing that you have in common with someone or something that you're interested in. And If you listen to them by yourself and you don't listen to them through the lens of the mainstream media, you go, oh actually that wasn't what I was expecting. I kind of believed the mainstream media about this person and now I don't. And Andrew Schultz another person who has credited my work, who also happens to be a guy.


Guy seemed to be a lot friendlier, said the same thing. He said the exact same thing on Theo v's podcast recently. Here's what he had to say. You know, the Candace Baldoni stuff. I don't know If you were following that at all. I didn't get into that. I don't get into a lot of the celebrity lore. The only reason why it's interesting to me is that, you know, like Candace has like been positioned in a way on the internet, right? Like, and she existed there and people had her opinions on her and like everybody was stuck. They were like, that's this girl and and bad. No, no, no, no, no, we don't listen to her at all. And she started talking about that Baldoni Blake Lively thing. And even my wife was hitting me like, have you heard this Candace Owens girl talking about, I mean she just exposes the whole thing.


Like it's crazy how like, like social utility frames how people see you so you could be a bad guy and then you start talking in depth about something that people care about and then all of a sudden while you're talking about that, you're a good guy, right? You're a hero. That's interesting. Like what does that say about us? I Feel like that's a much more thoughtful analysis on what happens. Like what does it actually say about us that we are unwilling to listen to somebody until we find something that we agree with them on. And but again, that's a male analysis. I feel like women just cannot play in the sand pit together. And again, I promise you I was not, I didn't even know what your style was.


I I am I, I am sorry that you felt that way Jessica and I bid you tons of luck in the future, but I'm gonna continue to cover this case 'cause I'm just interested in it. I hope that's okay. But at the same time, by the way, these exact same headlines came out at the same time that she sent this newsletter. Here was the bulwark, the shocking reemergence of Candace Owens banished the political wilderness over anti-Semitic remarks that that's just not true. My show since we have been back has been successful. The Wall Street Journal literally just produced a piece and said that in Q4 of last year, we were the third most listened to podcast. My show came back in June, I was off air for like two months. I just don't understand like why everyone's pretending like I've reemerged.


It's so weird. And similarly, M-S-N-B-C also attacked me and Meghan Kelly, how right wing influencers are exploiting the Justin Baldon, Blake Lively feud. Again, ignoring the fact that my biggest audience is watching the JIT Macron series right now. So, and the Kamala Chronicles, which they all just try to ignore. And So I think what it is, is people don't wanna admit that cancel culture has failed. That's what's actually failed here. Cancel culture has failed. And the media doesn't know what to do with the fact that despite their hideous attacks on people's character and their lies about people, that people are now getting around them and deciding what they wanna listen to. And so I'm gonna continue to cover the things I love because I've always covered the things that I've loved and I just have always sat at the intersection of politics and culture.


So I do a brae series, a Kamala series, a Blake and Baldon series. It's who I am. And some people don't wanna be here for that and that's fine. But yeah, I suggest, By the way, if you're watching, you get into the Jessica Mann Harvey Weinstein case because it's absolutely fascinating. And he's about to be back into court on April 15th. We will definitely have that for you. I will be jumping back into the JFK stuff. So I kind of left you guys in a cliffhanger last Thursday. We didn't even scratch the surface. We actually didn't even talk about any of the JFK files. We just talked about Reen swa or maybe it's Shiloh, who knows the made up last name. It's not his real last name. Doesn't really matter. But then someone pointed out to me that his real last name is Zelensky and I fell down a hole.


I fell down a hole guys. Okay, because I've had a lot of questions about President Zelensky and where this guy comes from and his shady background and now I'm, I don't know, I'm just telling you what one of you guys emailed me and what I have been looking at since it is crazy. Okay? There's a lot. What we uncovered last Thursday was a lot. And my brain is going everywhere 'cause I gotta cover Harvey Weinstein, I gotta cover this now. I got JFK files, I still got this lawsuit that I'm, I'm convinced I'm in, but I'm not in with Justin Baldoni and Blake Lively and everybody, it's a lot. It is very hard being me. Okay? But somebody's gotta do it. So we'll have more for you on the Ruben Zelensky with an A Zelensky.


Yeah, I'm having trouble locating who his father is. They say it was a big rabbi, but for whatever reason, when I type in that rabbi's name, it's not coming up. They say he wrote tons of books, but I'm, for whatever reason when I type in Reen, Shea's dad Lansky's name, it's not coming up. So we need to research this guys. If you guys who watched the JFK episode last Thursday, you know I'm talking about, we gotta figure out who, who or what other names they went by. 'cause I, my feeling is that these people had multiple names and identities, different names in America than they used in Israel. Different names than they used when they were in Eastern Europe. That's my theory. I'm sticking to it until further disproven.


Anyways, I wanna get some of your guys' comments First. Wanna throw it to Home Title Lock because there are, there's a serious scam going on right now. People can literally just steal your home right out from under you. The FBI calls it house stealing and it's a growing real estate scam that targets American homeowners. Here's how it works. Basically, criminals forge your signature on one document. They use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee, and then they file it with your local recorder's office. And just like that, your home title has been completely transferred out of your name. So let me ask you, when was the last time that you even checked your home title? If you're like me, the answer is never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on and that's why I trust Home Title Lock. Their million dollar Triple lock Protection helps keep your home and equity safe. With Home Title Lock, you get immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property urgent alerts if there are any changes and if fraud should happen, your US based restoration team will spend up to $1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. And the best part is I've teamed up with Home Title Lock to give you a free title history report so that you can find out if you're already a victim and access your personal Title Expert as a $250 value just for signing up. So go to Home Title Lock dot com. You can use my promo code Candace two 50 or click on the link in the description, that's Home Title Lock dot com. Promote code Candace two 50 to get the protection and peace of mind that you deserve.


Also, American Financing. I don't know your exact situation, but if you're like thousands of homeowners American Financing talks to every month, you might be struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet, drowning in high interest debt and it's not your fault. Life really did get more expensive. Inflation hit people very hard. If you're still carrying credit card balances of 20% plus interest rates while your mortgage sits untouched and you are ignoring the one thing that could help turn it all around, which is your home, and this is where American Financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes of your time for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything for you. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that doesn't make sense. And there are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So don't wait. Talk to American Financing today and start feeling that relief. You just call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing net slash Owens.


Alright, let's hear what you guys are saying. First and foremost, reminding you a shot in the dark. Another episode just came out. This one is on the Hepatitis A vaccine. So you can head to can owens.com and watch that If you are a member. And yeah, let's get into some of your comments and see what you guys are saying. A lot going on. I haven't even barely scratched the surface. Brooke says, so glad you're alive, comedian. Christina p recently shouted you out on the Your Mom's House podcast regarding becoming Bridgette. Would you ever go on their podcast to discuss? Yes, I wanna say this. They actually reached out and we wanna make it happen. They want us initially to come down. They're based in Texas and I was just like, Ooh, end of pregnancy. I'm trying to limit travel. So I'm really just doing this.


I have one LA trip that I have coming up and then that's it. I really should be doing no more trips, but I guess I'm a crazy person, but I I am gonna make it work with them. Just wanna say that publicly. Absolutely will be doing your mom's house podcast. I love how into it she was. She just was all about it. And that's how it gets you. All you have to do is watch the first couple episodes of any of my series and you realize that I'm just telling the truth. I have nothing to hide here and I'm happy to let somebody else on if they'd like to dispute it. That's why when House of Habit reached out and I thought it was well-meaning, I was like, if Jessica Mann wants to say we've got something wrong, we are not interested in smearing her or libeling her. I'm just reading homegirl's emails. That's all Allie writes. Best way to tell if a media source is not credible when they refer to Candace as a right wing conspiracy theorist based in misinformation.


Happy to see you're feeling better. Yeah, I'm operating at about, I would say 70% today, not a hundred percent. I still can't like eat a full meal, but I'm feeling better as in I had, I got a little IV and at least I've got fluids in me, which is great. The DRE experience writes, hypothetically speaking, if Ryan were gay, why would he seemingly be so incensed and jealous over Blake's interaction and feelings and concerns over Justin? I actually thought that was more a symptom of his like type A control than anything else where like he's created a certain life for himself. And I think he has spoken about his control issues and how they began to manifest because of his bad relationship with his father. And I think he has daddy issues like all around.


Even he probably has a weird daddy vibe relationship with Hugh Jackman. Didn't do Huffman. See, I'm learning you guys, I slow it down now when I say Hugh, but I, I think he probably likes that Hugh is older and feels like he, I don't know, gets some sort of, I don't know, I don't know how to say it. Like advice from him. Like he's like an advice, a mentor, mentorship from him that he is lacking because he never solved his issues with his father. I'm not a psychoanalyst, don't wanna be one, but that's just me guessing and riffing here. A SMR random says, first I wanna start off by saying I love you and Crisis King. Did you hear about the bio Women only gym being open in London?


The trans community is planning to destroy and riot once it opens. I did not hear about that and I will have to look into that. That's crazy that women are not allowed to have spaces anymore. I think it is totally fine for there to be an all male space and totally fine for there to be an all women space and totally fine. If a trans person wants to decide that there's gonna be a space that's just for them. I think that should be totally fine. I have an issue that it's always about destroying women's spaces. It doesn't make any sense to me. Moki writes, when I was younger, everything pointed toward me being conservative, but once I left my church and went to college, I was brainwashed. I used to hate you without even watching you. Now you're my fave content creator.


Praise God. Thank you. I'm so glad. Like I say, if people watch my content as opposed to reading articles about my content, they tend to stick around and see that I'm pretty even keel. Even If you don't agree with me, like I'll, I'll tell you rationally why I think something and then you're allowed to just be like, I don't agree because you, you shouldn't agree with everything I say. But yeah, the media is problematic for sure. They turn everybody into like the devil basically. They're like, she's Satan, she's terrible. And obviously they are extremely hyperbolic and what they're really fighting for is control for themselves and they're losing it. I think liars are losing big time this year. Chelsea Dominguez writes, I found The Witness Tree and ordered it. It was very expensive and there were only four copies in the website.


Just received an email that they can't send it to me now and the other books disappeared. Oh wow. Wow. I am not shocked at all. Oof. We gotta talk. I, I wish I had read that comment on tomorrow's show. Somebody sent me a PDF of it and I have not started reading it because I had been dying the last two days, but I intend to start reading it tonight, so I'm gonna dive into it. Why is the CIA all over this book, the Witness Tree? What am I gonna learn? Gosh, Leah writes, Candace, your show is still top 10 on Spotify despite no show for six days. Woo. That's amazing. That means people are watching the old stuff and yeah, I'm very grateful for you guys constantly downloading the podcast and listening to it and supporting the show and supporting us even when we're sick.


And I know that we are kind of marching towards the plank here with maternity leave and I'm gonna miss you guys, but we will be back stronger than ever. We're already thinking about other series to do, maybe even doing a becoming brae part two because it's just been so viral globally and we could have never predicted the success of that. We have Harvey's case coming up, which again, I implore you to look into that 'cause I am, I think House of Habit trying to get people not to watch Harvey Speaks is of interest because she didn't mention her personal relationship with one of the quote unquote victims. Jessica Mann. Anyways, you guys, I'm gonna get some rest for the book club people. I wanted to tell you, oh wait, by the way, we have new Merch. Look how great our anti-feminist hats are.


This is just, come on. That is just, this is great. It's fantastic. If you're listening to this in audio, I just put on an anti-feminist cap. It's white, it is pristine, it looks amazing, and you can get it at Candace Owens dot com or club Candace dot com, club Candace dot com, right? Yeah, I don know both probably all leads to the same place. And yeah, this is also happening. Somebody said, please do JIT too in the comments. Yeah, I think I didn't even like tap the surface of the brat story. What could I have possibly shared that just totally made Joe Rogan realize by episode two that she was a dude? I mean, yeah, because everything you were told was a lie and it's crazy how much the media can cover while attacking the people that are trying to tell the truth.


All of it is just an absolute madness. Oh, I love this. Julie says she needs the hat. Yeah, Julie, you definitely need the hat and I need rest. So whichever person was cracking the whip and sent you guys an email, I was, I obviously had nothing to do with the email that got sent out yesterday saying that we would do the book club today. I cannot, I just need to recoup still and get a little bit of sleep. So I asked him to bump it to next week. I think the person was my husband. I think my husband said I should be back tomorrow and no, I love you sweetheart, but I, I, I gotta bump it to next week. I just little bit of relaxation and sleep And so I'm back to a hundred percent. But thank you guys who were concerned, the real internet sleuths, like, you know, if anything happens, you know, like you don't know.


No, but you know, and that's all that matters. We'll see you guys tomorrow.