
Right guys. Happy Friday. We are live. Live again, which means of course, So I will not be responding to you guys every second in the live chat on YouTube. But don't worry, at the end of this when we get to comments, I will jump in and read as many super chats as I possibly can. So where to begin? It's been a crazy week. It's the reason we've been live so much. It feels like every minute there's some more explosive news. And in the wake of the Trump assassination attempt, there have been a ton of conspiracy theories. you know, don don't like using that term, that CIA term, but they're floating around the internet regarding what actually took place. First and foremost, the left believes that Trump was in on it. I know If. You've been seeing the Clipse of Joy Reed of M-S-N-B-C, but she's essentially saying that it all looks like a setup.


And Trump knew that it was going to happen and that's why he said fight, fight, fight. and yeah, that takes a a lot of faith. You would have to then believe that Trump trusted somebody so much as a marksman, that he trusted him, that even when he moved his head, he would just shoot his ear. I don't, I'm not buying, I'm not buying that one. But anyways, that is, that is pretty much the left. There're spinning theories about whether or not Trump was involved the rights. Well, we believe that the deep state was somehow in on it because it just seems utterly implausible to have that much of a security apparatus and to have no one have looked around and said, oh look, this is a high ground area. Of course it is a risk. And to make sure that you had some agents atop every roof tr rooftop that was within shooting distance of Donald J.


Trump, especially when you have secret service agents that travel with you everywhere. I believe that they wanted to murder Trump. But here's what is interesting left and right for the first time. We are actually agreeing, we're agreeing that something was not right that day. Was there a second shooter? There are some theories about that. By the way, who was the woman that was seated directly behind Donald Trump who seemed almost too calm as the mayhem broke out? I'm gonna show you that also. How lucky is it that the BBC just happened to be there to capture the first interview from an alleged witness of the shooting where the guy he was wearing that visor upside down, we're gonna talk about him.


All that plus much more today coming up on Candace live All, right guys? So I. Think we can all agree that it was a different Donald J. Trump that emerged on the RNC stage last night. Much more subdued, much more severe, I would say. And I can only imagine what is going through his mind having survived a near assassination attempt. Tucker Carlson hit the stage before him. And here's what Tucker Carlson had to say very briefly When he stood up after being shot in the face bloodied and put his hand up, I thought at that moment that was a transformation.


This was no longer a man. Well, I think that, I think it was divine intervention, but the effect that it had on Donald Trump, he was no longer just a political party's nominee or a former president or a future president. This was the leader of a nation. Here's the reality. Donald Trump should be dead. That's the truth. And I'm going to show you something that somebody put on the internet, put this together to show you just how close he came to death. Watch this footage here and I'll talk over it in case there are some of you that are just listening. Look at that. Unbelievably, you see in this recreation that he quite literally just a, a millisecond, we are talking of turning his head.


That is the only reason that Donald J. Trump is alive. And so, yes, tuck Carlson is correct. He is necessarily a changed man because you cannot come out of something like that and not really pause and reflect on your life. Not really pause and reflect on what are the things that actually matter. And you hear this all the time, by the way, any individual who goes through a near death experience, they come out of it forever changed. And of course we were all awaiting what would be the first remarks that Donald Trump would say as he hit that RNC stage. And here is a snippet of what he said. Take a listen. I'm not supposed to be here tonight, not supposed to be here, thank you.


But I'm not. and I'll tell you, I stand before you in this arena. Only by the grace of Almighty God. Donald Trump is talking about God in a way that you can tell he really means it. And like I said, he's much more subdued there. You can tell that he's meaning every single syllable of what he is saying, that God saved him that night. 'cause what, what else could have possibly been the reason? What could have compelled him to have turned his head? Not a moment, not a millisecond too soon. So I often speak about how emotions tend to rupture logic. Like none of us are immune to that. Not even me.


I, I recognize that in moments of high emotionality, we just react. We react and we do things that we wouldn't have done if we had time to think about it. And I've been sharing that with you a lot talking about psychology, how important it is that we talk about the history of psychology in this nation. Particularly people like Sigmund Freud who was an absolute pervert who supported pedophilia and helped people who were pedophiles get away with it via his psycho analy. Analyzing psycho animalism, which was born from Sigmund Freud. And of course his nephew Edward Brene, who I tell you about, who was considered the father of propaganda in the United States and worked for the United States government, particularly during World War ii, making sure that we were propagandized in the right way to want to sign up our sons to go die overseas.


Well, why am I telling you all that? Because I have learned that the United States government has been perfecting the process of how to create mass psychosis events. Events that are so unbelievably tragic or so unbelievably awe inspiring. I can give you one example of a tragic George Floyd dying that created a mass psychosis nine 11 watching those buildings that creates a mass psychosis, right? And they do these things and they show you these things and they shock your system because they want you to be crazed by emotions. And when you are at your peak of emotionality, they know that you will get into a mass formation.


So what was the mass formation created after nine 11? Well, we agreed to go to war and give up all of our rights. Yep. Didn't care. Take off our bell shoes. Everything. It just, please just keep us safe. If, you had the Patriot act, BLM, you obviously saw people burning down cities just ahead of an election. Radical policies passed in inner cities, demanding reparations, you name it, things were in sync. DEI boards everywhere suddenly because there had to be a DEI war. Look at George Floyd died. Of course, it's only in the retrospect that people seem to find some sense and to seek some clarity. So I thought about that. I, I realized that Donald Trump, like he said, was not supposed to survive that night. He was supposed to die on July 13th while all of us were watching, okay?


The news agencies wanted us to see Donald J. Trump assassinated on tv. And then what would've been our response? What would've been your response? Think about if he had actually been killed and you had watched that footage. There was some mass psychosis formation that was supposed to take place. And now in the retrospect, I'm thinking about that and I'm realizing that they're already kind of trying to memory hold what happened. It's sort of like the mainstream media. Like okay, he's a nominee and he, he's gonna win the election and then Biden should just step down. Doesn't even matter, but hold on, hold on. We haven't even gotten any answers regarding what exactly took place that day. We're not gonna memory hold this. Give us actual answers to the questions that we have and do not even think for a moment that we will accept you calling us conspiracy theories.


These are theories. Yes. We're not gonna be called conspiracy theories. These are theories. Yes. And we expect that it is your job to debunk them. That's what it means to be a journalist. By the way, you are supposed to debunk these theories so we know what is real and what is not. Not just Operation Mockingbird it and tell us what we are supposed to think or tell us that we're, we're crazy for even thinking, right? And so here are some of the theories or some of the questions that are being asked around the internet, things that have gone viral that I at least wanted to do my best to answer or at least acknowledge that there are questions still lingering First. And foremost, there was a woman who seemed almost too calm when Trump got shot.


I'm sure you have seen this clip of this woman and through some digging, there are a lot of people on the internet believe that she may or may not be an FBI agent seated directly behind Donald Trump. And as she got, as he got shot, you will see, I'm gonna show you this footage. It almost she's, she's looking in that direction and then you can see she's holding a sign. And then when Trump actually gets shot and everybody ducks, she barely ducks and instantly pops back up with her phone and is recording. You can see at the bottom of the flip that I'm showing you, there has been a, an internet ID made of a woman named Janine g cepi who is an assistant director, the FBI office in the north.


And people are going, that's her, that is her. That absolutely is the woman that I just saw saw. Let's actually go back and show, have a clip of her again in the stands so that people can, can see this again of how she reacts almost too calmly look because she's like looking over there. People are going is sh is she looking at the shooter? Does she know that it's the shooter is about to shoot Trump? It seems like she's getting her phone ready. She kind of smirks a little bit and then as the agents are running, she just calmly is filming. Everyone else is scared. They realize Trump is hurt and she seems to be calmly filming. So yeah, it's a weird video. But I can tell you right now that these side-by-side comparisons, I did my due diligence, it just doesn't look like that.


Is Janine Giuseppe who was in fact promoted by Christopher Ray. Look at that side by side. You go, okay, they have some comparisons but you can see that Janine is bigger and also you can see that their noses are entirely different. And then we did some even further digging and we were able to discover who in fact that woman is. And I'm not going to give her name because she is a private citizen, but I will show you a photo of who was sitting in the audience that day. And by the way, she idd herself because she went and put videos on TikTok regarding her presence when Trump was shot. And now you can see that that is definitively that girl. You can see that that is the woman and that she is wearing the same ring that she has on in the footage of Trump's assassination attempt.


So I can tell you having gone through her Instagram, which is still public, that definitively that is the correct id, it is not an FBI agent. Now can I answer for you why it is that she remained so calm? Well you could say she knew the shooting was going to happen, but she was looking to the right in the same way that Trump was looking to the right, clearly he was looking towards something to the right and maybe she too was looking towards something towards the right. I'm just playing devil's advocate here. And you never know how people are going to react in an emergent emergency situation. Everybody reacts differently. I know, I for certain would not have been grabbing my phone or smirking. Maybe she shouldn't even process what had happened. But we should give her the opportunity to explain herself.


But at least we can rest assured that she's not the agent that many people are reporting that she is. Now let's take a look at another one of these questions that are making its way around the internet. Well there was the question mark regarding Greg Smith. Do you guys remember Greg Smith? Well, we certainly remember him because we went live that night and almost the first bit of information that we got that led to some questions was this man who was on the BBC network being interviewed, talking, speaking about what exactly he witnessed when he saw this lone shooter. He said that he tried to tell the secret service agents, he tried to inform the police.


And I'll just jog your memory here with 60 seconds of Greg Smith speaking as this was going on or on the, on the evening that this took place, take a listen As someone who was here, you weren't inside the event. Nope. But you were just outside. Tell us what you saw. So, so we had a party here all day at the, you can see behind us at the, at the Briles Farm and Greenhouse here. We had a party and we all decided, hey, you know when, when we hear Trump up there, we're gonna walk up through the field, stand by the trees up there under the shade. Yeah. And watch the, and listen to the rally, right? We couldn't see him but we could hear him. So we walked up and probably five to seven minutes of Trump speaking.


I'm estimating here, I have no idea, you know, but we noticed a guy crawling arm, you know, bear crawling up the roof of the building beside us, 50 50 feet away from us. We're gonna get outta that just because you guys have already seen this. And he just is incredulous and, and very heavily implies that they allowed this shooting to take place. People are asking, where is the guy, what are the chances that his last name is Smith? It's always a Smith, right? Someone that's hard to research. While he does indicate First and foremost, he's wearing a brewery, t-shirt from the rally looked into this, this is in fact a brewery that is nearby. But anybody could be wearing a costume, I suppose. He also, you hear him identifies himself by not only giving his name but saying we were right here where at this greenhouse, this greenhouse is where we, we couldn't see Trump.


We were listening to it and we saw all of this taking place. I, based on my own research belief that Greg Smith is an actual person. Because when I tweeted, Hey, can we follow up on Greg Smith? Where are the journalists knocking on the doors of all of his friends asking them to confirm what it is exactly that Greg Smith says that they saw. Where is the follow up here? What is the procedure? Is it difficult perhaps to get into, to, to, to reach out to Greg Smith? No, it's not at all. Actually I'll tell you how easy it was. I'd sent a tweet and said, I'd like to interview Greg Smith. And within 30 minutes I had an email in my inbox from his son saying, yeah, would you like to be connected with my father? So that signals to me that no journalist people that we are supposed to be relying on for the truth, relying on us for the perspectives that we should all be taking.


The people that are shaping our minds have made any effort to follow up with Greg Smith or his friends. Actually, I just, one second because Savannah's over here with an update. You got his number this quickly from morning tweets. Now I have Greg Smith's number. Has any journalist done an update with Greg Smith? Because I would like to, and I don't think we're gonna be able to figure out technology for us to be able to do this in this moment. Maybe when we get off of this slide, we can start a new one later on tonight and just do a quick update with Greg Smith, you know, 15 minutes, tell us what happened, who has spoken to him, who has spoken to his friends? Because I haven't seen him on any of the networks. 'cause as I said, it seems like they just wanna move on. So we now know that Greg Smith is a real person and it does not look like any journalist has reached out to him.


Moving on you guys, and this has been a huge conspiracy on the net regarding whether or not there was a second shooter, that there was a two shooter conspiracy. and I will show you how this conspiracy came about. It's not because people are sitting in their rooms making up things. It's because people that were interviewed on that day, on July 13th that were in the crowd spoke about another shooter atop the water tower. There was a water tower that was at a higher point than the shooter that we know about. People alleged that they, they saw someone up there, there was very grainy footage and I could show it to you. But to be honest, it's so grainy. There's, it's, it is absolutely impossible to say whether or not you're seeing a shadow of an individual up there or if it's simply a shadow period that's just coming from the tower itself.


But what I can say is that this woman giving an interview is the reason that so many people believe that there was a second shooter, take a listen to what she had to say. What I've heard coming out here is now they feel that there was two shooters on both sides. So they got the one on the tower on this side, but the one on the right side, they never got. So they, that's why they wanted us to leave immediately. 'cause they thought there's still a shooter out there somewhere. So there could be in these woods around Butler. So there you have it, that has gone viral as well as other people speaking about two shooters. But in each of the interviews that I've listened to, you can hear that she says, I heard that they got one shooter and not the other. That means that that's, that's a rumor that's making its way around.


In the second video, another woman says a shooter toward like if the shooting was happening toward the water tower, which just means in that general direction, again, it, it's not clear enough for us to be able to discern that this is 1000% true. That there were two shooters. We know there were multiple shots fired from different directions because of course some people were shooting at Trump and some people were shooting at the shooter. I would just say that this right now is completely unverified, but I will completely commit to continually looking into it. I'll obviously check your comments. You guys will send links. Nothing that my team and I felt strong enough to suggest that there was a, a second shooter that was shooting at Trump as a conspiracy goes from the water tower. I think that in these sorts of scenes, a lot of people speak, they're speaking to one another.


You're speaking to the neighbor and what did you see? What did you see while they were shooting by toward, near by the water tower. Nothing concrete just of yet. But again, I should not be the first person investigating this or even willing to talk about it. There are people that have way better access to me. Maybe Elon Musk could just release satellite images from that day. I don't know. But the people deserve, given what they saw on that day to have an official thought debunked. Then of course there's this, and I will show you the, the side by side that's making the rounds. People believe that there were intentional fed agitators that were on the ground. And I'll tell you why, because we know that this is a real thing. January 6th, they were fed agitators that were on the ground.


We know that this is an operation that they run a lot of times, most notoriously we all laughed out loud when somebody tried to stage the unite the right rally. And then a bunch of people who looked exactly like feds, like boy scouts were trying to see if anybody would show up like it was a sting operation. Hey, unite the right, lets see who comes out. And then we're, we're just gonna blame them and pretend that Trump supporters have become horrific backwards white supremacist people who want to murder Governor Whitmer another fed plot that was debunked. But look at this side by side that somebody created on the internet. It says, hmm, this guy looks familiar. And then they show a picture on the bottom here of who we all believe to be a fed at the unites the right rally.


Obviously now we can't even id the person on the bottom, so we certainly won't be able to Id the person on the top. What I can say is that there's obviously a similarity. Yeah, do they look alike? Yes, they do look alike, but they don't, he doesn't exactly have such an interesting look that it would be difficult to find someone who does look like this. Like it's a pretty standard haircut there. He's wearing sunglasses and it it, we could, there would just be no way for us to say whether or not this is the same individual. But what I can say is that there is a way for the people that are surrounding Trump, he needs to hire a private security firm or simply rely or or just people that you actually rely upon. It could, it could be someone in his campaign, it could be a family member to do the due diligence.


Someone who is not fearful, someone who is not scared to be called conspiracy theorist. Tucker Carlson, get me on the job If, you give me access to the information If, you give me a list. Donald Trump of every person who you are being told was on the ground that day. I will go through, I will crawl the internet. I will crust footage from every person that was on the ground that day. and I will do face by face matchups to make sure that what you are being told is the truth. I will figure out who that guy is. It's that simple. And again, this should not be just the internet that wants to know this. Donald Trump should want to know this. He should want to know who wants him dead. And he certainly should not be relying upon the same people who had the lapse in security to tell him the truth.


So what do I believe is actually going on? Because this is a lot, it's a lot to process. Like do I actually believe that there was a second shooter? Do I actually believe that the, the Feds were on the ground and they were intentionally there to allow Trump to get shot at? Well I think there is no question that things are not adding up. They're not adding up in the retrospect. There's nothing that they're giving us other than just implying that we need to move on. A couple of points that aren't adding up. Well one, the secret service is alleging or they've shown a picture that they found a transmitter near the shooter. Okay? Transmitter near the shooter, Thomas Matthew Crooks near his body.


Here's a transmitter trying sound a signal. Here's a photo of it. You can see it on the ground. And there are alleging that it was connected to explosives that were found near his car. And lemme ask you a question, just common sense. I know crazy to stop with the common sense If, you were gonna explode a car, right? If, you were like, I'm gonna blow up this car. Why would you do this on the roof? Well, the government is theorizing that he wanted to provide some sort of a distraction. That theory makes no sense because If, you blew up a car before you shot the president. The car blowing up would be the reason that they took the president off stage. That would be a threat, okay? That's not gonna create a good distraction for you.


So what was, what were you gonna do? Put yourself in the car in case you got away with shooting the president? Did you, did you actually expect to survive shooting at the President and then get into your car? What? Blow yourself up again, the story does not make sense. Neither does the fact that not a single individual has been fired yet. No one has lost their job. Least of all. Kim Cheadle. Rather the world is being lectured. There are actually articles about the rampant sexism. Oh God, how dare we say that? Women should not be guarding men physically that are larger than them. How dare we say that? Men should guard men. That's actually what the media's doing. They're making us feel bad for looking at these women and saying this is a joke.


Get powerful men surrounding Donald Trump. The kind of men that instantly jumped all over him trying to save his life effectively did save his life. By the way, I should add here that there have been whistleblowers that have come forward and they are now claiming to Senator Josh Hawley that the majority of the security personnel that were at Butler, at the Butler Pennsylvania rally were Homeland Security investigations agent. Essentially they were not equipped to be providing protection to Donald Trump. That's a problem. That's a real problem. Do I actually believe? Well I believe that what was supposed to happen that day was Donald Trump was supposed to be shot.


We were supposed to watch it. We were supposed to have a visceral emotional response to it be. And the mass formation psychosis that was to follow similar to nine 11 was for us to acquiesce to war because I'm sure you didn't miss this in the news, but they're alleging that there was a threat from Iran. That Iran, they had received some sort of a, a communication, had intercepted communications that Iran, the country that the elites are begging to go to war with, apparently wanted to assassinate Donald Trump that day. Now I can tell you that Iran instantly has responded and said that this is crap.


That that is an absolute lie. They had nothing to do with what took place that day. and that this is typical of the CIA when they wanna go to war, they create a false flag event to get the people on the side of war. and that everybody agrees 'cause they're so emotional and that have happened. Yeah, maybe, maybe people would've been so emotional having watched Trump die, that they would've believed that Iran was behind it, but instead Trump survived. And what was the mass psych mass psychosis formation that took place there? Well, because he survived, it turned Trump into a national hero. I think probably Hulk Hogan last night at the RNC best exemplifies how the American people are feeling.


Now take a listen, But what happened last week when they took a shot at my hero and they tried to kill the next president of the United States. Enough was enough. and I said, let Trumpia run Wild Brother. Let Trumpia rule again. Let mania make America great again. Sorry, CIA, not the mass for formation that you were hoping for, but that's what you got now.


People are rallying behind him like never before because he's here, he has survived it. And yes, I believe very much it is because God was with him that day. All right guys. Now before we move on and get into some stories or rather one story regarding Bella Hadid, which has me very frustrated right now. I do wanna tell you about one of our sponsors because what they are doing just lines up so perfectly with what we believe our mission is. As conservatives and as Christians,


we all drink coffee. So why not drink Seven Weeks Coffee, that is America's pro-life coffee company. They're on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. And why the name Seven Weeks? Well, because at seven weeks of development, a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the first time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. So that's why they donate 10% of every sale to support ultrasound services at pregnancy care centers across the country. Seven Weeks Coffee is launching an exciting new initiative called Drink More Coffee, save More Lives because they are so close to saving 5,000 lives. So If, you commit to drinking Seven Weeks Coffee every morning. You'll be a part of funding the pro-life movement and helping save over 5,000 lives and counting the coffee is molt free pesticide, pesticide free shade gro shade grown, low acidic and organically farmed. And they also support our farmers by cutting out the middlemen. They pay farmers directly, which gives them 300% more than fair Trade requires exclusively. For my listeners, when you subscribe to their coffee, you'll save 15% and get a free drink Coffee Save Lives Tote on your first order. And that's not all exclusively for my audience as well. If, you use Code Candace at checkout, you will save an additional 10% off giving you a total of 25% savings on your first order. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace. Save up to 25% off. Again, that is Seven Weeks Coffee dot com. Use code Candace and you will save up to 25% off


All. right guys, we gotta talk about Bella Hadid. I am very upset. I'm very upset about what's going on right now. It's, it's outrageous. you know what, it's, I hate liars and liars hate me. I figured this out. Like that is the thing. People who lie can't stand me for my audacity to tell the truth in times when they are just trying to create a mass psychosis event. and I especially hate people that operate like bullies and pretend to be the victim. Okay, so Bella Hadid, I am not, I don't really, in the modeling world, I definitely don't even like Adidas. Okay? don don't support Adidas as a company, but what is happening to her right now is an absurdity. I'm gonna take you through what took place. So Israel as in the country, has a Twitter account, a verified Twitter account, like yes, we are the real Israel.


And they tweeted this about 48 hours ago. Adidas recently launched a new campaign for their shoes to highlight the 1972 Munich Olympics. 11 Israelis were murdered by Palestinian terrorists during the Munich Olympics. Guess who the face of their campaign is? Bella Hadid, a half Palestinian model who has a history of spreading antisemitism and calling for violence against Israelis and Jews. She and her father frequently promote blood libels, anti-Semitic conspiracies against Jews, Adidas, any comment? Okay, so right instantly, I know that ev everything, virtually everything in this is going to be a lie. You can tell by the language in there, because they're not actually saying Adidas has said anything explicitly in the campaign or building anything in the campaign explicitly.


And they're just pretending that the campaign highlighted the Olympics doesn't make any sense. And then they use their, their favorite terms, blood libels, antisemitic conspiracy theories. and I instantly knew that something was wrong with this. Because I know the story of Bella Hadid's family and how they came to the United States. And it's such an appalling story that the reason why they have been targeting her since October 7th is because just sharing the story If, you have like a modicum of a soul, a modicum, even full soul, just like a modicum of a soul. You will go, oh my gosh, that is horrific. And I'm sorry. Okay, so Bella Hadid shared, and this is a fact and you can look this up.


They have documents. Nobody, nobody is debugging up. This took place with her family. Way back in 1946, there was a boat of refugees of Jewish refugees that were coming from Germany following the war. And they were actually refused port in New York. They were refused port in Cuba. And then they arrived at Palestine and they were carrying a sign. There are images of this in history of them carrying a sign, basically saying that Palestinians like the Germans destroyed our dreams. Please don't destroy our hopes. And because there were Christians And, there were Muslims who felt so horrifically about what took place during World War ii.


They opened their literal homes to these people. Like, I'm not saying like, yeah, you can stay here and build a home for you. As in these people said, you can move into our homes. So Bella Hadid's grandmother, her paternal grandmother, her name, and it's escaping me right now, I think it is Zaire, her grandmother, essentially Zara, I think her name is her grandmother, was one of these people that opened their homes. And she allowed two families. Two families. 'cause I had to fact check this after I did a video on TikTok yesterday to move into their home in sfa. Okay? They allow this family to live in their home for two years. At the time, Bella Hadid's grandmother had four children, okay?


Three children. And she, and she was pregnant with one. And when she was due to give birth to her son, she decided to go stay with her parents so that she could deliver the baby, be around her mother. And when her baby was nine days old, she returned to her house where her friends and the refugees had been staying with her for years. People that she never felt threatened by, who she felt again, Genuinely needed that help that they were giving to her, had locked her out of the home, locked her out of the home. The gate was locked. And when they tried to communicate with them, the people said, If, you try to get into this house, you will get killed.


This is, this is a takeover. Your home is now our home. They were instantly made refugees on that day. This is a true story. You can look this up yourself. It's unimaginable. It's unimaginable to me that this took place. It completely, I guess I don't even know what I thought happened. I had assumed, when people give us the explanation that listen, this is what happens in wars. You know lines get re redrawn. Okay? All of that is true. you know what was, is not, I had assumed that they were given money for their property. I mean the idea that a war could take place. You imagine like the Afghanistan war, we lose it. We did. But if I'm saying, if, if we were warring with the Taliban here on American soil and then afterwards they just were like, get outta your house I know your family has lived here for thousands of years, which is the case for Bella Hadid's family.


They have a very long history in Palestine actually. She's related to, to royalty. They've been around that long in that area, living in Palestine. You just can't even imagine that scenario. Okay? So let's just start there. Imagine that scenario. You have your nine day old baby in your hand. You go to your house where you have opened up the refugees and they say, get out or you're gonna get shot the end. Anyways, they became refugees. They went to Syria, first refugees in Syria. And as the story goes, at some point they made their way to America because her grandfather got a job in America. And from there they became successful again. Her father Mohammed became a real estate mogul.


And obviously his daughters became models. They're actually half Dutch, half Palestinian. So on October 7th took place, I saw this because I remember feeling so emotional for everyone that was impacted. Gal Gado was sharing stories. She grew up in Israel. Of course, as an Israeli, she's gonna have stories. How can you deny her what's happened to her in her history and where she grew up and what she calls home. Bella Hadid was on the other side of that as a Palestinian, sharing the story of what happened to her family. And for whatever reason, only one of these individuals then began being consistently attacked by the mainstream media. and that was Bella Hadid with all of the typical things that are called antisemitic, conspiracy theorists, blood libel. The idea that a family could survive that build something of their own and then be punished for sharing what they survived.


It's monstrous, but that's it. There's a tar on her back. Now they want her to lose everything because there is a living memory of what happened to her father. Her father, by the way, was the baby that was in the arms of her grandmother. He is vocal about what happened to his family as any person would be, had they had survived in or grew up in a refugee camp or had those sorts of things happen to them. And for that they want her punished. So what is the actual truth that did Ditas aside to commemorate as the publications were sharing? 'cause they text all of these Zionist journalists, the same ones that attack me and take me out of context. Try to pretend that I'm calling for the death of people because I will stand up to bullies and I do not like bullies. and I will forever be a person that is not fearful to tell the truth.


Okay? Because a piece of your soul dies when you lie. But also a piece of your soul dies. When you remain silent and you watch people tell horrific lies. And this is a horrific lie. They're talking about Bella Hadid. Make no mistake. It's horrific. They are targeting her while pretending they're the victims. So what actually happened with Adidas? Were they trying to commemorate? Is Israelis dying in 1979? Of course not. So I'm gonna take you guys through, 'cause maybe you're not a quote unquote sneakerhead. That's what they call people who love sneakers and follow sneaker culture. There is entire culture around sneakers. Adidas, very long time ago, decided that they were gonna go back to through their old catalog of shoes and find ways to reinvent them so they could resell them or make them popular again in modern times.


So I'll give you an example of some shoes they did. The gazelle years ago, that was one of the shoes that they said first hit the scene, a red version of it in 1965. They showcase the the shoes, early design elements and it became the Go-to training shoe back in the mid 1960s. And it was used as a prop in countless 1960s and 1970s apparel photo shoots. They have rereleased that shoe as a vintage shoe. They also re-released the Adidas campus shoe, another athletic shoe that was created by them and was released in the 1970s. They were first released as basketball shoes before switching to lifestyle shoes. Then there came the samba.


The samba was actually designed, by the way, in 1949 to enable football players to train on icy hard ground. So obviously the story of Adidas begins in Germany. It is, it is a German company. And they were designing these shoes for athletes and now they are bringing back all of these vintage shoes. So two years ago they made the decision to bring back a version of the samba called the Samba 72. They're calling it the Samba SL 72, right? I think it stands for Samba lightweight 72, because that was the year that they introduced that shoe just in time for the Munich Summer Olympics. So this is just a historical factoid about this shoe.


Now why did they decide to re re-release it two years ago before Bella was in the campaign? Because two years ago it was the shoe's 50th anniversary. So just people in a room going, okay, it's 50th anniversary of this shoe, let's re-release it. And they did. They relaunched it for, for $80 a pop two years ago. And nobody cared. Israel didn't tweet about it until this year when they decided to make Bella one of their models. And if If you looked at that Israel tweet, you would go, oh, they must have just picked Bella. Nope. There were multiple models that were selected to rock this shoe. And to of course as a models are supposed to do, she has been an Adidas model for years.


Get other people to sell it. She's a supermodel. Her job is to literally sell clothing. So there were more people that were a part of this campaign. I'm just looking for the names here 'cause I wanna actually tell you just how absurd this is. They had a, was it ASAP Nast? Skyler ASAP Nast. They had an A footballer that was another person who was a part of this campaign. They had a Chinese person who was a part of this campaign. And Bella Hadid, who happens to be half Palestinian and who is on their, what I call journalist hit list, right? They're gonna keep stalking her in the same way that they stalk me. They're gonna take things that she does out of context. They said nothing to the other three models that are featured in this campaign.


They said, no, this girl, she's a problem. She's doing this because, oh, do You know what happened during the, the Munich Olympics? Do you know what happened? So clearly this must be the reason that she was selected two years after they premiered the show to simply model the sneaker again. They lie. They lie. They did not tell anybody that the shoe was released two years ago. They did not talk about the other models they featured in the campaign. And of course they said nothing about the Munich Olympics, nothing about commemorating the Olympics. When they released the shoe, they are harassing Bella Haddi. They want her canceled because she's half Palestinian and she's not quiet about it, which is sick. And it is disturbing. And you should be angry about this. You should be angry that this is allowed in America. You should be angry that our tax dollars are going to this country so they can harass models that are wearing sneakers.


It's an insult. And I'm not gonna shut bad. I don't care about your publications, you've said it all. I literally don't care you, you just can't get it through your thick skulls that I do not care. I don't like liars. And you're lying about Bella Hadida and the Adidas campaign and despite their lies, because there was so much pressure created from the corporate narrative, Israel tweeted, so everyone better fall in line. Adidas actually has now dropped her from the campaign. They've apologized. They didn't even by the way give an apologetic like a quote that makes sense because they didn't do actually anything wrong because apologized for how people felt about the campaign. They said in a, this is the quote they gave. We are conscious that connections have been made to tragic historical events. Though these are are completely unintentional and we apologize for any upset or distressed cause caused, as a result, we are revising the remainder of the campaign.


This means kicking up Bella Hadid just because she's Palestinian. Okay? Just 'cause she's half Palestinian. We believe in sport as a unifying force around the world and we'll continue our efforts to champion diversity and equality in everything that we do. Feckless corporations. Let somebody try that with, with one of my employees or somebody that's working for me. Did you try to tell me a lie and think that because you have a bunch of journalists, a bunch of feckless dishonest journalists who sit there and mean tweet, okay, that I'm gonna fire them or pull them apart from a campaign. Because you've invented something like a psychopath in your own head that this campaign had nothing to do with. And you're intentionally removing it from its context entirely to make it, to make this was done purposely because you hate her because of her ethnicity.


You call her anti-Semitic. She is Semitic, she's Palestinian. Okay, So, I am I am just so sick of it. The comments, oh okay, this what's happening. Can you miss me with it? Okay. Literally I'm built different. I just cannot stand people like this. It was dishonest. And Bella Hadid, I don't know why you would wanna work with people like this. Genuinely, I'm I know you've been a model for a very long time. But it would kill my soul. Kill my soul. I couldn't do it To, to work every day in an industry of people who will get on their knees. By the way, she's gonna have to pay taxes to Israel, right? I mean she's, she's based in California. For a country that you are giving tax dollars to that is using their official Twitter to harass you. I couldn't do it.


Not given what your family has lived through, I'm glad, I'm glad it wasn't my grandma or granddad 'cause everyone knows how I feel about my grandma and granddad and this would just be Ooh, ooh. Not something that we want to happen. Nobody messes with my granddad or my grandma. May they rest in peace. Let me just say that right now. Anyways, you guys, let me get into this ad before I start going off. 'cause I'm just thinking about if something happened to my grandma or granddad and I'm about to go off, I'm about to mean tweet at Israel.


Talking about American Financing. Instead, you work hard to support yourself and your family, but it may seem as though you're taking a step back every month instead of moving forward because the bills seem like they're higher than they've ever been. What you bring in every month you have to swipe that credit card to cover the difference and the debt continually adds up. But If, you own a home, my friends at American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you an average of $854 a month. Think about what you could do with an extra $800 every single month and not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments. And even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American, Financing, and If. you start today, you'll be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. Call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Wow, I thought that was gonna calm me down, but I'm still fired up by grandma and granddad. Let's just jump into some of your comments. Let's jump into some of your comments 'cause this is just, you know, not my granddad. Okay? I am jumping into some of these super chats. Do I go to live chat? Top chat. Here we go. I know Sky. You taught me how to do this before, but thank you very much. Okay, Dara Dark. Brandon writes, have you seen the cartoons? I have made a you. I have not. So I will look that up. We have Menacing Hammer who asks is it just is writing Donald Trump for president. I totally agree with that. Illustrious Visions writes, I have to be honest, I'd never believed a woman should ever be a president of the country.


And after watching your content, I changed my mind. Canice 2028. Thank you so much. I would be a good president. I actually tend to agree with you that I don't believe that a lot of women are suited for that job because of emotionality. But I think that I've just endured so much emotionally, publicly that I, I think I would be the best fit of all of the women. Talkative Ape writes yesterday I realized two of my three cats are definitely antisemitic. Wow. I'm really sorry to hear that. That is Did you talk to them? I used to talk to my cat. That's very upsetting and you should do something about that. Obviously this person, Alva Reon writes bread and circus. AJ got sued for saying they use actors and put on shows.


Oh, Alex Jones. They do though. I guess you're referring to the Newtown shooting, right? And yes, Alex Jones got very suited for the stuff that he said. Wondering whether or not they are using actors. I don't think the guy is an actor, I'm just saying. But it's weird that people haven't gone out and had him on the show, which we will definitely get him on the show. Maybe I'll even do a surprise live later today. Meg writes, curiously Trump commended his secret service. Does he not know what we are all thinking? I just think we need to give him time because to process that I, I think he just needs a little bit of time to process what happened to him, I guess is the only way that I can say it. Johnny writes, do you think Trump will drain the swamp if he wins? Listen, I sure hope.


So I, sure hope So I hope he brings the country together, which I think he did last night. I hope that he has the right people around him. I don't think that in his first four years he had the right people around him and they kind of engineered his administration basically getting him to do things that don don't think Trump actually would've done. But it's hard because his entire presidency, he was really drinking from a fire hose. you know what I mean? He couldn't come up for air. They kept the pressure on him every minute of every single day with baseless lawsuits. And he needed to have people around him that he could trust. and I don't think that he ever got that Virginia Rights Candace. Please look into the story of former Naval Intelligence Officer William Bill Cooper and his book, behold A Pale Horse which exposes the government's agenda against our country and the American people.


I've heard about this book and I believe he was killed. Bill Cooper eventually in like a shootout with police and I. That's all I know about it. I think he was a former naval intelligence officer who then started doing radio. Don't quote me on that. This person color TV writes, Muslims believe Jesus will be back on earth to judge us as a Muslim. I proudly say Christ is king. I support all my Christian brothers and sisters on the path to heal America. God bless Christ is king. I absolutely love that. Shane writes Candace, can you recommend another book for us? The CandaceOwens Book Club? Yes. I'm gonna launch that next week. Plus we have the next Stanis cup which will be on sale next week. Should I tell you guys what it says? Should I tell you what? No can, can't. I can't. I can't right now. You guys are crazy.


Nope. Nope. I can't tell you. But you're gonna really like this next Sandis cup since we are discontinuing the old Sandis cups today. So If, you haven't purchased it, purchased it right now. People, I'm gonna read a couple more of these. Amanda writes, God was with Trump. He has a purpose. Delilah writes, Jesus is the truth the way and the life Candace. I'm struggling with hope. In the wake of the political unrest around the world, share with us a Bible verse that maintains your faith in God and or humanity. Love your content. It's not a particular bur verse that maintains, that maintains my faith in humanity or my faith in God. It's, it's my faith period. and that is one of the most beautiful things. And particularly for whatever reason since becoming a Catholic, I have just had a very cheery perspective because I know that we win.


And so even the persecution that I'm suffering this watching Tucker suffer the persecution he's going through, I just have this perspective, this giddy, happy go lucky perspective because I know God is real. and I just feel bad for people who don't know that because how that completely shifts your mentality and completely shifts your heart and your perspective in the best way possible because you're like, this is not it. God is real and and you can feel him moving right now all across America. I just hope that in watching this podcast, I am sharing with people in a way that makes them at least curious about faith. To recognize that even If, you think you don't have faith. There is a faith being established for you by the government and it is, it is a satanic faith.


And the only way that you are going to be able to counter that is with faith in the real one. True God. Candace, what is your fave? Easy go-to meal to cook. Amanda. Amanda. Probably just chicken and rice. Like that's good. And a vegetable is quick. That's the quickest go to like If. you just don't even wanna think about dinner. That is the quickest go-to always for everyone. BlackRock played a role in the Microsoft incident. Why don don't know Queen J. But I will look into that. And last couple of ones, chase writes Candace, can you please come speak at Lu again? Yes. Invite me. Chase. Chelsea Dominguez writes Candace, please watch Out of Shadows by Mike Smith. They keep taking it off of YouTube but you can still find it on IMDB when you Google it.


Definitely something you would be interested in. I have a very long list of stuff that I need to read and I just, it just keeps getting longer and longer because the more that I recognize that everything around us is a lie, then the more I go pursuing truth. And the only way that you can actually get to truth is by finding all these old books they don't want you to read. 'cause they just want you to think that whatever they produce is the truth and it's sort of a never ending present with no substance and no history. One of the big reasons I went back to the Catholic church, 'cause I realized that they were the ones holding the candle and that a lot of the things that we think about the Catholic church, we were led to think that about the Catholic church in the same way that we were led to believe things about Trump. Initially. It, it is my perspective, which I know in my heart to be true. We were initially led to believe those things about the Catholic church.


'cause it has always been a war against the forming of a one holy apostolic church. It is a war on Christianity. They do not want Christians unified in the best way to make sure Christians never were unified was to establish a lot of different faiths amongst the Christian community and I. Hope that that gets fixed in the future. Don't at me. Don't at me talking about, I'm going right to a live chat. 'cause I know how you guys do. Okay? You didn't say anything bad. All, right? By the way, guys, Monday fun day, I'm gonna be doing the hot sauce challenge. Yes. You guys know what I'm talking about. The live chat went up to 15 K the other day while I was in it. And I said if it hit 15 K, then I would eat Hattie Bees hot wings. They're called Mother Uck and hot. It's not gonna be just me.


I'm gonna make the whole team do it. and I, I just live chat. You guys are bad people. You don't even feel bad. You're gonna watch me cry on the internet. You guys, you guys are just mean, mean people for having it hit 15 K. But I am going to do it because I love you guys. And when I say I'm gonna do it, I say I'm gonna do something I mean it. So we will see you guys on Monday. By the way, get your Santas cup. This is the last day. It's on sale club Candace dot com. You better collect 'em all like up like Pokemon because at the end of the year, if you've collected them all, every million subscribers maybe There will be a prize. Maybe there won't be a prize, maybe there will be a prize. And that's the important thing. Club Candace dot com or locals.com to support the show. If, you can give monthly, so to keep us free so I can yell at about things without being canceled because don don't rely on, you know, the ecosystem of journalism.


I, know what I'm saying? Goodbye. It's Friday. I'm tired. I'll see you on Monday.