
Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I'm back in Tennessee. Happy hump day, Trump day. We did it Joe. We made Kamala Indian again. We can set our clocks back to two genders again. And let me just say this right at the top here. The following is not suited for all advertisers. This is not going to be an e rating for everyone to watch this podcast. I know that there are some people out there that are immediately calling for Unity. I hear your calls and I decided to send them all to voicemail for the next hour because we are going to have some fun. We are going to unburden ourselves from what has been. So welcome back to Candace.


Happy Janet Jackson Day. That's what I wanna say. Happy Janet Jackson Day. When you see a Janet Jackson, you better thank a Janet Jackson. You better thank a Janet Jackson. I mean, is it weird that I'm also kind of partly sad, a little bit like just a tiny bit sad? I said to my team, where do we go from here? Who are we? Who am I? I don't know who I am. 42 million downloads across 24 episodes of the Kamala Chronicles. That is not a joke. 42 million downloads we had. You guys were listening, you were sharing. And I just don't know how I'm going to exist outside of just like, you know, wanting to know who she is and getting to the bottom of it. And suddenly her genealogy is completely irrelevant.


I'm sad, I'm sad. I hope Trump makes her an assistant or something So I can still keep looking into it. Look, we already know what the media talking points are going to be. What the media talking points are about her loss. It's because she's a woman. It's because she's a woman of color. And I just want to stop everybody right there, okay? Because what did America actually vote no to? Okay, well, we voted no to Hollywood voted no to race baiting. We voted no to sex baiting. We voted no to the my body, my choice. Bizarre public satanic ritual that it became of women pretending that the only thing that we have ever cared about, the only thing that has ever mattered has been our right to murder our own offspring.


I mean, that got weird. And I say this as somebody who's actually quite harsh on conservatives on the topic of pro-choice versus pro-life. Because look, there's a ton of women who, like me, when I was pro-choice, you grow up in high school and you learn that it's a clump of cells, right? And so you think it's the science that you're learning, you trust the science and they tell you it's the responsible thing to do. And I don't think the average woman is doing this because they like get off on murder. You know what I mean? But Democrats completely moved away from the concept of pro-choice. I mean, this campaign, make no mistake, it was pro death. Pro death. They were just like, no, we absolutely have to be able to abor our children in the womb. They were celebrating that. And beyond that, what did they, what did they run on? What was the platform?


It really was just abortion and black men needing to behave like black men. Because Obama came down. He, I, I guess he left Martha's Vineyard and had to remind the brothers, the brothers, about what you have to be doing. And the brothers just weren't here for it. So yes, it is true. Kamala has formally conceded the race about an hour ago. And I will say I thought that it was a well-written speech by whoever wrote that speech, because obviously it's some invisible speech writer. It was not written by Kamala, but she delivered it. Well, because what Kamala is good at is just reading a teleprompter. It's the one thing that Joe Biden was actually very bad at. They should have just, you know, swapped a little bit there.


Kamala is good at reading the prompter and not having to think. And she failed when she had the thing, when people were asking her questions, she, she doesn't have her own thoughts. She doesn't, she can do nothing but deliver somebody else's thoughts. And So I thought relative to everything she's done this election cycle with trying to speak and present her own thoughts, this was actually a pretty good concession speech. I am going to show you this part of it. Take a listen And I'll close with this. There's an adage and historian once called a Law of history. True of every society across the ages. The adage is, only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.


I know many people feel like we are entering a dark time, but for the benefit of us all, I hope that is not the case. But here's the thing, America, if it is, let us fill the sky with the light of a brilliant, brilliant billion of stars. The light, the light of optimism, of faith, of truth and service, ain't you and made that work guide us even in the face of setbacks toward the extraordinary promise of the United States of America.


I thank you all. May God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America. I thank you all. Okay, gay, fake, fake and gay, but fine, acceptable. I'm happy for her to come out and do her thing. To say something to her supporters who are existing under some delusion that Kamala ran some great campaign and there's been this great unjust that's happened because she didn't win the election. I wanna be very clear here. Kamala ran a terrible campaign. In fact, Kamala didn't even run a campaign. The the true story here, the true story of this election and the story of her life is, it's been one long coronation for Kamala Harris.


Okay? She slept with the right person, Willie Brown, and then she got on the right boards and got the right jobs when she was in San Francisco. Again, that's not coming from me. It's not me being petty. You can go back and you can read their articles. That is just the reality of what San Francisco was writing about. To all the journalists were basically saying, who is this woman? Why is she being allowed to be a part of any political process when all she's done is slept with a powerful man? Okay? And then what happened here is her party staged a coup. That's what happened this year. Her party staged a coup against an ailing elderly man credit Hillary Clinton, by the way, I don't even know how she kept it within herself to pretend to support Kamala, because Hillary Clinton, for better or worse, she actually did run.


She, she ran a campaign and she lost. And yes, she was arrogant and she never foresaw the possibility that she could lose. Hence this amazing tweet that we must always unearth that Hillary Clinton tweeted to herself before the election back in 2016, at 8:03 AM on October 26th, Hillary Clinton tweeted Happy birthday to this future president. So much happening here. Who even tweets a happy birthday to themselves. Beyond that, just being like, I'm gonna be the president. Like, yes, she was arrogant, but as I said, she actually ran and she actually lost. And she was able to hold a conversation. She understood the policies. She had been obviously the first lady under Bill Clinton and she had something to say.


So you could see people rallied around, maybe this is gonna be the candidate. Kamala didn't do any of that. She was coordinated. And then she barely ran for just 107 days. Like she actually says that in her concession speech, 107 days we did this, just 107 days, three months. That's it. It's utterly unheard of. And she looked tired, she looked annoyed as she was even being required to do anything for that long. She was lazy. She was even too lazy to just be herself. I mean, she plagiarized Barry sat Toro's playbook. It was the exact same game. She was like, oh, Obama did it. I'll just do it. I'm gonna publish this fake book. Let me post up with my fake grandma. Here's me and my grandma Barrell. And then things began to unravel.


Honestly, if I'm being completely honest here, the only thing, the singular thing that was indeed unfair to Kamala Harris was that she came after Joe Biden's election in 2020. Because let me show you this chart. It's an amazing chart, right? So that's 2012 election. What you're seeing right here, that's being represented on the Y axis is just votes in the millions in 2012 in Blue and Democrats, 65 million votes in 2016. 65 million votes just now for Kamala Harris. 65 million votes 2024. Look at 2020. Just a 80 million votes. It's never happened before. It's never happened before. But somehow the Democrats just increased their margins by 15 million votes.


Not for Barack Obama. Not for Barack Obama. For Joe Biden. So we know what happened was they, they cheated in 2020. And I feel badly, it's unfair for her that the story is gonna be that she somehow lost a ton of votes, votes when in reality what happened in 2020 is that Joe Biden found a ton of votes in the form of mail-in ballots. And that's why we just were not accepting those election results. In my opinion, Trump actually won three times. So yeah, we did it. I'm proud of us. Today is our Super Bowl parade. We're allowed to laugh at the things that people are doing online. In fact, I would like to take this noble moment to show you this young woman on TikTok because I think she speaks for really all liberals and celebrities today.


Take a listen. I'm sorry. No, no, no, no. Why? Why, why, why hate me that bad? Just She just needs a doctor. I don't know what to say. That is just amazing. It's happening all over the internet. They are deeply upset that we did it. And in terms of a listeners on this show, what, what we accomplished here, no doubt, is that we made Kamala Indian again, which is why we are selling the hats on club Candace dot com made Kamala Indian again. We could not have done it without you guys.


All right. Lemme tell you about Good Ranchers really quickly. Every year during Thanksgiving there was a classic debate of is Turkey or ham better? If you picked either, you'd be wrong because the third and correct option is a free ham from Good Ranchers is the answer during their Thanksgiving special. You can choose any box of their 100% American meat and wild caught seafood and get a free 10 pound spiral cut ham added to it for free. By shopping at Good Ranchers, you're directly supporting local farms and ranchers in the United States. Good Ranchers delivers high quality 100% American meat rate to your door so you can celebrate What matters most is Thanksgiving time with the people that you love to claim your free Thanksgiving ham before they're gone. Go to Good Ranchers dot com, subscribe to any other boxes of 100% American beef, chicken, pork, or wild caught seafood. And use my code Candace at checkout. Be sure to order by November 19th for guaranteed delivery by Thanksgiving. If you're thankful for the farmers and the ranchers of this country, go to Good Ranchers dot com. Remember to use Code Canice to claim your free Thanksgiving ham Good Ranchers dot com American Meat delivered.


Alright, Right guys, about last night. So I obviously I joined the boys over at the PBD podcast, I knew it was gonna be a great night. I knew that Patrick bet David was just going to to, I just knew he was gonna have the biggest YouTube show. And he did. It was, it was truly amazing. They absolutely crushed it. And here's what I will say the best part of my evening, and I just will never forget this was me being just the stars aligned and I was given the opportunity to break it, to break it to chink from the young Turks that Trump had won Pennsylvania, because that's what you were waiting for all night. I was like, if, if he wins Pennsylvania, it's over, it's over. And I was not gonna sleep. I was not going to make the mistake of what I did in 20, in 2020 and fall asleep and wake up and find the election results dramatically transformed.


And Cheng, in case you're not aware of him, you're not aware of the Young Turks. Like my story with the Young Turks is just very weird. From the time I appeared on the scene before I was even really well known, they just made consistent video after video after video of me basically saying that I'm not black because I don't vote Democrat. I mean crazy stuff. And he's generally speaking a very angry man and intent on selling to people that Trump is Hitler. I've, you know, debated him on Pi Morgan, Trump is Hitler, he's awful. He's backwards. And the people that support him are this and that. And so to have this opportunity, because PBD has a very far reaching audience and tons of friends and Chen, he counts amongst his friends left and right. It's a beautiful thing. Chenk ca dialed in and did not know whether or not Trump was going to win. And I got to deliver the news to him. So let's just run that back. I will run this clip back for the rest of my life.


Take a listen to me telling Chenk that basically this election is over. Is that Itchen Chank? Just wanna say this. BRBR beach tank. 'cause they just called Pennsylvania for Donald J. Trump. There's one other end. You know what the other end is? Tom just told me they also called Alaska. Alaska, alright, Tom is saying that's gonna be done with, so at this point, That's it, man. Officially over. That's it. Donald Trump's president. That's a wrap. It's over Wrap. It's over. Wow. It's, It was amazing. And If you go back and you watch it, he had tears in his eyes.


I really just don't think he expected this whatsoever. And as I said, we had 280,000 people watching PBD show. I'm gonna show you actually just the rankings, 'cause this is amazing to see this too. Last night really was the final FU to the mainstream media just a nail in the coffin. We hate you right back. I mean, and, and just the order of people. If you guys had that chart of who was on YouTube and who was polling, If you guys don't have it, it's fine. But it was like Pbds podcast and then be behind it was the Associated Press. And behind that was a b, c news. And we're asking this question of why. And the answer is it's because nobody believes or trusts the mainstream media anymore. So this really was a referendum last night to see the mainstream media in a crisis trying to understand how this could happen.


And it was building towards that. The momentum was building towards that with Jeff Bezos doing something that was actually, I think t he exemplified tremendous humility to step down from his empire and say, what are we doing at the Washington Post? Why are we endorsing candidates like it matters? And why do it? Does it seem like we're now just writing articles to ourselves like we're just elitist? And the message was firmly sent to the rest of the mainstream media who didn't believe him like we won the Senate. It, it, the house is looking good as well. We might just sweep everything. And it it, If you look at the exit polls, it is telling us a unique story about where America sits. And I'm gonna show you some of these, this exit poll graph. You know, you see white men, 59% of them voted for Donald Trump, white women, which people were trashing white women and making it seem like white women were predominantly liberal.


That proved to be wrong last night as well. 52% voted for Donald Trump. I mean, to look at the true story last night, black men, especially in Georgia, 20% now 20%. Now, I don't think you understand how much of a gain this is. This is the, the Democrat party is, is done. I mean, if black women match that energy, it, it's, it, they're forever done. And we've always had trouble with black women. I don't know why they seem more attached to the narrative that, that the Democratic party is going to say them. But black men really said no to Barack Obama. Like Barry rolling off his sleeves at inauthentic sleeve cuff role and lecturing them about what it means to be a black man, which is something that he's never lived his life as, as he was raised by white people in Hawaii and went to unbelievably expensive schools and dated white women.


It's very strange that he, he thinks that he can do this and not get called out in this day and age Latino men look at that, look at Latino men, 54% for Trump. And so this is not really telling a story about this racist Hitler man. You have Latino women at 37%. Unbelievable to see that. And honestly, I'm surprised it's not more than 37%. I I have not come across Latino women that supports Kamala. So that, that really shocks me. And then you have all others. So you wonder, you, you look at that and you say, are they gonna be humble? Are they gonna humble themselves? Are they going to come down from their high horses and look us in the face and say, look, we got this thing wrong.


Well, apparently my husband says Brian Stelter of Santa has done that. I actually haven't read the article, but apparently he's written a piece to the same effect of Jeff, Jeff Bezos piece. But the majority of people in mainstream media are not doing that. They're just gonna keep on going and keep on accusing and keep on name calling all Americans. Take a listen to this compilation of the corporate media just shedding tears. I can't help but wonder if the American people have given up on democracy. We cannot ignore. There is still a lot of racism and gender bias in this country. I wish I had better news for my daughter later this morning.


I I know Tim Miller and I were talking about this earlier when she And so many others wake up to this news. I, I wish I could have called her and told her that the first woman president had just been elected. I wish that I won't be able to do that. There is a sort of Russian embrace of disinformation, a radical devaluing, devaluing of truth over the last nine to 10 years. And a complete ignorance on civics. That message obviously was not enough to get enough white women to vote for Vice President Harris, a fellow woman. This will be the second opportunity that white women in this country have to change the way that they interact with the patriarchy.


And You're talking about the propaganda campaign and the playbook of Trump. This is not new, this is not surprising. This is directly out of Hitler's playbook. This is out of an an autocrat playbook. It's not the elite that's gonna pay the price. It's people who woke up this morning with a dream and are going to bed with, with, with a nightmare. And those people didn't deserve to be respected and held and talked to. Those are the people who are gonna pay the price for whatever Donald Trump decides to do. I just don't know how they can stand themselves. They're, they're quite literally unbearable. Like they're every single person. They are insulting white women. It's your fault for just being white and not doing what we told you to do.


Like it's not, we're not gonna suffer. We're the elitist you are gonna suffer for not listening to us who are among the elite. Because If you have listened to us, who wouldn't be in this predicament? I just dunno how they can stand themselves when they say the same thing over and over again. He sandler. It's about racism, it's about sexism, it's about misogyny. This country's just not ready to elect a woman. No, we're just not ready to elect a weak woman. By the way, something that stood out to me is just that the only times we've ever seen throughout the election process, people that are unwilling to give a concession concession speech. It has been women, it has been democratic women. Hillary Clinton first just saying to her supporters, having sending somebody out, I think it might've been Podesta, and saying she's just, she's not coming out tonight after they're all crying on the floor. That was exceptional.


It'll never be better than the night that Hillary Clinton lost. 'cause they were just so convinced they were all gonna win and then they were crying and holding their stuffed animals. And the same thing with Kamala. Like the women don't even have the strength to come out and do the proper thing to look at your supporters and to say thank you. And here is a vision. I can tell you maybe it's 'cause they, they can't go off the cuff. Hillary Clinton hadn't prepared a concession speech. Maybe Kamala Harris we know certainly can't talk, can't speak off script. Maybe she similarly hadn't prepared a speech and wanted somebody to write it for her. But there's something that's fundamentally weak about that. Like we have only seen women in my view that have displayed attributes of weakness. Not like they're leaders, just kind of like they're arrogant and they expect somebody to just come and place a tiara on their head.


And so naturally we know that what comes with this over and over again, and speaking of Brian Selter, when they realize that people are getting around their narrative, like why are people watching Candace Owens? Why are people watching Joe Rogan Independent Media? Why are people doing that? They inevitably start making calls for censorship. And the the number one show that I wanted to watch last night was the View I did. I'm not gonna lie, I have no idea. I had no idea what network they were on. I didn't know where to watch it. But I tweeted that I just, I can't wait to watch The View. And I was not the only one. They were trending last night because conservatives were desperate to watch them have a meltdown. And they delivered on calls for censorship. Take a listen to what the ladies had to say. Today In Finland, kids in nursery school are learning to discern between fake news and real news.


Yeah, they should be teaching that in this country. Yeah. Teach children tolerance. Teach them to think critically. Well, it would help if we could regulate social media. 'cause one of the biggest defenders is DC and Congress have not been able to do one thing in regard to the Rogue corporations. Social Not gonna get any better with, with Elon Musk in the, in the administration. I wanna, I wanna, And So these are the fascists. They're looking for fascists in everywhere. And they don't see that they are the, they're basically saying what we need to do is regulate. So nobody can ever hear any perspective other than ours. That's what they're saying. No one should be able to get to any other opinions except for ours. It is the job of the government. Oh, these women, they love democracy.


No, they love bureaucracy. Okay? It's the job of the government to make it so that it's impossible for us to lose. Because the only opinion that people will ever hear is ours. And people are out there clapping like seals. It's fascinating. They just cannot see themselves at all. They cannot see that they are not the party of liberty and the party of freedom. They're the party of oppression. They are the party of high gas. They are the party that has completely crushed our economy. They're the, the party of open borders. And people said no to it. And so what they're gonna do is they're gonna try to be more aggressive, which is why Trump needs to use his time in office to recognize that everything that ha that he has to do must be to make it so that we are guarding our freedoms into the future.


He cannot waste a single minute. I mean, day one, I wanna see Edward Snowden pardoned. I wanna see Julian Assange pardoned. I want Alex Jones to be the press secretary. Like we deserve that. I feel like that's the right thing. Like they took down Infowars. How much, how great would it be if Alex Jones every day just comes out and he just, he wouldn't even have a binder. He would just be out there being Alex Jones telling CNN to crawl under a rock. Like that's what we deserve right now. We need that. Okay. We just need a referendum on the elites and the deep states. And by the way, what is amazing is that their entire bits, again, they didn't really have a strategy other than to just keep calling Trump, Hitler and to talk about how women are not gonna be able to abort their children to kill their offspring.


But their entire bit also hint upon trying to convince the world that among every other name, Trump was a criminal. He's Hitler, he's a threat to democracy. He, it's a person that needs to be behind bars. And it was then that quite literally utilized the Department of Justice. Again, a tremendous abuse of power. 'cause they love bureaucracy. It allows them to go after the people by using the government. They don't need a majority in that way. They just need a majority in the, the, the Department of Justice. That's the way that they view things. Now they just need a majority in Congress to get the things that they want done. They don't need to worry about the will of the people. And we rejected that. We rejected the narrative that Trump was a threat. And now it seems like they've just instantly given up because it's been announced today, or at least over the last couple of hours, they're dropping all of those fake cases that are remaining against him because they realize, okay, this isn't actually working And so we're just gonna let go of these two federal cases, take a listen to M-S-N-B-C speaking about that because they seem a little bit upset about it.


Yeah, Chris, it's not a surprise that these cases can't go forward when Donald Trump takes office. What's interesting here is that the DOJ is moving to end them even before he takes office, citing the longstanding DOJ policy that sitting presidents can't be prosecuted. And there was some thought that maybe special counsel Jack Smith was going to sprint through the finish line, was going to work up until the last day, force Trump to fire him, wait till a new Attorney General was appointed. But that does not appear to be the thinking inside the department. The thinking is that these cases can't go forward. There's no reasonable prospect of getting to trial within the three months before Donald Trump takes office. These cases are mired in legal issues that would be appealed all the way to the Supreme Court.


And Donald Trump lost the election. So now that he's won the election, DOJ officials are thinking that, look, there's just no room to move in these cases. And so the the sensible thing to do is to figure out a way to wind them down. And it may, it may stem from Donald Trump's lawyers filing some kind of motion or making a request saying, in light of the DOJ policy, you need to drop these cases. Now there are a few wrinkles here, one of which is that the classified documents case includes two other defendants who are not subject to that policy. And it's been dismissed obviously, but that dismissal has been appealed and, and the DOJ considers that ruling to be very bad law that it would like to be overturned so that that appeal may continue in some form.


But the reality is that Donald Trump is not gonna be a part of these cases. And what this means, I mean we knew this, right, but just coming to grips with what this means intellectually, is that Donald Trump is not likely to be held accountable on these very serious federal criminal charges that many people believe were worse than what Richard Nixon did or was accused of doing in Watergate. Now, there's no guarantee that Donald Trump would've been convicted at trial, but as Joyce Vance, our legal commentator said to me this morning, what's not gonna happen is he's not gonna face a jury of his peers who would evaluate the evidence and render a verdict. Yeah, see, this is why I'm not feeling like Trump should be magnanimous. And I think that was almost the problem is like he got into office last time and he was sort of like, I'm just gonna let it all go.


Like first when he was running, he was like, lock her up. And then he was like, I'm gonna let it all go. And then what they did when they got power is they let nothing go. And they went after him for four years. And I just don't want Trump to forget that. I really do want him to recognize what has happened and to realize that that threat is not gonna go away for the American people. He has to go after these corrupt people. They, he just absolutely must go after them with the same exact energy that they came after him with. We're happy Trump survived all of this. I mean, he's a legend. There's no other way to put it. He survived the smears, the libels, the Me too cases from the nineties, the eighties, the two assassination attempts. So yeah, he deserved the speech and he, he deserved to win this. And we deserved to celebrate his win. And here he was just a little snippet of his acceptance speech last night, Just as I did in my first term, we had a great first term, a great, great first term.


I will govern by a simple motto. Promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promises. Nothing will stop me from keeping my word to you. The people. We will make America safe, strong, prosperous, powerful, and free again. And I'm asking every citizen all across our land to join me in this noble and righteous endeavor. That's what it is. It's time to put the divisions of the past four years behind us. It's time to unite. And we're gonna try, we're gonna try. We have to try and it's gonna happen. Success will bring us together. I've seen that. I've seen that.


I saw that in the first term when we became more and more successful people started coming together. Success is going to bring us together. And we are going to start by all putting America first. We have to put our country first for at least a period of time. We have to fix it because together we can truly make America great again for all Americans. So I want to just tell you what a great honor this is. I want to thank you. I will not let you down. America's future will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than it has ever been before. God bless you and God bless America.


Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Look, Donald Trump is your president's cry harder liberals, and you did a lot of crying. We're gonna get into that. We're gonna just take a trip down memory lane plus look at some celebrity tweets since he's been elected.


But first I wanna tell you guys about Beam because for weeks we have been caught in the election, chaos, the tension, the endless debate, the commercials, the news cycles that seem to get louder and more frantic every day. Thanks to my friends over at Beam. Sleep is no longer just a way to escape. It's a gift. In this fast-paced world, we often overlook the power of a good night's sleep. Sleep is our foundation. It fuels our energy, sharpens our minds, and keeps us right to tackle the challenges of the day. That's where Beam Dream comes in. This isn't just another supplement, it's a game changer formulated with natural ingredients. It will help you drift into a peaceful sleep. So you wake up, refresh and ready to cease the day without the grogginess of all the other sleep medications. Right now, beam is offering my listeners exclusively early access to their Black Friday sale. This is their biggest sale of the year. And my listeners can shop it early before anyone else. You'll get up to 50% off when you visit shop beam.com/ Candace. And you can use Code Candace at checkout. You've been hearing me rave about Dream. This is your chance to try it for the lowest price of the year. So go ahead and shop beam.com/canice, enter code canice and unlock your early access. That's shop beam.com/canice and use code Candace for up to 50% off.


All right, so do you know what my favorite part of everything is? It's the referendum on celebrities. It's done, it's over. It is done. Hollywood is done. America now recognizes that all that glitter ain't gold. Hollywood just straight up lost their appeal. And I, I, I think they're shocked. I think they're genuinely coming to terms with it. Like they have just been so a-list so loved, so adored that they, they never saw this. They can't even comprehend it. They cannot come to grips with this new reality. Generally speaking, I think the American people, people all over the world now recognize that these people are either unhinged, unhappy or uneducated. That's it. Unhinged. Unhappy or uneducated.


And they went all in on celebs for Kamala because again, she didn't run a campaign, right? She, she wasn't qualified. They said, you know what, just get the celebrities to come out and people will listen to them because they believe, and when I say they, I'm talking about the deep state that the majority of Americans are uneducated. So they're just like, it doesn't really matter. We've trained them to worship these stars and they'll do what they say. I'm talking, everybody came out Leonard DiCaprio. He's always so strange. Like he's speaking about climate change. This man is always on a yacht with 23 year olds. You had, of course, notoriously, and I loved this for her so much Taylor Swift, because I just find her to be so arrogant And so pompous.


And she had the sweeping cat endorsement. Love a childless cat lady. Yeah. America said no to childless cat ladies Taylor Swift. We did. And I get that you were on a high like you always are because you're in that new relationship high and you're kind of always in a new relationship. And you were coming off of your tour and people do love you as an artist and the music that you make. So you were just thinking, how could I lose, like everyone's rooting for me and Travis Kelsey to get married. So all I have to do is tell 'em how to vote and they'll accept it. And they didn't accept it. They said no to you. Taylor Swift, please come down from your high horse. No one actually cares what you think politically because you don't live a real reality. Okay? You're jetting back and forth. It's like no one can even relate to these things. What they want from you is for you to break up with Travis Kelsey and drop a next album so we can bop to the tunes.


That's what we want from you Taylor Swift. Just listen to me. Okay? That's it. Not your cat and telling us to vote for Kamala Harris because you're scared about something and, and you wanna be a childless cat lady. I don't even know what the vibe was, but we said no. And of course we had Megan the stallion, shaking her booty for Kamala. 'cause this is for the black people. Now, you know, you know what you gotta do? Shake your butts for Kamala. Let's, let's watch that. What's up honey? This your girl Megan thee stallion. A k the hot girl coach reporting love with the future president of the United States. Everybody. What do you have to say to the American people? We are not going back. That is just so embarrassing than you had. Of course, J-Lo who brought the tears? Give it to us. J-Lo I promised myself I wouldn't get emotional.


You know what? But you are what? You know what, what? We should be emotional. Should we? We should be upset. We should be scared and outraged. We should. Our pain matters. We matter. You matter. Your voice and your vote matters. And, and look, don't be afraid to make people around you uncomfortable. Invite people around you to be the change, to go out there and vote. Nobody likes having tough conversations or talking about politics. But trust me, I've been in some of these rooms. I see the way power works in this country. They love it when you do nothing. Okay? A non vote is an agreement.


It just makes it easier, easier for them to do whatever they want, whatever serves them. And this election is about your life. It's about you and me and my kids and your kids. Don't make it easy. Make them pay attention to you. That's your power. That's your power. Your vote is your power. I mean, she acts like she sings. She's always just been a d You know what I mean? It, that's just like poor acting. It's like the, you know, like the JLo rom com conflict that rom-com flick.


That's just like in the background that you're watching. You're happy to watch it, you know? But it's not particularly good. It's not gonna win any awards. Like, that's that, right? I promise I wasn't gonna get emotional, but we should get emotional. We should Care about Our future. And I feel like that's always her expressions in every movie and the way she sounds in every movie when she's trying to deliver things. And it just, it just feels fake. And she did it because she had to do it because, You know, Diddy and her got into a little bit of trouble, at least according to Kanye. And then of course, who could forget our fa I, I personally, my favorite was Cardi. Just like realizing she had no thoughts and needed the teleprompter. Well just watch the beginning of this. Take a listen. What's up Milwaukee?


How you guys doing? I'm nervous. I'm excited. What's up, y'all Just buying yourself time here. Ah, One second guys. One second. What's up? What's up? I mean, that's just like, it's bad. That's like we come out of this. Like that is just bad. It's so bad. It's so obvious. I'm glad she did it. And she has been the most vocal about Kamala since she spoke out then, by the way. She looks lovely. I love, I wish Cardi B would dress like that more.


I think she looks very lovely and very classy. But anyways, every, everything she said was something that was clearly being written for her, which is why she couldn't riff her. She couldn't say anything from the heart. And it got sluttier after that. She'll really only way to say it. It got sluttier after that in the form of, of Sexy Red who came and told us in a tweet that she was voting for Kamala for president because she doesn't want people to tell us what to do with her coochie. And I feel like that was the most honest endorsement that Kamala ever got. Like, that was like, by the way, if everyone who I think woke up and might have a little bit of egg on their face, sexy red is not one of them. Zero shame. She said what she met and like, I just feel like she has zero shame in her life.


And we had Eminem endorsing Ka out. I mean, they went full boar. Eminem Usher came out. Let's watch Usher who came out in support of Kamala. We all know what it means to be supportive, but ladies and gentlemen, we are here to support the next president of the United States. Kamala, Kamala Harris, ladies and gentlemen. And I just wonder for people that are Democrats, maybe you're watching the show, maybe you're like, you know what, let me hear a different perspective today. You're probably not, you're probably licking your wounds, but If you are actually watching the show and you are a Democrat, how does that not insult you?


Like that level of a list celebrity, how does that not seem to you Like it? Like they're hiring actors and entertainers and that they just are thinking if we can entertain you, you won't think about the policies. Like at a certain level that much has to be insulting to you. I hope it's insulting to you because I would be insulted by that. I want to hear somebody's ideas. I don't need to hear them bring out every Alister in the entire world from Beyonce. But even bring up Beyonce who also came out and gave three minutes. And it felt like all of them were doing this because they were completely forced. I just, I want Democrats to be better than this. I I genuinely, there's a part of me that feels compassionate toward the other side because I'm going, how can you be convinced by that? How do J-Lo fake tears that we see in every single one of her romcoms make you think that she's being honest and actually move you to action?


You have to be more intellectual than that. You need to be more emotionally sober than that. Forget intellect. You need to be more emotionally sober. Not having your emotions so easily swayed because you like someone's music. Who cares? Who cares? Why is Usher authorized to tell you anything? Eminem? This is literally a guy that wrote album after album about how he wanted to kill his baby mama. Like, like what authorized him? Like, you know, cleaning up the closet with his mom. What authorized him to tell you how to vote? What is it about Eminem's life that you went, well, yeah, I'm gonna vote for Kamala because Eminem says so like, what is impressive about these people outside of the music or the art that they produce that you believe gives them the authority to you how to vote?


Like what makes you think that Cardi b an expert on the economy? What makes you think that LeBron James is suddenly able to speak to you guys about policy? What, what does he give off? I'm, I'm just genuinely curious. I wanna get to know you guys better. Okay? And it's been very interesting when I go back to saying how we now realize they're all unhinged or uneducated or popping pills to see that they all do the same thing after they lose. It's like they draft in their kids for propaganda. It's very embarrassing. It's like they're suddenly like, I'm gonna, they all say like, oh, my kid's crying. My child is crying, my daughter's crying. They always use the daughter too. They feel like they say their son's crying. It won't be, they can't sell it.


They're like, my daughter doesn't even know what's gonna happen with the future. We saw this when, when Hillary Clinton lost Christina Applegate, I want you to take a look. So she's an actress and I want you to take a look at what she tweets she was having a full blown meltdown. But this tweet really stood out to me because it's so monstrous. She wrote, why? Give me your reasons why my child is sobbing, because her rights as a woman may be taken away. Why? And If you disagree, please and follow me. So I wanna be clear, the reason she says my child is, 'cause it's literally a child. She's not a woman. She has a daughter that is 13 years old, which means it is plausible that her daughter has not even gone through puberty. And yet your daughter is sobbing over the prospect that if she does go to puberty and she does become sexually active and she does somehow get pregnant, that she may not have the opportunity to decide whether or not she wants to rip her offspring a limb for limb.


Like, are you, that is like a mo like, and I literally chewed back her. I said, Christina, if your daughter is sobbing over the age of 13, when I was 13, I was coordinating dances with my friends. You know, like I, I was going to a park playing basketball. All right, can you guys hear me? I think that our audio just went out. I'm not sure why that happened. Maybe. Oh wow. Just see that we have 95,000 people watching. But going back to Christina Applegate, like when I see that situation and I see her writing that, and I'm thinking of my life and me at 13 and braces and getting together with my friends and, and trying to change the color. My braces trying to match my friends, right? And you're telling me your daughter is concerned about the prospect. Your 13-year-old, your precious little 13-year-old is, is more concerned in sobbing her eyes out, considering the prospect that if she goes, when she finishes puberty and if she becomes sexually active and if she accidentally gets pregnant, that she won't be able to rip her child limb from limb.


Like that's what Christina Applegate's tweet says. And it's disgusting. And I told her, if that truly is what your daughter is sobbing about, your 13-year-old daughter is sobbing about abortion, you have failed as a parent. You are not, well you are completely unhinged. 'cause that means that you sat down and you told your daughter about this, you communicated this to your daughter, and you told her that this was the most essential thing for her to care about as a 13-year-old girl as opposed to her enjoying her youth. You told her you need to worry about whether or not you can reach into your own womb and kill your child. Christina Agant, you disgusted me. Truly like you. You truly disgusted me. I'm disgusted by the tweet. We're seeing these meltdowns happen over and over again. Similarly, by the way LeBron dropped in his daughter, they always do this.


It's like, I'm just gonna say like, I'm worried about my child. Like he, he posted a photo. I know If you guys have a tweet, yeah, here's a photo he posted on Instagram. Heavy on my heart and mind. This, am my princess promised to protect you with everything I have and more. We don't need their help. I'd love to know who there is. Who knows what they're talking about. Republicans, is he spiking about white people? Generally? He seems to kind of hate white people. I I generally don't understand why any white people in this country support this man after BLM season. The stuff that he has said. But who's he talking about? Doesn't matter. What what are you concerned about for your daughter? What do you worth? Like a cool 100 million. I think he quite literally lives in a $125 million house in Beverly Hills and he's just, he's, what is he worried about?


Well, your, your kids are good. Your kids are so good that your son Bronny doesn't even deserve to be on the Lakers, but he's on the Lakers because you use a little bit of baptism to get him there. Like, your kids are so good, they don't even have to meet the talent level of the NBA to get into the NBA. Like, it's unbelievable. It's just unbelievable. But he wants to think that like his daughter is somehow at risk because Trump is president. Yeah, she's at risk of going into a girl's bathroom and just seeing young women and not seeing men that are confused because society wants to confuse them. She's actually probably being rented a lot safer because of a Trump presidency, but I, I can't imagine her getting safer than a Bel Air mansion. But if she needs a little more safety, she can trust that Donald Trump will provide it by securing the border.


So you're, you'll be totally okay. And then Chank, who was so certain that Trump was a dictator and Hitler still believes these things back at the Young Turks, he is now having a meltdown screaming at his own party. So you can take a listen to Chank losing his mind. These democratic leaders are simpletons, they're servants of the donor class. So they go in there, they're, oh, donor, gimme Marty please. And I hear, I made an ad. I'm Kamala Harris, I'm full of joy. Ah, okay, well when did that get you? And they say, oh Jake, you're too angry. Too angry. What the, you think, does Donald Trump look like he's kind? Does he look like he's in a good mood? I mean, no.


People want some sort of reaction from their politicians. They want them to, to represent them, to fight for them. But that has never occurred to a Democrat outside of Bernie Sanders. And probably we never will. So we had, look, there's no, I'm not, I have no interest in listening to a single Democratic politician ever again. They can go kiss my ass. They can do whatever they want and we never listen to 'em anyway. And they hate us because we're right and they're wrong. They're always wrong. And they hate us for being right. I wish check. Well, You know, I asked him last night when, when we were on that panel, I said, after seeing this, after seeing this response, seeing Trump win so handily seeing us take the Senate, do you think that you were wrong about anything?


And he thought about it for a split second and said, no, he's right about everything. And I just think he's Ady in the wool Democrat in that way. That they just look at the way things happen and they go, what we actually just need is more oppression. We need more pressure. We need to oppress opinions. We need to start speaking about how we are going to get Spotify under control. We can't have these independent voices that are becoming successful. How we're gonna get YouTube under control. How we're gonna demonetize how we're gonna put together policies, how we're gonna use, whether it's the EU over in Europe, how, how we are going to just su suppress speech. And I don't think that's going to be a plausibility for them under this presidency.


All Right guys, I'm gonna tell you about American Financing because 'cause the economy has been a major burden on the average American wages are flag expenses are up and it is very hard to manage to, to pay all the bills without using credit cards. So if you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation phone call, say to my friends in American Financing because interest rates are finally coming down and they're now in low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. It's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


By the way, I should tell you guys this regarding Celebrity Tears. Obviously we instantly produced a mug because we deserve it. We absolutely deserve it. We are, we are selling celebrity tear mugs. We've got, we have got Donald Trump on there. It says 47 thumbs up. And there we have J-Lo crying, we have LeBron crying, we have Cardi B crying. And I hope that they're all going to be okay because they are unbelievably wealthy. This country has been amazing to them. They are just completely out of touch, elitist, especially LeBron. I just love this. And If you buy this mug like it, it will keep your beverages cold. It'll keep your beverages hot. And it is just something that reminds us of the fact that we just said no to Hollywood. I just, I am so happy that America is saying no to Hollywood. I just wanna be a fly on the wall and hear Taylor Swift grappling with this.


How could I have sold out tours everywhere and people are not listening to me? 'cause they just want you to sing about your breakups, Tay, that's all we want from you. Taytay seeing about your very many breakups until you really are a childless cat lady. You know? And that's something that you seem to be embracing and that's absolutely fine. No hate your way. But you know, for America it's about our families. It's about wanting to keep the gas prices low, wanting 'em to return to being a dollar 30, which they were under Trump wanting us to be able to afford groceries. I mean, people are literally paycheck to paycheck. I just, it's incredible how out of touch they are. They don't realize what taxes are doing to them. They don't realize how hard it is, by the way, for people to even break into the markets. I'm talking about entrepreneurialism.


All of the regulations, the environment is not friendly for small business owners. That's why I just saw that it was being floated that Thomas Massey maybe, maybe tapped into the cabinet for the agricultural position. And that would be amazing. Absolutely amazing. It's even the farmers, the ranchers, everybody in America is suffering. You guys can't see it because you live in Los Angeles. You live in Beverly Hills because you live in mansions and you, you are just, I, I genuinely want you to get in touch. 'cause If you were in touch, you would shut up. If you were in touch, you would go, my gosh, I don't deserve any of this. All I do is read lines and say basic things. Who am I to lecture these people who work with their hands every day?


You know, who am I to lecture of these people who work the hours that they work, the truck drivers so that I can enjoy the life that I have? They don't even know where their stuff comes from. No, genuinely, people like LeBron James and Christina Applegate, these people think that their food grows in a grocery store. They think their food grows in Whole Foods. They thank Jeff Bezos for their food. That's what they do. They at night, they pray and they thank Jeff Bezos for their food and, and the Amazon Lords for their food. But truly, I believe that, I think that they don't even understand. They don't comprehend how anything in the world works because they've never worked a single day with their hands. They don't. And so they just dismiss everybody as a racist.


Everybody's a racist. Everyone's a racist and sexist. It's 'cause she's a woman. Not because she's an idiot. You know, it's because she's a woman of color. Not because she didn't deserve it and she didn't work for it or, or because people are insulted by the idea that you keep thinking that you can throw celebrities in our face and we're gonna respond to it. We're tired of it. And so it's gonna be interesting. Now guys, it's gonna be really interesting because going into the next election, the game has changed. They now see this no longer work. So what do they do? What do they do? The celebrities don't work. The Taylor Swifts don't work. The Beyonces don't work. They're not listening to Usher. My goodness. We have a problem. Houston, we have a problem. They're not listening to Eminem. Yeah, so weird. Slim, shady. Yeah. They're not listening to him. LeBron, he puts up so many points every game.


Why isn't listening to him what is going to be the democratic strategy? That's my question. What is going to be the democratic strategy heading into 2028? And yes, we already do have to start thinking about 2028. And I am just hopeful that Trump does not let us down. You know, I hope that his campaign has not been infiltrated by neocons. It is a, a mild fear that I have, that the war class has infiltrated his campaign. I hope that he just gives them all, hell goes straight back to America first. Defends the borders, works for the people that we trust that are In fact, America first, people like Thomas Massey and just continues to be a royal pain in these people's asses because that's what he is. Donald Trump is a imagine you like, you're like, we tried to assassinate this man twice.


How was he still here? We've, it's an onslaught of Me Too cases. We took out Gloria Allred. How is this man still here? We, every case that he has been through, he has survived it. And So I, I'm just, I'm, I'm proud of him and I'm hopeful and I hope that he keeps that exact same energy for these next few, next couple of years, four years, and put us in a better place than we certainly are in right now. All Right guys, I'm gonna read some of your comments, see what you guys are thinking about everything that's happening right now. What do we have going on? Maggie writes, we must remember to keep sharing good values and truth and work even harder. Now, evil will never relent, so we can't let this victory reduce our commitment and vigilance. Thank you Candace, for your work. I completely agree with that Maggie. So well said. Alaska dog lady writes, I would take a tax hike to pay the salary of the press secretary Alex Jones, BTW.


I'm one of the hordes of lifelong Dems who left the left in the last four years. Proud garbage. Now Christ is king. I love hearing that. So many Dems left. My sisters left. I was so, they were so happy that Trump won. And when I first got into politics, they were like, what are you doing gonna, another one of your Klansman rallies? My sisters and me like, we just joke with each other all the time. We like make fun of each other. We are not one of those families that were like, we're never talking to politics again. But, you know, they saw what was happening and my sisters were like, we're not comfortable sending our kids to school because there's very clearly a rainbow agenda. Like, why are they speaking to our little kids about this? So there are so many people that are just like you that felt the exact same way. And so we are very happy to have you. And I wanna be very clear about Alex Jones. I will crawl over broken glass and give him everything I earn to if, if, if, if all he needs is someone to pay the salary, leave it to me, leave it to me.


I'll get, I'll get a second job to pay whatever salary he wants to be. The press secretary. If he's like, I'm gonna need half a million dollars a year, leave it to me. Like I said, I, I will pick up a job. I will, I will raise the money. It it'll be totally fine if we get Alex Jones. We are not worthy. We are not worthy. But Trump, please, it would be the greatest troll. And by the way, he is more than equipped for it. He has run a show for decades. All he does is talk and answer and respond to questions. He is totally equipped from it and they hate him. The deep state hates Alex Jones with a vengeance. Sarah writes, Kamala Harris is now working at a call center in India. If you were all wondering, I really thought in that last concession speech, I was like, is Kamala Harris gonna drop finally an Indian accent?


Because she's done 'em all? And I thought maybe now she's gonna drop an in accent. And she didn't do it. Actually. She went to her normal speaking voice that she's had for, you know, since she's had a public platform. She was just herself. So I am gonna miss the accents, I'm gonna miss the genealogical research. I had done so much over the weekend and I know I'm not gonna present because nobody cares about her genealogy anymore. Give me somebody's genealogy to look into. Guys. I'm not, I'm not good right now. I'm just, I need, I don't, I don't know who I am outside of Kamala Harris's family research. Pamela writes, I woke up this morning at 4:00 AM and instantly checked my phone. When I saw the results, I cried because my children might actually have a shot at the American Dream. I am unbelievably proud of my country. Yes, it was one of those moments where I'm gonna be honest with you guys, me and my husband were having conversations like, if she gets in again, what are we gonna do?


I think everyone had that conversation, like, what can we possibly do? So your conversations probably were apocalyptic. Like, can we all move in together in the middle of nowhere and live off of the land and survive? Or you're thinking can, what country would we leave to? And our mindset was all over the place. Like, do we move further into the country? Do we try to run while we still can? Like, that was my true understanding of who Comrade Kamala was. You know, I was understanding that she was a communist and if the world wasn't gonna see it and they were gonna put her in office over a couple of celebrity endorsements, then it was going to have to be like survival of the fittest sort of a situation. And so to have that immediately absolved when Trump won, I, I genuinely just feel lighter today.


I'm just so happy. Truly so happy. Gonna read more of your comments.


Just wanna remind you guys about Pure Talk is it is very important to think about what charities and causes and the brands that you give your money to support, which is why I love supporting my cell phone company at Pure Talk at a veteran led company Supporting veterans is their passion project. And that's why Pure Talk has alleviated $10 million in veteran debt. That's why they donate tens of thousands of dollars every month to help prevent veteran suicide. And that's why they just donated $50,000 to Mike Rowe works providing scholarships to veterans, learning the trades after active military duty. It's time to jump ship from Verizon at t and T-Mobile. There's a better option. Pure Talk gives you the same great coverage, America's most dependable 5G network for half the cost. And you'll be helping our vets. It's a win-win. So go to pure talk.com/owens today and switch to a company that invests in American Jobs to better serve you. Again, you can go to pure talk.com/owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. That's Pure Talk America's wireless company.


Alright, jumping back into this, Sarah says, guys, it is coming. Everything is fake and gay merch. I promise we are going to drop a fake and gay line because it is just the reality of the circumstances that we are in right now as a country. We all know what it means. Where it's like nineties gay, everything is fake and gay and it is coming. It's absolutely coming. I would expect it around this month because we're gonna do a lot of fun stuff for Black Friday, including Meek. If you guys are on the Neck app and you're sending me messages, we're gonna do some fun things there as well. Doge writes a great job on your expose on Kamala. Thank you. It's bittersweet. This ending is bittersweet. It really is. Kane writes, don't you realize that's why they busted Diddy? It was to get them to back her.


That's interesting. Could be, but I think Diddy truly got busted because of that lawsuit. I don't, I don't know that they could have held that off much longer. 'cause when I read that lawsuit, I was like, yeah, Diddy's definitely going to prison. But it is true that they likely used whatever Diddy had to get even more celebrities in check than had ever been before because I saw people speaking out that'd never even seen speak out before. It was totally weird and wacky. Mayor writes, I've been watching you from Canada every day for a year now. Thank you for being yourself and all the hard work that you do. I love you and God bless you. Lay you back like Kamala says. I'm gonna miss that too. I'm gonna miss her Latino accent. I'm gonna miss bitty, bitty BombBomb. I'm gonna miss the black church pastor. I, I don't know, I don't know guys, if, if we have ruined our own entertainment for the next four years, I don't know.


I, Julia, I, I need time to think about it. Ex smokes rights. Candace, you should be Trump's press secretary. Look, I would be very good at that job, but come on Alex Jones. Like there could be no one better suited for that job that would make us happier. We would be watching press briefings every single day like it was Game of Thrones. Like we'd just be in seasons of Game of Thrones watching Alex Jones respond to the press. So that is my vote. You guys, thank you so much for being on this journey with us. It's has just been the most amazing thing. Again, like the Kamala Chronicles, 42 million downloads. It's crazy. This is a new podcast. We're a very small team. We're so grateful to you guys that are supporting us on locals buying the merch, buying everything. It allows us to do what we do. We promise to stay true and independent and we will hold Republicans speak to the fire like immediately going into this.


We are not going to be people that are just like everything Trump does is great. No, you are in there. We got you in there. Let's do a job. Let's make sure that you actually drain the swamp like you have promised us that you are going to do. We feel vindicated. We feel that he got justice. We feel that 2020 was stolen from him. And we feel great about the future. The future does look bright indeed, like PBD said last night. So we will see you guys tomorrow.