
All Right, guys, happy Wednesday. I. know that I cannot be the only woman in the world who felt the need to apologize to my husband. Following the debate last night, I mean, that's about how much whining went on. I could not stand. I, it literally became insufferable listening to the sound of Kamala's voice. It was just so much whining in nagging. Truly, I, I just felt bad for her husband and I felt bad for all husbands, and I felt like I had to apologize. No worries. I've got your recap today. We're gonna go through everything that I thought we, that was extremely relevant that happened, and I'm gonna deliver my final verdict on who was the winner and who was the loser. And I think my answer is going to surprise you. Plus, are you guys following this debacle with her earrings, Kamala's earrings?


Were they actually devices? Was somebody feeding her answers? This is a question that only a woman can investigate and get to the bottom of, and I'm happy to be that woman. Lastly, we have to address the elephant in the room, or better stated the cat in the room, Ms. Taylor Swift. She has just come out and it is really shocking that she has decided to endorse Kamala Harris. All that coming up on Candace. All right, so going into the debate, I guess we all sort of knew what was going to happen.


I don't even know why we watched these things. I, it's just exciting. I suppose you expect there's gonna be a little bit of theater, but it really kind of all is political theater and we know exactly what we're getting into. We knew that Kamala was going to hit hard on the topic of abortion. It feels so differently to me. I know that there are tons of women who follow me and not all of them are necessarily pro-life, but I have to believe that you feel a bit stirred when you hear someone that is close to tears speaking about abortion and, and talking about it as if it's, it's just a right. Like I just need to be able to abort my child. Like suddenly when I see that stuff. And it could definitively be because I have been leaning so much more into my faith, it just sounds so demonic.


Like we are speaking about children and I just feel like our, every instinct as women should be to defend children. And I think a large piece of this is that a lot of these women that are crying and demanding these sorts of things don't have children. So. it makes it a little bit easier. And I guess I have three young children and it's just unimaginable to me. And it's just such a difference from when I was in college and I agreed with those perspectives, But. anyways, we knew that that was what Kamala was going to do because that's what her base loves. They love the nonstop appeal to emotion. You saw this throughout the entire night. Kamala would just make everything a personal emotional story. I was standing here on January 6th, and let me tell you what I saw, and I was here when this happened to me, and we can mock it all we want as conservatives, but like I said, she knows her demographic and she's dealing with a demographic that is largely emotional and not very rational.


like I said, these are the only kinds of people that would flood the streets and, and be brought to tears by the concept of aborting a child. You're talking about either a young audience or if you're talking about a woman who's way older, like I said, it's usually there's a prototype for that. You're, you're, you're talking about the kinds of celebrities that gave up having a family, someone like Chelsea Handler because they wanted to pursue their career. But. anyways, I know that people are speaking a lot about the moderators. Conservatives are so angry about the moderators. I am not upset one bit about the moderators, not because they were fair, but because they were to be expected. This has been the game since 2015. He can't even get a fair interview.


I saw me, Kelly was, was going on a tear about that this morning and I just was like, and how old am I? Am I old enough to remember when Meg Kelly was sort of one of these unfair people that was giving Donald Trump an interview in 2015? Now granted, she's not a moderator and who knows if she would've perhaps been better in a debate, but if you've been on the Trump train for a while, this is just what we've come to expect. So Trump knows going in there that it's going to be a three on one debate. He knows that A, B, C is going to try to assist Kamala in any way that they can and was very clear that she got all the questions ahead of time and she had prepared her answers. And I was also very much expecting Kamala to be prepared in her answers. Like, we're not dealing with Biden anymore. That's by the way, why they had to get rid of Biden altogether.


They had to get rid of Biden because he was dead. He couldn't even do the thing where he could perform, right? He couldn't just be an actor. They just need a zelensky. They just need a Justin Trudeau. They just need a theater kit. Somebody who grew up in theater can memorize the lines and deliver them convincingly to an emotional audience, right? That's what's happening right now all across the world. We have a bunch of drama kids who have assumed office and their job is to put on the next play in front of an audience that is gonna be moved to tears watching them play Macbeth and and Hamlets and go, oh my God, this is so real. I feel like I'm actually experiencing this emotion. And she did that. By the way, kudos to Kamala.


She did that. She remembered her line. She delivered her lines with the exact inflection that they wanted her to. And like I said, she was assisted by David Muir and Lindsey Davis who were the moderators. And it turns out that they fact checked Donald Trump five times while he was speaking. Zero times for Kamala, five times for Donald Trump. Take a listen And you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, not the current governor's doing an excellent job, but the governor before he said, the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby. In other words, we'll execute the baby. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born In Springfield.


They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. I just wanna Clarify here. You bring up Springfield, Ohio, and, and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community. All this, Well, I've seen people on television, lemme Just say here, this is the, the People on television say, my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. I'm not taking this from television, I, but The people television, I'm taking it from the city manager. The dog was eaten by the people that went there.


Again, the Springfield city manager says, there's no evidence of that. Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond. Crime In this country is threw the roof and we have a new form of crime. It's called migrant crime. And it's happening at levels that nobody thought possible. President Trump, as you know, the FBI says, overall violent crime is actually coming down in this country. But Vice President Harris, I think the fbi, I defrauded, they were defrauding statements. They, they didn't include the worst cities. They didn't include the cities with the worst crime. It was a, a fraud. Just like their number of 818,000 jobs that they said they created turned out to be a fraud. You gotta love that man. If really Kamala could have just sat there and said nothing and the moderators would've handled it for her. David Muir, what a piece of work.


We spoke to the city manager and they say there's no evidence of that. That's always how you know that what they're telling you is absolute BS. When they say there's no evidence of that, what do you mean? There's no evidence of that? There's no evidence they ate the animal. Well, they ate it. So, I don't know how you would have the evidence. He says he had a cat, he had a dog and they ate it. And then they're just like, well, no, we don't. There's no evidence of that. It's in his, it's in his belly. I mean, what is it? Somebody has all reported this publicly, said that this took place and the city manager is taking the stance so they don't have evidence of it. This kind of so reminds me of the exact same language that they give us about Covid and well, there's no evidence, which means that we're not looking for the evidence. That's exactly what, there is no evidence.


It means we, the establishment, are not looking for the evidence because there is a certain narrative that we are trying to sell. And it would not be helpful right now for us to learn that there are migrants that are eating people's pets. That's just not something that people want to accept at this moment, least of all ahead of an election where we know exactly which party is the party of open borders. And then of course, like I said, they didn't fact check Kamala at all. And she told so many lies that had been debunked over and over again. Even by the left. Like when she got, when she arrived at the Charlottesville hoax, I don't know how long they can just keep doing this. The very fine people. Trump said the neo-Nazis were very fine people. It's been debunked left and right.


that is a hoax. Nobody fact checked her on that. They were like, oh, we're just gonna kind of let that one go. She also lied and said that she never wanted to ban fracking. It was a clip circling on the internet right now of her explicitly stating that she wanted to ban fracking when she was being interviewed as the then vice presidential candidate. So she just changes her mind and nobody calls her out on it. But my favorite was when she lied claiming that there were no Democrats. And you can see Lindsay trying to assist her there when she's like right now, nowhere in the union can you abort a baby at nine months. Yeah, that's not what he's saying. He's saying the Democrats want to pass laws allowing people to abort babies up to nine months in the womb.


That is an absolute fact. And. so they lie to try to cover that fact. 'cause that's a scary thing because you realize again, whether or not you're pro-choice how overboard that is. Even a person that is pro-choice would say, Hey, we shouldn't be allowing people to choose abortion at nine months in the womb. Who's arguing for that? And I can tell you who's arguing for that. There was an entire democratic committee put together where the delegates made an argument, particularly Kathie Tran. They put together a bill arguing for that bill to get passed because they needed third trimester abortions. And then it was backed up by then Governor Ralph Northam, who spoke at length about why they should allow this and what they would do in those circumstances.


Take a listen to this old clip. There are no exception. There was a very contentious committee hearing yesterday when Fairfax County Delic, Kathy Tran made her case for lifting restrictions on third trimester abortions as well as other restrictions now in place. And she was pressed by Republican delegate about whether her bill would permit an abortion, even as a woman is essentially dilating ready to give birth. And she answered that it would permit an abortion at that stage of labor. Do you support her measure and and explain her answer? Yeah, And I'm, you know, I wasn't there, Julie and I, I certainly can't speak for Delegate Tran, but I will tell you one first thing I would say.


This is why decisions such as this should be made by providers, physicians, and the mothers and fathers that, that are involved. There are, you know, when we talk about third trimester abortions, these are done with the consent of obviously the, the mother with the consent of the physicians more than one physician by the way. And it's done in cases where there may be severe deformities, there may be a, a, a fetus that's non-viable. So in this particular example, if a mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen. The infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable.


The infant would be resuscitated if, if that's what the mother and the family desired. And then a discussion would ensue between the physicians and the mother. So So I think this was really blown outta proportion, Okay? His opinion there, and by the way, he also is a doctor than Governor Ralph NorAm. And he is speaking about, yeah, we had this democratic committee discussion about late term abortions that women could have. And this is a discussion that will happen between them and their physicians that makes people uncomfortable. And the reality is that these discussions are only being held on the democratic side. And Kamala lied about that. And they lied because they want people to believe that they're being reasonable about this issue and they're not.


She lied. And she also said that Trump won an abortion ban. No fact check. So we get it. It was three on one. But like I said, that is just what is to be expected. But the lie that Kamala has told that has been the biggest, and that I have truly wanted clarity on, truly wanted clarity on. 'cause I just think it is so compelling. It is just such a fundamental lie is that she's black, okay? And it matters. This really, really deeply matters to me because If, you are talking about someone who will assume a different race to get votes. A woman who her entire political career identified as an Indian-American, a woman who was proud of her Indian heritage, who spoke about her Indian heritage, who on both sides of her family, she has an Indian parent.


I just wanna be very clear guys. Before I thought her dad might have been partially black. No, her dad is Indian but lived in Jamaica. He's a Jamaican Indian, okay? He's not black, he's Indian. Her mother is Indian. And this woman then suddenly started saying Kendrick Lamar, she starts quoting hiphop songs. She's saying they, they ain't like us and this and that, and she's on the BET awards simply because she wants to mine black votes. that is wild. I mean, this should be like wall to wall coverage. Where are you at? Black America? You, how are you not completely upset that someone is essentially putting on your race like Rachel Doole because she thinks you're dumb enough that if she pretends to listen to hip hop music, you'll give her your vote.


and that moment arrived for her to clarify what her actual race was. And let's watch that moment. Mr. President, you recently said a Vice President Harris quote, I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black and now she wants to be known as black. I wanna ask a bigger picture question here tonight. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Don't. And I don't care. I don't care what she is. I don't care. You make a big deal outta something. I couldn't care less. Whatever she wants to be is okay with me. But those were your words. So I'm asking, I Don't know, don don't know. I mean, all I can say is I read where she was not black that she put out, and I'll say that.


And then I read that she was black and that's okay. Either one was okay with me. That's up to her, that's up to her Vice President Harris. Your thoughts? And just to pause, just to pause, that is the reality that that's the reality. Why does he not have a right to ask that? It's a little strange for someone to just become a different race. I don don't know. Could she just clarify? Like he read somewhere where she was black and he read somewhere suddenly where suddenly or, or she wasn't black and then suddenly she appeared on the scene trying to get some votes and yeah, black, like he says black, suddenly she's black. I don't care. I just wanna know whatever she wants to be. She can be, I guess you can pick your gender, I guess you can pick your race, but this is weird. Okay? This, this shows you that she is desperate to win and will say and do anything.


And she thinks that she can get away with it. And that's why it matters. And here is her non-answer that she gives. Listen, take. Listen, listen. I think it's, I mean, honestly, I think it's a, a tragedy that we have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently over the course of his career, attempted to use race to divide the American people. Okay, sweetie, what you're doing is worse because you're attempting to flip your race so that you can unite a bunch of American people behind you that's like so much worse. And you're, you're pretending. And of course she doesn't answer the question because she got caught lying and she just wants to get away with this. She's just going, oh no, she's racist for even asking the question.


She's not gonna answer it because she got caught quite literally caught lying. This woman is not black. I wanna be very clear. She is not black. Okay? It's fine. Just like Trump says it's fine. I don't care if she's black, I don't care if she's not black. She can do whatever she wants to be. But we should at least be critical of the fact that she actually did this and that she, instead of owning it or apologizing for it, she's doing the old DC dipping twirl. You guys remember that telling you about this from the welfare and movie? Take a look. Cam Brady just gave you the old DC dipping twirl just danced around the question. She was doing that all night, just doing the DC dipping twirl and dancing around the questions that she was being asked. And it makes me very frustrated to just see black people buying into this, like thinking that she's the female Obama.


And speaking of acting black, I was being driven crazy, absolutely crazy by the very obvious instruction that she was getting to essentially just emulate Obama in speech, but also trying to relate to black people by performing in her own way. The Martin Luther King, I have a dream speech. Did you, did you catch that in her tone? That she was trying to almost deliver a Martin Luther King type speech by constantly repeating certain words? I have a dream. I have a dream that one day and she was doing the same thing in all of her answers. Take a listen. I have a plan to give startup businesses $50,000 tax deduction to pursue their ambitions, their innovation, their ideas, their hard work.


I have a plan $6,000 for young families for the first year of your child's life to help you in that most critical stage of your child's development. I have a plan that is about allowing people to be able to pursue what has been fleeting in terms of the American dream. It is so performative, it is so obvious. It is so clear to me that this was a part of the strategy wa was to have her in her phonetics, emulate Martin Luther King Jr. So people would go, oh, she must be, she must be bringing people together and it's gonna work. By the way, I wanna be clear, this works with her demographic, this works.


Tell a story, make it emotional. Pretend that you're Martin Luther King, it doesn't matter If, you switch your ideas, call the other person racist, make women scared. you know, constantly make them fearful that something terrible is going to happen if we don't have the right to abort our children. and yeah, that's about it. That, that, that is her pitch. But I wanna be very clear, there was only one great moment that happened last night. It was truly the greatest part of the entire night. And it came really in a moment in which Trump spoke about the Taliban and this trended all night because it should trend all night. 'cause it was, it was about Abdul and Abdul. You will not be forgotten. Abdul, if you're wondering, is a Taliban leader.


Donald J. Trump had some very choice words for him. Take a listen. If, you take a look at that period of time, the Taliban was killing our soldiers, a lot of 'em with snipers. And I got involved with the Taliban because the Taliban was doing the killing. That's the fighting force within Afghanistan. They don't bother doing that because you know, they deal with the wrong people all the time. But I got involved and Abdul is the head of the Taliban, he is still the head of the Taliban. And I told Abdul, don't do it anymore. You do it anymore, you're gonna have problems. And he said, why do you send me a picture of my house? I said, you're gonna have to figure that out, Abdul.


And for 18 months we had nobody killed. I'm sorry, but that is just, I laughed out loud. I I see, I just laughed out loud. Why are Abdul said to Donald Trump? Why are you sending me pictures of my house? You're gonna have to figure that out. Abdul, figure it out. Abdul. Okay, we're not playing around anymore, okay? America's not playing around and sending you pictures of your house so you know that we know where you live. Okay? This is like when he is got the red button on his desk, he's now, it's like Abdul in his house and he's got a picture of Abdul's house that he just keeps in his phone and he just swipes through and he just looks at pictures of Abdul's house so that he knows not to mess with America.


So in summation, this debate, people on the right are saying Trump won. People on the left are saying that Kamala won. And the reality is that for both sides, that is their re that is what they're choosing it. I say after that debate, there was absolutely no change. There were no winners and there were no losers because she gave her demographic exactly what they wanted. Emotion, raw emotion, and sounding a bit like MLK Jr, despite the fact that nothing she was saying was true. And Donald Trump gave his audience and his demographic exactly what they wanted, which was somebody that was going to be tough. Someone that's gonna speak about the economy and someone that was not going to give in or be swayed by the emotion of Kamala Harris and her supporters And.


so like I said, absolutely no change. Honestly, in my view, I think, I think Abdul Abdul won. So we're gonna have to see what happens in November. I I saw that there were some people, piers Morgan saying Kamala won Elon Mustang, no one won. Other people saying Donald Trump won. And it just really just goes to underscore how divided we are as a nation and everybody sees exactly what it is that they want to see going into that debate. And that's unfortunate. But I can say the biggest losers in all of this is always going to be America. Because like I said, we have just become one big political show. And that's all I'm gonna say on that topic.


All Right. guys, I wanna remind you guys about Good. Ranchers. you know, I absolutely love Good Ranchers and you do not have to wait until November to vote because at Good Ranchers dot com you can make a powerful choice to vote for American meat, support American agriculture and make your voice heard. For transparency in our food, Good Ranchers sources all of their meat exclusively from American Farms, which not only supports local ranchers, but also ensures that you receive high quality American raised meat. Right now, Good Ranchers is having a presidential promo for a limited time. You can get a free add-on for four years until the next election. That means when you subscribe to any other boxes, you get to decide If. you want extra chicken breast, Angus ground beef, applewood smoked bacon, or wild caught salmon in every order for four years. It's the perfect way to ensure that you always have high quality American meat in your kitchen. Every cut is pre trimmed, individually packed in vacuum sealed, which makes your life easier. Good Ranchers helps you get the most flavor and value out of every ounce of meat that you buy. And in this economy that matters more each day. So do not miss out. You can use my code Canice to claim this presidential promo worth over $1,200 and bring 100% American meat to your family meals until 2028. Visit Good Ranchers dot com and use code Candace.


Alright, let's get into some stories. We've got some stuff going on. So there are all these headlines about a conspiracy that is circulating. I don't know, If, you missed it. I'm going to take you through it as only a woman could. Okay? Kamala Harris and her earrings, that is what is at the center of this scandal. I'll show you her wearing these earrings right now. And it caused a bit of a stir online with people saying that her earrings had Bluetooth capability. Okay? And like I said, I feel like I'm the right person to investigate this because, well, I mean there are a flurry of users on the internet who are convinced that they are in fact and Bluetooth capable. And because it's a pair of earrings, only a woman would know whether or not there was any truth to that.


Because there are just certain things that women know. And this kinda reminds me of like a legally blonde investigation. I'll jog your memory. The gun is missing. The coroner said he'd been dead 30 minutes when the cops arrived, giving Brooke plenty of time to stash it. I just don't think Brooke could have done this exercise. Gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy, happy people just don't shoot their husbands. That is pretty sound, female logic. I'm gonna have to agree with her there. So I was like, I wanna get into this debate about what is going on with her earrings. I know the media is dismissing it and calling it a conspiracy. Maybe there's something there. So here's what actually happened. There is in fact a pair of pearl earrings that were made by a company known as Nova.


So if you're wondering what are Nova earrings, they look like a pair of unassuming earrings, but they're actually H one audio earrings and it's closer to a hands free Bluetooth earpiece that's meant to look nice. They were created by this German startup that's called Nova products. And I'm gonna show you right now, this side by side of kamala's earrings next to the nova earrings. You see there's a, there's a strong similarity here, right? There's no question you're like, okay, what's actually going on here? What, what's going on with this earring? It looks to me, my lady eyes, that she's wearing these pearl clip-ons of some description, right?


And. so the first thing I asked myself was, do c, does Kamala Harris normally wear clip-on earrings? Are her ears pierced? Because if she, if her ears are not pierced and many people don't have their ears pierced, then it would follow that. She might just be wearing some clip-on earrings. Well, I investigated that and the answer to that is that she does always wear pearls, but she never wears clip-ons. Kamala Harris has pierced ears here she is, young Kamala Harris, she really does love pearls. I'll tell you that. She's wearing pearls almost virtually every time you see her. Here's her again, proving that her ears are pierced. Here is her a third time, okay? It's undeniable. She normally wears pearls, but she does not normally wear clip-ons. So what the heck is actually going on? Why is she wearing this earring? Women know that if your ears are pierced, you do not wear clip-ons ever.


There's no reason, there's just no reason for you to wear clip-on if your ears are pierced because you get your ears pierced so you don't have to wear clip-ons. So then as I was like going through my female brain logic, a guy on my team decided to like mansplain something, which was super annoying. He was like, well, Bluetooth, it would, I mean if it's Bluetooth accessible, then the range wouldn't be far enough for her to be getting any notes. Plus there's a mic there and I'm like, blah, blah, blah, blah. How far does Bluetooth go? They said 30 feet. They're only, only 30 feet So. it was very unlikely that Kamala Harris had Bluetooth equipped earrings, which means are there a pair of earrings that look like Kamala Harris, Kamala Harris' earrings that are not nova earrings? And the answer is yes. And she's actually worn them many times before.


They are these Tiffany earrings, these pearl earrings in which, and they sell them and they look exactly like the ones that are in her ear. And you can also take a look at her wearing 'em at a different time when she was not speaking. This is just Kamala wearing a peer, a pair of Tiffany earrings, ladies and gentlemen. So unfortunately I'm going to have to debunk this fun conspiracy theory, but it looks like Kamala Harris just really does like a good pair of pearls. And those ones look like Clipon, but they are in fact not clipon. They are just stylish. I actually do like the earrings. I'm not gonna gonna hate All Right. guys, we have to move on to Taylor Swift because of, this was the other big news of the night. Taylor Swift has come out and it is shocking. I was convinced that she was definitely gonna come out and support Donald Trump, not You know she's gotta weigh in and she's gotta do the thing.


And she does that. So she's bought another 20 years in the sphere of Hollywood with everybody convincing her she's the greatest songwriter of our genre. And if she is, we've got real issues of our generation. Pardon? And if she's the greatest songwriter of our generation, we've, I, I think we have some issues, but I'm not gonna be a hater. I'm not. Let's let, let's try to find something wonderful to say about Taylor Swift and her post endorsing Kamala. Well here it is on Instagram. She posted this photo. I love cats. Actually I think the cat's really cute. I think her hair looks great. She's looking very Steve Joby. It's an old photo. We've seen it before. And she posted this obviously as a dig to JD Vance because of his old cat lady. We don't want these sorts of people who don't have children running the government because they don't have that attachment to these issues.


So her post reads, and I'll skim through it. Like many of you, I watched the debate tonight. If, you haven't already, now is a great time to do your research on the issues at hand and the stance these candidates take on the topics that matter to you most. As a voter, I make sure to watch and read everything I can about their proposed policies and plans for this country. Recently I was made aware of that AI of me falsely endorsing Donald Trump's presidential run was posted to his site. It really conjured up my fears around AI and the dangers of spreading misinformation. Okay, that just makes me want to punch the air. I normally, I say punch her or someone in the face just makes me wanna punch the air because she can't, she always does this. Why can't she just say what she believes without victimizing herself?


Like, no one feels bad for you Taylor Swift, you're worth like a billion dollars. You fly around private with your cats, like please stop pretending you're a victim of like the internet ai. Like relax. This is not the scariest thing to happen. They did it tongue in cheek because they knew that you would never endorse him. So it's funny to make an AI thing and saying, I'm Taylor Swift and I endorsed Donald Trump chill. Just relax. Okay? Which I know you've been doing lately. Actually we're gonna get to that. So she of course does this little like, I'm a victim of AI And, so it's very important for me. She writes, the simplest way for me to combat misinformation is with the truth as if anyone actually believed that she came out and endorsed Trump. But like I said, she can't do it without the victim thing. We're supposed to think that she's got a really sad life, a really difficult life.


'cause she has to deal with people making jokes about her endorsing Trump. So she's confirmed in case you were someone who believed that she might plausibly be voting for Donald Trump. She writes, I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz in the 2024 presidential election. I'm voting for Kamala Harris because she fights for the rights and causes, I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is steady handed gifted leader, and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos. I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate, Tim Walsh know who has been standing up for lgbtq plus rights IVF and a woman's right to her own body for decades. She then signs it off with love and hope.


Taylor Swift, the childless cat lady again as a dig to JD Vance. And a reminder like for all of the women who are childless and with cats, like, come on gang gang, this is you. Like she's speaking to you. She's saying like, obviously we have to sign up for ourselves by voting for Kamala Harris because we feel insulted by the fact that we're childless and that we love cats. And it's, it's supposed to be really funny and it will, like I said, it will work. It will work. Tons of people will vote because Taylor Swift posted that she was voting and she posted it with the cat picture, which by the way, the fact that this will work only verifies everything that JD Vance was saying. Like, you don't want the kind of women who look at this post and go, yeah, I'm with her because of this photo.


And because it was really scary when Miss Billionaire had to go through like a joke on the internet with ai, you don't want those people leading the country. Like that's a fact, right? If, if that this is all it takes for someone to vote or to be swayed to vote, they should never be in leadership positions. But again, she is, she knows her marching orders. There's no depth to this. It was unbelievably predictable. It will be covered and it will inspire some women to vote for her. Cool, whatever. Taylor Swift, like I said, I've been saying this forever. She has no personality. I i i, it frustrates me to no end that I have just been so right about her and people just do not respect my kind of greatness when they see it. Like I have been calling her out since she's been dating Connor Kennedy.


I I say this woman quite literally becomes whoever she's dating. So Connor Kennedy, she's wearing poodle skirts. And then when she was with Harry Styles and he was in his Brooklyn face, she suddenly, she's wearing the beanie. And then when she's with her guy in London who likes privacy, suddenly she's like dressing like a proper British girl. And I just can't stand it. Like, you know, I I just can't stand someone who doesn't have a personality and just adopts everyone else else's, like the girl that she used to be best friends with. I can't think of the model's name something with a k somebody help me out. She's married to Joshua Kushner. I, I, I can't think of her name at all, but you guys will know who I'm talking about. She essentially took on her personality in the biggest way, even cut her hair the exact same way as that model and began dressing like her and doing all of the same classes as her, what's her name?


Carly Kloss. Yes, there was that whole and that, that is by the way, why there are so many Taylor Swift eras. Why there are so many Taylor Swift personalities. They're actually not personalities, they're somebody else's personalities. They're not hers and So. it just, when I see this, I just wonder whose personality is this? I know. She just, whose personality is she taking on here when she writes this post? Certain, some people are going, I wonder what Travis Kelsey thinks about that. Travis Kelsey is loving life right now because he is going to get every upside of this relationship that is not going to last. I've called that because it's obvious. And again, she's stepped into a new era like Travis. Kelsey's a little bit gangster, I would say.


you know, he is got a little bit of swag to him as a football player. Loves to wear like bucket hats. And now all of a sudden we see Taylor Swift and this is like her hip hop era, right? I mean look at what she wore to do the first game. What era is this? Denim on denim with her boobs out belly showing and she's got these high heeled leather red boots and like a chain around her neck. I'm like, okay, she's in her black girl era. I dig it. you know, she's with some, a guy who almost exclusively dates black girls until her. So now she's given him a little bit more flavor and that also means grinding on him out in the open at the US Open, which is actually supposed to be a very high class event. But I guess, you know, Americans, we can, we can make anything.


We, we can de class anything. That's really what we do. That's what we do the best. We are like, hey, it's a classy thing you got there, watch us. And this is of the actual video of her and Travis Kelsey. Look at this. Look at her grinding on him drinking. He's wearing a bucket hat. Gucci. She's got her tongue out. This is the new era guys. Yeah, get it Tey. Get it Tey. Okay, cool. We, we, we get it tey, we get it. So this is, this is not something for people to be upset about. like I said, it's predictable. I think she truly her, her talent is her curse, right? She can in her head step into any ee she can step into anyone's personality. She is essentially the person from X-Men who is the lizard that could like think.


It just becomes people. What's her name? Not, not rogue. I'm blanking on this as well. Mystique. Yeah. Taylor Swift is like a mystique, you know, she takes it on and it's very believable and then she sheds it when she no longer needs it. And. so whatever, if you're gonna follow that and vote with her accordingly, good for you. Thumbs up don. Don't hate the player. I I I can't, I can't hate the player. You can only hate the game.


All Right guys, before I get into reading some of your comments, plus reading a very nice comment from the A DL to me, which was posted onto X earlier today. I'm gonna tell you guys about Native Path collagen because you know that I care a lot about health and Native path collagen. Native path collagen is something that really works. It's a single ingredient formula that has no fillers, additives, or artificial sweeteners. Native path collagen is made with one with type one and three collagen fibers, which are found in your cartilage bones, skin, hair, nails, and gut. Their ingredients are scientifically backed to increase bone mineral density, support tissue recovery, reduce wrinkles, enhance hair thickness, and strengthen weak or damaged nails. It's completely flavorless native path Collagen can be added to anything. Coffee, smoothies, oatmeal, you name it. It's peptide formula. It makes it more bioavailable, meaning it's absorbed more easily and mixes perfectly without clumping. Right now. When you visit Native Path Sale slash Candace, you can stock up on Native Path collagen for up to an incredible 45% off today, plus free shipping. Every order comes with a 365 day money back guarantee. So you can try it risk free today. Native Path offers amazing bundle deals. You can get three or six packs at a fraction of the price of other brands. So visit Native Path, do Sale slash Candace today.


All right, so let me tell you about the A DL, my friends over at the ad l the a DL, an organization that was founded defending a pedophile and murderer named Leo Frank. Sorry, I'm my Taylor Swift era. I just read a song about everything that happens to me and that's what happened. That's literally the founding of the A DL, which is now remarkably called the Anti-Defamation League. What all they actually do is defame people because they realize that If, you just call people names, then they, I guess are not allowed to point out all the horrific things that you do, like defend pedophiles. Anyways, a DL tweeted this. It's important when platforms like YouTube take action against anti-Semitic propaganda videos like Candace Owens promoting the false claim that Jewish people control the media are not only baseless but fuel dangerous anti-Semitic conspiracies.


This is no place in our society. Yeah, so they're referring apparently to Kanye. No one promoted any conspiracy theories, but like I said, the point of the a DL is just to gaslight you. So that's why they defended a pedophile. No one cared that he was Jewish, but that guy was their boss, Leo Frank. He murdered and raped a 13-year-old little girl and then was convicted for that murder and rape unanimously with Jewish jurors. So like, there was no question of how guilty he was. And then afterwards, because he was their boss, he was a president of Ben Iba wr, which was let's free Mason group, they were like, how can we rehabilitate his image thereafter?


And they started calling everybody anti-Semitic. It worked for them, just smearing people as anti-Semitic. So you're anti-Semitic If. you notice that a Jewish guy killed a 13-year-old if you know a fact. So they, they embark on this all the time. They are referring to me speaking to ye You guys can now watch that interview even though YouTube took it down. We put it up on Twitter. You could also watch it here on Rumble. And you can also listen to that interview on Spotify or on Apple. They have not taken it down because there was nothing controversial in it. To the contrary, yay was really calm and was basically saying that people need to do better by each other all across the board, that we as a society need to move forward and actually promote love. And that's the real reason it got taken down because he sounded so sensible, And so rational that it disallows people to it.


Disa allowss them to keep defaming him as crazy when he talks about his experiences in Hollywood, which every single person has a right to talk about their conspire, their, their experiences without being labeled a conspiracy theorist or anti-Semitic. So that's their comment. I'm gonna read some of yours, write you people right now who are, I keep calling it Super chats. I will learn the Rumbo lingo, I promise. Sarah writes, Kamala mentioned a debunked story of sexual assault on October 7th, but didn't mention the actual sexual assault on Palestinians in captivity. you know, this was actually an interesting tidbit. It would have been interesting and it it I think will be consequential for I both sides.


By the way, both parties, the Zionism I think is not something that the left or the right is keen on right now. And yet the political candidates are falling in line because they don't kind of wanna deal with the media beast If. you say something against Zionism And. so if somebody actually did want to stand up to the media but get a bunch of votes, they would've talked more rationally about that situation, about how there's just been too much death and they both kind of abstained. And BB Netanyahu kind of walked away as the winner watching both sides of the debate, basically fawn over themselves to support anything that he wants to do forever into perpetuity. Sarah also writes, my mom is Colombia Colombian and said that yes, Venezuela is sending criminals to the US and yes, many of these gangs are satanic and perform animal sacrifice.


Of course, by the way, one of the reasons that they took down the video on YouTube, they also took down the video where I spoke with Xavier Sard regarding the pedophile ring. And we spoke about Rajet Macron. And their reason was that I said Satanic cult. And that's a dangerous conspiracy theory to suggest that there could ever be a satanic cult in the world. This is how you know you're getting close to truth. I mean, what a ridiculous reason to take a video down. You can't say the words satanic cults. Obviously there is one. That's the only reason why you would say no one can hear this is because there was truth in that. And I'll be posting that interview onto X later today. And you can still find that on Spotify Apple and here on Rumble So I advise you listen to it before they try to delete these things off of the internet.


'cause I'm still convinced that the world's economic forum running that simulation that they did a while ago about what would happen if we had an internet pandemic and they had to force shut down the entire internet. I still think they're gonna do that. Just like they predicted the Covid pandemic. I think they're essentially running tests to see what would happen if they brought down the internet so that they could sanitize it. As they said in that simulation, they said, we're gonna have to sanitize the internet if there's just a virus that's all over the web. We, the government are gonna have to take control just like with Covid, but this time it's gonna be on the web. So I really do encourage people to be conspiracy theorists could consider that the government is showing you their hand and they're telling you what they want to do because they realize that too many people are waking up to what's happening today.


Print things out, buy books, get them into your possession and make sure that we stay organized, that we have our own websites, that we have our own technology. It's why I'm building my own database. We're gonna have to do that. But don't just rely on the internet. like I said, buy books, get hard copies, photocopy the things that you need to remember. Write them down. Go old school. That's really gonna be our only guard against what I believe to be a government that fully just wants to wipe out history so that they can just make us live in an ever or willian present. By the way, this next person writes, I really hope Rumble invests in you. Thank you for saying that outta space. J Skit hun says, Kamala's shrill voice stressed my wolf dog so much she would not stop pacing during the entire debate.


Me too, girl. Me too. We just gotta apologize to our husbands. We do. We all owe our husbands an apology for last night. 'cause don don't know if it's ever sounded like that, but I I am sorry if it ever has. Now I I know I know what men say now I know what men think women sound like as a stereotype. Kamala is that Valeria writes, here is the reality. The United States is finding themselves desperately wanting to keep our nation blue. Why? Mind control. Simple answer. Yet last night's debate was so sloppy people started to notice. Yeah, I I do think there is this noticing of how performative it all is. Like just seeing even the way that they speak. Like you're not speaking like a human being. You're you're just speaking like you're a robot that's been programmed to say certain things.


Swole monkey rights. I live in Ohio, immigrants eating people's pets has been all over local news for two days before the debate until Trump mentioned it and now it's not true. Also, we need life's tough. Get a helmet, t-shirts. Yes, they're, they're available. Look, that's what I'm wearing today. Show you guys this right now I am wearing our life's tough. Get a helmet crew neck, and we have the T-shirts available plus the crew necks available on club Candace dot com. By the way, I do want to mention that today is September 11th and I wanted to do an episode about that, but I wanted to cover the debates today and tomorrow I'm going to do an episode on Tower seven. 'cause we never got to that If, you haven't yet do. Go back and watch the episode that we did do, we did two episodes actually on September 11th speaking about all of the things that were out of whack that day that they want us to conveniently forget that I trudged up from the internet interviews, involvement, masad there that day.


Unanswered questions. Definitely a time for you to go revisit those episodes, go back into our catalog and find that. And then tomorrow, which we never got to, we are gonna talk about Tower seven because you know, the thing that said about nine 11 is, is never forget. But I think the reality is they want us to never remember, right? The things that they're challenging us not to forget is their, their version of events, right? And some of the things that happened that day, there are some major question marks, some major holes. And I am more than happy to speak about Tower seven. Hey, we're on Rumble. I can do whatever I want. Ooh, ooh, ooh, for now. Trust me, the ADL's watching right now. They're like, we're coming for her, we're coming for her real soon.


But I'm telling you, you can't get rid of me. I'm, I'm just like, I'm having fun. I'm, I'm feeling like Neo from the Matrix can't stop me. My followers are coming with me. We're like, gang, gang, they can't stop us. Anyways, you guys, thanks so much for, for supporting the show. For all of you guys that joined locals after I got banned from YouTube, it was an explosion of people supporting the show financially. And that is the reason why don don't have to worry when YouTube says, well, we're gonna crush you. We're gonna take your money, rabbi Schmoley, ah, we'll take all your money, we'll bankrupt you, Candace Owens. You guys are losers. And I say, Tru, truly and honestly, you are losers. You cannot beat me in a free market. You can't. So you try to manipulate the markets by getting me off of the thing. My, my, my show's been bigger than ever before.


You are like, we canceled you, we wrote so many articles, Barry Weiss, the Free Press, and it hasn't worked because everyone thinks you're losers, you're neocons. No one cares. We know you're lying And. so the best you've got now is a form of financial terrorism. Well, guess what? Now I belong to the people. What are you gonna do Now? I'm publicly traded now and not with you guys, not with you guys, but people who actually want to know the truth, who want to talk about these topics, who wanna talk about Tower seven, who want to about vaccines, who wanna talk about whether or not it is plausible. And it is that our government is intentionally making us sick and intentionally making us stupid. And you guys are a part of that. You're a part of gang, gang government.


Okay, cool. You want the the population to be stupid. You wanna call everybody a name. Once they get onto one of your cents for fear of that, you're gonna be embarrassed, If. you don't get in line. You can cu our behavior. You can modify our behavior via the madness of crowd's philosophy. Oh, look, everybody's doing the dumb thing, so everybody should just follow along. Uhuh, we're not doing that anymore. We're waking up and we're, and we're doing it with a smile on our face, a smile plastered on our face. So I'm gonna say, guys, we, we are, we are winning. They are fearful and that's exactly what we want them to be. They are getting desperate because they feel powerless. They can feel their power waning. And that's exactly where we want them to be because it is the beginning of the end for the establishment.


I'll see you guys tomorrow.