
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


Alright, you guys happy Tuesday? Or is it a happy Tuesday? Do you guys remember Miss Cleo from the nineties? Remember this, You have questions, I have the answers. Call me now for your free tarot reading. Call 1 809 8 0 86 37. That's how I'm feeling lately with all of this stuff, which was so obvious. And I said a year ago, that's now happening. I'm like, call me now. Call me now. Because I just seem to keep accurately predicting these political events. But I have a confession, you guys. I'm not a fortune teller. And by the way, neither was Ms. Cleo. She was actually a fraud. And me, I've just been paying attention to all of the obvious signs and the words that are coming outta bb net and yahoo's mouth. And now we're going to war.


American planes are in the skies in Iran. So buckle up guys. Get ready to send your sons and daughters to the Middle East. And everyone who disagrees with that is apparently a jihadist, or as Trump is saying, a kook. That's, that's what he's called. Tucker Carlson. Hmm. Whose side are you on? Welcome back to Candace. Here's the thing, I try to be optimistic about everything. Even obviously the state of play today, which it's hard to find the silver lining, but there is one, there is a silver lining and I think it's that left and right.


We can finally stop waring with one another. 'cause it all just seems to be the same. Both sides are serving the same master. And that's apparently money and war. The nonstop war machine, Tim Dylan, actually recently, I think it was yesterday, nailed it on the head, speaking about how the left falls for war and how the right falls for war, and how you can manipulate both sides. Take a listen, The American Conservative movement, and they can be emotionally manipulated. The base of the American liberal movement can be manipulated in that way as well. All you have to do with that side is tell them that RuPaul's Drag Race can't do a show in Russia.


And then they're in. So all you have to do is for the left, make war about domestic politics. They throw gay people off the roof or whatever. Even though I, you know, do we have photos? I'm sure it's happened. How is it happening every day? And are we help? Are we gonna help that somehow by, by bombing everybody now? Yeah, try to throw 'em off the roof. Now we bombed the building like it's not rational, but that's how you get the left involved. You just use domestic wedge political issues to get them going. The left is crazy. The right is stupid.


So the way you get the right involved is to just tell them they're going to be killed soon. That they're on their way to kill you. They're coming to kill you and we gotta kill 'em first. We gotta kill 'em before they kill you. Everything's preemptive. Everything's a strike. It's preempt there and you're, you're in your cul-de-sac. You're like, Iran's gonna get it. I have to say, kind of gotta agree with that. And we have to laugh at it because If you weren't laughing, we would probably be crying, which is terrible. It's so cyclical. And I'll ask the question. Show of hands, who one week ago can honestly say that they woke up terrified, terrified that Iran was going to nuke the United States of America.


Oh, absolutely nobody did. But that's where we are at right now. Now some are calling this a MAGA civil war, but it's not that. Okay, let's be frank. Let's be honest. This is not MAGA at all. Some people are calling it Miga Make Israel great again. I would actually argue that it's make Israel greater and that Trump just fractured his base. I believe he just fractured his base. Now, the Make America Great again movement, as I understood it, it took very many bullets defending Trump and the Make America Great again movement early on back in 2017, 18, 19. Because as I understood it, it was about the realization that Americans were last. Frankly. That the elites had sold us out for never ending wars effectively.


MAGA was a declaration of war on neocons, right? On the people who always club with the reason for us, our sons and daughters overseas sending unaccountable dollars. We don't know where all the money went. While American jobs, American cities, even the American education system was in steep decline. A lot of the rhetoric at that time was aimed at our veterans. Right? Remember the fallen and soldiers, how we had forgotten these brave men and these brave women, the veterans who came back and weren't treated with any respect, the people who went and never came back as they died in foreign lands. Yeah. That was what the MAGA movement was supposed to be about.


America being pulled out of decline. Rhetoric also aimed at farmers and ranchers. Now, what was the mandates? Like I said, keep Americans out of foreign affairs. No war. We were actually so obsessed with not getting involved in war that this time, the left and the right actually locked arms, it was the literal appeal of Tulsi Gabbard. She was hated by Hillary Clinton types, the Barry Weiss types calling her a todi because after having served in the military, she was extremely adverse to war. And we were like, yes, that's great. That works for us. And Trump, by the way, if we're taking a look at him, he had been extremely vocal in the past for years, By the way, before he even ran for president about the disaster of our foreign policy in the Middle East.


He specifically called out Barack Obama back in 2011 for what he deems to be an unnecessarily looming conflict with, well, you guessed it, Iran, take a listen. Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and he's ineffective. So the only way he figures that he's going to get reelected and as sure as you're sitting there, is to start a war with Iran. Okay? And he kept up that four years later, that same rhetoric during the 2015 Republican presidential election debates, Trump came across as strong. He came across as truthful because he took a bold stance against the disaster of the Iraq War and all the lies that were told leading up to it.


Take a listen to Trump. Obviously the war in Iraq was a big fat mistake. Alright? Obviously it was a mistake. So George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes, but that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East, but I wanna tell you, they lied. Okay? They said there were weapons of mass destruction, there were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass, mass destruction. Okay? Alright, go. Yep. That is the Trump that I voted for twice. Okay? So we elected him in 2016. We elected him again in 2024, more or less the exact same mandate.


And like I said, we were excited, especially when Tulsi Gabbard became the director of National Intelligence. Right? And I'm not kidding when I say that. Eight weeks ago in March, she testified before Congress that Iran did not appear to be building a nuclear bomb. This was eight weeks ago. You guys take a listen. The IC continues to assess that Iran is not building a nuclear weapon. And Supreme leader Khomeini has not authorized the nuclear weapons program that he suspended in 2003. The IC continues to monitor closely if Tehran decides to reauthorize its nuclear weapons program. So what changed you guys? What happened?


Because now we're in this phase of gaslighting. We got all these IDF bots pretending that we're not America first for noticing that the messaging has completely changed over a couple of weeks. What actually changed overnight and why did it change overnight? And the answer is Bibi net Yahoo. What Bibi Netanyahu want is what he gets. He is the effective president of the United States and has been for a very long time, okay? After two years of the media persistent in their messaging surrounding the horrors of October 7th. October 7th, which by the way, the IDF mysteriously elected to pull their troops away from the border on that day, October 7th, when mysteriously also the IDF chose mysteriously to ignore two warnings, which came from Egypt, that Hamas was planning an attack.


They just said, you know what, we're gonna ignore that. These are, this is all facts, by the way, the also mysterious decision by the government to ignore a plan which they had intercepted a plan from Hamas to take 200 hostages. They had nothing about that. All of this leading up to that moment in October seven when for some inexplicable reason the IDF was just not able to get any one of their very many soldiers to intervene on that attack for two entire hours, utterly implausible. Don't believe me. Just ask Charlie Kirk, How did, how did these guys not know this was taking Place? So I've been Israel many times. The whole country's a fortress.


When I first heard this story, I still have the same gut instinct that I did initially. I find this very hard to believe. I've been to that Gaza border. You, you cannot go 10 feet without running into a 19-year-old with an AR 15 or an automatic machine gun that is an IDF soldier, right? The whole country is surveilled. And so, so let me just, lemme just kind of go through this. We don't talk about Israeli politics very often and most Americans don't know this. The last nine months Israel was on the brink of civil war. It's not an exaggeration. This judicial stuff. There were pro, there were hundreds of thousands of Israelis taking to the streets. 'cause Bibi Netanyahu is basically redefining the Israeli constitution. That's not an exaggeration, right? He said the judicial branch is too much power.


There were protests planned this week against Netanyahu where they anticipated tens of thousands of people to take to the streets. That's all gone. Patrick Netanyahu now has an emergency government and a mandate to lead. I'm not, I'm not willing to say, to go so far that saying that Netanyahu knew or there was intelligence here. But I think some questions need to be asked, was there a stand down order? Was there a stand down order? Six hours? I don't believe it. Israel's side of new size of New Jersey when I took a helicopter ride from Jerusalem to the Gaza border, it's 45 minutes. Wow. Six hours. Their live streaming. The killing of Jews was, did somebody in the government say stand down?


That is a legitimate non conspiracy question. Questions that Bibi Netanyahu doesn't want to answer. By the way, I should add here that in addition, when the IDF finally did arrive after two hours, they were instructed via the Hannibal directive, which is the military directive that they have to shoot anything that moved, including Jewish people. So the Israeli government was instructed to not let anybody survive, you know, to kill everybody. 'cause they didn't want anybody to be taken as hostages. So yeah, a lot of questions to be asked, how many of their own people did they kill? And yeah, why did it take so long for them to get to that border, which they mysteriously decided to leave vacant on that day.


Now Bibi, you would never know this because the western media doesn't cover it has been facing a slew of corruption, charges, trials for what he did or did not do on that day. He also mysteriously instructed his administration not to record the discussions that they were having as is required by law. He wanted the transcripts from that day to be edited among very many other of the accusations of corruption. Bebe's cabinet coordinated, verified lies and propaganda to be shared with the Western media. Okay? You can read all of this, by the way, in Harts and Israeli newspaper because you certainly can't read in any of the Western ones. And why is that? Well, because they have their marching orders.


Because virtually everything that we have watched and listened to over the last three years has been one long unhinged propagandist effort in preparation for this war. APAC dollars spent journalists funded to overreact to any and everything. I'm not kidding, right? So sensitive. Everything is now antisemitism. Everything is the Holocaust. Everything is Adolf Hitler. Every person that you knew that was in public magically over the last two years got possessed by the spirit of Adolf Hitler. At least that's the version. Like according to Zionists, they became radical and they became obsessed and they became obvious, obvious to the quote unquote conspiracy, conspiracy theorists like me who told you the reason why they were acting this way.


It was to prepare for war with Iran. I've been saying this, I'm not kidding. For over two years, here's a clip of me saying it again. Just last year, take a listen, a Iraq, Libya, Syria, he says it, we do it. And now he's saying that Iran might kill President Trump. And if he does, then we better, we just better all say we're going to war right now and not, not ask any further questions. Lemme tell you something right now, something happens to President Trump. I'm gonna have a lot of further questions and I'm going to make this statement to the American people. Please listen to me. Do not send your sons and daughters to fight in this planned war. They have been planning this war for years, okay?


Do not believe them when they say they have weapons of mass destruction. They have been trying the strategy for years in various countries that they want war with. Okay? Stop letting these elite oligarchs, very small group of them that benefit from these never ending wars, allow you to be diluted into emotionality and irrationality and to allow your children to die on foreign soil. Not a single American daughter or son is going to die overseas for this planned war. Call me now. Call me now. Ms. Cle, like I said, it was just way too obvious. But you know, I did get something wrong there. The assassination attempt of Donald Trump, or maybe he did experience some sort of an assassination of his opinion, his soul, because I'm not sure what exactly happened to the Trump that I just showed you, the Trump that I voted for.


Because today he is singing a very different tune. If you've been paying attention to the last 24 hours, he's now attacking people that have remained consistent, that are standing against our involvement in the Middle East on the basis of the fact that regime changes have never worked there. He's attacking of all people. Tucker Carlson. Tucker Carlson, who we showed you on the show yesterday, was very gracious in his assessment of Trumps. Said, he is a good heart, he's a good man. And here's why I don't agree with you, Iran regime change efforts. He spoke about this very above board with Steve Bannon. Okay? A reporter called Trump, caught Trump off guard at the G seven meeting. He's standing next to Keir Starer and they ask him to respond to something that Tucker never said.


And here is what Trump says about Tucker Carlson. Take a listen. The other key response to Tucker Carlson criticizing you saying that you were complicit in the war. I, I don't know what Tucker Carlson was saying, let him go get a television network and say it so that people listen. And Quickly have you spoken to the, In case you didn't hear him, he said, let Tucker Carlson go get a television network and say it there, and maybe people will listen. So I guess he's kind of trying to take a dig at Tucker Carlson, even though Tucker never took a dig at him and implying that Tucker Carlson is no longer relevant because he's not on tv. And what does he do there? He just exposes himself for being out of touch. Really? You have to have a television network to be heard in America today. What next?


Tucker Carlson. Go get a fax machine. Go get a fax machine. Tucker Carlson want people to read your messages. That's how I read that. Completely ridiculous. But he doubled down on this. He went on to truth social and he said, Tucker Carlson, who has maintained that we should not send our sons and daughters to die in in another regime change war since all of them have been a remarkable failure, at least for America, not for Israel. Trump tweets this somebody please explain to kooky Tucker Carlson, that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. Now, if you're wondering, wait a minute, didn't Tulsi Gabbard literally just testify in March that Iran did not appear to be building a nuclear weapon? Yeah, she did. And Trump has this to say about Tulsi Gabber.


That's who is his director of national intelligence. You can just dismiss what she says according to Trump. Take a listen. Mr. Ve always said that you don't believe in Ron should be able to have a nuclear weapon, but how close do you personally think that they were to getting one? Because tulsi ga very close, Tulsi Gabbard testified in March that, that the intelligence community said Iran wasn't building a nuclear weapon. I don't care what she said. I think they were very close to have, What is that guys? You don't care what your director of national intelligence is telling you, you don't care because BB net and Yahoo what called you up and said, yeah, we need a pretext for war. Like we always need a pretext where we're constantly bombing and killing people all the time.


We're committing a holocaust in Gaza. Could you just go out there and tell 'em what they had a nuclear, they were building a a nuclear bomb they warrant and there's been no evidence of that outside of bb net and Yahoo's, trust me, bro, because I guess you have to come up with something to make people hysterical to believe that we have this never ending Right. To murder human beings. That's what it's, it's a carte blanche that has been handed to Israel to continually murder human beings in the Middle East, to use American soldiers to affect regime changes in the Middle East at the benefit of no one but Israel, okay, while they go, oh, well we kept our hands, we didn't get involved in that one. Yeah. If you think we're stupid and we're not paying attention to what the results of all these wars have been, Bibi Netanyahu standing before Congress and and demanding that we go to war with all these countries and then we do it.


And then they go, we had nothing to do with that. We benefited. But that's just luck. We benefited Syria. Yeah, we benefited Libya. Yeah, we bene but that's just a rock. Yeah, we nine 11, but I don't know. We're just, we're just lucky that way. So right now, the lack of consistency, i i it, it is stunning to watch Trump do this. He's all over the place right now on social media. I mean, he initially signaled right away that America had nothing to do with what happened in Iran, that America was not going to get involved. That he was negotiating peace. Then he signaled that he didn't have any idea that the attack was coming, but also that he did know that the attack was coming. And now he's tweeting.


We, he's literally using we to describe what is happening in Iran right now. Look at, let's just take a look at some of these tweets. We now have complete and total control of the skies over Iran. Iran had good sky trackers and other defensive equipment and plenty of it. But it doesn't compare to American made, conceived and manufactured stuff. No. Does it better than the good old USA Oh well, hey, yeah, we've got our planes in the skies. Okay. American troops might die, but U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A because it's our stuff is so good and good looking in the sky. The big bad American planes are in the sky. What does he think we're stupid. And the people online that are trying to pretend that we are the ones betraying Trump for holding him accountable to his po, his promises that he made to us when we voted for him, when we encouraged other people to vote for him, you're pretending that we're the ones that are problematic.


This level of gaslighting that's taking place. You got Laura Loomer out there saying, screenshot every tweet that's against Donald Trump. Lemme tell you something sweetheart. You better start capturing Donald Trump's tweets that are going out right now because they seem pretty against Donald Trump's ideas of yesteryear. That's all I'm saying. Everything that he said, every bit of BS that he called out, calling out the neocons, the people that were on the face of the never Trump movement, he's now aligned with all of them. Everyone who hated him and called him Adolf Hitler. He's now locked arm in arm with them. Yeah, he, he agrees with Nikki Haley. The Lindsey Grahams, he agrees with every single person that we had to fight on his behalf to allow him to hold the office that he is holding.


Yeah. He now agrees with all of them. And, and we're problematic now. We are presumably the kooks. I mean, it's ridiculous. It is, it is so ridiculous. And it should infuriate you to a certain level If you are invested in the idea that politics can be the answer. And the the truth is, is that it can't, it really can't. And I have not been so stressed because as all of you have noted, I have pulled away increasingly from politics and have been calling up a left and the right because it's become apparent to me that both sides lie. Am I a little surprised by Trump? Yeah, I am. Especially 'cause it's just so soon And so fast And so obvious as he's talking about building hotels, the Trump Hotel to be built in the Gaza Strip while there are st there are literally children starving today there.


What kind of a tweet is that? I mean, well, like it's just, I get it. That m delson gave you $100 million. That's a lot of money. But man, have some dignity, man have a, have a little bit of respect for the human beings that are still dying and have been being bombed for two years, two entire years. They have been effectively carpet bombed. And you and Jared Kushner are out there talking about building hotels and what an impressive real estate portfolio you might have if people began to see Gaza as an investment. All we have to do is murder these people. And what's quite stunning, I wanna add to this, is you reflect on it and I think there's something like a million adulting Gaza with the amount of money that we have given Israel.


Other countries have given Israel the amount of money that has been spent on the bombs that they are dropping, that are being manufactured on the, on, at, on the behalf of Israel. They could have just gone to every Palestinian family and offered their money for their homes, right? Think about that. They could have just gone and said, Hey, I'm gonna give you a million dollars for your home. This is a nice piece of real estate. But they chose to murder them. They are choosing to carpet bomb them, to gaslight the American people and to refer to us as antisemites for noticing the Holocaust. They, they, they are choosing evil, death and destruction while at the same time demanding that you recognize that these are God's chosen people.


So did Trump betray his base? Did Trump betray his mandate? Well, Dave Smith definitely thinks of, thinks so. Here's what he had to say over on breaking points. Take a listen. Yeah. Donald Trump looks, and man, I I supported him this last year. I apologize for doing so. It was a bad calculation at the time. It seemed like the right one. But he should be impeached and removed for this one. Wow. And not, not on some, like, not, not on some ridiculous Nancy Pelosi. Of course the Congress will never do it 'cause they're all a bunch of, you know, corrupt hacks. This is The one thing they support. This is like the, yeah. Donald Trump should be impeached and removed for this. All of his supporters should turn on him. It's the absolute betrayal of everything that he ran and campaigned on and everything that he stood for.


And I will say, despite the fact that, you know, Donald Trump supporters have been labeled like a cult following, and that certainly is true for a percentage of his supporters. He is gonna lose his coalition over this. There, there i i I know I I don't just speak for myself when I say there are a lot of us who simply will not go along with this. So it's just a devastating mistake by the way, on top of that, he's also gonna lose the deportation fight because of this. Because right now he needed all the political capital he could have to turn that, you know, you gotta majority support for deportations. But the minority is very mobilized and they're out and they're protesting all around the country. He needed all of his political capital for that move.


So here's what we got. The neocons. Win more war abroad at, you know, bomb the world and invite the world. No matter who you vote for, you always get John McCain. It is. And I did not vote for the party of John McCain. Okay. And like I said, you're not gonna gaslight me into believing there's an act of my own betrayal and deceit. Okay? And not that, it just seems to be that every politician is always in line with whatever demonic ambitions that Israel has. It's nonstop war all the time, which they are demanding nonstop. Okay? And there's a lot that I wanna say here about reflecting on these last couple of years and things that didn't make sense at the time. The attacks on Christ Is King, the obvious infiltration that was taking place.


And let's be very clear, the neocons won. The neocons won. They, they have, they have infiltrated successfully the MAGA movement. And I don't know if it was ever, I'm questioning myself here, was it ever about the farmers? Was it ever about the ranchers? Was it ever about the veterans? Did they ever care about any of that stuff? Or what is that just the rhetoric that you used to secure boats? I wanna answer that question 'cause I wanna get to this clip of Jordan Peterson that was floating around the internet, which I wanted to respond to while I was on maternity leave.


But first, speaking of farmers and ranchers, If you have not yet heard about Riverbend Ranch, it is time that you did. I am not kidding. Like, you know, everybody's got their steak. I'm usually a sirloin person. I have never in my entire life at a better stake than the stake that I enjoyed from Riverbend Riverbend Ranch. Like I, I try everything I said, this is amazing. I don't even know how this beef could taste this good. The Angus herd at Riverbend Ranch is not your average Angus cattle. 35 years ago, using ultrasound technology, the owner of Riverbend Ranch began scouring the nation to identify specific purebred Angus cows that genetically produce a much higher level of marbling and tenderness than normal Angus cattle. After over 30 years of careful selection and breeding, Riverbend Ranch developed beef that has notably superior flavor and tenderness. And they take great pride in the humane treatment of their herd. The cattle spend their days in lush mountain meadows of Idaho and Wyoming and are raised without the use of artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. And I'm, I'm not kidding, when we were working with them and they sent us these stakes and I said, what, what is in this? They sent me an entire packet to tell me how the cows are being treated, what separates them from the re the rest, and how seriously the, the ranchers take this process. I am telling you, if you're a steak person, I challenge you to try this beef and you're gonna come back to me and be like, Candace, thank you so much. I have never in my life had a better ribeye. I would never say this. I've never in my life had a better ribeye. They aged this premium beef for 21 days is how long it's aged. This is real American beef born America, raised in America, processed in America. Their beef is shipped directly from their ranch to your home. Nobody in between. You should definitely try this from my friends over at Riverbend Ranch dot com right now. If you use promo code Candace at checkout, you will get $20 off your first order. Trust me, you're gonna be very impressed to go to Riverbend Ranch dot com with promo code Candace and please tag me when you try it, especially on the ribeye because it was just another level.


Also wanna tell you guys about the little Catholic, you know how much I love them. It's time to upgrade your Catholic jewelry collection. If you love beautiful, meaningful pieces, check out the little Catholic because they are the number one place in America for handmade Catholic jewelry. Little Catholic is a family owned business creating the most stunning and ethically handmade Catholic jewelry right here in the US from miraculous metals and sacred heart jewelry to their iconic, patented Holy Family Hearts collection. Every piece is designed to last for generations crafted in sterling silver and solid 14 karat gold to reflect the beauty of our faith. And what I love most about the little Catholic is that they're committed to ethical craftsmanship. Every piece is made to be more in daily treasured and passed down, which is a constant tangible reminder of our faith between first communions confirmations and wedding season. Now is the perfect time to find a meaningful gift. So head over to the little catholic.com and use code Candace 25 for 25% off your order. That's the little catholic.com with promo code Candace 25 for handmade Catholic jewelry that lasts.


All right you guys, I would now like to get into the final piece of this. 'cause a puzzle was emerging. Like I said, our guts and I'm not, like I said, the Candace Owens was right jar, it's meaningless 'cause it was also obvious you just had to be paying attention. Like there was nothing noble about me seeing Iran around the corner. Bebe's insane. He's unhinged, he says everything and they're bad at it. Like I said yesterday, generation nine 11 has grown up. But there was an element of this that I couldn't quite understand, which was this random incursion that we saw on the Declaration of Christ as king. This was something that caught me so off guard obviously, and how I somehow became the nucleus of this debate.


A worldwide trend over Christ Is King. An unhinged level of commitment to getting Christians to admit or or to say, to admit that, well you can say Christ Is King, but not if a Jewish person is offended by it. Like sometimes it can be said and it's anti-Semitic. That was a bridge too far for a lot of people and we could not comprehend where it was coming from. Now we can, I think we, we can. So I saw this moment, which went viral. Jor went viral while I was on maternity leave. Jordan Peterson went on to Jubilee. Jubilee is, and I wanted to, to give credit to Jordan Peterson. I didn't watch the full two hours of his Jubilee appearance. I know how exhausting Jubilee can be. You are surrounded by 20 people who hate you.


And So I was willing to, to defer to that, to say, okay, well he might have just been tired, but this clip, after he had been a played a part of a report alongside about 20 other Jewish people to declare that Christ Is King, is anti-Semitic. Now he goes and puts himself as a Christian debating 20 atheists, we gotta pay attention to this. So this, this, he's coming up against one of these college students who's pressing him on what this college student believes is his Catholic faith. Because why else would you sign up to debate 20 atheists as a Christian? Take a listen to this. Are You familiar? You just didn't understand it. Are you familiar with the Immaculate conception?


Why Is that relevant? Because you go to a Catholic church, don't you? Or you've attended recently, you're interested in Catholicism, aren't you? Sure? Alright. Are you familiar with their doctrines? Somewhat. Okay. You are, you're familiar. Their doctrines are very, how do they regard, how do they regard Mary? Why are you asking me that? Because you're a Christian. You say that. I haven't claimed that. Well What is this? Is this Christians versus atheist? I don't know. You don't know where you are right now. Don't be a smart ass. And I mean, Because well, either you're a, a Christian or you not. I won't talk to you if you're a smart ass. Oh, either you're a Christian or you're not. Which one is it? I I could be either of them, but I don't have to tell you. You could, you You don't have to tell me. I was under the impression I was invited to talk to a Christian. Am I not talking to a Christian? No, you were invited to.


I think everyone should look at the title of the YouTube channel. You're probably in the wrong YouTube video. You're really quite something. You are, Aren't I? But you're really quite nothing, right? You're not a Christian. Oh yeah, I'm Done with him. Would've been the easiest ever question ever. I mean to answer, are you a Christian? Yes, I'm a Christian, yes. Obviously I should be a Christian if I am producing reports about whether or not saying Christ Is King is fringe and antisemitic. I would hope that I would be a Christian if I was doing rounds on, as he did, doing rounds on the mainstream media, on the Fox News Network and sitting down with Joe Rogan to discuss this.


You know, Christ Is King. To dedicate my time to that it, it seemed so odd, right? Like I think I just felt like it was odd. And I say this again, I don't even, I don't have any ill will towards word abuse. And I would sit down with him tomorrow if, if he sees this sit down. I'd love to talk about this. And I considered what we are looking at. And the picture is now so clear to me that all of this, like that became the litmus test, right? For these people who were so behind this radical effort to make Americans think you cannot question anything. Israel does the ultimate litmus test for that. To make sure that you had Christians in check to make sure that the spirit of Christ would not come over them.


But a Christian would not say, Hey, it actually isn't okay to murder innocent women and children for two years and to justify this. It's, it's unjustifiable. And so what is the last argument Israel uses? We're God's chosen. This was the litmus test of the god's chosen. Okay, do you get what I'm saying here? Like, we are so chosen that when it defies common sense, when it is so obviously wrong, so obviously murderous, so obviously a moral immoral and, and a moral and, and it is so obvious, obviously demonic. What we're gonna throw at you is, well we're God's chosen And so we need good little Christians to get in line.


And the best way to test that is to tell them that, you know, antisemitism is so crazy And so out of control leading up to this Iran war, which is unjustifiable and is murderous, is awful and is demonic that even saying Christ Is King? Oh, you guys can say it. No, we're we're good with that, it's fine. But you can admit that sometimes that could be a little fringe. Again, I look at that trying to declare that as a form of the dark tech trad or whatever it was. The, the dark tr triad and psychopaths who are occupying the fringes are taking over to obtain power. I now look at that in retrospect and recognize that no, it was psychopaths that were trying to obtain power and were going through this ridiculous route to do it.


And they were looking at Christians for a reason. Because If you are a real Christian, you cannot justify what is happening in Gaza. You can't, you know, you can't, you cannot justify giving this nation a carte blanche to NX as they're about to do in the West Bank at the behest of Miriam Adelson for them to rape soldiers, not even to rape soldiers, to rape detainees who they say they can hold onto forever. You cannot consistently keep justifying what Israel has done and is doing. And that is what overcame me.


It it is obviously the spirit of Christ to understand that this, you, you can't keep doing this. You can't murder children and put it in a box and say that that's what God wants. That's just stupid beyond anything else. That's stupid. Okay? So spare me your theology. Give me your common sense. That's dumb. It is dumb to suggest that murdering children is what God wants and that's what they've been doing. And they needed good little Christians to get in line. So they need to figure out which ones wouldn't. And he long came. Candace Owens. Oh my gosh. We'll, Hava do a report and then the other Christians will see they shouldn't declare. Christ Is King. Christ Is King, buddy. We're saying it now. We're saying it forever.


And we see what you're doing because all of these people were also aligned with radical Zionism. And it's always been radical. The irony that they say people in Iran are fanatical, right? Oh my gosh guys, you understand? This is how scary these Islamists can get. It's fanatic. The faith is fanatic at the same time justifying Zionism, which is at its core in ideology that says that because we're God's chosen, we can murder and take and steal whatever we want it at the same time says the United Nations gave us this land, but also ignore the United Nations and the ICC because they now think that we're murderous and crazy. It's, the logic is just, it's unbelievable.


It's all over the place. They can't streamline it. 'cause none of it makes sense. Yesterday, Israel has a right to defend itself today, Iran doesn't have a right to defend itself 'cause it's a preemptive strike. So they have a right to both strike and to defend themselves. And nobody can do anything unless risk being called an antisemite. I'm done with that. I'd like to wrap that party up. And by the way, I wanna say this to you guys 'cause many of you are waking up and you are perhaps on the same journey that I had been on for the last two years, looking around and going, what is this? Because I used to be a Zionist 'cause I just never understood really what they were doing. I was baptized by, you know, the public school, the, the public school education, which is teaching us nothing but to be brainwashed Hollywood movies, which like I said, made us always feel like no matter what, make sure you defend Jewish people, it could never do anything wrong.


And what really became a turning point for me was recognizing I didn't even know the beginning of the 1948 story, I had assumed that the world would have been moral enough so as even if the United Nations and the UK determined be via the Balfour declaration that hey, you know, war happens and now we're giving this and we're establishing Israel. I had assumed that they would have done that morally, that they would have said, here is the money for the home that you have lived in for thousands of years. The property that you have lived in here is money for that. But you have to go, that's not what happened. I mean, the Bella Hadid story is stunning.


These people came on ships holding up signs about World War II saying, please we're refugees. Let us into your home. And the Palestinians opened their doors to them. This is the story of Muhammad Hadid and Bella Hadid. Yeah, the model Gigi Hadid, he, he was an infant. His mother had just given birth. They allowed these refugees, these polish refugees to live in their homes as refugees because they wanted to help them following a world war. And then one day they came back to their houses and the doors were locked. They came home, the doors were locked, and guns were being held, and they were told, leave right now. Or some soldiers are going to come murder you.


Do you guys understand is just go through that in your head wherever it is that you live right now in the world. Imagine your family has lived on that land for hundreds and hundreds of years, but this has been your home for hundreds of years. And then you say, oh, you know what? The Ukrainian war's happening right now. I feel really bad. I'm gonna allow a Ukrainian to live in my house, maybe here in Tennessee, live in my house. And you allow them and you share with them, and you do this out of the kindness of your heart, right? Because you are being taken over perhaps by the spirit of Christ and charity. And one day you come back to your house and the doors are locked and those refugees that you let in are telling you that If you try to open that door, you are going to die.


That is how the land was given to them. That was a fact. No one can dispute that. There's no, there was no money, there was no trade, there was no conversation. They were effectively hijacked in their own homes. So the entire story of Israel has been immoral, okay? And it has really hinged upon our ignorance. We have all been ignorance. And it's time to stop. Because once you know the truth, now it is your burden to carry. Okay? If you are truly ignorant and you support something as I did back when I was a Zionist, hitting the ground, talking about Israel, tweeting about Israel and how we must support Israel, then that's okay. That, that's going to be acceptable. Because one day we're all going to have to account before our creator. I have to hope that that is going to be acceptable, that it was truly ignorance and I believed that I was doing the right thing.


But you now know this is not the right thing. And If you keep doing that, you keep doing that thing out of fear, right Out of, oh, I don't know, a, a jerk knee reaction because you're scared of being canceled. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna be you when you meet your maker. I wouldn't wanna be you when you have to stand before the Lord and account for what you allowed to take place because those children are dying. They're being burned to death. They're had been carpet bombed. The the, the access to those images, it's at your fingertips. And to the people who really do believe that God's chosen people, rape, murder, destroy, pillage, lie, deceive, blackmail, Jeffrey Epstein, all of our politicians buy, purchase, threaten, manipulate goodness.


You may really want to crack open a Bible If you think that those are the signs of God's chosen. People shoot presidents in broad daylight. Yeah, no, it shouldn't take you a theology course. You just take a, a little bit of common sense to tell you that no, that is not what God's chosen people do. God's chosen people were as it was prophesied Christ was going to come. God's chosen people, it was prophesied. And guess what they did when Christ came, they followed him at the moment that you followed Christ and became a Christian. You didn't become unchosen. Christians are the chosen people because Christians, real Christians, not the ones who have been baptized in the liturgy of the Holocaust and are defending these demonic actions, but the ones who are willing to take being maimed and caricatured and smeared and lied about to say something that is true, which is that we're not pro-life sometime, okay?


We're pro-life all the time. Life is precious and murder is never okay. Yeah, I think that it, it should be abundantly obvious at this moment in time, at this moment in history, who God's chosen actually are. And it ain't the Polish BB net and Yahoo there's ever been to me. Any person that I would say most clearly represents the synagogue of Satan, it would be that man and maybe Rabbi Shmuley, who By the way, they're all in lax lock up now. You know, rabbi Mli, if you're a team rabbi oo, and you think you're on the good side, you may wanna reevaluate your life. And that's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


Before I get to some of your comments, please excuse my rant. I do want to tell you more, remind you about anyone, io for years I have been outspoken about protecting our freedoms online. And that is why I support the Anyone network. If you are connected about, or concerned rather about our three letter agencies, Palantir of a CIA, the Mossad, or the rise of AI warfare, which we discussed yesterday, you should be legitimately concerned about how these technologies can be leveraged against you. I'm for privacy, which I believe is our fundamental rights. We should not be spied upon by anyone. And anyone is the only network that's not compromised and protects you from tracking by splitting your traffic across decentralized servers around the world. So do not fall for that VPN trick where you're likely still getting tracked and logged. The one Hardware is a physical plug and play device that connects directly to your router and creates a private encrypted wifi network in your home for all of your devices. There's no monthly fees, no subscriptions. Do you really wanna be giving all of your data to foreign agencies and corporations? I sure don't. I don't like the way they're talking right now. The time is now for you to buy the one device to keep your data and your privacy and your family safe. You can get yours today@anyone.io and use my code CANDACE for 40% off. But hurry, because this deal is only valid for a limited time. Again, that's anyone do IO with promo code. Candace


also. Lastly, I wanna remind you guys about American Financing because we all know the credit card debt is crushing. American family's gonna get higher when these gas, you know, gas prices are definitely gonna go up. Times of war, especially going to war with Iran. And right now, summertime expenses are making it even worse. Vacations, college tuition, it all is adding up and most people are covering that with credit cards that are charging 20, 30% interest. If you're a homeowner, you do not have to keep living like that. There is a better way. It's not wishful thinking. It's a smart strategic way to get your finances in order with American Financing. These are real people who look at your situation and show you how to use your home's equity to pay off that high interest debt, one low payment, no upfront fees, no gimmicks, just honest help from salary based mortgage consultants. Their customers save an average of $800 a month. You can imagine what you could be doing with that money for your family. And If you start today, you might be able to delay your next two mortgage payments, giving you instant breathing rooms. So don't wait any longer. Just call American Financing today. That number is 7 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 8 7 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing net slash Owens.


Okay, I would love to see your comments. Let's see what you guys have to say today. And we have first the former Democrat. She writes, I did not vote for this going to war with Iran. Will irretrievably fracture the Republican Party? Most of us conservatives will stay home during midterms. And 2028, president Trump, please do not become Israel's, B-I-T-C-H. Well said, Jake Johnson writes, we're not falling for the same lives. That got us into Iraq again. Trump was elected to end wars. This is a betrayal. Yes, of course it is. And it's, the reality is Israel has never had the bodies or the money to defend themselves.


So this whole Israel's right to defend itself. It's never itself, it's all America and all the other nations have to rise up to defend Israel. And that's usually because of a very intricate system of blackmail that they employ. And when you can't ask questions about Jeffrey Epstein or JFK files and all that, it's like, this is a nonsense. Guys, come on in coherent rights. Candace, we appreciate you sticking with truth no matter who says it. We all voted for Trump here, but he isn't perfect and omnipotent. It is our duty to keep him honest. Yes, of course. And anyone telling you otherwise, please stop listening to them. Like please stop listening to someone who is telling you that you don't have to be upset about the fact that you voted for someone because they said they were gonna do something and then they didn't do it.


Like it doesn't matter. Like he's just, he decides what what it is at any moment of any day. Like that's insane. That is, that is crazy talk Rick Don writes, we told y'all about Trump, you guys were blind. Stop trying to own the Dems and wake up to the fact that both sides play us Trump's play here, for example, his crypto coin, his cell phone, the Gaza plans could be seen a mile away. I don't know who we are that told y'all about Trump and who was blind, I think I don't regret voting for him because between him and Kamala, I felt that he was the stronger option and it is our duty to vote. But I I did not, like I said, I did not foresee him playing us this quickly despite taking money from Miriam Adelson, which was a major indication.


And of course him also visiting the grave of Schneerson, who was a radical messianic Zionist, who believes that the vision is Messianic for Israel. And by the way, I wanna say take a pause here to say it's alarming that Trump is sharing this because he can't justify what he's doing. He can't justify why there are American planes in the Iranian skies. So he's sharing, and I think this is a marker of his own insecurity about what he is doing. A, a message that he received from Mike Huckabee, who is a, the ambassador to Israel, former Senator Mike Huckabee, ambassador to Israel, who sent Trump this message.


He writes, Mr. President and Trump shared this, by the way, Mr. President God spared you in Butler, Pennsylvania to be the most consequential president in a century, maybe ever. The decisions on your shoulders, I would not want to be made by anyone else. You have many voices speaking to you, sir, but there was only one voice that matters. His voice. I am your appointed servant in this, in this land. He's in Israel and I'm available for you. But I do not try to get in your presence often because I trust your instincts. No president in my lifetime has been in a position like yours, not since Truman in 1945. I don't reach out to persuade you, only to encourage you. I believe you will hear from heaven. And that voice is far more important than mine or anyone else's.


You sent me to Israel to be your eyes, ears, and voice, and to make sure our flag flies above our embassy. My job is to be the last one to leave. I will not abandon this post. Our flag will not come down. You did not seek this moment, this moment sought you. It is my honor to serve you. Mike Huckabee, generally speaking, a nice message from Mike Huckabee. But the implication there is that like, you know, this is God's design, Trump. So just do what you wanna do and ignore everything because God wants you to be doing this. And it troubles me because this has essentially been the long lasting Israeli argument that this is all messianic. That this is just how it's going to be. And this is, this is what God wants, destruction, death American, the death of Americans also that Israel can imperialize and, and get more power over the world.


And that is not something that makes sense. And if Trump is tweeting this as like, oh, well yeah, God's gonna speak to me. No, I don't, I don't think that God told you to send American planes to Iran. I don't think So. I think Miriam Adelson's a hundred million dollars told you to do that. But what do I know? I I I'm taking a guess here. I don, I I don't, I don't think you had a vision about it. No. I don't know if the last time, last time that you've been to church, last time you've attended Mass, I could bet that given the fact that there are so many Zionists in your cabinet, that you've attended a lot of those meetings given your, your speak about what you could do with the Gaza property while these children are still starving.


I don't know that that would be my guess, but we'll see. Maybe I'm wrong. I'm happy to be proven wrong. I've been wrong before LG 19 rights. Serious question. Will there be jobs or community military members can join when I get a dishonorable discharge for not contributing to delete people or my body for the interests of a certain foreign nation benefit? I love this question. I do believe that if war in Iran is on the agenda and that appears so get dishonorably discharged. Who cares? Who cares? Why should you go die in a foreign land? You now have the benefit of 2020. You can see, think about those men and those women who died because they were pitched that they were serving their country because there were weapons of mass destruction, right?


They were serving their country because the Taliban, they were serving their country, whatever. And these people gave up their lives and ask yourselves for what? And the answer to that question is for the elites. They're like toy soldiers. And I would've said a few weeks ago that Trump would never do that to you. He would never just throw you into an Israeli war. But right now, our, our planes are flying in the sky and things are going nuclear. So I don't, I don't have that confidence anymore. And I'm comfortable with people being dishonorably discharged because the dishonor has come from our politicians. The dishonor has come from our politicians who routinely lie in our faces and are willing to let us die to serve their financial interests.


So why don't they dishonorably discharge themselves from public office? That works for me. And I think a great place for you guys to go into would be into security. There are a lot of security firms that are popping up all over. I'm certainly a person that needs security all the time. And I think that's the way, start establishing your own security companies and, and all other jobs. I mean, you, you guys are the Braun. You know what I mean? And there's no question that America is never out of jobs for people who are willing to actually use their bodies. We need you guys, and I, I would totally respect a dishonorable discharge at this moment because you shouldn't die for BB net and Yahoo's Messianic vision.


Dre Hardin writes CANDACE and Thomas Massey 2028. I always say if Thomas Massey runs, I will run beneath him. And after him and around him, he is one of the very few Americans that has not sold out the American people, which is why he is catching heat from Trump. And yeah, I agree with that. I don't know if something happens when you get to, to DC and suddenly you just become a prostitute for money and lobbying interests. But somehow, some way Thomas Massey has been able to withstand that sort of peer pressure despite Apex spending money to go after him and people attacking him online, IDF literal bots again, how much evidence. Can we ignore?


We have showed you clips of them saying that they engaged in the, in, in the information war, training people to edit Wikipedia so that it favors their Zionist vision. This is deception. This is lies. This is the synagogue of Satan. You cannot deal in lies and deception and be God's chosen people. Duh. And stop listening to podcasters that tell you otherwise because they are a part of an infiltration. There's no question in my mind that they're a part of an infiltration. Anyways, I got to stop ranting at you guys today. There's so much more of it. I could say I am team Tucker if I didn't make that clear. I am team Tucker. I am Team America, America first, and I disagree with Trump's assessment that he gets to decide whatever America first is.


So I said I was gonna go, but actually I'm gonna show you this Trump tweet because it was actually pretty stunning and, and really shows you where his mind's at. That he believes that he gets to dictate what is and is not America first take. If you pull up that tweet, Skyler, sorry, I, everyone's always in the comments like, poor Skyler, Skyler, Skyler. Get the tweet. It's like that, that movie Mom, where's Lasagna? Donald Trump tweeted, America First means many great things, including the fact that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. Make America great again. You can copy and paste this and this could be anyone's argument, it could be Obama's argument, it could be George Bush's argument, George Bush Jr's argument. You know, we're all America first just means whatever I say it means, it means that we, despite no evidence of them having a nuke, we've gotta go and die because they could potentially, someday maybe have a nuke.


Yeah, we are gonna go to war with China. Yeah, that's still America first, because it also means that, you know, China shouldn't be doing better than us in in the free markets, whatever it is. We're just gonna keep saying that we're just gonna keep calling everything that we wanna do America first. No, this is not America First War is not America first, never ending war, and the never ending excuses for why we have to go to war is not America first. And you know that. You know that. So don't say silly things, please. You can't just say stuff Trump. You can't just say stuff and ex expect us to accept it. I don't accept that. I want real America first, and that term belongs to any person that is willing to execute on that.


And unfortunately, it does not seem that you are that individual anymore. I hope I'm wrong. We'll see you guys tomorrow.