0 (1s):
Wow, wow, wow. ladies and gentlemen, this is insane I mean, talk about just blowing up the Saturday. Insane. I can't believe this is happening so much to say. Obviously we are still learning information. you know why you're in this chat. You understand why you're watching live. We just understand that Trump has survived an assassination attempt, terrifying for so many reasons. Most of all, terrifying because so many of us feared this. We feared this was going to happen and we were poo-pooed your conspiracy theorist. What are you talking about? I kid you not, I kid you not. When I say that, I just did an interview, I think it was Russell Brand, and I was asked, who do you want to be the VP if for Donald Trump? and I said, I want him to pick somebody that is so America first that they won't bother assassinating him.

0 (43s):
And I said I know that sounds a conspiracy theory, but I believe epi bad deep state is this desperate to get rid of him. And I'm fearful that If, you pick someone like a Nikki Haley, he'll just kill him. That's what I actually said. I actually said to this during an interview, I think it was Russell Bra, it may have been someone else. I've been doing so many interviews lately, but this is what we feared. And again, we were called conspiracy theorists for believing this because you know, some people are still living within this illusion that everything is totally normal in America. And really Trump guy, bad orange man, bad, everybody else is just crazy and becoming a conspiracy theorist. No, we are not crazy. We are not becoming a conspiracy theorist. We are recognizing reality. And the reality is, is they want him gone. They want him gone. They want Donald Trump gone. You guys, First and foremost, I just wanna show you some of these pictures.

0 (1m 24s):
Obviously a lot of this is going to be not as perfect as our show normally is put together because we're pulling this stuff in as quickly as we can. First off, this photo just won the election. All all jokes aside, I saw this and I can't even describe how I felt looking at this. Look at this man right here, bloodied, just having had his ear grazed, by the way, in case you're missing the details at a Pennsylvania rally, okay? He's at a rally shot. Start ringing out Trump, you can see, and we're gonna show you this video right now. My editor just joined us. Trump didn't really know what was going on. We're gonna have that video for you shortly. And then he goes, you know, stop, stop, stop. After he gets shot, grazed in the ear and he just puts his fist up like that with the American, look at this photo.

0 (2m 9s):
Tell me, tell, take my money. Trump, take all my votes. Trump take whatever. Take my house. Trump, okay? Because I'm voting for that man right there. Unbelievable. In a moment where he didn't know. 'cause you can't even imagine, right? You imagine yourself getting shot, you imagine the adrenaline of recognizing, and you've got blood coming out of your ear. And this man comes to his senses and realizes that he's gotta be the bravest person in the room. And he just pumps his fist. He just pumps his fist. And somebody, whoever captured that photo, my goodness, take every photography award. Seriously. Now, I'm not even saying this, not to make this as a, a severe conversation or a severe topic. Obviously it is. But this is tremendous. I think this so embodies the Donald J. Trump that we know and that we love a person that will fight for America.

0 (2m 54s):
When America is under attack. Now we're talking about an individual that is fighting for America. That image says so much when they say a picture is worth a thousand words, that is what they are talking about. And when we have that video, Chris, you let me know we're gonna run it so you can actually hear him say this and you're gonna, he just goes, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait. In all the craziness, I'm gonna be the strong one for this country. And he puts his fist up. and I think that that is absolutely incredible. So ladies and gentlemen, First and foremost, let me give you some details about what went down. Say I'm, I'm getting this information minute to minute if we learn something else, obviously we will update it. We won't know more until time passes. So what we have here is it says that he was rushed off stage, obviously. Again, we'll show you that video by Secret Service in Butler, Pennsylvania.

0 (3m 35s):
He was giving his speech gunfire appeared to break out shortly after Trump began speaking on Saturday evening. The former president had just begun to fire up the crowd when as many as five shots were down or were heard, pardon? And he went down surrounded by secret service agents and then the worst president in the history of our country took over. This is what Trump was saying. Again, we're gonna show you that video and Look what happened to our country. This is what he was saying right before the gunfire ran out. And you can see when we show you this video that he, there's this moment of confusion because I'm sure the last thing he thought was maybe he thought it was gonna be a protest or maybe somebody got a gun. You don't think someone's actually going to take an attempt on your life and thank God, seriously, praise God that this person obviously did not have a good shot.

0 (4m 24s):
Maybe somebody intervened. Who knows? Maybe somebody saw the person pull the gun and they jumped on him. But this person missed. And the, the crowd, and I'm, I'm praying, we obviously, we, we need to wait and see if there's more information. We are all praying that everybody that was around, whoever this was, that shot is safe. We have to actually pray for their safety. I mean you can't imagine how frantic of a scene that must have been when you think you're here to hear the President speak only and then suddenly you realize somebody is taking an attempt on his life that is very, very scary indeed. Now, he, he has already released a statement. Britt, did you have that statement? Do you wanna pull that up for me? I wanna make sure I can read that. Lemme just open this really quickly because we're getting this minute to minute. But Donald Trump has already released a statement.

0 (5m 5s):
And the first thing that he did in it, which is the most Trump thing could possibly do, is he thanked the police officers in security and the first responders, which is unbelievably Trumpian, I guess is the best thing to say. He's not even thinking about himself. The first person that he, that he thanks, is the people that kept him alive. And he recognizes that those are the, the brave people that are around him, the Secret service agents that are around him and the first responders. And hopefully all that was grazed was his ear. Hold on one second guys, I'm just trying to pull up this, this photo here. 'cause I wanna see if we can get that for you. Chris, how are we doing on that video? Got the video. You got the video? Okay, let's actually go to this video that I'm gonna show you of what Trump did in the second following him having been shot at.

0 (5m 48s):
Take a look at this guys.

1 (5m 50s):
Wait, wait, wait.

0 (6m 1s):
Unbelievable again, unbelievable. He's like, wait, wait, wait. Actually, I realize this don don't like he, he could have been shot in the chest. I mean in that confusion. There's no way he knew what was going on other than knowing that he had blood dripping down him. And he paused to take a stand there and show people that he was still strong All, right? So we have people that are tweeting on Twitter about this. His communications director, Donald, Donald Trump's communications director, his name is Steven Chung. He said, president Trump, thanks law enforcement and first responders for their quick action taken during this heinous act. He is fine and is he is being checked out at a local medical facility. More details will follow. So right away we know that he's, he's okay, which should make everybody feel grateful.

0 (6m 45s):
Obviously God was with him because this could have been a, a terrifying situation. And now you just think, where do you go from here? Where, where do we actually go from here as a country? Well, what's likely going to happen is what always happens when something crazy goes down in this country. They're going to find the individual that did this. And then probably the left after saying, you know, we're glad Trump is okay. But see, If, you can pull some messages like, like what's a OC saying on Twitter? What's Hillary Clinton saying on Twitter? First of all, first off, where is Hillary Clinton? Because come on, okay, we just need to make sure we know where Hillary Clinton is, but they're gonna, they're gonna do their usual bit and then talk about gun control. And someone's gonna make an off-color joke about it, and we're gonna be understandably upset as we should be.

0 (7m 25s):
But we should expect this from a left. We should expect very little compassion and just an opportunity for them to, well, maybe of course we're, we're glad he's okay, but maybe if they would give us all their guns, then this situation wouldn't have happened. But in reality, what I think is, is the, the bigger question that we're all asking ourselves is, who did this? Okay, who did this? and I don't know that we're ever going to get a clear answer on this. And what I'm tired of is not getting a full picture of what's happened in any of these events, right? So they're gonna say, somebody was crazy, somebody did this, this person did this, and then it's, it's just going to be pushed away. But there there something here that feels more sinister to me.

0 (8m 7s):
Right? and I hate to be the person that gets conspiratorial here, but considering that it was the conspiracy theorist that were worried that something like this might happen, who's driving this at this event? Like who is, who is this individual? What are we gonna learn about this individual? Who do you guys think is going to be behind this assassination attempt of Trump? I'm looking at you guys. I'm, I'm gonna jump into the tra into the chat right here. This person says Candace, do you think the ccia is involved? Well, what I will say is if the CIA is involved, we're not gonna find out because every time they are involved, they basically virtually sweep us up under the rug. I mean, like I said, for those of you who have read that book Chaos, that I am demanding everybody read because it goes into the sixties and it goes into the MK Ultra program and it tells you about the COINTEL Pro program.

0 (8m 54s):
And it also tells you that that movie that we all watched and thought that it was just a movie, the Denzel Washington URI candidate. No, that was real. Okay, this actually happened. The CIA was establishing URI candidates, people that were essentially driven crazy given trigger words so that they would go and shoot somebody and kill somebody. But in reality, these people were being trained assassins not even knowing they were being trained assassins since, because of psychological programs that the CCIA A was running in the sixties. That's a reality that we have to face. Okay? So while everyone else is gonna be all buttoned up, and if you're watching Fox Susan c we're waiting for official information, who's giving you that official information?

0 (9m 34s):
Is it the same people that are trying to kill him? Is it the same people that have been using increasing rhetoric that might inspire other people to want to kill him? 'cause I'd rather not wait for the official information. Okay? I would like to understand what's actually happening. So yes, to answer your question, I have concerns. I have concerns that when, which I think are completely understandable and justifiable when we are leading up to an election and all of America is fearful, fearful that something might happen to Trump because they hate him in a way that I have never seen, ever seen hatred towards this one individual like never before. And we know what the reason is because Trump is not in their club. Okay? It's, let's just, let's just face it.

0 (10m 16s):
Democracy is an illusion. They've been picking presidents for how no who, who knows how long. And Trump came along and they didn't think twice about it. They thought there's no way this, this man's going to win. The full media was against him. And some bat, somehow he got through, he beat Hillary Clinton. It shocked them. The establishment did not win the 2016 election. So what did they do? Well in 2020 they rigged the game. I mean, this is something Don Lemon asked me the other day. Oh, do you think the 2020 election was rigged Candace? Do you think the 20 Yes. Yes. Check. Oh, what do you feel about people calling you a conspiracy theorist? I don't care if you're calling me a conspiracy theorist. I literally don't care because I know the origins of that term.

0 (10m 55s):
When it entered the American lexicon, it was created by the CIA to distract us from understanding that they are in control of a lot of things that are happening in our country. Then he says to me, look, Canice, do you think that our government had something to do with JFK shooting? Yes. That's pretty, that's pretty obvious because if you're gonna make me believe that our government would lock down the files And, there wouldn't be a manhunt. And all the information given to the American public in the same way that they did for grandmas that were walking the capitol, they locked down the files. No, we don't want any, any of your help trying to figure out who shot JFK, the Catholic president. But yeah, the grandma's walking into the capitol on January 6th. We want all the files who putting up things I've never seen in DC pick people's pictures.

0 (11m 38s):
Can you help us find this person? This person is a suspect for walking in the Capitol building like they were walking through a museum. Seriously. That, that like, that actually happened. But no. And the JFK thought they just, they just wanted to button it down. Warren and commission report. That's it. Everybody move on with your life sitting president shot. Don't worry about it. And then what did they do? A couple years ago? They declassified and said, oh, we, we, we think, we think Russia did it. Oh, oh, you think Russia did it? Oh, okay, so Russia shot is sitting president and we didn't go to war. We didn't go to war. They took out a lead and we didn't go to war at that time and said, you locked down the files for decades. Yeah, you can miss me with this bs I'm so tired of it. I am so tired of people lying. I am so tired of people being fearful.

0 (12m 20s):
I am so tired of us not having an honest conversation about how corrupt this country is. We shouldn't even talk about how corrupt the country is. We're talking about how long this country has been corrupt. You guys, you just let me know if we have any more videos that we can show because there's a second video I'd like you to pull Chris, of actually when the shots were being fired and you can see his ear get grazed. You have it All, right? Great. Let's, it's coming in. Yeah. All, right? It's coming in shortly guys. We're gonna show you that video. You, you have to see this and let's go back and just show the video that you just showed again. 'cause we have so many people jumping on right now. We've got, we're we're over 20 K live watching. And for those who have just joined, we're gonna again watch that video of what Trump did immediately after having been shot Grace in his ears, what we're being told, told, take a look.

1 (13m 1s):
Wait, wait, wait,

0 (13m 12s):
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We got this America, we got this America, I'm hearing a live update right now. My, my sister who is here is telling me that they're saying that they believe that the shooter may be shot. So here is just some up to the date, some up to the date minute. It says the Butler County district attorney has said the shooter is dead. Former president Donald Trump was grazed by gunfire during Saturday's rally in Pennsylvania. The Butler County district attorney, Richard Goldener was told, told Washington Post reporter that the person who fired the shots is dead. That is according to gold dinger. And again, that is the Butler County District Attorney. Okay? So likely story, we're gonna find out nothing.

0 (13m 52s):
That's what that means. So if that is in fact the truth, if that the shooter is dead, this is kind of like the whole JFK thing, you know? Oh, this guy definitely did it. He definitely did it. But then the, there was a person that shot the guy who shot the guy. And then we hear nothing else. All we then get is Operation Mockingbird. Right? And a bunch of journalists telling us that, If, you have any other questions? You're a crazy person. So that's it. We button this up if this information is correct, now they get to write the story that they wanna write. They get to say, oh, we found his Facebook page, which has been pulled down so you guys can't crawl through it. They've already PrepU down. They're actually, right now they're pulling down all the social media pages. 'cause they don't want you guys doing any journalism.

0 (14m 33s):
No, no, no, no. Let us trust us people that have lied to about everything. Trust us. When we now tell you the narrative of what happened to this individual, well this individual, he was, he was likely a Trump supporter, right? A Trump supporter. He probably loved the Second Amendment and that is why this happened. And then yep, that's what they're, that's what they're gonna do. They're gonna sell us a story. And then when people begin poking holes and ask, asking questions and they virtually delete this in person, this person's entire life of a social media, they're going to gaslight us and they're going to call us crazy. I find this to be unacceptable. Giving you some comments. We are, we are getting some, what's that? Check your

2 (15m 9s):
Text.

0 (15m 10s):
Yep.

2 (15m 10s):
One source

0 (15m 12s):
Identifying, okay, we have one source that is identifying the shooter First. and foremost, I'll just cut here and tell you what Gavin Newsom has said. He has posted in a post on X that violence has no place in our democracy. My thoughts are with Trump. And everyone impacted at the rally today. He wrote, okay, that is the correct thing to write. First, let's see what he's gonna be saying tomorrow. They are saying that Trump was not hit by a bullet, rather a bullet hit his teleprompter, thankfully. And the glass struck him by the ear. We're also told two people at the rally were hit by gunfire. Goodness, let's pray for them. Seriously. Gosh. And they're in the hospital. My goodness, that is awful. That is just an awful update. I, I can't even imagine I mean to, to just think that you can't go to a rally to support your president without being put in a situation like that is awful.

0 (15m 59s):
Genuinely. You guys pray for those individuals who don't know their names, but pray for them tonight. We do not know their condition is what is being reported. Sources say the shooter was taken down by the Secret Service. Okay? What we have next is that, oh gosh, another update, an audience member was killed. So one of the two individuals lost their life. Again, we are getting these reports live. This is awful, awful. And a a second person is in serious condition. This is unimaginable, this is Genuinely unimaginable that this would happen. and I, I I I just have no words. Goodness. Pray for their families. It's as soon as we get names, guys, we, we will let you know so that you can offer their prayers. If, if we can hear anything more about them tonight while we were alive.

0 (16m 42s):
What did you say, mark?

2 (16m 44s):
There was one person releasing a

0 (16m 48s):
Name. Okay? We are, one person is releasing a name. Could you just throw me what that is? Throw me what that name is. don don't wanna obviously put it out there. I'm gonna take a look at this guy just to see what we've got going on here. Okay. So Tommy Robinson is releasing a person's name. So he's someone that is well-known. I am going to say what, what Tommy wrote about this person rather than saying the person's name, the reports are that this person is blank. A well-known Antifa extremist, he reportedly uploaded a video on YouTube before the attack titled Justice was Coming. Okay? So I am a person that fully believes that Antifa is being run by our government.

0 (17m 34s):
It's been obvious to me from day one that Antifa is being run by our government because our government has never been able to trace down Antifa. It is very obvious to me that Antifa has being run like any other communist cell that you have seen all across human history. And the fact that our state refuses to prosecute Antifa while they insist on profiting on, on prosecuting actual patriots, right? As we saw during the prosecutions of the very many people who simply went to go hear Trump speak, speak on January 6th. Not even that, the intimidation tactics on January 6th, we saw I had friends who are from Sanford, Connecticut who didn't even go into the Capitol building and had FBI show up at their door because they were caught on surveillance photo at the rally.

0 (18m 19s):
Okay? That's how organized our state can be when it wants to be. When Antifa no, forget it. No, no, no, no. In fact, Antifa gets away with everything. The only time I've ever seen these individuals who mask up and their faces, they're never pursued by the state. These people have been able to burn down entire cities and not be pursued by the state. And even when they do get caught burning down a state, as was the case with in New York City, there was an individual who threw a Molotov cocktail into a police cruiser and ended up being a Yale graduate. They were released, released back into the public So I am very much not comfortable with the idea. Again, guys, if you're just joining, we are learning that the person who did this, and again, this is being alleged by Tommy Robinson, is a well-known Antifa extremist, who reportedly uploaded a video on YouTube before the attack titled Justice was Coming.

0 (19m 13s):
And again, what will they say? They'll say that we're all conspiracy theorists. Well, we're conspiracy theorists for, for knowing that Antifa never gets prosecuted. Therefore, clearly Antifa has some sort of an agreement with our government who wants, in my view point and I, think If, you put up a lot of Americans, the deep state wants Donald Trump dead. They want him dead before they would ever allow him to go back into the White House. and I don don't know why that is. don don't know why it is that they feel this way about him. I mean they have not let up going after this man. And this man's family from the moment he came down the escalator, there has not even been a day break from the moment this man came down the escalator.

0 (19m 57s):
They have not let up. And now we are seeing how extreme they're willing to become. Right? They changed laws to go after this man. Eugene Carroll changed an entire New York City law, right? This, this sort of aged out, this, this case should not have been brought at all. And they said, you know what? Actually you could bring a case in 20 years ago. Oh, you don't even need evidence. Oh, are you asking for 10 million? How, what do we give you? 800 million? We just wanna bankrupt this guy. This is what is actually happening in the United States of America. While you still have commentators, these people that are, in my view, utterly feckless, that are trying to tell you that we are the conspiracy theorists, we're the conspiracy theorists.

0 (20m 39s):
Oh my God, everything around us, we radically changed the election in 2020 for an invisible virus. If, you have no symptoms, you're still sick, stay at home, mask up, save lives. Oh, everyone's gonna get a mail-in ballot. Do you think that there was some sort of an intervention in the two? You think the election was stolen? These are their psychological tactics. They keep gaslighting us. Okay? Because psychology has always been the name of the game in this country. And so right now they're already thinking about how they're going to sell to the public. That what happened was just a random Antifa person, Antifa, nothing to do with the government. Now of course, this person just got out of hand.

0 (21m 21s):
Lemme tell you guys something right now. You need to study real history, not what you are learning in a textbook, because everything, okay? Virtually everything that you are learning in the textbooks at school are lies. That's reality. They are lies. You need to understand how these awful ideas that are ruining our country were even brought here. They were always terrorists, okay? America inherited a bunch of Bolsheviks that came over. That is, that is a fact following the 1880 or 1881 assassination of the SAR in Russia, okay? Under the guise of pogroms in which obviously there were innocent people that were there, but then there were other people who said, okay, I have a chance to get outta this country.

0 (22m 4s):
And they just came to America and America just kept wanting these psychopaths who had killed aar and then brutally murdered the Romanov family. Years later. There was no process of filtrating between who are the Bolsheviks and who are actually innocent victims. And we allowed them into this country, okay? And they are playing the exact same hand in this country exactly how they did it before they were Pam flier, they were passing out pamphlets. Propaganda, okay? Getting people to want to rage against the state, making people believe that, oh, this is so horrible. So Nicholas, he's absolutely terrible. I think it was Alexander Sossin who wrote in his book, oh, he was so terrible.

0 (22m 45s):
But under his reign, 17 people were put to death. How many millions and millions of people were then killed when social justice was achieved in the gulags? How many Christians were murdered and assassinated when social justice was achieved and the SAR was removed? This is the reality that we are facing in this country. Psychopaths, absolute psychopaths who lie and feel nothing, who murder and feel nothing, okay? Who do little more than right now, they're sending out messages to all their little homies in the media and telling them this is the narrative. Okay? Anything else said is going to be deemed a conspiracy theory. Wake up. Okay? Wake up worlds.

0 (23m 26s):
These aren't conspiracy theories. We're fighting evil people in this country. They just tried to assassinate Donald Trump, but now that person's dead. We're gonna hear no more. We're gonna hear no more about that individual. If what Tommy Robinson is tweeting is true, and if that individual is in fact an Antifa member. Guys, we have a lot of people jumping on right now. I just wanna, I wanna again, show some clips. Chris, you have that first clip in Yeah. Of the shots ringing out. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So let's, let's just show the actual moments where Donald Trump was shot at. Take a look.

3 (23m 58s):
We see something that said, take a look at what happened.

1 (24m 8s):
Doing, doing.

0 (24m 16s):
That's unreal. Unreal, you guys. Let's, let's actually watch that again because there's, there's so much that I wanna take in there. Let's watch that again. Play it again.

3 (24m 25s):
We see something that said, take a look at what happened.

0 (24m 43s):
Listen, I I, I have no words. I have no words. We are, we are losing this country. I am just absolutely sickened not even by what just happened. Not only by what you just saw, but by what I I know is going to follow this, which is dishonest discourse. Dishonest discourse. That's it. Dishonest. Like we are not going to be told the truth about anything as far as we're concerned what happened is already over because now it's just gonna be a massive coverup where we are not going to show anything. What we do know, okay, following the BLM riots is that Antifa is an organized cell that is given permission from our federal government. Okay?

0 (25m 23s):
That's, that's what I'm gonna present as a fact. You can fact check that. Okay? I know, oh, this has not been proven to be true. We evidence, we don't have any evidence to support your claims. Everyone knows what's been happening in this country is organized, okay? Everyone knows it is unacceptable. You have to be a conspiracy theorist to believe that while we caught every grandma on January 6th, we still don't know who dropped off the pipe bombs at the DNC and the RNC headquarters the night before. Okay? You have to be a conspiracy theorist or fully asleep, or high out of your mind to not believe that elements of what is happening in this country is coordinated.

0 (26m 6s):
and that anybody who is telling the truth, anybody, myself included, is at risk. Okay? You can sense their frustration, you can sense the media's frustration because they know that more and more people don't trust them. They know that more and more people are pursuing independent voices because they can look around and see that we are losing this country. That we have very much become a communist country. They're lying about wars. They're lying about what they're doing overseas. We've never been taxed more. We're just, money is going out the door. The inflation is insane. Yet we're being told there's some moral cause, something more moral than our own borders. There was a coordinated effort happening at the border.

0 (26m 46s):
We have fear. I have fear. I'm sure you have fear that they are planning, planning a false flag attack of some sort. Why else are we getting single men from Kazakhstan coming over the border in droves? They, they clearly want a world war and they will do anything to get it. And like I said, study history, actual history, not what you are told, not the garbage that you are taught in school about the things that have happened in this country, about the desperate things that they have done to get what they want, including assassinating prior presidents. You know that what I am telling you is the truth. You feel it, you feel it in your soul. You understand you're looking around you and you know that things are really bad right now.

0 (27m 28s):
And while we are blessed beyond measure, and we should thank God that Trump survived this, they're not gonna stop. They're not going to stop at just this, you guys. What we have right now is former President George W. Bush issued a statement as well. He wrote, Laura and I are grateful that President Trump is safe following the cowardly attack on his life. And we commend the men and women of the Secret Service for their speedy response. Okay? That, that's a, a nice comment. I know if we have anything else that is, that is coming in from other people. We also have this from Senator Chuck Schumer. Schumer. He wrote, I am horrified by what happened at the Trump rally in Pennsylvania and relieved that former President Trump is safe.

0 (28m 13s):
Political violence has no place in our country. Okay? I, I would say I'm nice that everyone's sharing nice words, but these are also people that have very much condoned political violence when it comes to furthering what they want done in this country. Okay? But that's, that's the reality. They're actually okay with political violence as long as they get what they want in the end. And again, going back to my conversation with Don Lemon, he was essentially saying Ashley Babbitt deserved to get what she got on January 6th, but wouldn't say the same for all the police officers who lost their lives throughout the George Floyd riots. Because for them, political violence is a tool to get what they want. And So I, I I am, I am sorry that I do not have the grace or the patience when it comes to people like Senator Chuck Schumer tweeting, pretending that he's not okay with political violence when we know very much they actually are.

0 (29m 8s):
We have Senator Chris Murphy, also Democratic Senator, I think outta Connecticut, who said, we should all condemn what happened today. and I'm hoping for the health of the former president and everyone else at the rally and house Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries said that his thoughts and prayers are with former President Trump. And he expressed thanks for the decisive law enforcement in response. Okay? Again, what else are they gonna actually say? They have to say that I don't believe that these people don't condone political violence. Somebody just commented, I'm just gonna jump to the, into the chat here guys, to see what you guys are saying. They fired the first shot, says one person, no honor, I pray for Trump. Alex Jones predicted this. Yeah, too many people predicted this.

0 (29m 48s):
And by the way, a lot of people did not understand Candace, you're turning your back. Why are you supporting ve Ram Swami? Nobody was listening to what ve Ram Swami was saying at the very beginning of this thing. He, he expressed so clearly what I knew in my heart to be true. He, he said that it was very obvious to him that they had a plan for Trump. That he believed that they were gonna try to make it a two person race between him and Nikki Haley. and that if that had happened, he felt, and this was expressed again by the big Grandma Swami, that they could potentially assassinate President Trump. He actually said that he thought there was always a plan that could have taken place where they could have assassinated Trump and I again, I have been saying that in interviews and I am going I know everyone thinks is a conspiracy theory, but who he picks as his VP matters.

0 (30m 35s):
'cause if his number two is someone that they believe that they can control, whether it's via black male, okay, an Epsteins type of black male, or if it's someone that they believe will be a better option than Trump, they will get rid of him, I hope. Now nobody is thinking that that's a conspiracy theory. I hope these rumors that he is thinking about, you know, potentially tapping Nikki Haley, our complete crap, okay? He needs to tap someone like Thomas Massey. Thomas Massey is someone who cannot be controlled by dollars, who cannot be controlled by lobbying. We need somebody who they would look at and go, actually, that would be a worst option for president. and that is why I, I, I truly now believe with, with what is going right now, I want Thomas Massey to be the vice President of the United States.

0 (31m 17s):
That if that is, that is my number one pick for president of the United States for, for vice president of the United States, is Thomas Massey. Given what is going on right now, because I believe he is the only person in Congress who has shown that, or one of the only people in Congress, I should say, who has exemplified that he will not be controlled and that he doesn't care about being lo about being liked again. This is, this is terrifying. Absolutely terrifying. What do you got for me, Candace?

2 (31m 43s):
We have a or minute video of someone who allegedly witnessed the shooter.

0 (31m 47s):
Okay. React

2 (31m 48s):
To it.

0 (31m 49s):
All right guys, so we, we have a four minute video that's coming in right now of somebody who alleges to have actually seen the shooting. So somebody's on the ground actually witnessed the shooting. Obviously you could see the faces of the people behind and just how confused and shocked they were. And looking at President Trump probably wondering whether or not he was dead once they saw the blood. We have this individual that we're gonna pull in right now. We're, I'm gonna be watching this with you guys live. Let's see what this individual says happened.

4 (32m 19s):
I was someone who was here. You weren't inside the event. Nope. But you were just outside. Tell us what you saw. And so, so we had a party here all day at the, you can see behind us at the, the Briles farm and greenhouse here. We had a party and we all decided, hey, you know when, when we hear Trump up there, we're gonna walk up through the field, stand by the trees up there under the shade. Yeah. And watch the, and listen to the rally, right? We couldn't see 'em, but we could hear 'em. So we walked up and probably five to seven minutes of Trump speaking. I'm estimating here, I have no idea, you know, but we noticed the guy crawling arm, you know, bear crawling up the roof of the building beside us.

4 (33m 5s):
Bear crawling 50 feet away from us. So we're standing there and you know, we're pointing, we're pointing at the guy crawling up the roof. And he had a gun, right? He had a rifle. The rifle. we can clearly see him with a rifle. Absolutely. We're pointing at him. The police are down there, running around on the ground. We're like, Hey man, there guy on the roof with a rifle. And the police were like, huh? What? you know, like, like they didn't know what was going on. You know. We're like, hey, right here on the roof, we can see him from right here. We see him. You know he's, he's crawling. And next thing you know, I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, why is Trump still speaking? Why have they not pulled him off the stage? I'm standing there pointing at him. This is crazy. From, you know, two, three minutes.

4 (33m 45s):
Secret Service is looking at us from the top of the barn. I'm pointing at that roof, just standing it like this. And next thing you know, five shots ring out. So no, you, you are certain that the shots came from that guy on the road. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And he, he was up there for a couple of minutes. He was up there you four and up there for a couple of minutes. Absolutely. At least three to four minutes. And you were telling Yep, the police in the Secret Service. We were telling the police, we were pointing at him for the Secret Service who were looking at us from the top of the barn. They were looking at us the whole time and we were standing by that tree. Could they see binoculars? Could they see it? Probably not because the roof, the way that the slope went, he was behind where they could see. But, but why is there not secret service on all of these roofs here?

4 (34m 27s):
I mean this is not a big place. Did you see I mean? Obviously don don't like this. Everyone, this is crazy. Started Everyone was very panicked. Did you see what happened to him at all? Oh yeah, they blew his head off. Okay. Sorry. Secret service blew his head off. Okay. Just be careful 'cause we don't even quite know who's watching. But you, you're pretty sure they, they, they shot the guy. Absolutely. A hundred percent. Okay. Yep. You saw that happened? Yep. Yep. Okay. Yep. And did you see them go up to him afterwards or they Yeah, they crawled up on the roof. They had their guns pointed at him, make sure he was dead. He was dead and that was it. It was over. That's incredibly shuffled. The guy was on the roof right there. You could see the white roof right there. Did you get a look at him? Could you?

4 (35m 7s):
I I, no, other than he was in muted colors, tan type clothing. I, we saw the rifle flinging around as he was trying to crawl. No I mean we saw the rifle a hundred percent. Do I mean, do you know about guns? Do you know what kind of weapon it was? Oh, I absolutely know about guns for sure. No I mean it was a rifle of some sort. I wouldn't know. you know, I wasn't close enough to read the label on it. But you're not sure. But to you it was a rifle of some sort. Yeah, absolutely. So what do you, how do you process what you've just seen? I, I don't know what to say, man. All I'll tell you is, you know, if I, if I walked up close to there with anything that can, secret servers considered a, a, a problem.

4 (35m 51s):
I wouldn't be standing here talking to you right now. But I don't know why a guy who we're standing there pointing now to police and Secret Service is crawling up the roof. Were you outside the security permit? Yes. We're right there by that tree. We were outside the security permit. But my question is, there's only a few buildings around here. Why is Secret Service not on every building here? There's a whole bunch of questions. I think

0 (36m 16s):
It feels wrong. There's

4 (36m 17s):
A whole bunch of questions. Woman with the Trump party, with the horse. Yes. She was right in front of me. She kept going back and forth right in front of me. Yes. Tell us about her I. mean nice horse, nice lady running with a flag. Seemed very, you know, patriotic. But what, what's, what's the significance of her? No, she's just a, he asked me if I saw a horse. Okay,

0 (36m 43s):
You gotta be kidding me. You have got to be kidding me. Let me say something right now. Take this to the bank. Okay? That person was allowed to scale that roof, okay? I am not some individual who's trying to assess situation and have never been around the president of the United States while Trump was in office. Okay? I have was around him a lot, a lot. And let me tell you something, the secret s there is no person that can get around the perimeter of the Secret Service where, where Donald Trump is without them being aware of it. I am not kidding when I say that. My husband once almost got shocked by the Secret Service because he came down a staircase, I was speaking at the N-R-A-N-R-A and he snaked in and came down.

0 (37m 29s):
They didn't know who he was and they were like, freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze. Like we will shoot you right now. So you're telling me that guy walked up and was trying to get the attention, the Secret Service saw him and he's pointing and he's saying, this guy's got a gun, this guy's got a gun. And they're pretending they don't know what's going on. I mean am am I crazy? Do you guys actually believe this was a failure in intelligence? All of these Secret Service agents crawling around and you don't think just what that guy said said that is common sense. Okay? They're trying to now tell us that common sense is a conspiracy. That is the new thing that they're trying to, inside the public common sense is a conspiracy. You are telling me this guy was able to walk up with a rifle in his hand and scale a roof and you don't think the Secret Service.

0 (38m 14s):
And lemme tell you, they get there days before. Lemme tell you how a security apparatus is supposed to run days before they get in and they look at every possible angle in which somebody could hurt the president. Okay? and I'm not even talking about once you get to the Secret Service, I'm talking about If. you just have security in general before you speak. They will go, Hey, this is the stage. Okay? Lemme tell you that right there is a problem. They'll mark that as a spot. That right there is a problem. That part. We need to know who this person is. They'll knock on doors, okay? They gotta figure out every possible angle that any individual could potentially get on a roof. Because you know what? This has happened in the past. People have been shot from roofs, people have been shot from windows.

0 (38m 54s):
There was a 0% chance that some random person with a rifle was able to scale a roof unless there was just an unbelievable failure intelligence. And you wanna know why? It's unbelievable. 'cause don don't have believe it. I don't believe it. I want the names of the Secret Service agents that allowed this remarkable security failure to go down because I don't, I don't believe this. I'm done with this. I don't believe this. Not for one second, having been around the president, having literally almost watched my husband get shot because he came down the wrong set of stairs at the NRA, screaming at him, screaming at him.

0 (39m 40s):
And I'm literally, I jump in front of the swimming like, don't shoot him. That's my husband. And you're telling me they this, they knew he was gonna speak and they weren't worried about the roofs. A roof with an angle to shoot the present. This guy says 50 yards away. He watched this and this wasn't like he scaled it silently. That guy looks incredulous because he knows it is incredulous. Okay? He's going, they're asking, well, what do you mean? Did you tell Yeah, I told them, I'm sitting here going like this. Right here, right here, someone, it has a rifle on a roof. This man was allowed like time to set up.

0 (40m 21s):
Do you understand what that witness is telling us right there? Now he's dead. Well then, then suddenly then they snapped back into life guys. And they just took him out. They blew his head off. Nothing to see here, guys. He missed his shot. And he is an Antifa person. Antifa has nothing to do with the state. Let me ask you something. World, do you buy this shit? You know? Do you buy it? Do you buy it? Because If you, if you're buying this, I'm about to sell you guys all sorts of stuff. If, you're buying this narrative that's coming out slowly. I'm, I'm I mean I'm a Nigerian prince. Answer my emails. Send me a million dollars. Gimme your credit card digits, because I'm not buying this.

0 (41m 2s):
I am not buying this because I know better. I know better because I have been around the president of the United States when he was sitting president of the United States. I know how the Secure Secret Service operates. Okay? There is no, oh my God, oh my god. Emergency. They would freak out If, you even did this and jumped too much. You might get shot when you are near the president, when he's actually on stage. They would've scaled everywhere around. Listen to me, okay? They would've scaled everywhere. In fact, in a normal situation, one of them would've been stationed so that they could just be watching in case there was someone that you had to shoot. That's, that's pretty regular. After, you know, a president got shot in broad daylight way back when.

0 (41m 45s):
I'm not buying this, I am literally not buying this at all. Okay? We have an interview right now that's rolling in guys, we're gonna bring in an interview with somebody who apparently saw one of the individuals who got shot. Now again, just to remind you, two people got shot. We learned, and this information could develop later that one of them has lost their lives. Tragically. Another person is apparently in very serious condition and this person helped one of these individuals. Let's cut to this interview.

5 (42m 19s):
That's exactly where I heard him come from. What did you see, sir?

6 (42m 23s):
Oh my gosh, I heard the shots. I, I thought it was firecrackers to begin with. Somebody over there was screaming. He's been shot. He's been shot. So I made my way over. I said, I'm an emergency department physician. Let me help you. The guy had spun around, was jammed between the benches. He had a headshot here. There's lots of blood and he had brain matter there. Oh, and So. I got him. There's a helicopter coming in to get 'em. So I got people there really helpful. I got 'em. Is there only bench there? Only person shot that you saw. and I did CPR did chest compressions as well as I grief for him. One person.

6 (43m 4s):
I was the only one. You guys, we need to evacuate everybody.

0 (43m 6s):
I have chills right now looking at that because do You know what I wanna say about that? I don't know what that man's name is this, while the media is lying to you telling you that the people who support Trump are just a bunch of racists, right? That is the average Trump supporter that you just saw a person heroic enough to jump in not knowing if his life is safe after seeing buddy, somebody who was shot to jump in and to provide assistance. Look at that man with blood all over him trying to save somebody's life at risk to his own and allow the media to again, try to sell to the public that the Trump supporters are just backwards racist people.

0 (43m 48s):
No, you, you, the media, you the mainstream media. The mainstream media pundits, okay? You guys are the backwards people. We have. I just reserve such animosity for these people. For painting the guy that you just saw, okay? Who risked his life to save somebody else's, who you can see is just in a state of trauma. I I can only imagine when you are real processing in that moment, really try to picture you guys being in that moment realizing that president is potentially shot at somebody in front of you has just been shot. I think he said in the head, did I hear that correctly, mark?

0 (44m 29s):
Did he say in the head? Yeah. Okay. Somebody's been shot in the head and your instinct is to jump in and try to save that person's life, okay? He tried to save somebody's life and he is gonna go home and we're gonna give it a week, maybe even tomorrow. And Rachel Maddow's gonna pop up there and tell him, tell, tell America what Trump supporters are, right? And oh, backwards people, they wanna pull the country backwards. You know? No, they're hardworking Americans who would sacrifice their lives for other people and for this country and many of them have. And they like so many people in the world, so many people in America in particular recognize that something is wrong.

0 (45m 8s):
Something is very wrong. Evil has taken a hold of the west. There's no other way to say it. There's a darkness right now in this country and we recognize that we have a sliver of hope if we're going to turn these, this thing around. We have a sliver of hope. and that hope is only going to be found in individuals that are willing to take a stand. Individuals that are willing to take figurative bullets from the media. And now in this circumstance, Trump stopped taking figurative bullets and almost took a literal bullet. Again, guys, in case you are just joining, we are hearing that the, the glass ricocheted off of the teleprompter. And so Trump may not have actually been hit by a bullet.

0 (45m 49s):
It may have been glass that punctured his ear and caused the blood. Again, we'll be getting up to date information. We do know that two individuals were shot. That has been, and one of them, as you just saw a shot in the head, I'm not sure of that person's condition. We have heard that one of them has died and we are just trying to see what the minute to minute information is that is happening here. It is just a a a tremendous day right now. It is, it is, it is tremendous for a lot of reasons. We we're just going to try to see if I have any more updates here in terms of anybody that is tweeting. Brett, I'm gonna go to you right now to see if we've got any updates. President Barack Obama has just issued a statement. He is saying there is absolutely no place for political violence in our democracy.

0 (46m 34s):
I I I'm just gonna have to pause right there. I just, you're just gonna have to miss me with this bs

2 (46m 41s):
Apparently Biden told donors on the private call, it's afternoon, it's time to put Trump in the bullseye.

0 (46m 47s):
Wow. Okay. Well apparently Biden told donors in a private call this afternoon that it's time to put Trump in the bullseye. So maybe he's just got some remarkable timing there. We are seeing from a statement from Robert F. Kennedy has said, now is the time for every American who loves our country to step back from the division renounce all violence and unite in prayer for President Trump and his family. I'm just, I don't know guys, every person who loves our country to step back from the division, these people don't love our country. That is the point. They're ruining this country. They are being bid to the highest donor. We don't even have congressmen that are willing, take a stand for this country, get to get to DC and all they do is say, well, who's paying?

0 (47m 33s):
Is it big pharma? Is it APAC? Is the A DL? I'll vote however I'm supposed to vote so I can keep fattening my pockets. So I wish, I wish we could look at that statement and say, yes, you are right. Let's take a step back and youe, that's not reality, okay? The reality is, is just what happened has been a slow walk of what has been condoned over the last four years, okay? The media has been in lockstep increasing their rhetoric, not just against Trump, but against Trump supporters encouraging violence through very many different means. Whether it's encouraging violence to get the vote that you want. We don't want Brett Kavanaugh.

0 (48m 13s):
Now the, the girls go, go Insurrections are fine. Storm the capitol building. Sit in offices. Sit in Mitch McConnell's office, do whatever you want. Chase down senators in halls. Stop the vote as they did on that day. Fast forward a few months, did grandma walk into the capitol? This is an insurrection a day that will live in infamy. America will never come back from this unfortunately. Robert F. Kennedy. I wish, I wish that we could just say, let's all take a pause here and recognize that we need to come together. But the reality is, is that this happened today because there is a, and I, I, I believe a small group in this country and actually I know it's gotta be very small because they wouldn't be doing this if they thought that they were the majority.

0 (48m 59s):
If they thought they had the majority and they could win this election through the right means, they wouldn't be doing this right. You would say this isn't a problem. They would be back in 2016, arrogant speaking down to us, referring to people as deplorables, getting Beyonce and Jay-Z to walk on a stage. 'cause you've got this in the bag, throwing concerts, not even preparing a recession speech. 'cause you're expecting yourselves to win. They're not there. They know they can't win. They know they cannot win. So what are they gonna do? They're gonna cheat. They're going to try to assassinate Donald Trump. And those of us that have said this, whether it's Alex Jones, whether it's me or have said it's time to get real.

0 (49m 42s):
I don't care. I don't care what is said about me. I could care less. I literally don't think I could care less about the media every single day attacking. I don't care. Call me whatever you want. I'll catch him. I go racist. The white supremacist, self-hating black person Holocaust night. I don't care. I don't care. That is how desperate we are to get this country back. We need people to be brave, to not care about the mainstream media and to tell the truth, to start speaking and not being concerned. Whether or not they're gonna be called conspiracy theorists, being willing to untether themselves from the system, from people that are, are threatening you. You're gonna lose everything If. you don't tow a line. We've already lost everything in this country.

0 (50m 25s):
So stop being fearful. Stop being fearful because this is the reality, okay? We, we have to fight for this country. I'm just looking again here at some more comments that are coming up. Let's see what we've got you guys saying here. Just jumping into the chat real quick. First, I will say, what is this Senator Chris? We've got Senator Chris, you've got Robert F. Kennedy. Barack Obama just completing his sentence by the way, completing his statement rather, he said, there is absolutely no place for political violence in our democracy. He added that while details were still scarce, we should all be relieved that the former president wasn't seriously hurt and used this moment to recommit ourselves to civility and respect in our politics. Anybody buying that?

0 (51m 7s):
Anybody buying that from Barack Obama? He's asking you a question. Anybody buying that? Anybody believe when he tweets that he means that was I, was I alive in 2020 and 2016? Anybody alive for the summer of love? Do you guys believe when these people are tweeting it or are you like me? Am I being cynical? Or do you believe that a few of them, when they learned that Trump had survived the assassination privately said to themselves, damn, am I being cynical? Have we all not been alive for the last eight years? Have we all not watched the things that they have said about this man, the things they have said and done to his family?

0 (51m 51s):
I don't buy it. don don't buy it. I'm done buying it. Okay? I just, I I am, I'm just not buying it whatsoever. Do we have a tweet from Biden at all, by the way, team, no tweet. He's been briefed. He's, he was briefed on an incident. He was briefed. He was briefed on an incident. No tweet, by the way, from the person that is leading our country. No, no, no tweet, right? He didn't wanna fire on the, we're so sorry that, to have learned that Donald Trump lost his life. So now they're re-editing the tweet, right?

7 (52m 20s):
We have video of the shooter.

0 (52m 22s):
Okay guys, we just have some video coming in right now of the shooter on the roof. So we're gonna cut to that footage and then we're gonna go through, 'cause we've got almost 40 k people that are live right now, which is absolutely incredible. We're gonna go through some more of the, the videos that we showed in the past. But first, let's just show the shooter on the roof. If you're just joining, we heard a remarkable testimony that we are gonna show again from a guy who is incredulous because he apparently alerted the Secret Service and a man was crawling the roof. He alerted the police, no one listened to him. And now we're starting to wonder who are the Secret service member? Who were these police officers that were alerted and did nothing? Okay, because I'm not buying it again. But first, let's cut to this video of the actual shooter who that person said had his head blown off. Take a listen.

7 (53m 2s):
Fuck yeah, right there. we can see the guy there. He might be a little, I think they hit him because the guy is, it looks dead.

0 (53m 16s):
So there we have it. Now we can get our eyes there to understand where, where, what roof he was on top of. And again, as I'm telling you guys, I have been to these events. I know Donald Trump and his entire family. I know the, know the security apparatus and how it works. They scale that and only do they scale it. They will usually stake the highest ground.

2 (53m 33s):
Biden is allegedly speaking right now.

0 (53m 36s):
Okay? Is there any way for us to pull in Biden Live?

2 (53m 39s):
Yeah, I have it courtesy.

0 (53m 41s):
Okay guys, so we are going to cut to Joe Biden speaking live and let you guys watch this. This is courtesy of Fox News. You let me know when you can fire this up. Great. We're just gonna put me in a box with it. So it. Fair use I. know that we don't get this, this stream

8 (53m 55s):
Cut.

0 (53m 55s):
I don, apparently he's had his remarks prepared. Was weeks so long, is that wasn't expect to have give a speech, comment

8 (54m 1s):
Anymore.

0 (54m 1s):
Comments? Thank you. And he, he's here and he is gone with the podium.

9 (54m 5s):
Was this security

0 (54m 5s):
Family? Okay, we will, we'll re cue that in just a second. Did he finish his speech? That's the leader of our Okay. We said, someone just said that Biden Biden tweeted. We are going to try to take a look at that. Obviously we're live here, so we might be getting some of this information late. Maybe he, maybe he twe already gave his speech and we might be late. Yeah, he

2 (54m 24s):
Just, here we

0 (54m 27s):
Go. One minute. Okay. You have it in? Yep. All right guys, let's listen to what he said

8 (54m 32s):
Without any problem. But the idea, the idea that there's political violence or violence in America, like this is just unheard of. It is just not appropriate. And we, everybody, everybody must condemn it. Everybody. I'll keep you informed and if I am able to speak to the, to Donald, I'll, I'll let you know that as well. But so far it appears he's doing well. Number one. Number two, that there's thoroughly investigating what happened to anyone else in the audience. I have, we have some reports, but not final reports. And every agency in the federal government, I'll be, and I'm going back to, to my phone to speak with the federal agencies that are being put together again to give me an updated briefing.

8 (55m 15s):
Has anything happened, they learned any more in the last couple hours. So thank you very much. and I, hope I get to speak to him tonight and I'll get you back to you if I do. Okay, Mr. President, do

9 (55m 25s):
You think this was an assassination attempt?

8 (55m 29s):
I don't know enough to, I I have, I have, I have an opinion, but don don't have any facts. So I. Wanna make sure we have all the facts before I make some comment? Anymore comments? Thank you. Are you

9 (55m 38s):
Worried presidency? Was this security failing Mr. President?

0 (55m 42s):
Unbelievable. Unbelievable. That's the leader of our country, guys. That's it. That's all he can afford. What was that? A minute and a half. Not even a minute and a half. Just a, hey, we're, I'm gonna text some people and see what's going on and I'll get back to you. Hey, you think it's assassination temp? Oh, sorry. I can't form thoughts on my own. My handlers haven't told me how to answer these questions. I don't have my, my normal cards in front of me in big font. you know, I don don't have it in front of me in in size 92 font with highlights. So I'm gonna be, I can't obviously just go off the cuff here and answer your questions and what kinda questions that. Do you think it was assassination temp? No, I think it was the 4th of July. Gone a little too long. I think somebody was just in there scaling the roof with a, with an assault rifle because they were just going, oh, like, you know, let's just, let's just see what happens up here as I fire at the President.

0 (56m 30s):
Yes, it was an assassination attempt. That's what it was. If the president of the United States can't look you and say that can't look at you and calm you and say yes, obviously this is insane. Obviously we are getting information up to the minutes, but at the moment it looks like an assassination time. He can't even do that. There is no power behind him. There's just a deep state behind him concerned because oh my gosh, we didn't have two weeks to prepare with him being able to nap in between, to give remarks like we did for the debate. So instead we're and off stage as he pretends that he's leading this country when he's not.

0 (57m 10s):
And again, call me a cynic. I think they're disappointed that he survived it. That that's what I think they're scrambling for. I think they're scrambling because he survived. don don't, I don't even know what to think about what is happening in this country. Don don't even know how we go forward. And that's a great question. How do we go forward from here when we don't even trust the President speaking? There's no person in that cabinet that I trust. There's not a single individual that I will believe there's not a single person that can take that podium. Think about that. This is supposed to be the greatest country in the world, and there's not a single person that can grab that mic. Not even Kare, John Pierre, whatever her name is.

0 (57m 51s):
Nobody trusts these people anymore. So. It's a waste. He might as well stay out there for a minute.

2 (57m 59s):
We have the full version of the speech. It was about two minutes and 20

0 (58m 1s):
Seconds. Yeah, let's cut that guys, let's let, we're gonna, we he had, we got the timing here. Two minutes and 20 seconds. Let's be clear. Donald J. Trump was shot at from a roof. We heard more from an individual who witnessed the shooting, who gave us four and a half minutes. Then we heard from the alleged leader of the country. Joseph Biden Biden gave us two minutes and 20 seconds. Wanna hear the full two minutes, 20 seconds? I think you should. Let's take a listen again. Thanks

8 (58m 30s):
For coming folks. I've been thoroughly briefed by all the agencies and the federal government. That's the situation based on what we know now. I have tried to get ahold of Donald. He's with his doctors. They apparently he's doing well. I plan on talking to them shortly. I hope when I get back to the telephone, look, there's no place in America for this kind of violence. It's sick. It's sick. It's one of the reasons why we have to unite this country. We cannot allow for this to be happening. We cannot be like this. We cannot condone this. And so, and I want to thank the Secret Service and all the agency, including the state agencies that have been engaged in making sure that the people who, and we have more detail to come relative to other injury, other people may be injured in the audience.

8 (59m 20s):
I don't have all that detail. We'll make that available to you. I may be able to come back a little later tonight, but we'll put a statement if we don't, if I'm not able to give, if it's not convenient for you all. But the bottom line is that the Trump rally was a rally that he should have been able to be conducted peacefully without any problem. But the idea, the idea that there's political violence or violence in America, like this is just unheard of. It's just not appropriate. I mean everybody, everybody must condemn it. Everybody. I'll keep you informed. And if I am able to speak to the, to Donald, I'll, I'll let you know that as well. So far it appears he's doing well.

8 (1h 0m 1s):
Number one. Number two, that they're thoroughly investigating what happened to anyone else in the audience. I have, we have some reports, but not final reports. And every agency in the federal government, I'll be, and I'm going back to, to my phone to speak with the federal agencies that are being put together again to give me an updated briefing. As anything happened, they learned anymore in the last couple hours. So thank you very much. and I, hope I get to speak to 'em tonight and I'll get you back to you if I do. Okay, Mr.

10 (1h 0m 31s):
President, do you think this was an assassination attempt?

8 (1h 0m 35s):
I don't know enough to, I I have, I have, I have an opinion, but I don't have any facts. So I. Wanna make sure we have all the facts before I make some comment? Any more comments? Thank you. Are you

9 (1h 0m 45s):
Worried president with the security

0 (1h 0m 48s):
Guys? I just, I just wanna point out there that he said I may be able to come back later. So he gave us a, a two minutes and 20 seconds and then said I may be able to come back later and he probably is not gonna come back later because Biden has to sleep. That's, and that is the reality that we are facing this on a joke. Okay? We learned that at Camp David, that the way that his schedule ran, that he could only do a hour of prepping and then he'd have to go take a nap and have his lunch. And like, so we quite literally know that he likely has Parkinson's disease that is degenerative. And so he can't give us much more than that. And why would he, why should he have to? He's not running the country. I I'm just so sick of this game. I'm sick of it.

0 (1h 1m 28s):
I'm tired of it. I'm tired of the show. Okay? I'm tired of the mirage. I'm tired of people pretending that we have a democracy. I'm tired of people pretending that it's all a conspiracy theory, okay? When we have a president that can't speak full sentences, that is pretending like he's running the country. A president that we have known has been on the decline since they ran him in 2020 and refused to let him take the podium as he called everything a gaff. They called everything a gaff, right? The mainstream media until suddenly they pressed a button recently. And now they all wanna admit that there's something wrong with him. And like I've said on my show multiple times, for those of you that have subscribed to this channel, this is all the show, okay?

0 (1h 2m 9s):
The Deep State decided to get rid of Biden. And now we're all wondering whether or not the Deep state has made a decision to get rid of Trump. Because I'm not buying that. This was an accident. I'm going to, again, for those of you guys that are just joining, in case you missed it, we're gonna show you a couple of things, First and foremost, Chris. Let's, let's cue up the clip of the Shops shots ringing out. We're gonna show you that followed by the clip of Trump saying, wait, wait, wait. Because I think it's amazing. And then I'm gonna show you a clip of the guy who witnessed the entire thing and informed the Secret Service and was pointing to them about the guy. And you can about see there's a guy on the roof with, with a rifle. And you can just hear in his voice that he does not believe that they were not, that they were not in on it.

0 (1h 2m 49s):
Like he believes. You can hear it in his voice that there's no way that on what he saw, the Secret Service and the other agencies were not aware that this man was stealing a roof with a rifle. So I don't wanna put words in his mouth. Let's first show this clip of Donald Trump. When the shots first rang out,

1 (1h 3m 5s):
We see something that said, take a look at what happened. Doing what we doing

0 (1h 3m 24s):
I mean I'm counting eight to 10 shots there. And then here's another clip of the Secret Service that are running him off stage immediately following this. And then he just stops and realizes, Hey, wait a minute. This is a moment. and I need America to know that it's going to be okay. Take a look.

1 (1h 3m 40s):
Wait, wait, wait.

0 (1h 3m 50s):
That right there. That is what you want. Trump gave more in that motion than Biden gave in the confines of his podium. Perfectly safe. Trump assured the nation more in that one moment that things would be okay than Biden did after having been briefed. Perfectly safe being ushered out onto a podium. These are your options guys, that these are your options this November. Okay? 'cause it can only be one person that's going to lead this nation again if you're just joining. This is, this is without question the most important interview. Again, we got this from BBC. A guy who witnessed the shooter, witnessed the shooter scaling the roof and immediately alerted Pointed, said, Hey look, this guy's got a gun.

0 (1h 4m 40s):
Listen to this man's voice. Listen to the tenor, the tone of what he is saying here. And then ask yourself, If, you believe that this wasn't an inside job? Take a listen. As

4 (1h 4m 52s):
Someone who was here, you weren't inside the event. Nope. But you were just outside. Tell us what you saw. And so, so we had a party here all day at the, you can see behind us at the, the Briles farm greenhouse here. We had a party and we all decided, hey, you know when, when we hear Trump up there, we're gonna walk up through the field, stand by the trees up there under the shade. Yeah. And watch the, and listen to the rally, right? We couldn't see 'em, but we could hear him. So we walked up and probably five to seven minutes of Trump speaking. I'm estimating here, I have no idea, you know, but we noticed a guy crawling arm, you know, bear crawling up the roof of the building beside us, 50 50 feet away from us.

4 (1h 5m 39s):
So we're standing there and you know, we're pointing, we're pointing at the guy crawling up the roof. And he had a gun, right? He had a rifle. A rifle. we can clearly see him with a rifle. Absolutely. We're pointing at him. The police are down there, running around on the ground. We're like, Hey man, there's guy on the roof with a rifle. And the police were like, huh? What You know? Like, like they didn't know what was going on. you know? We're like, hey, right here on the roof, we can see him from right here. We see him. You know he's, he's crawling. And next thing You know, I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, why is Trump still speaking? Why have they not pulled him off the stage? I'm standing there pointing at him for, you know, two, three minutes. Secret Service is looking at us from the top of the barn.

4 (1h 6m 21s):
I'm pointing at that roof, just standing there like this. And next thing you know, five shots ran out. So you are, you are certain that the shots came from that guy on the road? A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And he, he was up there for a couple of minutes. He was up there. You four him up there for a couple of minutes. Absolutely. At least three to four minutes. And you were telling the police and the secret service, we were telling the police, we were pointing at him for the Secret Service who were looking at us from the top of the barn. They were looking at us the whole time. Or were we standing by that tree? Did they say binoculars? Did they see him? Probably not because the roof, the way the the slope went, he was behind where they could see. But, but why is there not secret service on all of these roofs here? I mean this is not a big place.

4 (1h 7m 2s):
Did you see I mean? Obviously everyone, when the shooting started, everyone was very panicked. Did you see what happened to him at all? Oh yeah, they blew his head off. Okay. Sorry. Secret Service blew his head off. Okay. Just be careful 'cause we don't even quite know who's watching. But you, you're pretty sure they, they, they shot the guy. Absolutely. A hundred percent. Okay. Yep. You, you saw that happen? Yep. Yep. Okay. Yep. And did you see them go up to him afterwards or they Yeah, they crawled up on the roof. They had their guns pointed at him. Make sure he was dead. He was dead. and that was it. It was over. That's incredibly shuffled. The guy was on the roof right there. You can

0 (1h 7m 36s):
See the, somebody saying in the chat that Donald's gonna speak Spanish soon. Donald Trump.

4 (1h 7m 40s):
I, I no, other than he was in.

0 (1h 7m 42s):
And then send me whatever Chris is saying, Brittany, about Chinese clothing and I. Just text it to me. The or Chris, you can text to me too. Crow, whatever I mean we saw the rifle, whatever's easiest. Text Johnny, do You

4 (1h 7m 52s):
Know about guns? Do you know what kind of weapon it was? Oh, I absolutely know about guns for sure. I mean it was, it was a rifle of some sort. I wouldn't know. You know. I wasn't close enough to read the label on it. Not sure you it was a rifle of some sort. Yeah, absolutely. So what, what do you, how do you process what you've just seen? I, I don't know what to say man. All I'll tell you is, you know, know if I, if I walked up closer there with anything that can Secret Service considered a, a, a problem, I wouldn't be standing here talking to you right now. But I don't know why a guy who we're standing there pointing out to police and Secret Service is crawling up the roof.

4 (1h 8m 32s):
You outside the security permit. Yes, we're right there by that tree. We were outside the security permit. But my question is, there's only a few buildings around here. Why is Secret Service not on every building here? Well, there's a whole bunch of questions I think that are gonna come. There's a whole bunch of questions. Yeah. Alright.

0 (1h 8m 54s):
So just to be clear, he is asking the questions that all of us are asking, right? Because again, they're trying to convince us that common sense is a conspiracy. I don't even like the way that journalist is questioning him. Oh, be careful of what you say. We don't know who's, what do you mean we don't know who's watching? Okay, we're not gonna mince our words anymore. Donald Trump, there was an assassination attempt on his life and the journalist just can, oh, we don't know who's watching. So don't say they blew his head off. Be careful here if we can live in a country where they're mutilating children, but be careful. We don't wanna say blow the the head off. That would just be way too much. You might offend people's, people's ears. He asked all the right questions there that we're all asking ourselves why were there not secret service on the roof?

0 (1h 9m 37s):
I've never heard of this. I've been around the Secret Service I know how that security apparatus works. Not just their apparatus, but every security apparatus. They're supposed to be the cream of the crop, the Secret service. So I've had lesser security and, and they have performed more. They, they have, have done, done better at making sure that things were going to run smoothly by making sure that they're able to stake out the highest position at any venue. That's common sense. Hunters know that's common sense. They're gonna tell me the sec the secret service. and that's common sense. He's telling you they got binoculars, they're watching like what happened here? Because I'm not buying the intelligence failure. I'm not buying the intelligence failure at all.

0 (1h 10m 18s):
We've got a few more tweets here guys, I wanna take you through just so you can say up to date on who's commenting First and foremost Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr. Has commented. He said that he spoke to his father on the phone and that he's in great spirits. He will never stop fighting to save America no matter what the radical left throws at him. Amen. The FBI said in the statement that it was on the scene and working with Secret Church on the investigation. Yeah, no FBI the same one that shot MLK. Yep. Same one that shot JFK. Yep. That FBI they're on the scene. Great. So, okay. I'm really excited about that. I'm really excited about the FBI being on the scene. 'cause you know, they've always been above board.

0 (1h 10m 59s):
Never, never, literally never. Not since their founding. Have they ever been above board? Have they not been killing people, including Americans? But I'm glad they're on the scene. Really glad they're on the scene. 'cause the FBI is definitely not who was behind all the corruption in terms of trying to get Trump out of office. So it's really, that's, is everybody feeling reassured now? The FBI's on the scene guys, it's gonna be totally fine. Not okay, let's sort arrest, arrest them all and ask questions. Okay. So I have a lot of questions right now and not feeling good about the FBI being on the scene, given the fact that they still won't admit to all the things that they've done in the past, not only to regular Americans, but also to presidents.

0 (1h 11m 39s):
Right. The F oh, the same FBI that was tapping MLK's phone telling his wife that he was cheating on him. That the FBI. Okay, great. So glad you're the scene. Great. That's amazing. Where everyone here is feeling great about the FBI being on the scene. 'cause I think that means that we have some suspects on the scene. Round 'em up. Okay. We have Nancy Pelosi on X and she says, as one whose family has been the victim of political violence, I know she effing did not. I'm just, I'm done. I'm no Nancy Pelosi's gonna make it about herself. She, she wants you to remind to everyone of her husband in the underwear and that's what she's gonna do. Should I, should I keep, should I even read what she says after that sentence?

0 (1h 12m 19s):
Okay, let's just keep going. Nancy Pelosi says, as one whose family has been the victim of political violence, I know firsthand that political violence of any kind has no place in our society. I thank God that former President Trump is safe. So that was just basically 75% about her. And then one little sentence for good measure that she doesn't actually mean, which is that I thank God that former president is safe. She did a continue. As we learn more details about this horrifying incident, let us pray that all those in attendance at the former president's rally today are unharmed. Yeah. Okay, we got it. Crypt keeper. I am so done with all of these people. I am sorry guys. I just, the narcissism of that statement is just unbelievable.

0 (1h 12m 60s):
Okay? President just survived an assassination attempt and the first thing that she does is tweet about how she can relate because her family has also been through something quite similar, which they actually haven't been at all. Okay? This is like unbelievable everybody who's asking questions, believing that this might be a, a deep state operation. You have every right to those questions. Let me tell you that right now because everyone else is gonna tell you that they're not. And all of these fake reporters and all of these liberals leftists, Rachel Maddow neocons, try to pretend that, you know, the intelligent academic thing to do here is to wait for more details. No. 'cause what we're waiting for is for things to be hushed again.

0 (1h 13m 41s):
They blew his head off. So now they will set the narrative and they will release whatever they want. Do we have any information? I heard somebody whispering over there that this might have been a a a a Chinese American. Is that correct?

2 (1h 13m 52s):
New York Times said Chinese individual ethnic Chinese. That's not really helpful.

0 (1h 13m 57s):
Okay? you know, it's

2 (1h 13m 57s):
An American, okay?

0 (1h 13m 60s):
New York Times is, is reporting that it is a a Chinese individual. We don't know if that is a national or whether it's a foreign person. But I do know that on the show we were covering that they were allowing a bunch of Chinese in Chinese men across the border. I showed the footage on this show, right? They were not coming with families. They were dressed in all black. They looked very sleek. They were coming across the border. It was Chinese and Kazakhstan. Okay? Nationals coming across the border in an operation. and I covered it on the show on my old show actually. and I said, well, what we can anticipate is what I believe is going to be a false flag event. And so now here we have, and again, I am, I'm speaking freely here, don don't know if this could have been a Chinese American, but now we at least know that somebody who is Chinese has done this.

0 (1h 14m 42s):
That was New York Post. Not. and that was, that was coming from the New York Post. Not the New York Times. Pardon? So New York post is reporting, but this is a, a Chinese individual. And I'm going to be unbelievably suspicious if this is going to be a person that just came into the country a few months ago when I was covering it on my show, I'm going to be very suspicious. I'm actually gonna find the footage of me saying that, pay attention to this America is what I said. Because we're getting ready for a false flag event. Because I can smell it. The deep state wants war. And what they're gonna do to get that war is they always do that war, false flag events. Have you seen my episode on nine 11? How many people in the chat right now actually still believe that nine 11 just was 100% something that happened without any prior knowledge from anyone else?

0 (1h 15m 25s):
Anybody else still beli believing in that If? you are. Wake up, wake up. This is your country now. Okay, set aside a psychological game of being called a conspiracy theorist. Again, you guys study the history of psychology in this country. Look up who Edward Bernas was. Okay? The father of propaganda, he credits himself with even convincing Americans to eat breakfast. 'cause that wasn't a thing until he did it. Okay? He showed how you can literally attack people's psyche and make them believe things that are untrue. You can make people not believe their own eyes. Edward Bernas, the nephew of Sigmund Freud, okay? By the way, these people were satanists. This is what they worship. They were satanists is what they were talking about this lot on my show.

0 (1h 16m 7s):
Look more into the moon landing. Look more into the origins of nasa. We're covering all these topics. We're taking all the figurative bullets from the mainstream media and we don't care anymore. We don't care. This is what this channel is about. And if this channel ever goes away, I'm creating my own network in the background. I'm buildings, I'm expecting that. I'm expecting that to happen. Because when you pursue truth unapologetically your agenda, it's bigger than politics, right? We, we know who they're actually after, man. And, and I'm telling you, in this country, it is, it's always been about all around the world. It's been about Christ. They hate truth, they invert truth. Everything that they are doing is inversion of the truth, is inversion of justice. Because they hate all of us.

0 (1h 16m 48s):
These people are devilish and I mean that. And so you're probably wondering, what, what do we do from here? And the answer is, don don't know. I Genuinely don't know. I'm going to ask you guys to do a simple thing and just start saying the truth. Okay? Start supporting the truth. Stop supporting people that lied to you. My sisters are visiting this weekend. Go fun visit. And I'm down here. I'm doing this live. But my sister said to me, she said, you know, I just, your ability to just say it like you did to Don Lemon and You. know she's in corporate America and she's talking about how they're being forced to use people's pronouns and how they're being told where she works. That if a man who believes as a woman walks into the bathroom and she walks out, she can get in trouble.

0 (1h 17m 33s):
Okay? And she said, I just don't even know. and I said, just say it, okay? You just have to be willing to risk something. Whether you are losing your job, which might be the circumstance for my sister. You might get fired. People might laugh at you, You know you might lose your friends, but you know, it's gonna be a lot worse if we lose this country to these psychopaths. And we are losing this country to these psychopaths because good people are saying nothing You know to, to, to end this with something that is optimistic. It is my belief that the overwhelming majority of Americans do not believe in this. That the overwhelming majority of Americans disagree with the agenda that's being forced upon us.

0 (1h 18m 16s):
The overwhelming majority of Americans, they may not like Trump, but they do not, would have never wanted him to go what he went through today. I do. I Genuinely believe that. I am hopeful that even on the left You know Democrats, they be crazy. We know they say crazy things, but I, I believe they do that believing that they're doing good. The overwhelming majority of them. What we're actually fighting right now is a radical fringe. And the reason why this radical fringe has gained so much territory is because they're loud. They put their money where their mouth is. Okay? They're a powerful radical fringe. They text people in group chats when they wanna take somebody out every day.

0 (1h 18m 57s):
There's a hit piece about me. Oh, Ken doesn't believe in this. She's a flat earth. Or Ken is all across her. And then they get all these articles out and they try to take somebody out. But they're the minority. I mean this small is who they are, but they're a loud, powerful group of individuals. you know, something that somebody said to me is, what is the one thing that every slave civilization, every, every civilization that's ever had slavery, what is the one thing that they have in common? The answer is that there were always more slaves. I wanna leave you with that. I wanted to think about that.

0 (1h 19m 38s):
There were always more slaves. All it took was a powerful group of people to convince people to allow themselves to be enslaved. Today is a day that will live in infamy. It really is. I don't say that with any, anything other than a true understanding that a day is a day that will live in infamy. It is. We will never forget today. So what we all have to do is decide how we are going to impact things tomorrow. You guys, thank you so much for joining me on this Saturday. Thank you guys for more than that.

0 (1h 20m 19s):
For everyone that has supported my independence Genuinely, I'm so grateful. I'm eternally grateful. Those of you that went to locals.com and are supporting me monthly, So, I can stay independent. So I can do this sort of a thing. Jump up on a Saturday and just speak to you guys. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, I think the best way to end this is with this photo of Trump. we can get, throw this in right now, Chris, that that, you know, there's just the photo because this is, it's promising and it's hopeful in of itself. Just trump the flag, his fist in the air and knowing that in the end, if we stick with truth and we have courage, we will absolutely win.

0 (1h 20m 60s):
You guys, take a look at some of your comments. You Chris, let me know when you've got that. There we are you guys. I will probably not see you on Monday 'cause I'm just ranting here. Bye guys. Thank you so much.