
Alright, happy Thursday gang. Well, for some of us it is a happy Thursday. Yesterday I was a bit gloat. I'm not gonna lie. Today I would like to be more sensitive to those that are still reeling from the election results. Like these young people on TikTok. Take a listen. How did we get here? How did we get here? What in the Alice in Wonderland nightmares is going on right now? All I can say is how dare you If you voted for that man, If you voted for anybody other than Kamala and you live and you live in one of the states that it was you know, close or If you didn't vote you Senate race, it's not gonna happen to Republican.


Kevin go, come on, be returning to the Senate. I chose, I chose women, I chose America. I love You. How the fuck is this still happening? All I've ever known politically is hatred. I'm done, I'm done, I'm done. I'm done with you. I'm done with you and your mother and your sister. I'm just done all of this And you are, I'm sorry, my friends lawyers don't understand how scared of this man. I'm, It is not pretty out there my friends.


It is not pretty. But we are here for them. Also, there's a democratic civil war that seems to be brewing. They're at each other's throats right now with the Kamala Blaine game. They're wondering did she lose 'cause of racism, sexism, misogyny, or is it because we suck and everybody hates us? We're gonna show you what they've come up with thus far. Specifically Senator Bernie Sanders. He has an interesting take on everything. Plus they just cannot stop rolling out the children of to guilt trip us about having re-elected Donald Trump, John Donald Trump. They're like, okay, the children over here are sad this time. They're rolling out the children of illegals. You are not going to believe this clip that is coming out of Ms. He vc. Actually, you probably will believe it.


And lastly, you may have heard that President Biden addressed the nation, but do you care? Like do you, do you want me to cover it? 'cause If you want me to, I will. But I kind of feel like I'd rather show you funny TikTok videos because I'm kind of on the fence about covering it. Whatever we will see. Welcome back to Candace. I am sensitive today. I am very compassionate today. I get why those young people are crying because look, the Democratic platform has really been all about pulling at heartstrings, right? It's all feelings over the facts, the feelings over safety, the feelings over reality.


Of course, you should be fine with inflation because just think about how sad zelensky is going to be If you don't send him your hard earned money. The child says she's a non-binary mermaid. Well of course we should just add it as another gender or else her feelings would be hurt. And one of the recent crazier pushes has been that we ought to feel bad for people that are breaking the law. Like we should understand why they have to break the law. Okay? So Trump wins and rather than wanting to learn anything from the results they get right back to work, trying to make people feel sad for people that are going to be victimized by law in order, yeah, oh no, get it. He's president now. He's gonna bring back law and order and think about all of the victims of that.


They did a segment, I'm not kidding on M-S-N-B-C, where they spoke to the children of illegals who all look like adults to me, by the way. And they wanted to get their take on Trump's promise to deport millions of illegals, which may or may not include their parents. Now if you're listening to this on audio, only be warned that these children of illegals don't actually speak any English. I'm gonna have to interpret for you guys along the way. So let's take a listen. Once you're hydrated, you need to connect with the fact that it defin feature of Trump 2.0 is the promise to decimate American communities by targeting immigrants for mass deportations. Yes.


Now, this could amount to the expulsion of millions. Millions of people who are already contributing members Of our society. That's I Voted Our society and who live here with their families. On election night, MSNBC's Pal Ramos joined mixed status families in Phoenix, Arizona to monitor the outcomes and to listen to their fears and concerns. And here is what some of them had to say.


Okay, so that was Regina. And she's basically just saying that she feels a lot of anxiety going into the election because she is the daughter of two undocumented migrants. And so she therefore just has a lot of anxiety. Here's the next person. So that's Fidel. And similarly, he's echoing the sentiment that he doesn't really know what to feel, but he just feels fearful for all of the people in the immigrant community and all of his family and friends. And here is Joy Reed's takeaway from that anxiety and fear.


Now Having heard that, it must be said that Donald Trump made major gains with Latino voters, particularly Latino male voters last night. So she's like, I don't understand. How could Latinos have voted for him? Seeing that these people are so anxious and fearful and it might be because those Latino voters are citizens who obey the law. I'm just guessing here and there's a lot that I like to say in response to that particular clip. Foremost, it is borderline comical that none of the children speak English because that tells us just one of two things. One, they're either brand new here and therefore should have no problem going back home. Or they have made zero effort to acclimate themselves to our country.


And there's something about that to me that just feels so arrogant. Like if you're going to come into this country and you're going to explain to us that your parents did so illegally, wouldn't you just make your best efforts to try to acclimate yourself to our society and learn our our our language? Is that just me feeling like that just is wrong? That they don't engage in that way? And the other thing of note here, and this is really important, I want you to lean in. It's very important their parents broke the law. Okay? So this is what happens everywhere in the entire world. When your parents break the law, it's actually quite audacious to be willing to appear on camera and to ask for sympathy after your parents have broken the law. I think of any other scenario if I was like, hi, yes, I'm watching because this person is allowed about to be elected, the sheriff and my, my dad broke into the neighbor's house and he's just been taking free stuff, but, but if this sheriff gets elected in this town, he's gonna take my dad away.


It's gonna separate our family. My dad's gonna go away for for breaking the law and it's gonna separate our family. Yes, that's how this works. When you break the law, you risk being separated from your family as a consequence of having broken the law. And by the way, there is in fact a solution to all of this anxiety and all of this sadness in this given scenario. You're actually not required to suffer separation from your parents at all. In fact, the former head of ICE is a man named Tom Holman. You may have heard of him. It was when Trump's first administration, the first four years and he went on 60 minutes and fielded questions about the costs that are associated with deportation as well as how families that face deportation might stay together.


Take a listen to what he had to say. We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year. I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families? Of course there's families can be deported together. That is just the reality of the circumstances is that everybody can go back home. If that is something that is so crucial to you and you wanna stay with your mom and your dad, those people obviously look like they're adults or about to be adults.


You can always have the option to go back home with them. There is actually a legal process to getting into this country. I know because I married an immigrant and the process is long, it's a lot of paperwork and it's really annoying. But you have to know, know what it looks like and what it feels like for us when we are doing things the legal way, waiting years in line for my husband to be able to receive a passport. Doing everything right, having to go through work visa, everything that we have done for the last five years, only to see this woman sit up and be like, yeah, my parents didn't do that, but it would be really unfair If you sent them back. I just, I just don't understand how they don't understand. And it is just this sort of consistent mainstream media illusion that is difficult for most Americans to come to terms with.


They're campaigning essentially. They have been campaigning and telling the public really you should do it or somebody else is going to be sad or do it or you're a racist, do it or you are a sexist. That is pretty much all they say. That is the pitch. They become really a skipping cd like artificial unintelligence. They can't learn anything at all. And when someone tries to interject a different thought or a perspective, they simply just go back to their factory settings. Take a listen to Alyssa Farah. Okay, that's the fake Republican, you know, the mandatory fake Republican that they have on the view. And they go, oh, oh, I, I'm a Republican, but I actually happen to always agree with the people on the view. Okay, well that's Alyssa Farah's role and she does occasionally say some things that make sense.


And she sat down there and tried to explain to Sonny Host and like maybe there's another angle here as to why Latinos are voting for Trump. Take a listen to this. So you have people talking about, well how did he win Michigan? Because Democrats are saying, oh, she should have talked more about Gaza. No, union halls were empty. Dearborn went for Donald Trump. This is not about a micros issue like Gaza. It's people saying the cost of living is too high, the wages are too low. My life felt better under him. And I know what we'll say. Well, Goldman Sachs, as the economy will do better under her, the analysts at at UPenn and Wharton, well we'll say nobody who is struggling to make ends meet at the table. Like, how am I gonna pay this? Bill cares what Wharton professor say about the, that's they bombard bombarded with misinformation.


Misinformation. Let, let, just one more thing. I wanna say this issue of abortion, which I hope we can unpack more. There are a lot of women who cared about abortion, but they were in states like Pennsylvania, where they don't have an ultra restrictive abortion law. They were voting more because they're like, pocket bush pocket book issues matter more than if a woman in Alabama is able to get an abortion. But they're gonna do worse under a Trump administration. The only people represent millionaires and the billionaires. And and finally we talk a lot about these different demographics and these assumptions of where they're gonna go. Latinos in Texas, a dis, a district that's 97% Latino went 75 percentage points for Donald Trump. Why? Misogyny? It's on the no, it's on the border.


It's the border crisis is on their doorstep. So, and they were begging people to care about it for years. Mis and we need to take sexism. That's what that was. The lessons are not misogyny. Who's, That's it. There could be no other reason. It's misogyny. It's sexism. That's why I, a Latinos are doing it and it's gonna get even better because later on now they're just, they're saying that Latinos are are racist. You're, I I promise you that's the new takeaways. Like we didn't realize that racism has gotten so bad that Latinos are extremely racist. They are just, they're, they're white supremacists.


We'll get to that first thing gonna remind you guys about Preborn. Now the estimates show that more than 1 million babies were killed by abortion in 2023. The highest number of abortions since 2012. We have to fight back against this evil because when they shout abortion we have to shout life. How do you do that? We join hands with Preborn, the largest pro-life organization in the country that sponsors ultrasounds for clinics in the highest abortion areas. 'cause no mother considering abortion meets her baby on ultrasound. And here's the heartbeat, it doubles that baby's chance at life Everyday. Preborn rescues 200 lives, which is a true miracle. By the time I finish this ad, two babies will have taken by abortion just taken just $28. Pardon? Could be the difference between life and death. So please join the fight by sponsoring 1, 2, 3 or 200 ultrasounds. All gifts are and D tax deductible. So To donate you can just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or you can visit Preborn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's Preborn dot com slash Candace.


Okay. It's Democratic Civil war bound to happen by the way, because you have a bunch of people and they're pretending to be united behind Kamala. Nobody really knows how she got there. And there's always people in the party that know what they are doing is insane. But they're fearful to say anything because then they're gonna get eaten by their own. And the left is always in lockstep behind their candidates. God forbid you say anything that goes off the, the laid track before you. So what you have now, which is super interesting, is Bernie Sanders has issued a statement. And here's what I wanna say. Bernie Sanders, his policies are awful, his solutions are wrong and he is indeed a socialist. But when he ran, he was able to seize the popula left. Like he accurately is at least able to diagnose the problems, right?


He's at least able to diagnose the problems. He just doesn't really know what to prescribe to get rid of the problems. Anyways, here's what he had to say. I'm gonna read this to you 'cause I thought, I actually thought he did a really good job. Here he writes to his fellow Democrats. It should come as no surprise that a democratic party which has abandoned the working class, people would find that the working class has abandoned them. First it was the white working class and now it is the Latino and black workers as well. While the democratic leadership defends the status quo, the American people are angry and want change and they are right today, while the very rich are doing phenomenally well, 60% of Americans living paycheck to paycheck and we have more income and wealth inequality than ever before. Unbelievably real inflation accounted for weekly wages for the average American worker are actually lower now than they were 50 years ago.


Today, despite an explosion in technology and worker productivity, many young people will have a worse standard of living than their parents. And many of them worry that artificial intelligence and robotics will make a bad situation even worse. Today, despite spending far more poor capita than other countries, we remain the only wealthy nation not to guarantee healthcare to all as a human right. And we pay by far the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs. We alone among major countries, cannot even guaranteed paid family and medical leave. Today, despite strong opposition from a majority of Americans, we continue to spend billions funding the extremist Netanyahu's government all out war against the Palestinian people, which has led to the horrific human humanitarian disaster of mass malnutrition and the starvation of thousands of children.


Will the big money interests and well-paid consultants who control the Democratic party learn any real lessons from this disastrous campaign? Will they understand the pain and political alienation that tens of millions of Americans are experiencing? Do they have any ideas as to how we can take on the increasingly powerful oligarchy, which has so much economic and political power? Probably not in the coming weeks and months. Those of us concerned about grassroots democracy and economic justice need to have some very serious political discussions. Stay tuned. So look, he's calling out lobbyists, he's calling about out. The fact that they are com the elites are completely out of, out of touch, just out of touch, have no idea what they're doing. They really just went with all of these celebrity endorsements and don't realize that it is true. Young people have a lot of anxiety about the future.


They don't know how they're gonna be able to afford anything. And there's nobody that is more elitist right now than Democrats, which is why I love this clip. Also sounding very sensible is Anna Casper. And she has actually grown increasingly more sensible. I would, I would almost argue that she is very much in the middle right now. She used to be a far leftist when I first got started in politics. She maybe doesn't wanna admit that she's very much come over now to a more sensible, moderate position. I would almost say moderate, right? And during election night, she was correctly calling out her side for all the mistakes that they had made. She didn't seem very shocked and she wasn't having an exact meltdown as the results came in. Here is Anna Kasper of the Young Turks.


Take a listen. I feel like there's a lot of of cope going on. I'm gonna keep it real. And the fact of the matter is Kamala Harris chose to try to convince disaffected Republicans, all three of them, to vote for her by campaigning with a NeoCon, campaigning with Liz Cheney, a deeply unpopular politician who was voted out of her congressional seat because the, even the Republican party has changed in regard to their views on neo-conservatism. You know, the big coverup in regard to Biden's mental health. That was a giant mistake by the Democratic party and their suffering consequences for that.


We have to be real about this guys. We just do. And you know, magical thinking isn't going to help the Democratic party. They're not gonna win with magical thinking. They have to come to terms with the mistakes that they've made. And it shouldn't be a close election, but it is. Yeah. And it's not looking good for Kamala Harris. So she is fully stepped outside of the delusion. And it is, it really has now just become a party of magical thinking where they don't even care about the reality of things. It's all about like, hey, if we wish it and will it, then it will be. And clearly it is not being so it's like when are you gonna switch up this strategy? And so it's super interesting to hear her say that on election night. And to rightly call out, we have not talked about that enough.


The fact that Kamala teamed up with Liz Cheney. We hate Liz Cheney. Nobody likes Liz Cheney. There's like the one thing the left and the right have agreed on forever is like Dick Cheney and his family. Awful. Like the stuff that they did, the people that they've killed overseas, the, you know, pushing the, the military industrial complex. I mean it's every reason why no one really buys that. Kamala Harris had no power as a VP when Dick Cheney was running the White House for eight years, right? And, and calling all the shots. And we know that they're an unbelievably corrupted family. And Kamala was like, yeah, I'm gonna lock arms with her and get whose vote. I mean it was just so silly. Blunder after blunder after blunder. But amazingly, and this is what's getting really interesting to see Anna go after these delusional leftists, like in a way that you can't imagine she would've done in the past.


Like I feel like in the world of BLM, you could never imagine Anna Casper. And having gone after Nicole Hannah Jones, I'm gonna show you what Nicole Hannah Jones tweeted. She's essentially somehow a Pulitzer Prize winner be, I don't know it's DEI stuff, you know, but this is what she tweets, these tweets following the election. This is her diagnosis of what's happened and how they lost. It was naive to believe that if Kamala Harris avoided discussing her race and gender, that if she evaded so-called identity politics, that she would nullify of a liability of being a black woman seeking the presidency in a country where racism and, and misogyny are embedded in the culture. This is a country that responded to a multiracial electorate sending the first black president to the White House with a minority of the white vote by electing an openly white racist man over the person who could have become the nation's first woman president.


She goes on anti-blackness continues by, by the way, drink every time you hear the word black. If you wanna die, anti-blackness continues to be a powerful force in this country. And anti-blackness cannot just be attributed to white Americans. That is my favorite part. The shock about the significant increase in Latinos choosing Trump with his anti-immigrant rhetoric, family separation policy and insults of Latin countries over a black woman tells me too many people fail to understand that anti-blackness is deeply embedded in Latino cultures as well. And that the interests of those who are part of that very large multiracial, multi nationality Latino category are not.


And not ever have they been necessarily aligned with those of black people, simply because many white Americans do not consider them to be white. This is why, as I argued in my essay on the colorblindness scam, that we must stop lumping all non-white people into a single of color group. This woman is really out here trying to convince us that Latinos are racist. She's like, they're just racist. Like this is amazing. And it's like how is that gonna work for you? How, if that's going to be now the adjusted approach, like you just keep calling everybody Hitler, everybody racist And it just keeps the, the, the party of Hitler and racism just keeps getting bigger and bigger. And now you've arrived at like, yeah, no, the Latinos, they're racist too.


These Puerto Ricans, these Dominicans are racist too. That's the problem. They're anti-black you anti-black Puerto Ricans. How dare you? How dare you? Seriously, it is completely nuts. She's so crazy. It's unbelievable. Well, Anna Casper actually replied to her and she just said this and it's accurate. She wrote, this is delusional, which I think she said, this is effing delusional or this is something delusional. Why is it okay to be openly bigoted like this? And yes, Anna, that is what so many people recognize by the Democratic party. They scream racist when in fact they are the racist. They just cannot process how a person might be able to think beyond their skin. Maybe they don't, they don't realize that people might be thinking not with their skin, but with their brain.


Could you imagine people thinking with their brains? Yeah, no, not this woman. Not not Nicole Hannah. She's like, no, absolutely not. They just, just ev everyone just becoming increasingly more racist and we're going backwards and before You know it, we're gonna blink and we are all going to be enslaved this time by the Ricans. Okay? So really what are we contending with? What are they contending with from the Democratic party? These are just people who don't wanna face reality. People who are legitimately, I believe, suffering from a delusional disorder. 'cause what, how else could you describe that? Like you're just saying, Latinos are anti-black, they're choosing to be that delusional. They wanna keep up the facade, they wanna keep up their performance even as their tribe gets smaller and smaller and smaller. And who better? To give us an example of what I'm talking about when I say utterly delusional and really just speaking to hear yourself speak than Jimmy Kimmel.


I hate to tell you guys, but he's crying again. Take a listen. Let's be honest, it was a terrible night last night. It was a terrible night for women, for children, for the hundreds of thousands of of hardworking immigrants who make this country go for healthcare, for our climate, for science, for journalism, for justice, for free speech. It was a terrible night for poor people, for the middle class, for seniors who rely on social security for our allies in Ukraine, for nato, for the truth and democracy and decency.


And it was a terrible night for everyone who voted against him. And guess what? It was a bad night for everyone who voted for him too. You just don't realize it yet. Nope. Beg to differ. It was a great night of people that voted for him and it's been a great week and it's gonna be a great four years. But I just have to call out Jimmy Kimmel. We should have, we should have put together a compilation. Do you understand how much this man cries on demand? You know, it was a terrible night for his wife. You know how embarrassing. It's just, see a grown man cry over Ukraine, he lost it on Ukraine. You think that he has ever stood up there and cried about the gas prices or like the grocery prices or cried on behalf of the Americans, people that are working with their hands and literally paycheck to paycheck because Zelensky wife needs to go on another shopping spree in Paris, which is what she has done.


I mean, there have been articles about the corruption of where our money is going. It can't even be audited. We're just turning a bunch of Ukrainians into oligarchs. They purchased, this is a fact. They have purchased so many yachts. You should have seen the amount of Ukrainians that were rolling up in yachts when I was on vacation in Saint Trez. I was not on a yacht, I was just walking to the harbor and there was just a bunch of Ukrainians. Like it's, it's, it's so insulting and he's up there crying to keep it going because what is he, he's a fraud. He is a guard for the establishment. His job is to just propagandize not to understand, right? But to be angry when people take a stand against the deep state because he's a part of the deep state. And I don't know how he went from a person who was once on the man show. And If you wanna talk about misogyny and sexism, we should go find some old clips of Jimmy Kibble to this sad, pathetic excuse of a crybaby.


Man. Man up Jimmy Kimmel, put some hair on your chest. You are so embarrassing. I just can't watch this man cry anymore. It's, it's, it's just making me sad on behalf of his wife. It's making me angry on behalf of his wife. I just wanna punch him in the chest. You know I can't get violent here. I can't get violent. I'm already demonetized on YouTube.


All Right guys, anyways, before we get into this next thing I want segment, I wanna remind you about American Financing because the economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, expenses are up and it is very hard to manage to pay all the bills without using credit cards. So if you're a homeowner and you are frustrated with that cycle, you should make a 10 minute phone call. It's no obligation today. You can call my friends at American Financing. Interest rates are coming down and they are now in the low five. So If you are constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call say at (800) 795-1210. Again that number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can just visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Alright you guys, the celebrity reckoning continues. That's been the best part of this week. Honestly. So many obvious highlights to just answer to the celebrity call, the fake tears, them trying to tell us how to live when they ha they just are so removed from reality. I mean just people following around, answering their every beckon call and for them to, to lower themselves 'cause that's what they're doing. Lowering themselves to pretend that they understand the shadows of the average American people. It was an insult. And guess what? This time we insulted them right back. So I saw this on Instagram, this is a former Real Housewives of New York star, Bethany Frankel. And she's always been quite rational. Like I've always kind of liked her, takes on a lot of things. I have no idea whether she's left or right, I would assume because she runs a business, she can't be a far leftist, maybe she's a moderate, but she posted this about what she's learned regarding celebrity endorsements from this election cycle and its results.


Take a listen Hot take. Celebrities no longer have influence. Let me prove it. So there are like 300 million people in this country. There are 150 million voters give or take. And the combined social media followings of the people that endorsed Kamala, meaning Taylor Swift, Beyonce, Selena, Chelsea, Amy, everybody like powerful people, Obama, Hillary, the combined social media, Jennifer Lopez, et cetera. The combined number is over 2 billion followers. So over 2 billion followers. And yes of course it's what votes matter and what really did it, but over 2 billion followers did not move the needle for 150 million voters.


So that means it's spinning wheels, it's useless, it's a flex and it's doesn't even do anything. So you are welcome John Legend, Chrissy, Tegan de Niro. You can add your own people 'cause there's so many interesting. Now what does that mean? That's why LA's taking a beating right now in real estate. The industry, it's widely known, very interesting time. The age of authenticity is heard of Jay-Z and what about like television show, media impressions, the entire cast of the view, you know like just, we just have to adjust instead of just jamming the same narrative down people's throats overall in what works and how to communicate with an audience.


I mean think about that. She is so right and to hear, to hear the metrics in that way, like the just their combined followers. Even If you just the two of them, Beyonce and Taylor Swift, the combined impressions, the combined articles that they're able to generate when they say something and to realize that it made no impact. In fact I think it did impact, I actually think it did make an impact. I think it had the reverse impact. I think that they now create repulsion. It, it is a repelling force. When you get a celebrity up there to lecture and to come down from their thrones, like they never speak to us, then it's like election season. They're all like, oh my God, we're so accessible. We're so accessible. I love you guys. Here we are JLo's crying and everyone like, and suddenly they're in the crowd and they've just been missing conspicuously missing for four years.


It's very insulting. And so it's, it's really, I'm just again so proud that we gave them such a clear answer on it. Like we just said, no literally f you. You don't care about us. We don't care about you. And it doesn't matter if we like your music, it doesn't matter if we like your acting abilities. It doesn't matter if we don't like your acting abilities. You just have no business telling us how to vote. And in the end, by the way Bethany, I would say that they hurt their brands. I think they hurt their brands. I know so many people who are just, who just can't watch these people anymore. Like I don't know how to engage with J-Lo after watching her strain so hard to try to get those tears out. I just don't know how to engage with her. And I, I have been off of the LeBron James chain, but whatever the point is is that she's absolutely right.


And by the way, I was gonna ask this question. Speaking of these celebrity endorsements, are they paying them to do these things? Because I'm like, what is the thing that actually makes Eminem get out of bed to do something that's so cheesy and off brand for like a rapper that wants people to think that he's hardcore? Like are they actually just paying an absurd amount of money? Because I was, I was thinking about that 'cause I was completely blown away by this news item. Apparently the Kamala Biden campaign. So first Biden and then he passed off the money obviously to Kamala when he stepped down, raised $900 million from January 1st, 2023. And this is a tweet from a political writer who writes Kamala Harris's campaign ended with at least 20 million in debt per two sources familiar.


Harris raised over 1 billion and she had 118 million in the bank as of October 16th. I'm like, what? She spent 116 more like $150 million in two weeks. How we are so gluttonous in America. The guardian reported that in November Kamala's campaign spent $450,000 a day to have ads displayed within the Las Vegas sphere. So just in the Las Vegas sphere, $450,000 a day in November. Like who we're just so gross. Like, I don't know why that somehow like grosses me out and I'm, this is by the way Republicans, Democrats, this is how much we are spending. APAC spends a hundred million dollars.


There's something about that that, that just feels very wrong to me. And according to the New York Times, by the way, one piece of how they were spending was they decided to spend six figures to fly banners over four NFL games in October. Like is that really gonna be the differentiator when you're thinking about spending money? You're just like, yeah, let's fly some banners over four NFL games and just drop tons of cash. It's just, I don't know, it's, it's very excessive and the way that we are approaching our politics is really wrong and it's gluttonous in nature. All Right guys, lastly before I get into your comments, we should cover Joe Biden. I actually do not wanna cover him at all. He did give a speech and I just think I have to cover it just So I can pretend to do, I don't know, something responsible. I think it's weird to cover him 'cause he's just not the president.


I think that's kind of my perspective. It feels like we're being fake when we're like the president has spoken. But we're gonna give you 43 seconds of his speech about the peaceful transfer of power just So I can check it off a to-do list and and show my producer that I'm a really good person. Take a listen. For over 200 years America's carried on the greatest experiment in self-government in the history of the world. And that's not hyperbole. That's a fact where the people, the people vote and choose their own leaders and they do it peacefully. And we're in a democracy. The will of the people always prevails. Yesterday I spoke with President-elect Trump to congratulate him on his victory.


And I assured him that I would direct my entire administration to work with his team to ensure a peaceful and orderly transition. That's what the American people deserve. Okay, yay. Am responsible. We covered it. Now moving on. I wanna show you this glorious TikTok that made me laugh so hard because I've told you I've been a little bit sad about the Kamala thing. We've been covering her so much. I'm gonna miss her accents, I'm going to miss looking into her genealogy. And then I saw this on TikTok and this young woman is really good at pretending to be Kamala Harris. And I felt warmed again. I felt warmed again. Take a listen. I'm Kamala Harris and I grew up in the church, okay? Me and Maya, we went to Oakland Church and we sang in the quiet, just two middle class little girls.


You know, we had a lot of faith, okay? 'cause faith is a verb. Faith is an action we should make in the net. But don commit in the morning. Jesus is good. Jesus is great. Jesus is black. Yes you are. I will ruin the name of Jesus. We are never going back. I am a black woman, okay? And we leave with face. It's important. Potent. What do you think of that? Doggie? Yeah, that was great honey.


Was it black enough? I'm Not, I don't think I'm qualified to answer that. I'm gonna try it again. Okay. I'm, I just love that she's so good at the motions. That really is how she speaks. I just see you guys slapping in the chat. Like it just, I don't know why she does that motion so much, but she really does do that. She should have done the laugh. The laugh is really what would've sent me. But I just love that. So I wanted to show that to you to, to end on a happy note 'cause I was just so bored. But Kyle, do I have to cover Joe Biden? It's crazy. All Right guys, I'm gonna jump into your comments and see what is on your mind.


First, just going to remind you about Field of Greens because me medical tests can reveal your body's biological age, which will show If you are aging prematurely. Better. Nutrition has been shown obviously to reverse one's bio age and my hope of living longer and healthier is why I take Field of Greens every day. Field of Greens is an organic superfood, fruit and vegetable drink, unlike any other. It's serious nutrition. Listen to this Field of Greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. That generally just means you're gonna have better health. Each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like your heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and your immune system. So make Field of Greens your go-to for getting n nutrients that you need. I'm sure you're going to love it, but If you don't, you can return it and get a full refund right now. My listeners will get 15% off your first order and free rush shipping If you visit Field of Greens dot com and use promo code Candace again, that promo code Candace at Field of Greens dot com. Field of Greens dot com.


Alright, what is on your mind today, ladies and Jens? Lemme jump and see what you guys are saying in the comments section. We have Zach. Zach says, I'm actually very sad and have pity on the people in the depths of despair because Trump won. They are victims of the media who have saturated them with lies and fearmongering. The media is despicable. Yeah, I get you. I go back and forth and I, I think for me, I just go, where are their parents? Right? And you, and one of them actually was a parent. You could see she's on the couch and she's crying. And so yeah, If you, if that is your example, you're gonna end up like, you're gonna end up like your mother or like your father and you're gonna be completely deranged. And you have, coupled with that, the fact that the left controls the entire mainstream media apparatus and it's a lot of fear mongering, but a little bit of this has to be common sense, right?


I was on the left, didn't come from overtly political family. I didn't have the tools to like, you know, it wasn't like somebody came to me and was like, here, let me sit down and explain everything to you. It was just kind of common sense that brought me to a point point. And it was because the rhetoric was just too insane. Like trying to make me believe that I was gonna be in slave chains if I didn't vote against Trump was my wake up moment. I was okay guys, you're like, it was a little too much. And So I say bring back common sense. I've learned obviously that common sense is not that common. Mark writes good work on karma law. Thank you Mark. Modern beauty rights. Funny how now Libs and Democrats see their lunacy. Why didn't they see it before? You know, I think they did. Like I said, Anna Casper was kind of turning the bend very slowly.


She started to sound a lot more rational than she did when I first got on the scene seven or eight years ago. She was totally deranged and attacking me every single day. 'cause how dare someone be a black conservative? And I think what happened was it, they just kept going more and more deranged, like further and further left. And eventually when you do that, you're, you're leaving the people behind that were with you. I'm, I'm not saying that she's still not very left on some issues and we have a ton of disagreements, but I can guarantee you now that her and I can have a conversation. Whereas we definitely would not have been able to eight years ago and we would probably both learn a little bit from that conversation, whereas we definitely would not have eight years ago. So it's good to see it. You know, part of it is thinking about Bernie, they rigged it against him too. Don't you guys remember? They rigged it against Bernie in favor of Hillary. Everyone was feeling the burn.


I even thought he was cute. He was a cute little grandpa. He was so innocent. He looked innocent because I didn't really fully grasp his socialist policies. And so they are, I think now really confronting how corrupt the system is when she just calls out the fact that they pretended that Joe Biden wasn't in the middle of mental decline. That's it's, they're getting to a point where the stuff they're doing is so crazy. They're propping up people that are half dead and telling you everything's gonna be fine. It's that Elmo meme, you know, it was like everything's, everything is to, everything's totally fine and it's just like fire behind you. It's, it's completely crazy. Iel Sarto says, A few months ago, my coworker was excited to tell me that he was able to take his citizenship test in Spanish. I wanted to tell him off, but I didn't. Yeah, that's absurd. Like what are we doing?


Why are we catering? I mean, I could never, I just went to Japan. I couldn't imagine just like expecting everyone to be speaking in English to me and expecting everyone to think that if I moved there, that they would just have to change their society so that I can understand things. And yet we do this in America, we do this and our, our immigration test is a joke. Like when I was looking at the sample questions, me and my husband were comparing our country's immigration tests, the sample questions go look at the UK one. It's, it's like quite complicated. Ours is just like, how many states are there in America? The United States of America? Is it two, is it four or is it 50? Like, I'm not kidding. It's, it's like that simple and basic and really that might be the reason why we aren't getting the best from all over the world.


Okay, Sophia writes Latina for Trump here. It's insulting for anyone to get a citizenship without paying their dues, waiting the time and going through the vetting process you go through when you do it the right way. Like me, yes, for those of us that have been through it, our families that have been through it, you know how long it takes and you just get, and also it costs a lot of money and there are so many things that you have to consider when you're traveling and what you're doing. Like there was an entire period where my husband was grounded And so he could not, we couldn't travel together outside of the country and then see people that are just like, well I hopped over the border and I have kids here so like, just make me a citizen. And they are being treated better than people that are going through the process. Very, very frustrating. Maud writes, what happened to Kanye and Dave Chappelle? Had they been cloned? Love your work. No, Kanye has not been cloned.


I told you I ran into him in Tokyo. It was kind of amazing. He and I just always kind of find each other in the world. Can't tell you about Dave Chappelle, but Connie just definitively has not been cloned. He was himself totally himself. He's actually lost a ton of weight, looks very healthy. I think Los Angeles was very, very unhealthy for him. And he was going through an unhealthy spell, like just having gone through divorce and having paparazzi chase him. And in Tokyo they just do not have that presence there. So I can just say Kanye was Kanye always funny, always interesting and always himself. Carissa writes, apply for citizenship. It took my husband 15 years to become a citizen. He took the oath at a federal courthouse at the exact time that President Trump was taking the oath of office January, 2017, 15 years.


And others insist on cutting the line and being like, but look, my kid is sad. Swell monkey writes another great thing about this election. We at least finally know who will be president for the first time in a year. Yeah, exactly. 'cause you know, Trump is no shrinking Violet. He's not gonna allow people to direct him. Put stuff on the TelePro, tell, tell him what to say. Tell him what to think. That is, that is something that is a, a very good thing about him. That he's gutsy and that he's got that like New Yorker billionaire thing going on. And he's not gonna be, he likes to be the boss that is his entire brand is being the boss. Abor W Tower. Is Trump going to be able to deport all these people? I think Democrats will let off the gas with pandering the black votes and focus on Latinos. I think he's gonna do it. Look, it's a second term. Everyone gets all Yolo in their second term, right?


They're like, I don't care 'cause I'm, I can't come back in here. And so he's going to now be doing it for the legacy. He said he was gonna do it, and I think he's going to do it. And the best way to do it is to involve our military. The best way to do it is to involve our military easy to also make them fearful not to cross into the border. That's another thing. I mean, hearing this guy in Poland, he's, he's in congress in Poland, speak on the stage when, on election night when we were with PBD and his name is Dominic Tar Sinsky. And he said that one of the illegals crossed into Poland and killed their border agent. So they immediately passed a law that said, now we can shoot them. And as soon as that law was passed and they began saying, we're gonna shoot you. If you come across the border and maybe they shot a couple people, no one crosses into the border anymore.


That, because that's how you learn. It's like, you know, you play with fire, you get burned, you don't stick your hand in the fire anymore. You, you, you probably have to kill like two people. And I'm assuming that's what happened in Poland, like two people before. People go, okay, we're not crossing in because they're insane and they're just killing people. And so we're not taken seriously because of this perceived compassion to always understand. And that's like, you know, we are compassion, compassion, compassion. And we're turning our country into a dump in the process. And So I am, I I I fully believe that Trump is, is going to be very tough on this. And as that guy said when she's like, it's gonna cost $88 million a year. I'm like, what? You write that to Zelensky every Wednesday? Like, shut up, shut up. Don't even speak to me about the cost of securing our border.


When you insist we send everything over to Israel and Ukraine and Afghanistan and every other country Pakistan. And so miss me with the budget on that. RG writes, Candace, can you speak on if DACA people are in danger of being deported? No. Trump always said that DACA people that were here at DACA were going to be fine. He said that last time he's gonna uphold that he is speaking about everyone that has essentially crossed over since Kamala didn't do her job as the borders are. And it's a ridiculous thing that these people are settled. It's completely crazy. It's like, no, you just gotta go back home, man. You gotta go back home. This is crazy. I know that you guys were getting packets telling you how to break into America, but it turns out that there's a new boss and you gotta go home.


You gotta go home, you gotta go see your grandma, your aita, whoever it is. You gotta go see people. People were coming in from Kazakhstan. I don't even know how to say grandma. I mean it's, it's completely crazy. People were coming in from China, they were flying over, dropping their passports and dropping their IDs and then just crossing over their border. You gotta go back to China. You gotta go back to China. Okay. All Right guys. Couple of announcements. Tomorrow is episode 100 of the independent podcast. I'm so excited. The big one. Zero zero. So buy me presents. Yeah, gimme presents. It's, it's my podcast. 100th birthday. And some presents you can get me is to subscribe to this channel because we're almost at 3 million subscribers. And you can also go to locals If you wanna donate to the show.


Hey, we're flush now trip to Trump presidency. We don't, we don't have to penny pinch anymore. We can donate whatever you can monthly to keep us independent and not having to worry about the YouTube sensors and what a better day to do it than tomorrow, which is gonna be the hundredth episode. But also to say If you want to, you can head to Club Candace and support the show in whatever capacity you want to. We are still selling our hats that have been a huge success. People love it. Made Kamala Indian again. Yes, we did. You know, TikTok took it down by the way. They said that this was harassment. Like why, why would Kamala being Indian be harassment? I feel like TikTok has something against Indian people. Why do they want her to be black when she's not? What would be wrong with us making Kamala Indian again? I know, but they took, they took down my post and said, you, you, you're not allowed.


Do that. And we also of course have our celebrity tear mugs. If you want to pour liquid and into a nice mug for 47 Trump, thumbs up. J-Lo cry, LeBron cry, Cardi B cry. Then you head to Club Candace dot com and get you some. Otherwise we will see you guys here tomorrow.