
Alright guys. So Tucker Carlson is back in Moscow, Russia. The internet is having a very predictable breakdown about it. Just a total meltdown across the board because, well, you know, Russia bad, Putin evil. You guys know already I'm a Tucker Stan. I've also been extremely vocal about the fact that I will not be supporting the collapse of another Christian nation. Plus later on in the show, we gotta discuss football, also known as soccer. To the uninitiated, it's the biggest sport in the world. Obviously Europe is compelling their players to wear an L-G-B-T-Q flag Band on their outfits, and two players are coming under fire. One for just refusing to wear the uniform and the other for writing.


Jesus loves you atop it. So we're gonna discuss all of that plus much more. Britney Spear is saying that she's a kindergartner and she's five years old. So much happening. Let's jump straight into it. Welcome back to Candace. All right, let's jump right into this Tucker Carlson. He has returned to Moscow. Obviously we know how people reacted when he interviewed Vladimir Putin because you're not supposed to ever listen to these people in their own words. You have to rely on the mainstream media to tell you who these people are and around the world.


They tell us all the same thing. They're all terrorists and dictators and everything that we do is perfectly above board and we're usually just trying to spread democracy and I think spreading democracy maybe is a code word or dropping bombs on civilians, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Anyways, he is there because he's going to be interviewing Vladimir Putin's foreign minister. His name is Sergi Laro. I'm going to let you listen to Tucker's announcement in its entirety from Moscow because it's really important that you understand what is going on in this region. If you do not already World War ii, we are on the brink of it. Take a listen. In the week since we left Russia, Moscow, where we are now in February after interviewing Vladimir Putin, we've watched from the United States as the Biden administration has driven the US ever closer to a nuclear conflict with Russia.


The country that possesses the world's largest nuclear arsenal. It has accelerated ever since and it's reached its apogee so far in the weeks after Trump's election, he's now the president-elect. In that time, just a few weeks ago, the Biden administration, American military personnel, launched missiles into mainland Russia and killed at least a dozen Russian soldiers. So we are unbeknownst to most Americans in a hot war with Russian undeclared war war you did not vote for and that most Americans don't want. But it is ongoing and because of that war, because of the fact that the US military is killing Russians in Russia right now, we are closer to nuclear war than at any time in history, far closer than we were during the Cuban Missile crisis.


That would mean the elimination of Russia, the United States and most of the rest of the world. We felt there must be someone behind the scenes in Washington working to make sure that this conflict doesn't become a nuclear holocaust. But we found out that no, in fact there is nobody, Tony Blinken, the current Secretary of State, cut off all contact between the US and Russian governments. There is no back channel, there is no conversation and there hasn't been for more than two years. That's shocking. Meanwhile, most Americans have no access to any perspective other than that granted to them by NBC News and the New York Times. They don't know how close we are. They don't know the Russian perspective. We've been trying for over a year to get that perspective out to American news consumers.


We've also tried for over a year to get an interview with Zelensky, the president of Ukraine. We've attacked that from a bunch of different angles. You've spoken to a lot of different people around him, had dinner with them. We've been in talks continuously and those efforts have been thwarted by the US government, the American Embassy in Kiev, which our tax dollars pay for told this Linsky government. No, you may not do the interview, you can talk to CNN, you can't talk to us. So we've been unable to speak to him. So we came back to Moscow yesterday to interview the foreign minister of Russia. Sergei Avro, the longest serving foreign minister in the world. He's been a part of this government for 25 years. He's been in the diplomatic corps for over 40 and ask him, where exactly are we?


Are we headed toward an unprecedented conflict between Russia and the United States? Is there any way to peel Russia back from the east, from the sphere of China back in to the west? Is that alliance permanent? And does the election of Donald Trump mean an end to this war, which is reshaping the world, the US economy, the global economy, and risking the life of every person on this planet? Is that possible? We just walked out of that interview. It's absolutely fascinating. It's coming very soon. We hope you'll watch. Oh, Tucker Carlson, I will definitely be watching it. I will be covering it. I am pumped for the interview. He said, he said a lot there. First and foremost, you're President Zelensky, you keep showing up in your army fatigues all styled in your army.


Fatigues saying that so much, so many terrible things are going on in Ukraine as you sit next to these leaders who we all know are part of a global syndicate, but you have an opportunity to speak to a neutral journalist and get the word out there and you decline it. Why? Because the United States tells you to decline. It isn't that quite strange to you, isn't registered to you as strange that if he's such a victim and everything that he is telling us is above board and honest, why wouldn't he sit down with Tucker Carlson who's being fair saying, I'm gonna speak to both sides and allow the American people to, to make up their minds about who is telling the truth and who is lying. So yeah, I'm pretty pumped for this I interview because in case you have missed it, in case you've been busy getting ready for the holiday season, we are very much on the brink of World War iii and there is no question that we are the agitators of it.


I should also mention here that Syria and Russia are allies. So we're gonna need to slow down for you some very important things that have happened in the history so that you understand exactly what it is that is going on because maybe you're like me, maybe you know, for the majority of your life you believe the mainstream media and you only were maybe moderately aware of conflicts and always with the same resolution. We are going after dictators, we are going after terrorists. That's it. We're the goods guys. Well, let's first talk about Libya. It is relevant. If you did not watch yesterday's episode, please go pivot to the videos after this and watch me sit down as a part two with that CIA whistleblower Kevin ship because we discuss Gaddafi, we discussed Libya, and I'm gonna recap that for you now.


What we did to Muammar Gaddafi, who was the former president of Libya, he worked extremely close with the west. He trusted the west. He abided by all of the Western rules, became a UN member state. He was also extremely close to Vladimir Putin. Okay? So Libya joined the United Nations, things were on the up and up there economically. And then he started to notice some things. It really gets, you get into trouble when you start noticing some things, some discrepancies, things that are just not adding up, particularly Mu and Margo Dfi noticed that despite the United Nations billing itself as a sort of global institution to prevent wars, actually it seemed to him that that was, that was really a facade.


It was actually built for the protection and the imperialist goals of just a few nations. The United Kingdom, America and Israel. That's what he says. And also France. In fact, he pointed out that there were many more wars as a result of the United Nations plundering and stealing from less powerful states who couldn't do anything about this. And then he did the unthinkable. Okay? Mu Margaree gets up in front of the United Nations in 2009 before the General Assembly, and he just starts calling ish out. I'm talking everything like he just starts running his mouth. He asks among many other things, who made the call for Saddam Hussein, the president of Iraq, to be murdered?


Now it's difficult for us to remember this. Many of us were too young, and even if old enough, like I said, we believed our government every time they simply said so And so is a terrorist. And we asked no further questions. We of course had a natural fear about the Middle East because of 2001, the nine 11 attacks. But I'm just gonna remind you here. Saddam Hussein was the duly elected fifth president of Iraq. Irrespective of whether you believe he was a terrorist, whether or not you believe he was just standing up for Iraq civilians. He was a duly elected fifth president of Iraq. He was at first the prime minister. Then he became the vice president, and then he became the president. And in 2003 we invaded Iraq. Do you guys remember why it's a little refresher?


Because nine 11 had happened two years prior and without a single shred of evidence, our military industrial complex said that they had reasons to believe that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Now, this is weird. Really doesn't really pass sniff tests First and foremost, because Saudis committed nine 11. And yet here we were saying that we had to invade Iraq because of it. And of course Bibi Netanyahu was in the mix saying like, no, like they've got weapons of mass destruction. I'll give you a quick update. It was all a lie. They just made it up. And in the process we murdered 1 million innocent Iraqi civilians, 1 million, okay?


Plus we destroyed in the process as we always do, some of the oldest Christian communities in the world, that's just par for the course in terms of us going to war. It just actually, If you, If you listen to pastors and priests in the Middle East, they think it's intentional. They think that all of these Christian polices are intentionally being destroyed and war is being used as a pretext. But let's not get lost in that. Of course, like I said, Israel lobbied for our invasion. They cited a Iraq and nuclear development in Iraq as a potential threat to the region's stability. And months after our invasion, Sadan Hussein was captured and a few years later he was sentenced to death for Crimes against humanity.


The media did a pretty good job convincing the public that he was a terrorist with ties to Al-Qaeda, Al-Qaeda, you remember this? Everybody starts talking about alqaeda. We didn't really know what, it was funny to look at it now in the retrospect because years later Hillary Clinton admitted freely and openly that Al-Qaeda. Yeah, well that was kind of sort of like us. We were intentionally arming rebels and terrorists to fulfill our regional goals in covert operations. Take it away. Hillary Clinton. We also have a history of kind of moving in and outta Pakistan. I mean, let's remember here the people we are fighting today, we funded 20 years ago and we did it because we were locked in this struggle with the Soviet Union.


They invaded Afghanistan and we did not wanna see them control Central Asia. And we went to work and it was President Reagan in partnership with the Congress led by Democrats who said, you know what? Sounds like a pretty good idea. Let's deal with the ISI and the Pakistani military and let's go recruit these mujahideen and that's great. Let's get some to come from Saudi Arabia and other places importing their wahabi brand of Islam so that we can go beat the Soviet Union. And guess what? They retreated. They lost billions of dollars and it led to the collapse of the Soviet Union. So there's a, a very strong argument, which is wasn't a bad investment to end the Soviet Union, but let's be careful what we sow because we will harvest.


So we then left Pakistan. We said, okay, fine. You deal with the stingers that we've left all over your country. You deal with the mines that are along the border. And by the way, we don't wanna have anything to do with you. In fact, we're sanctioning you. So we stopped dealing with the Pakistani military and with ISI and we now are making up for a lot of lost time. She goes on and on and she speaks about this and it's sort of a known thing. In fact, one of the conspiracy theories floating around there is that the United States is funding along with Israel isis and that we are essentially training people on the ground, training rebels, arming them as she says, we send weapons over until we fulfill our initiatives and then we just sort of leave the region.


Now it's important to note going back to Saddam Hussein, that Iraq was also a member of the United Nations, a member state of the United Nations. And according to UN rules, when a sovereign nation and a member state is invaded by another country, all of the other member state countries are supposed to ally together and protect that country. That's the reason, right? That's the reason everybody's joining. This is gonna be international liberalism. There's new rules. The adults are in charge. We have to move away from this barbaric world. You know, Western principles are better. And If you guys all agree and we for form this union, then we will be able to protect you little countries.


But even when all member states, the majority overwhelming majority vote in certain resolutions, they're just ignored if it goes against the will of certain countries. At least that's what Gaddafi said. And we're seeing that now, we talked about the ICC, everybody asking for sanctions against Israel, the majority of the country saying what was happening in that region was wrong. And basically people just said, don't care. Don't care what all your little countries think. America and Israel think this and we're gonna therefore do whatever it is that we wanna do. Okay? So Oumar Gaddafi during this speech explicitly asks, who called for Saddam Hussein to be savagely killed in 2006?


In case you don't remember, he was rather barbarically hung after a special tribunal convicted him of crimes against humanity. So in 2009, moon Mar Moon Mar Gaddafi stood before the UN and asked Who were those masked people? Who hung them? He said, and I quote, do You know what people are saying? They are saying that the faces behind the masks were those of the President of the United States and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. And that is what that, that is what they, who put the president of Iraq to death did. Why do the executioners not unmask their faces? How does it come about that the president of a state member of the United Nations was sentenced to death and killed?


We do not even know the identity of the Executioners end quote. But he took it way further than that by the way, because then he also asked, who shot JFK? He said this quote, then there is the assassination of the United Nations, of of, of the assassination, pardon, of United States President Kennedy in 1963. We want to know who killed him and why. There was supposedly somebody called Lee Harvey Oswald, who was then killed by one Jack Ruby. Who and why did he kill him? Jack Ruby, an Israeli killed Lee Harvey Oswald, who killed Kennedy. Why did this Israeli kill Kennedy's killer then Jack Ruby, the killer of the killer of Kennedy, died in mysterious circumstances before he could be tried.


We must open the files. The whole world knows that Kennedy wanted to investigate the Israeli demon nuclear reactor and quote. Again, this is coming from Mummar. Gaddafi said this in front of the UN General Assembly in 2009. He then asked who killed him? Okay, he said, quote, then there is the assassination of Martin Luther King, the black reverend and human rights activist. His assassination was a plot and we should know why he was killed and who killed him. End quote. So yeah, as the CIA whistleblower Kevin Ship said on yesterday's episode, again, go watch that Mu Mar Gaddafi basically signed his own death warrant on the day that he gave that speech. He said way too much things that we certainly were not aware of.


If they are true, at least I wasn't aware of any of that stuff. If you were true, you should go read that speech in its entirety. It is quite a shocking speech to read in the retrospect. Now that we are in the age of independent media, obviously this would've never been covered in western media and beyond that, I should also tell you this, and perhaps most insanely Gaddafi challenge the Petrodollar. So in case you don't follow economics, it is a known thing that any nation who tries to move away from the United States dollar gets invaded and collapses pretty quickly. It's just a coincidence. Any country that procures its oil from OPEC has to pay in United States dollars.


That's what we mean when we say the Petrodollar and Gaddafi felt that that was simply unfair, that it allowed for the United States to force its agenda upon the world because they can issue sanctions and they get to kind of bully you into doing certain things. So he began pushing for an alternative to the US dollar domination. He wanted to introduce among many other things, a dollar in Libya that was going to be backed by gold returning to the gold standard. Whew. So guess what we did to him? Well, our favorite thing to do everywhere there was a color revolution, suddenly, two years later gives that speech. 2009, 2011, we forced a regime, a regime change, and in the same way that we always do, right, suddenly rebels the Civil War, arming the rebels, having the media insist day in and day out, that it is a totally natural uprising that is happening in a country to overthrow an evil dictator.


And of course we should get on board because well, we're spreading democracy. But what happened to Gaddafi was especially sadistic, okay? Because this time when the rebels enclosed upon him as he was hiding in a drain pipe, they sodomized him with a knife that was on the end of a gun, essentially a bayonet. And it was recorded that him being sodomized was recorded and it was sent around the entire world. And it was particularly sadistic, I might add, because in his speech to the un, he had called out how barbaric it was that another, the other UN member, a president, the prisoners of Iraq had been sodomized in the exact same manner.


Now, it has been widely reported that Putin obsessively watched that assassination tape over and over and over again. And there's a reason for that because he's looking at the tape when he is going, this man played by the West's rules and look what they did to him when he started asking questions, when he started asking for certain things. Imagine Putin watching that over and over and over again in 2011. I think it had a severe psychological impact on him in terms of how he deals with the west permanent distrust there. 'cause as I said, him and Gaddafi were close friends. Now I've made it clear to you that we staged a color revolution in Ukraine that is undeniable right on Russia's border.


We installed a puppet president in 2014. Zelensky is the follow-up to that puppet president. We did this despite the fact that we provided the then Soviet Union with assurances. If they agreed to collapse the Berlin Wall, the Western press is trying to convince you as they always do that Vladimir Putin is just a crazy dictator. And that's why they freaked out when Tucker Carlson went over to interview him. Because you never want to let Americans get directly to the source. Primary sources ruin propaganda campaigns. So what Tucker Carlson is doing is ruinous to their propaganda campaign, the Warhawks Propagandist campaign. Putin said a lot of very interesting things when he sat down with Tucker, but of the most interest perhaps was his resolve, that the world was moving away from Western hegemony.


That countries would no longer allow the United States to just bully them with sanctions into certain positions that they don't agree with. If it's a democracy, why can't other countries decide on how they want to exist? It is a fact that despite all of the sanctions issued against Russia after the Ukraine, Ukrainian Russian conflict began. Russia's economy grew. They looked for ways to get around the US dollar and they formed their own economic unions. They've been growing that. That's known as bricks. Countries in this intergovernmental organization are Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa, Iran, Egypt, Ethiopia. And they're meeting together and they're deciding how they can trade one another.


How they can all stop relying on America to tell them what to do. And during my interview with Tucker Carlson, Putin discussed this fact. Take a listen. As for bricks, where Russia took over the presidency this year, the bricks countries are by and large developing very rapidly. Look, if memory serves me right back in 1992, the share of the G seven countries in the world economy amounted to 47%. Whereas in 2022 it was down to I think a little over 30%.


The Brix countries accounted for only 16% in 1992. But now their share is greater than that of the G seven. It has nothing to do with the events in Ukraine. This is due to the trends of global development and world economy. As I mentioned just now, and this is inevitable, this will keep happening. It is like the rise of the sun. You cannot prevent the sun from rising. You have to adapt to it. How do the United States adapt with the help of force sanctions, pressure, bombings and use of armed forces?


This is about self conceit. Your political establishment does not understand that the world is changing under objective circumstances. And in order to preserve your level, even if someone aspires, pardon me, to the level of dominance, you have to make the right decisions in a competent and timely manner. Such brutal actions, including with regard to Russia and say other countries are counterproductive. This is an obvious fact. It has already become evident. That is so important, so important. What he is seeing, what he's saying there for you to really understand what is happening right now.


Nations are saying enough is enough. You can't keep forcing our hand because you can't, can't get people to cooperate with you under more objective circumstances, like actually doing things that are morally sound. There's no reason why America can't lead in that direction. Why do we have to lead with lies manipulation? And don't even get me started on the Putin puppet stuff. I could care less. Okay? The idea that you wanna call us all Putin puppets. We have seen how you have treated more than half of this nation referring to them as Nazis and dictators and believers in white supremacy ever since Trump was elected the first go around. So it's gonna take a lot for me to believe in all of things that you are telling us about people overseas when you can't even tell the truth, mainstream media about your own people.


You're doing the exact same thing here. That's why it's believable. You can't win by objective standards. You can't win because the ideas are good, right? You can't win because you're going out and you're saying, Hey, we believe in transient children and people are responding to that and going, yes, let's vote that in. So you have to manipulate, you have to lie, you have to use the mainstream media, you have to use Operation Mockingbird, you have to smear, you have to libel, you have to call for people to be fired. Doesn't work long term. You're seeing that in America right now. America didn't care. You did this for years. You elected Donald Trump, not once, not two times, but three times as really an f you to the establishment. So what he's saying is not unlike that on a global stage, but he's speaking dangerously, talking about moving away from the US dollar.


You better tread very carefully. Stom Hussein did that in 2000. We invaded three years later and he was dead three years after that. Gaddafi discussed doing that in Libya in 2009. He was dead two years later in 2011. Moving away from the US dollar is risky business. Trump has already signaled that he's not okay with it. He recently posted this on truth, social, take a listen. The idea that the bricks countries are trying to move away from a dollar while we stand by and watch is over. We require a commitment from these countries that they will neither create a new Brix currency nor back any other currency to replace the mighty US dollar. Or they will face 100% tariffs and should expect to say goodbye to selling into the wonderful US economy.


They can go find another quote unquote sucker. There's no chance the bricks will replace the US dollar in international trade. And any country that tries should wave goodbye to America. I think Trump may be missing. The point is that they want to wave goodbye to America. Where you are signaling is you're not gonna be able to work with us. And they're saying, we don't wanna work with you anymore because you haven't been playing fair. This is the reality. This is what this is all coming down to. Everything else is noise. It's absolute noise. It's about forcing control in the same way that we have watched the left, try to do this in America. Not winning on the basis of reality or good ideas, but trying to force people. Just accept the version that you decide must prevail.


Which brings us to Syria, a staunch ally of Russia. Curiously, there's virtually nothing in the media about what is going on right there. And there's a lot going on in Syria right now. They say two things. One, you do not ask a woman her weight or ask the United States government what the F we are up to in Syria. We're gonna pause because before we get into this, I, I'm just going to throw this to one of my sponsors would stick around because this is really important.


I'm just gonna remind you guys quickly about PreBorn. In many ways this past election brought abortion to the forefront. There are many states that have radicalized abortion and tragically thousands of babies will continue to lose their lives. This is why PreBorn, the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers facing unplanned pregnancies. PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They are equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. All at no cost. PreBorn knows that when a woman sees her baby on ultrasound, she's twice as likely to choose life because of this. Our year end goal is to sponsor 20,000 ultrasounds saving over 15,000 lives. And I hope that you guys will help us reach that goal. It costs just $28 to sponsor one ultrasound. Whatever the gift, whether large or small, it will go towards life. And now PreBorn will match your gift doubling the amount. So To donate, just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that is PreBorn dot com slash CANDACE.


Okay guys, so now we're talking about Syria. How did we even get involved in Syria? Lemme give you guys a refresher. Well, our friend and Ally Israel has been locked in a regional war with Syria since Israel became a nation in 1948. Okay? Netanyahu, Bibi Netanyahu was named crops up everywhere when we were talking about war Told America, I should mention this to you. The state that pushed for us and lobbied for us to get involved in Iraq was Israel. And it was Netanyahu who told America that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. He said this on camera, you can find this. And he lobbied for our engagement. He similarly lobbied for our engagement in Syria for a very similar reason, Netanyahu wa was adamant.


He presented his beliefs to John Kerry in into 2013. Take a listen. Here's what he said. The Syrian regime must be stripped of all its chemical weapons. And that would make our entire region a lot safer. The world needs to ensure that radical regimes don't have weapons of mass destruction. Because as we've learned once again in Syria, if rogue regimes have weapons of mass destruction, they will use them. Hmm, but who was really gonna believe that line again after he already told us that and we just took it to the bank and then we invaded a Iraq and killed an unjustified mass murder of civilians there to the tune of a million of them?


No, no, no, no. There would actually have to be proof this time. Sorry Bebe, I know you want us to jump into this war, but the American public is just not going to fall for it. Not this time. Rather incredibly. Here's what happened next. Obama, our president at this time gets up before the public and he says like, look, we're not, we're not getting involved in Syria. Don't worry. The message is weapons of destruction. And we never found him in Iraq. We're not going with that. The only way we would get involved in Syria is if, unless, unless right he, he says that he's got a red line. There's only one way. He says that we were possibly gonna get involved something incredibly specific. He said, unless President Bashar Assad crosses a red line.


And what was that red line guys? He said, if facade chemically gases his own civilians, take a listen to Obama on the matter. I have at this point not ordered military engagement in the situation. Okay? But the point that you made about chemical and biological weapons is critical. That's an issue that doesn't just concern Syria. It concerns our close allies in the region, including Israel. It concerns us. We cannot have a situation where a chemical or biological weapons are falling into the hands of the wrong people. We have been very clear to the outside regime, but also to other players on the ground that a red line for us is we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized.


That would change my calculus. That would change my equation. Oh, okay, well no worries. I mean Asa would be an idiot If you did that. Now that you just said that Big bad America, Hey, If you gas your own civilians, we're getting involved. We're not gonna do that. Oh my, by golly you guys, he did just right after this, Abebe says he's he, Hey weapons mass destruction. Obama says, don't worry, don't worry. My red line is like, you know, chemicals a against your own civilians and a side just does it. Allegedly he gases his own civilians. A really strange thing for him to do because Assad had just invited the United Nations inspectors into Syria at this time to investigate cases of rebels who were allegedly rebels using chemical weapons.


He was also winning handedly against those rebels. Suddenly another one of these civil wars that were popping up. But he was winning handily. He says, UN come in, check out, they're using chemical weapons. And at this time, I guess at the same time, he just decided to gas his own civilians. The CTAC in in Damascus suburbs guaranteeing that the UN inspectors would then be diverted to that case, which is totally crazy. It almost doesn't make any sense. Well, according to a former CIA officer, another whistleblower named Philip Giraldi, he says, the gas attack that killed dozens of innocent Syrian civilians was actually committed by Al-Qaeda affiliated rebels as part of a false flag exercise that was designed to justify the removal of Assad by the west.


Now look, I'm not here to tell you what happened, I wasn't there. Fortunately, you can decide which version of events that you believe, but Assad has furiously denied the allegations and says that it was a Western attempt at a coup. But our media insisted, even though they confessed, it seemed illogical 'cause he was winning and he wasn't fighting the UN over the insisted that he did it for a different reason. He did it. You are not gonna believe his skies, it's 'cause he was crazy. Just a barbaric criminal who likes to do crazy insane hood things with his friends for sports just like evil, for the sake of evil, ha ha ha, come watch me be extra evil gas my own civilians. Even if it means the most powerful nation in the world is gonna come after me. I don't care.


I just want it. I love it. I love evil. That's, that's the excuse that the New York Times gave us that he didn't care about us getting involved in the conflict. He didn't care about the fact that he was winning. Even Obama's advisors, I should tell you admitted that there was never any slam dunk evidence against Assad. But do we even need any evidence mean we're America. America baby? Some people like Tulsi Gabbard believe that we should have concrete evidence before we jump into wars and send American troops over to die on foreign land. People like Tasi, Tulsi Gabbard usually find themselves attacked by the mockingbirds in our state sponsored media. Here's a fine example of that by the way here.


Here is Barry Weiss who it might be relevant for you to know left the CIA affiliate Project Mockingbird, New York Times, who, which I told you aggressively pedaled the civilian gassing story and she left to start her own independent media endeavor because she is neutral on all of these matters. Here she is on Joe Rogan attacking Tulsi Gabbard. Take a listen. So who's in right now? So we have Kamala, Kristen, TJ Brandand. Oh, monstrous. Monstrous. Ideas. Ideas. Well, when she was 22 she had no, she's An Assad to What does that mean? She is a, what's a tote? I think that I used that word correctly.


Jamie, can you check what tote Means? Like toeing the line. Is that what it means? No, I think it's like a how do you wanna spell, how do you spell T-O-A-D-I-E to? I Like that. What does that mean? I think it means when I think it means, There you go. Tote definition of toadies. A person who a syco fan flats or defers to others. I kind of used it, right? Self-serving reasons. A sycophant. So she's an Assad Syco fan, is that what you're saying? Like Yeah, that's pr that's known about her. Like what did she say that Qualifies her? Oh we have to, I don't, I don't remember the details. I've read it. You probably should say that before we say that about her.


We should probably read it rather. Well I have read it. No, I mean we should right now just Oh, oh Yeah. Okay. Just so we know what she said. I've Her on before. Before. Look, I really enjoyed talking to her. I like her a lot. Are You serious? Yeah, I like talking to her. Okay, okay. I like talking to her. I don't know about, I think she's like the mother load of bad ideas. Whoa. I'm pretty positive about that, especially on Assad. But maybe I'm wrong. Call me crazy. I might be wrong. I learned this term tote today, but I think Barry Weiss is an Israeli todi. I don't know that was crazy. I don't know but I don't think the problem is tulsi who's actually served her country and meaningfully wants to make sure that if we are getting involved and going to send the sons and daughters of America to die overseas, it isn't because Netanyahu has a hunch or something that he's trying to accomplish in the region.


It should be because something is verified. So if that makes her an Asad tote, can we get on board like all of us with that concrete proof telling us the truth, giving us every side and angle of an issue, can we get on board? She also hates Trevor Carlson. We get on board people like Tucker Carlson who have the willingness to get on a plane and go over and present other sides while not neglecting either side. By the way, he says he's going to go speak to Zelensky. So here's my suspicion, here's my hunch guys. I would tell you what I believe. I believe we are being lied to about everything. I believe the globalists want to hit a reset economically because they can't win on the basis of their insane diluted psychopathic ideas. These people who want to quite literally globalize the world turn us all into economic slaves that will be flying pride flags and trans flags and putting our children performing surgeries on our children and you know, inducting us into this cult of madness because they can't win on the basis of their mad ideas.


They want a war because what happens when you have war A a global war is chaos. And from chaos certain dictatorships are able to arise. You're able to take clans, steal land in order to get us on board. They need to keep us ignorant. And so this is why it is so important that we continue to speak about these issues. If you're a mother listening to this, like women do not have a natural inclination towards geopolitics, but at this moment we need to, every single woman who has a child should be invested in this. That's the reason Tucker Carlson gave for his investment. He's got kids of fighting age, they'll be drafted into this world war, believe me, they will start knocking on doors and you'll be dying overseas. Not because your country's gonna get any greater America's been an a managed decline state for a very long time, but simply because there are other countries who can't win on the basis of their own ideas.


And that is all I'm gonna say about that. Okay you guys, let's take a quick break. Talk to you about Seven Weeks Coffee. I'm sorry you guys about my voice today. I have had a killer cold the last 24 hours and I probably need some water.


Today's show is sponsored by Seven Weeks Coffee. Why are they called Seven Weeks Coffee? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That is why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the world. They've raised over half a million dollars for these centers and they've saved over 5,000 lives. Now I'll tell you about the coffee 'cause I'm very picky about what I put in my body. Mold free, pesticide freed shade grown low acid, organically farmed checks all the boxes and just in time for the holiday season Seven Weeks Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. You can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order and new limited edition coffees. So whether you're looking for stocking sufferers or have the perfect roast, Seven Weeks Coffee has you covered this Christmas season exclusively. For my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace, you'll get up to 25% off your order. Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us


Okay, I'll take my water break. Now know, speaking of this sort of global incentive to force upon us an agenda that's just not working like we don't agree with it and they're like, so what? We'll just socially persecute you. That by the way is the new mechanism. I often like give speeches about how I really perceive that they have perfected the slave plantation. If you go back and you study that period of history in America, there were all these necessary elements to maintaining slavery. One was were slave codes making sure the slaves were not able to learn how to read because obviously If you could read and you could acquire knowledge on your own, you wouldn't just accept the shadows on the wall like Plato's allegory of the cave.


You would become educated and educated. Mine can't be really, can't be enslaved. And another element was the tearing apart of families constantly moving the slaves around. And it's interesting to see now that we have people that are incredibly illiterate, every generation getting dumber and dumber and dumber thanks to the federalized education system, the promotion of the breakdown of family disguised as some other noble idea, right? It's like no, it's this is about love, is love, whatever it is. Just pulling us further and further away from the nuclear family unit and essentially rather than killing slaves rather than cap capturing a slave to try to run away across the plantation, they still do issue these sorts of harsh punishments in the form of whippings in a different way.


It you get socially whipped now like I endured like the greatest social whipping ever this year from just standing up and saying moral things. It's like no, you can't say that guice, you cannot say anything nice about Palestinian children. You can't have a heart about that or we will socially persecute you. This is, this is an the just an updated modernized technique of abusing and beating and mutilating slaves. That's my, that's my belief. And so this is now me pivoting into what's happening right now. Basically it what you have going on is the football association is has rules, right? So the football association by the way, to guys who are talking about soccer, if you're American overseas, it's a football association that gets to decide on the league rules.


And what's interesting is one of the organization's rules states that religious, political and personal signs should not be put onto your clothing. You can't make any personal political or religious statements, which is why it's extremely, extremely odd that despite this, the FA sort of allows this or the organization to take part in what's known as rainbow laces weekend. Okay? It's an initiative that's run by the English top teams in partnership with the lgbtq plus charity Stonewall. And their mission they say is to promote equality, diversity and LGBTQ plus acceptance.


It always sounds really pretty. This initiative was introduced in 2013. It takes place across match week's 13 and 14 this season. And as a part of the initiative, the players are encouraged to wear rainbow armbands on their uniforms. I should say it's not compulsory but like I just said, if players don't participate they sort of face this social persecution. IP Ipswich town Captain Sam Morrissey knows a little bit about that as he has declined to wear the rainbow armband now twice citing his religious beliefs. He says, I'm a Muslim, I'm not wearing this. This is obviously a political statement of sorts to be you're, you're devising this as love is love but you're forcing me to go against my religious beliefs in order to do that.


And I should mention that of the 20 team captains, he is the only one that's taking a stand. Then there is Crystal Palace that is a London based football team and it has a captain named Mark gei and he is a 24-year-old devout Christian. So what he did was a little bit different. He said, I am gonna wear the armband and this kind of gets into a lot of Christians who believe we actually shouldn't allow the L-G-B-T-Q community to intentionally sort of take away the true meaning of the rainbow. This is, this is about Noah's Ark, this is about God's promise to the world that he wouldn't flood it again. And he decided, I'm gonna wear the armband but I'm gonna write Jesus loves you on it.


And he did this, he did this despite the football association saying, you're gonna be in trouble for this. We are gonna reprimand you for this. We're going to remind you of our rules. You can see that right there. He's wearing a Jesus loves you on the armband. He's just written it across it. Like I said, because he is such a devout Christian, he didn't care. He actually then won, upped it and decided to also write like I love Jesus on the second game. Or I may have, might have had that flipped. I think he wrote, I love Jesus on the first game. Yeah, that's the first game. And then after getting into trouble, he wrote, Jesus loves you. So he just doubled down. He basically said, I don't care that you reprimanded me, you are saying that personal messages are not permitted on equipment while, but while also allowing people to wear what really is a personal message when you do this partnership and you tell people to put on the rainbow flag, why does this belong in sports?


And what's really great is that his dad, a guy named John who is a church minister, spoke out, he criticized the football association and he told the daily mail quote, did he offend anybody? I don't think So. I do believe in what the Bible says. Jesus loves everyone. And in my opinion, mark did not offend anyone with what he wrote. And like I said, I just wanna, I wanted to bring the story to the forefront because I think these two players are remarkably brave and they're standing up against really what is a mob mindset. And it is a mindset by the way that is not reflect the values of the majority of people. Again, going to what Putin is speaking about where it's almost like we ob, they objectively deny reality. It's like the majority of people think you've taken this too far. Okay, this is not love is love what you do in your own households, what you wanna do, you are now forcing this mentality that people don't agree with upon the entire world.


And eventually that's going to encourage a sort of uprising. People are gonna say enough is enough. And for these to be the only players that are doing this, that are taking this sort of a stance and dealing with the social persecution of people trying to, you know, say they're homophobic or whatever it is, and not just that they don't wanna be adopted into what many of you to be a cult, you know it, it takes a tremendous amount of bravery. So I dunno that they will ever see this. I am not the biggest football fan. I don't know, really don't know anything about football. I'm from the land where we call it soccer. But kudos to both of those young men for standing by their religious beliefs. All Right guys, we have to discuss before we go away, we absolutely have to discuss Britney Spears. It's ongoing story.


Obviously we've all kind of followed, I don't wanna say the rise and fall of Britney Spears, but her life has been incredibly tragic. I think that's fair to say. And it's sad and it, it is especially sad when you're someone who grew up and just watched it happen slowly. Like she was our generation pop star, everyone loved her and then her entire life changed for the worst. When she got put into a conservatorship, well it was her 43rd birthday and she posted some Instagram videos, one saying that she's moving to Mexico, another saying that she is a five-year-old. Let's start with the one where she says that she's five years old. Take a listen. I'm not really sure why the paparazzi have me going on a plane looking like I'm wearing a Jason mask.


It doesn't even look like me. I don't know why I have a torch in my hand. Honestly, I think my friend accidentally gave that to me. But anyways, it's my birthday. I'm not turning 42, I'm turning five this year. I'm turning five years old and I have to go to kindergarten tomorrow. So look, she could be joking, like making a joke about getting older and maybe people could have taken that too far. But people obviously have their concerns because in each video she doesn't, she doesn't seem herself, she hasn't seen herself in a very long time. Here's another video of Britney Spear saying that she moved to Mexico.


It really kind of hurts my feelings that the paparazzi make my face look like I'm wearing like a white Jason mask. It doesn't even look like me. They've always been incredibly cruel to me. The paparazzi and pictures and the way they've illustrated me to be in some of it. I know I'm not perfect at all by any means, but some of it is, is extremely mean and cruel. And that's why I've moved to Mexico. Like I said, she has apparently moved to Mexico and I think that this is actually the more relevant part of her speaking about how the paparazzi has treated her throughout her entire life because this is actually what led to the tragic moment in her life.


Britney Spears was so famous PE there are very few people in the world who will ever understand the level of fame that she has that she achieved in her lifetime. Maybe like her Michael Jackson, princess Diana all by the way, who I should say faced very tragic endings in the end. And two of them who had doctors that were involved towards the end. And so Britney Spears, when it comes to her, you have to understand this woman was forced into a conservatorship. I personally believe she was having a breakdown because the paparazzi wouldn't leave her alone and she wanted privacy. Like she could not find any privacy. I could not imagine waking up every day and being stalked and followed and basically begging for a break. Like saying I just wish I could go onto an island and just make everybody go away and just be a normal person.


And rather than allowing her that break and allowing her to rest, they put her on a psych 51 50 hold. And I have very strong opinions about this having read the Chaos book and I basically believe that Britney Spears was MK Ultra. I see people in the chat that say, oh this is a different Britney, it's not a different Britney, this is, this is, this is the same Britney Spears that we grew up with. But you have to understand what MK Ultra was, what they understood that they could accomplish with psych, with, with psychotics, with medicine, forcing people to take medicine and the most severe chemical compounds on their brain. Quite literally, literally Britney Spears was put on the most severe form of medicines for how long was circum service worship? Wasn't it like over 10 years this woman was put on Lithium.


If you do not know what lithium does to your brain, you should research it because I just don't find Britney Spears and what Britney Spears is saying to be something that should be mocked. I actually like very much wish that she could have a platform to speak about what she went through in the hospital being forced. I know she's written a book about it to take certain medicines that our government has known. If somebody gets out of control in Hollywood, I mean Kanye spoke about this extensively and I believe Kanye, he's a friend of mine, that essentially they tell everybody that you need a break, that you need rest. And then they put you in a hospital against your will. When you start speaking out, sometimes it's just against the mafia in Hollywood, they will essentially drug you out of your mind, which is exactly what MK Ultra accomplished.


Like there are are moments in that book in chaos where he gets those files from those sick doctors that were a part of the MK Ultra Project where they, where they say they have been successful, they are successful in creating a chemical compound that can quite literally make people go crazy. We earlier discussed Jacob Rubenstein, the guy who shot the guy, the guy who shot Lee Osby, Oswald Harvey. He was MK Ultra in prison. He was paid a visit by Dr. Sidney Gottlieb. Actually I think that's wrong Dr. I'm blanking on his name. Jolly West in prison, who was an MK Ultra doctor Jolly West. He did the most evil things, he paid him a visit.


So when Mummar Gaddafi is saying what happened to him before he could stand trial, the judge even said that, If you look at what happened in that case, he said, what happened to this guy? He was normal yesterday, he gets paid a visit in a cell and now he's completely crazy. Yeah, that's what M KRA is. So like I said, let's not laugh at what happened to Britney Spears. I'm glad she's on the other side of this and she's no longer forced to take certain medications, but there's, there's, there are forever going to be lingering effects. I personally think she was maybe just joking in that first thing about saying that she was five people make jokes about getting older. I would welcome a discussion with Britney Spears anytime. Talk about things that she has lived through. I think she's lived through a lot. And I say that as someone who just has like the most compassion in my heart for artists like that.


Because of the things that Kanye told me personally and attempted to tell the world was everybody laughed and mugged him a, a tremendous act of bravery. And I have no doubt in the future people will reflect on things that Kanye was trying to say and not what the media tried to make it out to be. And recognize that he, he was incredibly brave. So that's what I'm gonna say about that. Before we get into your comments, I wanna remind you about American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates. You should call my friends. American Financing Now is the perfect time to consolidate all of your debt, reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices of groceries, childcare, power, everything with credit card rates being so high debt gets expensive with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of $800 a month or even closing sum as fast as 10 days.


And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So make the call today, you can call them at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's American Financing at 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can simply visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Alright, what are you guys thinking? I've given you so much information this episode, and again, I'm so sorry that I sound like I'm dying. I actually was dying last night. I kinda had to throw the kitchen sink at it today 'cause the show must go on. Okay. Men needed now rights. At what point is a crusade against the globalists acceptable after all the millions of Christians they have murdered and their children, what do you think?


Would we be safe with these people in prison? Yeah. Listen, I I, I stand where I stand. I will not support Ukraine over Russia because Ukraine is the biggest Christian nation in the world and it just tends to be the case that we keep collapsing Christian civilizations everywhere. And this has been going on for a very long time and there is a ton of proof if you're willing to look at it, that America is involved in. Like you heard Hillary Clinton today in funding Jihadists and then suddenly we're blaming Muslims for a war on Christians and we are allowed to talk about the nations that are funding this, the nations that are behind this. It's completely ridiculous. It is happening. And this is not, this is, this is by no means an extensive list. Christians are being attacked and slaughtered in Armenia.


Armenia doesn't talk about that because Israel is funding it. So they just go, okay, it doesn't matter, I guess because Christians aren't allowed to be the victims over Israel. We have to do everything that that's our friend and our ally. Even when there're slaughtering Christians. There's a reason that's Christians have to get slaughtered. I mentioned, of course, the, the oldest Christian civilizations also in Iraq when we attacked them, there was absolutely no reason to bomb those sites. It's completely crazy. The priests that are speaking out and talking about what's happening to all of the old Christians structures in Gaza, nobody's speaking about that. We have things that are happening in Nigeria. Christians are being mass slaughtered. Nobody is speaking about these things and it just can't keep happening over and over and over again. And having our west be the western media be completely silent about it without me thinking that there is a Christian conspiracy going on.


And So I have used my platform to expose it and to speak about it occurred from Durham writes the Kurds, a stateless people in the Middle East face oppression in Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran. They fight for rights and recognition and during great suffering, they need your voice. Candace, listen, I'm very interested in, in also discussing Turkey, what's going on there? There's so much that Americans don't know and it, it can be very overwhelming because I believe that we are actually the most propag propagandized nation in the entire world, the United States. I truly believe that, that so many horrors have happened over these last couple of decades and we are not enlightened to them at all. We're kind of just getting there with the collapse of the mainstream media.


It seems like now we are on the forefront. And by golly you will see that people will start demanding censorship. We've seen this just with me, demanding censorship, take her off the air. Somehow we have to suppress CandaceOwens like why is she back? We've forced her to lose her job. All of these things they do, they don't actually want freedom. They do not actually want free speech because free speech means that you believe that your speech can compete in the arena of ideas. And if you know your speech can't, If you know the fact are not on your side, then you have to basically make an argument that there's a reason to su suppress speech. And I'm seeing those arguments being made with the woke, right and on the left. And I will always be an enemy of anybody that is coming for speech.


Alexia writes, people hate Saddam Putin Gaddafi, but unfortunately the West has been responsible for far more death and destruction than all three dictators combined. Yeah, that is a definitely a numerical fact. And like I said, it's just interesting when we start calling something a regime, when we start calling somebody a dictator, when we start calling them evil. Even people who were CIA assets, Osama Bin Laden worked for the CIA, like they like, oh she says when they were funding all of these rebels because they wanted to go after Soviet Union in the eighties in Afghanistan, he was a CIA asset. And then all of a sudden he speaks up against America what America is up to now he's a di evil dictator and he must die. So yeah, it's just, I don't know how many times the west can run the exact same play before we're like, Hey, maybe this is a play that they're running every single time.


Maybe it just can't be the circumstance that every single person is an evil dictator and that we must absolutely collapse and turn their nations into third world main, maintain them just being third world countries forever and have their people starving while at the same time complaining after we collapse these nations, that the people that are in that region wanna flee and come to the west. Doesn't make sense. You're either against the wars that are causing these refugee crisis crises or you support the refugees coming to your land. I don't know how people are holding both. Hold both, go both concepts. No, I support never anywhere in the Middle East, but I want no, no refugees. No, we shouldn't let a single refugee in. It doesn't work that way. Guys, your ideas have to be ideologically consistent.


Sarah writes, Candace, thank you for exposing this. God bless you. You are so welcome. And share this, you guys across the board. 'cause I really do think that what Tucker is speaking about is so important and we will obviously cover extensively what it is that he brings to the forefront. But a lot of people are not educated about what is happening. And we are inching ever closer to World War ii. This person lowly writes, don't forget about Judge Joe Brown. His interview was probably top three. He lived history firsthand. Yeah, what he told me about MLK was crazy. I promise. Next year we're gonna do an entire episode with him, just dedicated to what happened to him when he found out the truth about MLK Jr. Who killed him. Little note here, guys, it was us and yeah, 'cause this stuff that he told me offline was even more amazing about them shooting into his house and what lengths our deep state will go to to protect his secrets.


Id. Wrights, can you please interview Farrakhan? He's in his nineties. I actually don't know anything about Lewis Farrakhan because when I got into politics, I was always told you can never speak about or know anything about Louis Farrakhan because he's a raging antisemite. And I believe that, to be honest. Totally believe that. Because why would people say that if it wasn't true? And these were people very much on the right and yeah, I'm just gonna go ahead and be honest about that. That was what I was told. There are a lot of comments saying Get well soon and praying for you. My producer notes, thank you so much. It's okay. I will survive. You know, when I'm sick, you, you don't really, you're not really allowed to be sick when you have toddlers. It's kind of a life's tough. Get a helmet. My husband's been very sweet.


I'm drinking like a concoction right now. I don't know what my cousin put into this. It's like crazy. She's got a ginger, turmeric, oranges, lime, lemon. And it's not bad, you know? But I've, I've thrown the I, my hands are like shaking. I've taken like Tylenol. I hate taking pills. I have taken Claritin. I'm just telling, talking you guys way too much about my personal problems. Again, my perspective, mom's life's tough. Get a helmet whenever you are sick because your kids are not gonna just not be your kids one morning and give you a break. So you gotta get outta bed, get to work and do what you must do. Oh guys, before I go, Christmas door is up. I'm so excited. We have such great Christmas door stuff. We look at my make Christmas Christian again shirt.


I just love it. We even have like an ugly sweater, a very ugly crisis kink sweater, which is super cute. You can see that on the right hand side there. My favorite is that pink one, the tour divorce. It's so good. Hold on, I'm gonna pull it up for you guys. Here it is. It's so cute. Look at this. This is just, it says in the front, forbidden hist, covering the mic here. It says in the front, forbidden history. And then on the back it's just like all the things we're not supposed to know. Yeah. Oh yeah. Vaccines. World War ii, Winston Churchill, bombing of dressed in the Cult of Science, Malaysia Airlines, flight three 70, deep State, the Christian Holocaust, Mary Fagan, Charles Manson, the ccia A this is like, yeah, you know that meme of me that always goes around where people are like, why I'm not invited to Thanksgiving anymore.


And then it's just like me being like, babe, well stick it easy tonight. And then I'm just like, I don't trust the CIA. They assassinated. Like this is, this is really a tribute to the real Candace Owens and all of you guys who know, like we know like we the moon landing. Mm, I got questions about that. I got a lot questions about that. Anyways, you guys, we'll see you tomorrow. I'm gonna cover the Pete Hegseth thing tomorrow because that's super, super interesting. I should rock this by the way. I actually usually don't like pink on me, but this, I felt like we did a really nice soft pink on this forbidden history one. And that would look kind of cute. I might wear this tomorrow guys, If you wanna dress like me or you're gonna have to overnight it. All right, we'll see you then.