
All Right guys. Happy Friday. You made it to the end of another week and it is a Happy Friday indeed because Christ is King is still trending over on x. I absolutely love it. I'll give you a bit of an update on my thoughts. I truly think that it was another good thing in the end. What else do we have for you guys today? Well, Harvey Weinstein has given me a major public shout out in the Daily Mail and the New York Post for looking at his case objectively, and I appreciate that. Also, I of course have an update for you all on the Blake Lively case because we are learning that Hugh Jackman Wolverine will be deposed and I suspect that that might be making Ryan Reynolds extremely nervous and I'll tell you why. On that note, judge Lehman has come back with a firm answer on the attorney's eyes only designation that we discussed.


So are we getting these Taylor Swift text messages, yes or no? Let's find out. Welcome back to Candace. Okay, I wanna say this right at the top. For some reason, every time that I try to say Hugh Jackman, I keep saying Hugh Hefner. So if I do that throughout this episode, please excuse me, I don't, I don't know why I just can't get Hugh Jackman out. And I've said it like 22 times and been corrected by my team. But anyways, we actually haven't discussed him much at all throughout this case, which is kind of strange. I don't really know why we didn't kind of do a deeper dive onto Hugh Jackman and the role that he played in all of this when we've looked at everybody else, maybe secretly because I was an X-Men, X-Men Stan, I absolutely love the X-Men movies and maybe there was a piece of me that just didn't want him to be a part of the bullying squad against Justin Bald.


Alas, we have to look at this case objectively, and he was in fact a part of the bullying that happened to Justin Bald. Whether or not he wants to admit that or sees that, here are the facts ready. We know that he was standing alongside Ryan Reynolds in every single one of these scenes on Deadpool and ine where Nice pool was introduced and then abused and then assassinated in a very graphic overdone manner because ha ha ha, that's really funny. To kill people that you have an issue with in real life by turning them into characters, it is highly unlikely. Therefore, that Hugh Jackman was not therefore aware, at least aware of why his quote unquote best friend Ryan Reynolds was writing in all of these lines, especially because we did the timeline and we showed you that this was not initially supposed to be a part of their principal filming.


And then they went back and they did some filming after the Sag after strike and somebody had admitted that they had done all of that dog poo dog pool filming. I said, dog poo that too. Dog dog pool filming at the very end of the movie. So it's interesting, it's very interesting. Hugh would have known exactly what his best friend was thinking, especially because it wasn't a part of the larger plot of the movie. Hugh Jackman was also in the now infamously cringe. It ends with us promotional skit that had nothing to do with promoting the movie, which was about domestic violence where Ryan directed it and he brought in his mom, and Blake was in the background.


We learned that. But he also brought in his best friend because he just wanted a little bit of a-list power there. And when you're really obviously trying to be a high school bully, you wanna be like, we're the cool kids and you're nothing. And what better way to make him uncomfortable than to promote his movie? This him being Justin Baldon, he's movie and bring in an Alister to mock him. And so Hugh Hefner played himself. Ryan's quote unquote best friend as he was speaking to Brandon Lennar and Brandon Lennar is of course supposed to be Justin Bald. Let's take a listen to 20 seconds of that clip just to remind, jog your memory rather on what exactly Hugh Hefner said. No, It's not. Every day a guy gets to interview the love interest of his best friend's wife and the guy trying to replace Ryan as a husband and me as his best mate.


Holy, what the hell are you doing? Messing with my best buddy's wife, sir, I have no idea what's happening at all today. And So I also wanna remind you that Hugh Hefner then appeared at the, it ends with us Premiere again, not his movie, kind of weirdly. He's hitting the red carpet with them. He obviously knows what is going on. What would that conversation have been on the way to the premiere as they made Justin bald go really, really early and then stuffed him in the basement? Again, this was all just meant to be a power display and hug. Jackman played a role in it. He did. So he was one of the unnamed dragons, If you will, in all of this.


And it looks like for that, he is being awarded for his contributions with a deposition. All right, so check out this headline. You can see the daily mail. It says Surprising new twist in Blake Lively Justin bald legal battle as Hugh Jackman is pulled into the saga. And then it tells us that according to a source, Hugh Jackman is going to be deposed before the trial because Baldon, he's legal team wants to get the full scope of Reynolds conduct during the time that it ends with us was being filmed. An insider also told the male that quote, he will be deposed if this goes to trial. There is no way that he cannot baldon.


He's legal team is doing everything they need to get a full scope of Ryan's conduct during the time that it entered with us was filmed as Ryan's good friend who starred in the film and was with Blake and Ryan many times in private during that time. His deposition will likely be crucial. Crucial. They're not leaving any stone unturned. Now I'm gonna tell you why this is interesting to me because I have a lot of questions about Ryan Reynolds Bromances, his various bromances over the years. We've talked about him and Jake Gien Hall, and obviously this has been a bromance that has been very much thrown in the public face. Ryan's kind of perpetually, highly publicizing his bromance is is is something that I find to be quite strange, right?


Mostly because he's a 48-year-old man, Ryan Reynolds, he has four kids and he seems to dedicate a lot of time and resources like financial resources to trying to convince the public that these bromances are perfectly normal. And we're not really asking for that convincing. Like I don't need people to convince me that guys can hang out with one another, but he feels like he has to make that effort. So he is like, nothing's weird here. Nothing's weird. Bromances are so normal. I mean, no, notoriously, that's the reason why he flew out. Liz Plank, Justin Baldon, he's podcast partner, flew her all the way over presumably to the UK to provide her expert testimony as to why Bromances are like totally chill, right?


They're totally okay. Remember, here's what she had to say in his rec sum documentary about that. The definition of the word romance is, is just, it's a platonic relationship between two men. There's no female equivalent to the term romance. The female equivalent is friends. And so the fact that we need a term to describe two men going out to dinner, I think is very revealing about what men are allowed or are not allowed to do and how much self-policing there is when it comes to their relationships with other men. Though bromance is almost this permission for men to connect and to show love to each other because it's like a, it's like a joke.


So I'll ask the question who, who out there needed that to be explained to them? Like who needed to be like needed this justification paid for to bring an expert to tell you that guys can go out to dinner and it's totally chill. It's a weird thing for them to be trying to constantly tell us. And he's always playing this role of kind of making a lot of gay jokes and like trying to normalize all of this, all of these gay jokes. But nobody's actually asking him to do that. Not the gay community, the or, or the heterosexual community. And this is why this is interesting because regarding Q Jackman, in case you were unaware, he recently divorced his wife of 27 years. Her name is Deborah Lee Furnace.


27 years is a very long time to be married. They announced their separation to the public in September of 2023. Now, just to plot that on a timeline for you, that was in the midst of the principle filming for Deadpool and Wolverine, which got abruptly, abruptly paused in that September due to the SAG AFTRA strike. The strike began in June, I believe. And in September, Hugh Jackman announces that he and his wife are separating. Now, factually speaking, no judgment from me, but Hugh Jackman has been plagued with rumors of homosexuality throughout his entire career that has been speculated for a host of reasons. Some fair, some not.


Some people just never really bought into him. At the peak of his career, having married a woman that was 13 years, his senior, some might say, oh, that's ages. People thought this is quite strange. He was 28 years old when they got married. She was 41 years old. So many people were saying right off the bat, no, no, no, no, no. This guy is using her as a beard, which is the term that people use when you're in like one of these cover marriages. And like I told you, that accusation, it can be real in a lot of circumstances. It goes on a lot in Hollywood. And we'll get into that in my book club and we read Hollywood Babylon. Anyways, people really began upping the questioning of his sexuality after he played this really flamboyant character in the Broadway play.


The Boy from Oz, that was back in 2003. The story is about an openly gay singer songwriter named Peter Allen. And what stood out to them in that production was the fact that Hugh Jackman opted to kiss his male co-star throughout this production. Even though the original, in the original screenplay, there was no kiss between the male stars. So it was just sort of gratuitously added, which I hope there was an intimacy coordinator, that's all I can say, right? Anyways, hears a little snippet of that play and the rumors just kept happening and kept happening throughout his career.


They became so persistent and consistent that it culminated in an interview on 60 Minutes Australia where he and his wife at the time Deborah Furnace responded. And she was quite frustrated about people always asking whether or not her husband was in fact gay. Take a listen, Appearing on stage as Peter Allen a decade ago was pivotal in his professional career. But ever since it's raised speculation that Jackman is gay and his marriage to Deb a sham. Now I read that it's only recently that you've said that these rumors about your sexuality are starting to continue.


Oh, Please. If I was, I would be. I don't think it's, to me not the most interesting thing about a person anyway. But I, I do get frustrated for Deb because I see de go, this is just crazy. That is Just wrong. It's like it's a lie. It's just the bottom line. So it's just offensive. If he was gay, fine, he would say he's gay. It has gotten so outta whack that they, it's, it's stupid and yeah, it's annoying because it's not true. That's Right. So you as an actor, you can't be able to sing dance Yeah and be straight, Right? Well, you know, it's just ridiculous. Okay? So despite them protesting that the rumors didn't really cease and it wasn't helped recently when there was some very obvious PR planting regarding his new quote unquote new relationship, okay?


Immediately following his divorce, rumors were seated in the press. I'm telling you, this is a PR team doing this that he was dating his co-star Sutton Foster. She's the co-star in another music Broadway musical that he is participating in. This is called The Music Man. And I'll tell you where it gets weird. So they instantly started seeding this rumor like, yo, well maybe he got divorced 'cause he's in this relationship with Sutton Foster. But then he moved to set up a paparazzi shot with People Magazine, like an exclusive paparazzi shot in People magazine of him and Sutton Foster walking hand in hand down the street so that they could confirm the rumors of them dating publicly. I'm not kidding. So this is where it says exclusive Hugh Jackman, Sutton Foster, step out hand in hand for dinner date.


And then you can see people mag people's photos, exclusive people photos here they are just like kind of the perfect, I don't know, like I walk hold my husband's hand and we're like looking at it, that one really kills me. This photo right here where they're just kind of like staring into each other's eyes and smiling and they both are dressed kind of perfectly and walking down the street. I think in most circumstances when you're dating someone and holding hand or married to someone holding hands, you're just gonna have like a weird face, right? You know what I mean? You're like, eh, like getting outta the car. Probably like you're arguing, you really have something like in your eye and people are like, what's going on? But they're like perfectly glamorous coming out of this restaurant. And so other publications even pointed out that this was clearly a staged photo op that was done in done in this effort to hard launch their relationship to the public.


And then 36 hours later they were photographed again, laughing and smiling on a morning walk in Los Angeles, which is like one of the favorite fake pap shots. Like we're they caught them on a walk once again captured and distributed by the same magazine people Magazine seems to be always there for them. That's likely the connection for whoever the PR agents are for the most of that, both of them. And they are smiling and looking right at the camera on this totally natural walk. Okay, so my question would just be, If you are in a real relationship, why would you have to do this? Why would you have to have your PR agents elect to catch you holding someone's hand and smiling perfectly? I think it's a bit strange. Anyway, so back to Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds.


They're in this bromance at the time that he separates from his wife. And you just wonder if that's also partially the reason why Blake's team is adamant that they need this a EO determination, right? They, they want this, the judge to agree to an attorney's eyes only designation to protect as they term it, highly confidential information that could destroy the careers of the third party people that are involved. Okay? So third party, meaning they're not listed in this lawsuit as plaintiffs or defendants, but they're third parties and they're gonna get deposed and we're gonna get to subpoena some information and they're going like, we need a this a EO designation because their careers would be ruined if the public found something out about them.


It just makes you ask what truth could be so poisonous to someone's career that if revealed it would be over? It would have to be that in some manner or another, that person is a fraud, right? In in some manner or another, that person is a fraud. So whether it's how they're publicly presenting their sexuality, whether it's how they're publicly presenting their brand, Allah, Taylor Swift, I'm a nice girl. And then you find out she's actually a really mean girl that would be ruinous to her career, right? Because you'd go, how? How? Who are you? You, you invest in these people because you think they're telling you the truth and you would just be shocked by that. So I'll tell you, judge Lehman has reached a decision about that designation.


Now, just to briefly remind you, what they wanted that for was essentially to remove the judge from the process of declaring documents a EO attorney's eyes only. So Blake Lively's team was like, we wanna be able to decide by ourselves as attorneys that this text message between Taylor and Blake Lively is a EO, which means no one else can see it, but the attorneys, and we don't need to go to the judge's chambers to Duke that out with the O. Like it's like if we say it is, you just gotta go with us. Essentially they become their own judges. And obviously Blake, Justin Baldwin's team said, no, we don't want that. We just want this to be like a limited scope confidential confidentiality agreement.


And the court protective order, the standard court protective order should suffice. Well, judge Lehman came back with a decision to allow a limited A EO, which I think is exactly what Justin Bald Joni's team was asking for, certainly not what Blake's team wanted because the judge will still be involved. If the attorneys disagree on that designation, then they're gonna have to go to the judge and they're gonna have to duke it out and argue that this does not deserve to be attorney's eyes only and it's relevant to my case. So we're gonna take a look at that order. Here are the four points in which the judge is saying under a limited scope, they will be allowed to mark attorney's eyes only assuming the two attorneys agree. A, they have trade secrets, confidential business plans, marketing plans and strategies for clients other than the parties in this litigation, confidential business projects or leads on projects for clients other than the parties in this litigation.


Confidential creative projects or ideas other than those involved in this litigation. Of course, nobody wants that. Nobody cares if you know Hugh Ackman we find out in a text is working on a project with Lady Gaga. I don't know. That's not exactly relevant and of course he should be able to keep that as proprietary to his business plans. B, you have security measures taken by parties or third parties. Of course, we don't really need to know who they're using for security, how they're getting in and out of places that we just don't need it. See medical information of parties or third parties. Again, that is an obvious designation. Like no, and it wouldn't be ruinous to their career by the way, necessarily, but like it's just not our business to know what ailments they're facing, what drugs they're taking.


I get that. That's totally fine. And D, highly personal and intimate information about third parties and highly personal and intimate information that's very interesting about parties other than information that is directly relevant to the truth or falsity of any allegation in the complaints in this case. And I think D is where it's gonna get choppy in the judge's chambers. I think that they're not gonna agree on this, right? Because I mean, what happens if a text message, as we said, like intimate relationships, what happens if there's a text message? Like I said, Taylor Swift, which is coming outta a relationship with Joe Allen, Hugh Heman was coming, coming outta this relationship with Deborah Furnace.


They're talking to their quote unquote best friends. What if it comes out that, I don't know, I'm making this text up completely, but Taylor Swift texts Blake Lively and says, I'll give you a connection. You can burn Justin Baldoni with my Dragon fire like I did to Joe Allen. Ooh, icy. What's the, and then it probably what's gonna happen is Blake's team is gonna argue that's ruinous to Taylor Swift's career. And then you're gonna have Brian Friedman in the chambers like, excuse me, this is unbelievably relevant because it's showing that this was a part of a larger plan to harm him and they were using this example of what she did Joe out.


And like that's the kind of stuff where it's gonna get very dicey. They're, these attorneys are not gonna agree on what's relevant to the case because I tend to agree with Brian Friedman, it's all relevant. I I, If you find out that Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Huffman are have a relationship or something, it does change significantly. It tells you about the mindset. I mean there's so many things that are relevant for the jury to understand about what was going on in these people's lives. That's why even I said, I was like, what was her mentality coming out of a five-year relationship with Joe Allen? Did she just wanna blow some fire and just kind of, you know, do some things, do some hood rats up with her friends, like I wanna do all the time every day Miss p, I just wanna do hood rat up with my friends. Maybe that's how Taylor Swift felt.


So I think it's gonna get dicey there. We're gonna see what exactly they decide, what exactly the judge agrees to. I think, we'll piece by piece, the trial is not supposed to be until 2026 March. So they certainly have time. And I think right now, if I'm Blake's team, I'm thinking about folding. I'm like, I'm not really comfortable with this and I don't feel confident about this and maybe it's time to fold and talk about settlement. I'll also show you this really quickly on page nine of the judge's decision, he writes before the parties make an a EO designation, the protective order places on them, the burden of determining that the information is not directly relevant to an allegation in the pleadings, which is essentially him saying like, you are going to have to explain to us why you don't think it's relevant to the pleadings for us to know this.


And I think it's all relevant. I think it's all obviously not health information, but you can't really get into somebody's mindset and If you don't understand the communications that they were having with their friends while they were doing these promo skits, while they were talking, while he was talking to his mom about reading those lines, like, we need to see all of that. So what does this mean? Yeah, well it's gonna get interesting. It's already interesting. We, we are obviously learning that he's getting deposed and I, like I said, I think Friedman's team is probably feeling really good right about now. That's what I would say because it's all relevant and it's all going to come out.


All Right guys, just want to remind you about PreBorn. Oh wait, one more thing I have to add here. Taylor Swift is allegedly in hiding, and this was, this actually premiered in the Daily Mail that she's allegedly in hiding, that she's very concerned about being pulled into this case. Again, I will ask the question, what is it that she is so fearful of? Because I would not be fearful to be pulled into a case. I feel like I conduct myself in private ha as I produ, as I conduct myself in public. And so they're basically saying she's aware of all the speculation of what's happening. She doesn't wanna, she doesn't wanna get dragged into this case. She doesn't wanna be deposed, she doesn't want to be subpoenaed in this case and she just wants to go be happy with Travis Kelsey and they keep trying to blur this message out. And that just makes me think that she did something, that there's a major Oh here for her and that's why I think they're going to fold anyways. Onto PreBorn. What do Andrea Belli, Steph Curry, Justin Bieber and Tim Tebow all have in common? Well, all of their mothers were encouraged to end their pregnancies because when a woman is facing an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured into ending her child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and those around her are telling her that the baby is not the right choice. The baby is not even a life yet. That's where the ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn in their network of clinics offer compassionate, loving care to mothers and the support they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. So If you consider yourself pro-life, it's time to join forces with PreBorn. Together we can empower women to choose life empowering the truth of motherhood, which transforms families and futures. One ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of the lives that you help to save. So donate by dialing pound 2 5 0 and saying the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby, or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, pure talk. If there are two things in life that are certain it will be death and taxes. Now you know there's a third as well. If you're with Verizon at t or T-Mobile, you could be saving a fortune every month by switching to Pure Talk. Pure talk. My cell phone company is cutting the fat from the wireless industry for just 25 bucks a month. You can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data on America's Most Dependable 5G Network. The average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure Talk that's real money back in your pocket. And with Pure Talk's US customer service team, you can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now If you go to pure talk.com/owens to make the switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's pure talk.com/owens to start saving today. Pure Talk Wireless by Americans for Americans.


Okay, so this is really, really funny. Here's the thing, If you don't lie, you don't have to look like a fool. When one of your lies gets debunked, it's, I know that sounds like obvious advice, just tell the truth. It's like the Judge Judy advice, just tell the truth. You don't have to have a good memory, you don't have to worry about things coming back to haunt you. And So I genuinely got such a chuckle that in the midst of this Christ is king, non debate, I should just call it this, Christ is King random Lent hit where people are trying to pretend this phrase was an is antisemitic. And by people I mean this very small group of a DL sponsored analysts that work for the Network Contagion Research Institute, whatever the deal is, in the midst of them doing that, at the same time, Harvey Weinstein, who is Jewish and who spent, who gave so much money to the A DL has spoken out to page six about me.


And the actual title here is hilarious. I know how much this writer struggled to write this because page six was the, they, they were the group that pushed stop Antisemitism's labeling of me as Antisemite of the Year. So this headline reads why Harvey Weinstein showed off a toothless grin in court and is raving about Antisemite of the Year, Candace Owens from Behind Bars. So this is just funny because the amount of effort it takes because you, they were a part of this smear of me as an anti-Semite and now they have to play this game of like journalist twister and, and completely twist and contort themselves to explain like, no, like she is Adolf Hiller. She just also is trying to get this Jewish man freed from prison because I believe he was wrongfully convicted.


And I'm showing people all the facts here and yeah, you, they just look foolish. You look foolish. And If you had told the truth in the first place, If you had told the truth last year, If you didn't pretend that I said all of those awful things that I harbored hatred in my heart for Jews because I don't support peeping net and Yahoo, you wouldn't have to look this foolish. Anyways, Harvey Weinstein a called, called page six. Apparently that's what they said. They said he was in a good mood over his quote, highly unlikely relationship with a controversial right-wing pundit. Candace Owens, who was named Antisemite of the Year by the Watchdog Group, stop antisemitism. He said quote, my views are completely different from hers, but she's tough and tenacious. He said, calling her a superstar after Owens has been arguing Weinstein's innocence on her podcast.


He said quote, she approached a friend of mine and then she approached me and I said, Candace, I'm a huge supporter of the Anti-Defamation League. You're not the most popular person on my list. That is true. He did say I was not the most popular person and it was fine. 'cause I told him he was not the most popular person on my list either. And then he goes on to say, but I've never seen anything like it. The woman is going to be a superstar, and I have been around stars. She's doing investigative reporting on her podcast. And I love this. I love actually love the timing of this too, because I just think it really shows that at the end of the day, the the truth is going to float to the top and it doesn't really matter. I mean, we allow ourselves to get so boggled down in these smears, these libels, this name calling.


Are you on the, are you Republican? Are you a Democrat? The branding people far right, far left. And what we are seeing, and what I have been kind of saying a lot on this podcast is now is kind of about people who are just craving truth. Doesn't matter if you're left or right, it doesn't matter particularly how you feel about Harvey Weinstein. And he even says that, he said this also to the daily male. He, they published this as an exclusive today. He said, my lawyers are talking about me testifying and it's certainly not out of my purview to take that serious because I'm innocent in every act with these women was consensual on that front. He lavishly, heaped praise on an unlikely ally. Far right provocateur, Candace Owens.


Okay, was I a far right provocateur when I was writing for you Daily mail when I, when you guys paid me to write for you? Okay or no? Just when I became like anti-racial. Okay, cool. Just checking who was recently been defending him on YouTube. She argues that he got railroaded by the Me Too movement, which erupted in 2017 when women began going public with the counts of his behavior. Owen is reporting has helped to shift the public opinion in the lead up to his retrial. He said, quote, we disagree on almost everything, but her level of reporting is unbelievable. He declared, she's not treating me like a hero. She's treating me like a guy who cheated on his wife and was immoral, but didn't sexually assault anybody. I believe she's convinced I'm innocent and I am innocent. He argued and I got caught up in the turmoil of a movement.


That is exactly my take. He's not a good, he's not a moral man. He's not a person that I would align myself with. I think I literally said to him once on the phone, I if I was your wife, you know, I'm just the gr I'm grateful that you were not my husband, you know, and I disagree with the things that you did, but I also took a look at this case objectively. And I think what happened to you in the courtroom was an absolute disaster and it was wrong, a wrongful conviction. And I said that to him before the conviction was overturned. And so I'm glad to see this picking up. If you guys have not jumped into that series, you really should. It's very scary, especially if you're a woman who has a son to recognize that this could happen. Because I believed in corruption in the media.


I never in a million years before, I would say the last couple of years, believed that the corruption could take place in the courtroom at this time. Like in, in 2020. In 2021, I think it was 2020 when he had his initial case that this level of corruption could take place and it would just be about social justice. And so it's, it's almost a more important case because it requires you to be nuanced. It requires you to say, I don't have to like this person in order to want to see justice, actual justice delivered and not social justice. It's a good exercise for all of us. And so you can see that obviously pinned on our YouTube page and next week we will be returning as we keep looking into Jessica, man, the young woman who alleges that she had a five year consensual affair except for one time when it wasn't consensual.


And, but then they continue to have years of an affair. And that was not problematic for the jury, despite the hundreds and hundreds of emails which we're gonna go through because they are quite egregious. So we will be returning to our Harvey series next week leading up to his retrial, which I will be watching diligently because I just am passionate about to making sure that people who are put away are put away for what they actually did and not what people say that they felt.


All Right, guys, want to remind you that it is never too late to continue embracing positive change in your life. If you are ready to maintain the new year, new me momentum, look no further than Nimi Skincare. From gentle formulas to luxurious treatments, Nimi offers everything you need to keep your skin glowing right now. If you use code Candace 10 at checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. Whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is the perfect opportunity to try nimis transformative Skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare isn't just another beauty brand, it's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom proudly made in the USA. So if you're looking for something extra gentle nimis clean fragrance free formulas are ideal sensitive skin and those seeking a pure approach to self-care. So use code Candace 10 today at nimi Skincare dot com. That's NIMI Skincare dot com, promo code Candace 10. And you'll save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself or someone special, the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and keep that fresh start feeling going strong. Well into 2025. That is nimi Skincare dot com. Promo code Candace 10.


Okay, on the crisis King matter. You know, I have a different take on the Justin Bieber situation. It's all kind of happening right now. I really think that, I don't know, I think people feel Christ more at this time. I, I do think that evil is getting caught out faster than it normally does. As proven yesterday, I didn't even reply really to Jordan Peterson outside of looking through the replies when he just launched this hideous attack on me. I have not done anything Justin to Justin Bieber pardoning to Jordan Peterson that I feel was worthy of him saying that. And I think most people saw it for what it was. You know, an a DL sponsored attacked on my character a year on from the initial non unnecessary crisis king attack.


And there is something that people are feeling, which is just like, okay, we're battling demons, but these demons are, are really starting to come out into the light. And I have felt that way. I have done multiple episodes regarding Justin Bieber and people, I see it so obviously, and I, I don't think others do. But the insistence that when Justin Bieber cashes out of Hollywood, which he did, he sold his entire back catalog, I think it was for $200 million. And as you can see, he's trying to pull back from Hollywood. Hollywood is getting closer to him and trying to convince people that he's crazy, that he's got no money, that his wife is spending all of his money, that he's on drugs. And I, I think it's a demonic attack. I do, I think actually it's the opposite. I think when you start a family there, it, it draws you closer to the Lord because you just think about how do I want my children to come up in this life?


And then he thinks about what he lived through. He thinks about the Diddy party, he thinks about how he was so young and he can't believe that Hollywood allowed that to happen to him. I think he's actually getting clarity. So yesterday they were, everyone was freaking out about this post that he put on Instagram and pretending that it meant that he was having some sort of a breakdown. And I'm going, what about this make reads to anybody as a breakdown? I'll read it to you guys. He wrote, people told me my whole life, wow Justin, you deserve that. And I personally have always felt unworthy like I was a fraud. Like when people told me I deserve something, it made me feel sneaky. Like, damn, if they only knew my thoughts, how judgmental I am, how selfish I really am, they wouldn't be saying this.


I say all this to say, If you feel sneaky, welcome to the club. I definitely feel unequipped and unqualified most days and much ado about nothing. They are, oh, oh, he's having some break. I'm like, no, actually what you tend to see is when people get over their various addictions and Justin Bieber has spoken about his, when people tend to come to Christ, they go through this phase, I would almost say of feeling not worthy of it. Ju I would al, I also said this to Russell Brand notoriously. And Russell Brand was like a lefty. And I went on his show and had a really fun time. At the time the show was called, I think Beneath the Skin or Under the Skin. And we had this back forth as a conservative and him as a lefty. And I said to him, I think you're only holding onto all of these perspectives 'cause you feel unworthy.


Like you don't think that you deserve to have all the success when you spent so much time dedicated to your addictions. And yet Hollywood loved you and glorified you through these addictions. And that's the same with Justin Bieber. Like he went through this partying, he was doing drugs, all of this stuff, sleeping with women, and people were coming and be like, you're amazing. And he was rewarded with gifts and money. And so you have, you have to go through this period of guilt. Like I was so unworthy of that. And that's what he's sharing and that's relatable. This is not a sign that there's anything wrong with Justin Bieber actually quite the opposite. That he knows that despite everything that he's done wrong, there was still this sort of hand, like he was still kind of walking. Jesus Christ was still walking next to him. Like, whenever you're ready to put that weight down, Justin, I'm here.


And I think he feels that and that's great. And so now they're reporting that Justin and Hailey Bieber are ready to buy a European mansion because they wanna flee all of this madness, all of this people that are alleging that they're, you know, getting divorced, that he's on drugs. And I think that's a good idea. I think it is good to get out of Hollywood. You don't even have to go all the way to Europe, By the way. You can totally go come here to Tennessee, we'll welcome you in Tennessee. We'll keep you safe. People have good values outside of la. You've just been in that bubble for so long that you probably wouldn't know it. But we don't have, you know, paparazzi running around here trying to snap a picture and saying awful things about people all the time. That's what we have. Like, you know, Barry Weiss for If you were me, just that's what the a DL is for. And guess where the A DL is based?


They're based in Los Angeles, New York and la The vibes are just not vibing there is what I would say. And by the way, guys, I do wanna say thank you so much yesterday for all of you rushing to my defense in those co in that comment section with Jordan Peterson. I was obviously reading everything, but I I am very happy that it happened again. I think last year when it happened, there was just so much noise. I was exiting the company that I was working for. There was this narrative being jumped up that the reason for that was because of like a rampant antisemitism. There was obviously just a few months before that, the October 7th thing. And So I think the public was more receptive to believing that, oh, okay, well obviously this attack on Crisis King is about just kind of like the radicalization that's happening in, in the Christian movement or something.


And now, because this was kind of an attack that was executed out of nowhere, literally out of nowhere, nobody said a thing. Everyone's clear on what's going on here. Everyone is clear that no, this is actually an attack on the faith. This is not anything that's being done sincerely. No one was attacking anyone or screaming the term Christ is king. And So I just wanna thank you guys because it's been just amazing to see the reaction and to have this trending. And once again, this has nothing to do with me. Like I am the conduit for people who dislike me, but it's, it's clearly not me that is offending. It's just Christ's kingship that is offending and always has offended certain people. And they are making that more clear because they are just like demons, you know?


They just can't stop. They can't just let it go. They can't just move on. I have moved on. I have let it go. I have allowed the smear some liables I have rebuilt my life. I had, you know, started this channel in June. We had no idea where it was gonna go last year. And now we're at over 4 million subs. And that is because I think when you tether yourself to truth and you don't have evil in your heart, the attacks can't land. I really believe that. I say that to people all the time. No matter what you're going through, people are lying about you. In the end, the truth will be revealed. And that is just what is done in the darkness eventually comes to light. And I think so much more this year is going to come to light. And I don't fear that. I love the light, I love it. I think it's the best disinfectant. I I really await that day for people to really see what is happening behind the scenes.


And I, it, it is something of note to me that the a DL was behind this study, this report done during Lent, and they were again, last year, the people that were orchestrating the Lent lent an attack on me. All that I thought was very interesting. So the timing is suspicious and I think people are definitely starting to notice. Anyways, let's take a look at some of your comments. Get into this. Rose writes, Candace, never give up Giving Truth, Christ King, here's a donation for your series on Weinstein instead of your debate with the Daily Wire guest. Thank you. I'd like to get back to the stuff that I'm interested in, which is looking into all of these stories and investigating them.


Gabrielle Ortiz writes, I was shocked to learn about the attack on Crisis King. I travel a lot and when I fly I always wear my Christ King shirt. I've had several people at the airport read it out loud and tell me how they love it. Yeah, it, it is shocking. It was shocking, but it's ultimately a good thing. I think it's going to bring more people in. I think people, I think Christians have been asleep at the wheel in America in particular, are just not realizing that we're the ones under attack. And they're constantly buying into this idea that we have to be the defenders of somebody else's faith. And while your faith is routinely being offended, our faith is routinely being offended. Spend that energy here. It is definitely needed. And also, By the way, shout out to Tim Poole and Mary yesterday on the show. They were up against somebody who was trying to allege no, Candace has done this.


And they were like, Nope, she has not been t controlling anybody with Christ King. So what's up with this? Really? Thank you guys for doing that. I did see that clip. Jana writes, Candace, stay strong in faith. You inspire me to have a stronger faith and I am getting baptized during this lens season crisis King. Glory to God. Yes. That is so exciting. That is such a blessing. Congratulations. And it's a, you feel it like, because I obviously got baptized last year and it was just the most special, like one of the most special days of my life. Truly. I did feel renewed. I did feel committed and I did, I had the comfort of knowing that things would be okay. And I don't know if that makes any sense, but bless you on that.


MIL writes, Candace, thank you for the laugh. Every time you said Hefner and had, did I say it again? I swear. Did I say it guys? I really thought about saying Jackman almost six times. No, I can't tell if my, if they're being heman as half. Oh my gosh. I said Heman. I dunno why. I, I I guys, I practiced so much before we went live today. It just was like Jackman, Jackman, Jackman. But I guess I, I Hugh Hefner for some reason it just like rolls off the tongue rather than saying Hugh Jackman, which is weird 'cause I was a fan of Hugh Jackman, not Hugh Hefner. Anyways, Thors bride writes that poor guy Justin Bieber, I feel so bad for him. I pray he finds comfort in Christ.


Yeah, I, I pray that as well. You know, and, and we should actively pray for him. Truly. Like, think about him and realize that I, I don't know, I just feel like they want him back in a way. And if he has to go to Europe to get that sense of peace, then I hope he does. And I hope that more people do defend him and recognize it as what the media has always been. They just demonically attack people that they feel is pro, that people that are proprietary to them, that left them like, you know, they're like deranged ex-boyfriends. It's like, no, you were ours when you were on drugs. We loved you so much and now you're trying to clean up your life. And we don't do that because we're the media and we celebrate you not when you're sober, but we celebrate you when you have, you know, confirmed yourself to, to serve the devil.


And, and that's what it feels like for all these people. Russell Brand, they loved him when he was an addict. They loved all these people when they were addicts and now they hate them when they get sober and they come to Christ. Irma writes, thank you. I credit your husband for my return to Catholicism. He is an awesome apologist for the church. He has helped me rethink what forgiveness is and what I love and miss about my church. Love your show. Well, I gotta tell you, I credit him as well with me being baptized to the Catholic faith and I feel So, I am so behind on him when it comes to everything. Just his wisdom, his theology. He's so deep on it. I know so many people say you, he, he should have a Catholic podcast. It's just not in his nature to be front facing, which I love by the way.


I adore that about him. I adore that he's English and much more reserved than I am. But he is, he's such a spiritual steward and it, it, it is because of how firm he is in the faith that I can be so firm in my faith, even as someone who very much considers myself to be a beginner and likely to make so many mistakes here. And I feel like, ah, I have a platform and I don't wanna make those mistakes because people will go see, she doesn't do this right or doesn't know what's right. So I always just ask people to just, you know, give me time and, and know that I am I'm doing the work as best as I can, but I will always defend us when, when the fight is brought to me as I did yesterday. So with all that said, you guys, on Monday we jump back into our Harvey Speaks series.


So be sure If you have time over this weekend to get to the beginning of this. It is so great to see people saying in the comments that I've completely changed their mind on it as I told you I would. 'cause I don't look at cases unless I really feel that there is something there. If you wanna support our show and support our independence, you can head to Candace Owens dot com, join the book club if you'd like to. You can also become a member so that you have access to the shot in the dark series, which is on vaccines If you are a parent or you can just give you, just donate to us because you think we are awesome and we are fighting for the right things at Candace Owens dot com. Either way, we will see you guys back here on Monday.