
All right, I'm really excited about this. Let's get ready to rumble. We are on rumble, not on YouTube today, obviously, because Oh, I, Got, Fired, From, YouTube. Darn man. I'm having quite the year. I don't know what is going on. So we're gonna talk about that. We're gonna talk about the reasons why I've been kicked off of YouTube and demonetized on YouTube. I think we all know, so we're gonna have to say that out loud. And we're also gonna get into just talking about neocons in general because Tucker Carlson is now firing back at his critics in the media who had so much to say about him hosting a quote unquote Hitler apologist. Now we're talking about Hitler Apologetics. I don't know what we're even saying anymore. I think what they meant to say was he hosted a historian and he had some information that most of the public is not aware of on his show last week.


So there's a lot going on, and it seems like a lot is getting exposed. I'm super happy, remarkably happy and positive about it, and we're gonna cover it all today on Candace. All right, so here's the deal. We knew it was coming. Everybody knew it was coming. Everyone said it was coming, except for the people who are just so far down in conspiracy rabbit hole. They were like, CandaceOwens is definitely an op. And she, why hasn't her account been banned yet? I'm like, I just started my account in June. Maybe it hasn't been banned yet because I, I wasn't given a chance.


Like give me like two months before you start demanding that I get strikes to poop to prove that I'm a real one. It's, it's so ridiculous when I see this stuff But. anyways, so the energy was building is what I would say the energy was building because I think back after October 7th, obviously there was sort of this command that everybody had to suddenly align themselves with Israel in a way that certainly became uncomfortable for a lot of people when they just kept dropping bombs. And we, the death count just kept coming up, going up. And once you get to 18,000 plus children being murdered, people are gonna have some questions. Honestly, long before 18,000 children were murdered, people start having questions.


And you can't ask those questions in polite American society if you're in politics because we know, as a fact, the APAC spends, I think this election cycle over $100 million in our elections. and that money is well spent. It's to make sure that journalists and politicians stay in line or else. So we've got like Thomas Massey and maybe like two other congressmen that are willing to stick their necks out. And that's about it. And in terms of political commentators, virtually no one in the mainstream And. so when I did not buck to the trend, obviously then came the absolute demands that I get fired and I lose my platform. And then when I did leave my former place of employment and they got what they wanted, they still were not satisfied because I survived it.


Like, that's the thing, like when they come after you, you're not supposed to survive it. Like they're supposed to be canceled. They're supposed to be, I guess, just so down and out without your old friends and the old platforms that you, you, you couldn't possibly go on. Well, I did go on the show's been more successful than ever. I've been more positive and more happy than ever because I'm finally fully in control of everything myself. Like I get to decide when I want to work and it's totally working with my schedule and my family schedule. and that drives them even more mad And. so what happened? Well, I beat Rabbi Schmoley in a debate and we had some accounts that were quite literally even ahead of the debate, instructing their followers to mass report my YouTube page that I would get a ton of strikes and that I would get demonetized.


Because when they can't beat you in the marketplace of ideas, then they, they just try to manipulate the market. They're like, let's just get her band and demonetized so that she can't make money because people are still watching her content. And that's exactly what they did. And I'll show you this tweet first from Austin. A, a awesome Jew is, is the handle that's on Twitter. 'cause you're gonna really love what Sebastian Gorka follows us up with. So awesome. Jew actually instructs his followers to mass report me on X. And you can see, you can report her YouTube channel here. It was a thread that was done even showing the screenshot of what to press. And awesome Jew began this and you can see, go down and put hate speech against a protected group. And he showed how to do this.


He or she showed how to do this with the Tristan Tate interview that went viral and they were super angry about it and instantly found success. YouTube took that interview down. We said nothing wrong, but they gave that exact reason hate against a protected group. and that person then celebrated online and said, ha, yay, great. Here's the email I got back. Thank you team YouTube for removing this filth. Like we did this ourselves. It has been removed. I gave the instructions and they listened And. so this campaign of every episode that went up that week, by the way, one of the episodes right after that was my episode with Yay. I knew this was coming and I thought that YouTube would do better than to allow it to happen because it was so obvious, but obviously it wasn't something that they took into account.


And they hit me with three back to back reports culminating into a strike and culminating to, into me being demonetized. Now what's super funny about this is neocons neocons are always funny. They're just laugh out loud funny. You should laugh at them because they're like angry little trolls. Like they don't even know how to be anything but authoritarian. And their new thing is just calling everybody stupid. Like that's, you didn't listen to me. You're stupid. You have no idea what's going on. And they're exactly the same as the left. There's no difference between the NeoCon and a leftist except maybe a NeoCon likes lower taxes. And a leftist is actually more authentic. 'cause they're like, you know what?


I'm actually willing to have like a 90% tax rate to get everything that I want. But the, the neocons are like, no, I want low taxes. But pretty much the same thing. I just have a different category of speech that I want to be censored and a different subject in which I will smear everybody who disagrees with me as racist or sexist or anti-Semitic and Sebastian Gorka, don don't even really know if he's an American citizen, if I'm being honest. He's got so many citizenships look in a mirror, he just looks all, he looks angry. I met him a very long time ago actually at the David Horowitz Freedom Center, and he was very kind to me and he is Hungarian, but he also used to work for British intelligence. So he is got like a Hungarian citizenship, a UK citizenship, and also an American citizenship. And none of that.


None of that really for me flagged as weird until he got super strange on the internet about the Ukrainian war. He was hardcore like, we absolutely must support Ukraine. We better not ask any questions. And he started outright attacking any person who was America first, which is amazing because all of these people who are reacting like this are people who had been around Trump back in 2015, 2016. And their, their whole thing is America first. America First America first. But for whatever reason, the military industrial complex, no, no, no, no, not when it comes to war, then it's not American first, then it's American last, then it's everybody should be willing to send their tax dollars overseas. And If, you disagree with that.


Then there is somem that you'll be called, sometimes it's not anm. Sometimes if it's not an ism, it's just like a puppet, like you're a Putin puppet If, you don't agree with the fact that we should be emptying our purses to zelensky. So he started attacking me a while ago and then he tweeted this regarding me being censored despite the fact that a person took credit for this, despite the fact that also I'm gonna show you Rabbi Smoothly was taking credit for this Coka tweets me quote tweet quotes me, me saying, thus far I've had zero strikes. And now I have been inundated with three back-to-back content hits within minutes. We all know exactly who is behind this and why do You know why? We all know who's behind this and why? Because they literally told us they were behind it and they're proud of this.


But fashion Goca ignores that. And he tweets at me and he accuses me of being a Jew hater. Yeah, I'm not kidding. It's just his exact, his exact tweet quote. We all know exactly who was behind this. I guess you are the kind of Jew hater who doesn't have the courage of their convictions to say it out loud, but at least you've dropped the fae believer Christ is king shtick. He says, don don't know why they just can't stay away from Christ. I just don't get it. Like why? Why is, there's no reason to just introduce a crisis king narrative here. And it went about just as expected, but 800 comments attacking Gorka. And he's quite embarrassed about this. Now he's realizing that maybe the American people really are American first. It's very shocking. And they see right through this leftist tactic of smearing somebody as a Jew hater to the, these are just some of the comments under his post unfollow unfollowed Sebastian Gorka evidently approves of social media platforms Censoring wrong.


Think this person writes, can you prove her wrong without attacking her with illogical fallacies? This person says one of the smartest high IQ people out there, we love Candace, Sebastian and King. You're not aware. Jesus railed against the Jewish controllers too. Stephanie says unfollowed. Carrie says, wow, calling Candace Owens a Jew hater simply because she has a different opinion than you about what Israel is doing. This is BLM 2.0. You're going to call someone a black hater because they don't support BBL M to better Sebastian Command. Candace is America first stop a name calling of people who don't want war and dead children. RK Miller writes, and you've exposed yourself Candace all the way, sir. Steven writes, so you defame Candace Owens as a Jew hater, wonder if she will sue. Then you go on a bigoted Christian hating attack against Christ is king.


Wow. Wow is correct. So nobody's falling for this. It's weird for me that they can't see the problems that all of us are predicting down the line. Like the party is shifting. It actually, it's not shifting. It's actually just becoming more emblematic of what it was that we were told we were supposed to stand for as conservatives within the MAGA party. We were told that what we were rallying around was an American first message. And now that message is being routinely dismissed as Jew hater, as as Jew hatred. Pardon? As antisemitism, as Vladimir Putin puppetry, whatever it is.


And it, it's just begging the question, what direction is the party going into? Now we're we're seeing a situation where people who aren't adapting to this more NeoCon messaging are just getting screamed at. Like, why aren't you guys getting on board with more pro-choice messaging? Why aren't you guys getting more on board with censorship? Why aren't you guys getting more on board with war? Why aren't you guys getting more on board with children and Palestinian children being blown up? What's wrong with you? Don't you see that Trump needs to win? I I hope that he does win, of course, because we're looking at two different options here and there is very clearly a better option, which is Donald Trump.


But if he doesn't win, are there gonna be some people that regret not addressing this, not addressing this sort of obvious split that's happening right now, not addressing the fact that all of the people who positively hated Trump were very anti-Trump now really love him and are being brought in while the people who were hardcore Trump are asking questions about this particular messaging and essentially being told like, you guys can go out into the cold. We don't really care. November's around the corner. We'll see. We'll see who's right. We'll see who's wrong. But yeah, IIII just don't have a great feeling about it, is what I'll say.


All Right. guys, before we get into some of these stories, I really can't wait to get into this Tucker story. I just wanna tell you guys about Beam. So I'm gonna do my ads here over on Rumble. The thing about sleep is we all know it's the foundation of whole body health. When we sleep well, our minds and bodies perform at their best. Good sleep is both mental and physical. And our daily performance depends on it beams. Science backed dream powder is tested for high quality efficacy and formulated to ease your body into rest, supporting all four stages of sleep cycle to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of five key ingredients, reishi, magnesium, altheine, apigenin, and melatonin. The splint helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now, my listeners get a special discount on their healthy hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. You just mix dream into hot water or milk, you froth it and you get to enjoy it before bed. So If, you wanna try Beam's Bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Candace and you use Code Candace at checkout, that's shop be a.com/ Candace and use code Candace for up to 40% off better Sleep has never tasted better.


Alright, Tucker Carlson, I, it, this is like the interview that no one will stop talking about. I do not know. Well, actually, I do know exactly the reasons why the neocons are up in it. Tizzy because no one can touch the World War two narrative. 'cause World II has now become a religion. It, I don't even know what else to say. It's, it's, it's just a religion. It's like, it's very performative. You can't ask any questions. You can't interject any alternative facts. You can't prod the narrative in any way otherwise, you are going to get hit really hard and called a litany of names. You can get called a Holocaust denni. You can be called a Hitler apologist. You can be called a Nazi or a Nazi apologist. And there's very little fact in there.


They're just calling you names. And usually when people do that, when they employ that sort of psychology, it's because they're lying about something, right? There would be no other reason to do it. I mean, If, you gave yourself like a different situation and you were not allowed to prod the narrative. You would suddenly, your instincts would go, what am I missing here? Like, If, you were just If. you had to Sherlock Holmes it, and you were actually a detective and you get the phone call and a woman's like, my husband beat me. And you go and you see her and she's got black eyes and she's got children in the corner that are looking scared. And you go, oh, okay. And she's like, are you gonna arrest him? And you'd go, yeah, of course I I'm gonna arrest him. I'm just, I'm just gonna take a rapport. I'm gonna talk to the kids. And then she's like, no, no, no, you can't talk to the kids. We passed speech laws.


We mean I can't talk to the kids and and see what they saw. No, no, no, no. We passed speech laws. I can't tell you what's happened. And, and then you can't also ask the neighbors what they saw. You can't introduce any other facts other than what, what exactly I'm telling you. Otherwise, you're a person that supports domestic abuse. This is kind of the psychology regarding World War ii, where they are essentially saying that If, you do your job and your job of course is to try to get a full picture of events, right? It's the only way that you can actually prevent things from happening in the future. Truly, if your fear is that something could reoccur in the future, then you would want that piece of history or that particular event to be fully audited, fully audited, every aspect of it, every leader, every person involved.


So you can actually say, the reason we're doing this is the aspiration is to never happen again. When you start saying don't speak about it, that is not going to prevent things from happening again. It's actually just going to make people arrive at their own conclusions and they're naturally going to be suspicious of you. So when Tucker Carlson hosted Darryl Cooper on his show, a historian, and he began introducing some alternative facts about Winston Churchill, which were fascinating. And by the way, it's not something that is new. I, I obviously got in trouble for the same thing by telling you guys to watch a documentary that I didn't produce the B-B-C-P-B-S. They shared this documentary, it was shared with me actually by a priest and it shocks me called the Savage Peace.


I never knew that we genocide of the Germans in peace time. And by we, I mean the allies we did. It's a fact. I'm sorry if that fact upsets people. I'm so sorry that I am sharing with you guys the truth about an ethnic cleansing that took place with 12 million Germans. I'm sorry that I know that that's, that's the crime. They're, they don't want people even knowing the horrific things that the allies took place in like Dresden, right? They don't want you talking about Dresden. And you go, why is that? And Tucker Carlson has the rights idea about why that might be. So he went on to Charlie Kirk show and here's what he had to say about the blowback that he received. Take a listen. I was amazed in the last 24 hours, you know, you platform. I had Seth Dylan from the Babylon Bee who's like some anti woke guy I guess text me.


I can't believe you platformed him. Platformed. You mean talk to him. It's like, okay, I thought you were the anti woke guy. But anyway, people are very upset. And look, I, it's okay to be upset about a difference of opinion. I totally get it. I'm frequently upset about differences of meaning, but I can't help but detect in the hysteria over all of this, trying to turn Darrell Cooper, maybe he's got eccentric views or not, but into some sort of a Nazi and me into a platformer of Nazis. I detect in that something much bigger, which is a kind of desperate, hysterical attempt to hold on to certain ideas or founding myths, some of which may be worth holding onto or not, or whatever.


I'm agnostic. Mythologies can be important as astutely pointed. I totally agree. Blake Neff made that point. Yes. Whom I love. I Just, Blake's amazing. I just So I. Totally agree. He made that point to me last night. You know some, you know, all societies are founded on myths and it's important to have a founding myth. Yes. And maybe this isn't the worst one. I think that's a great point. And he may be absolutely right, but a confident society, a confident ruling class would be able to explain that in the way that he did non hysterically rationally. And that's not what we're seeing at all. We're seeing people like losing control. And I think that is sort of the point of it. They are losing control actually For those, I didn't listen to the episode quickly. What was the synthesis would you say? I mean, synthesis Was, well we talked about all kinds of different things.


Yes. Jonestown Cult, something else. Completely the sadness of modern Britain, the destruction of Ireland, which is really a fixation for me. 'cause it's just so bizarre. Why would you wanna destroy Ireland? What did they do wrong? you know, replace with people who weren't from Ireland, they not suffered enough. I mean, well kind of. They were never in imperial power. It's all very weird. But anyway, and it worth talking about. But no, Darryl Cooper said, I think the, the villain of the Second World War period was Churchill, which is a provocative thing to say for sure. Yeah, I like that he's terming that a founding myth because at a certain point you do realize that aspects of what we were told the way in which we were told about World War ii, and I'm speaking specifically about American education since that's the only education that I've had, a public education in America.


You are, you are told the story like it's a, like it's a fairytale reflectively. Like honestly, genuinely, when I reflect on it, it's stupid. What we are taught about World War ii, it's so black and white, there's no in between. It doesn't even answer questions. Like when you have a question, there's random, well, we just had to drop anatomic bomb to end the war and we were amazing and they were awful and the Germans were doing this to the Jews. And they, and then when you ask the question like, why was any of this happening? They're, you're not allowed to ask any questions, right? Like thinking is genuinely not allowed when it comes to World War ii, despite the fact that we'd spend such a significant amount of our time in the classroom and also in Hollywood focusing on World War ii.


And there's a lot of reasons why that is. And when you start learning the truth, it's shocking. For example, Dresden, like we remember Rabbi Schmoley, I guess relying on the American public school system, just sort of casually said like it was nothing. What are you talking about? Who cares about what we're doing to the Palestinians? Who cares if we're dropping more bombs? I mean, we did it in Dresden. No one cares. He said, Winston Churchill's a hero, right? Winston Church, so who cares? We're gonna do Dresden again. And I just have to ask the public, do you understand what was done in Dresden? I remember seeing these images and I'm gonna show them to you right now because it's, it's, it's, they still astonish me of just imagining this German woman, this town field again with Christians, not just Christians, but you also had a ton of refugees who were escaping the Bolshevik Holocaust that were living Inre.


And look at these images of the Christians who were incinerated on the eve of Ash Wednesday. See another photo here that's a woman just live incinerated. And when you look into the things that were said about this, the fact that it was referred to as a Holocaust, could you imagine? Look at the amount of bodies that were there waking up and people are quite literally have all just been burned to death, women and children. And think about how odd it is, how Rabbi Schmo jumped up there and just said like, whatever, this is just what we do sometimes. So who cares if we're doing this to women and children in Palestine.


So that's one aspect of why they like to protect the narrative and why in every movie that you ever see that you can think about a villain, they always give them a German accent. It's almost like this kind of don't want people to prod the narrative. And we're still trying to insist on Americans only thinking of Germans. And I'm talking all Germans, even people that just speak German as they did in Czechoslovakia as villains. Because what it does is it completely removes us from our humanity. It allows us to give them permission to continue to do inhumane things all around the world by pretending that this stuff is only done to people that are, that are awful and people that are backwards.


When in reality we're talking about innocent women and children. That's, that's a Christian perspective to have we murdered innocent Christians? That's what we did on Dresden. And it was not necessary to do it because it was not a town in which they were attacking for any military gain. In fact, in writings which were declassified, a Winston Churchill communicating with people, he talked about it being the aim to, to terrorize them, to terrorize the Germans. Again, alternative facts that people don't like to hear because they want to become the authority And. so Tucker, obviously they're called out Seth Dylan. Now to be fair, Seth Dylan then tweeted back at Tucker and said in this clip, Tucker Carlson lies and says, I texted him to express outrage that he'd platformed Darrell Cooper.


That's false. He actually texted me. Tucker actually didn't say who texted who first because I'd pub, I'd publicly mocked his interaction with Cooper mockery that he now characterizes as outrage and hysteria and that apparently got under his skin. So I'm not gonna read this whole thing 'cause it's a lot, but I do want to show you what Seth Dylan did, tweet, I guess he's calling this mocking. And I guess, I guess If, you frame it as a joke, it's not hysteria, but after the interview, Seth Dylan tweeted the Holocaust was an unfortunate logistical problem. The Nazis ran out of space for prisoners. Nobody wanted to kill all the Jews except maybe Churchill that dastardly terrorist Tucker finally an honest historian willing to tell us the truth. Yeah, I would say I know, you're trying to frame it like a joke, but it's pretty obvious what you're trying to imply here about Tucker Carlson.


You even retweeted this person, Ashley Rensburg, who said the US in the 1930s suffered a wave of pro-Nazi sentiment, even fervor. We're seeing it return today strangely in the form of Nazi apologetics. So when you retweet someone that is appearing to call Tucker or his guest a Nazi apologist, it would make sense that that might be something that doesn't register to Tucker as fair or as honest. And again, despite all of the hysteria, and it was hysteria that we saw following Tucker sit down with Darrell Cooper, no one has actually pulled out a clip and showed us what specifically Daryl Cooper said that makes him a Hitler apologist.


Because he didn't, he didn't say anything that apologized for Hitler. He just told the public more than they would want the public to know anything that is permitted outside. Outside. There was nothing that is permitted outside of the public education system. And that's crap. And that's the reason why I am now a person that believes that we should all be homeschooling our children because they are not learning anything. We are just being severely propagandized and we are being propagandized really in an effort to support the military industrial complex. That's my view.


All Right. guys, I'm gonna tell you a little bit about Grand Canyon University because it's a private Christian university that's in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. And they believe that we are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights to life, to liberty and the pursuit of happiness. G C's mission is to empower virtuous action through higher education by honoring your career calling you, impact your family, your friends, and your com community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, g online on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. The pursuit to serve others is yours. So Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable visit GCU dot EDU.


So of course one thing that is always permitted is attacking Christians. That's just across the board. They love it. Sebastian Go is like Christ king. Her, her, her. And it's because what we also learn in the classroom is that Catholics are backwards. And that's actually one of the things that drew me into wanting to learn more about Catholicism. Like the more that I learned that virtually everything I learned in the public school system was a lie. And I was intentionally learning things backwards. Like the villains were actually the heroes. And the heroes were actually the villains. And I really saw this in terms of the Catholic faith, like we are lied about, about the Spanish Inquisition. And we are constantly sold this idea that Catholics were backwards and thank goodness for the end of the medieval period.


And thank goodness that finally we allowed intellectuals to get in there and the Enlightenment and the dark ages was over. They were not the dark ages. They, they were an age of ages of remarkable Christian progress. And the more that I saw that I obviously began to study with priests and to ask questions more about history and it brought me to the Catholic faith. And I just loved this headline that I just wanted to show you guys very briefly, briefly here. Pardon? In Vanity Fair, check this out. They are just like, everything's going on in the world in Vanity Fair is just like a hold up. Let me just attack you about Catholics because they're becoming popular for the first time ever. Maybe. And this is a real headline behind the Catholic rights celebrity conversion industrial complex.


Hmm, the celebrity inver, like what industrial complex can Catholics have like two months of people talking about them? I don't understand. The entire ecosystem is built to talk trash about Catholics and suddenly they're like, there's just been too many people. And from this article it says, from Russell Brand to JD Vance, to Candace Owens. What happens when the Catholic Church chases influencers and their legions of followers down the rabbit hole of the right? What are you talking about? They're acting like we all got a phone call or like we were coordinating somehow there might just be the Holy Spirit moving. Right now I, I've actually never met JD Vance when I did meet Russell Brand. He was so far on the left. I mean he said that he was gonna bring a hammer and sickle to my wedding.


You're acting like there's been some coordination between all of us and like I'm picking up phone calls from Steve Bannon, he's like, Hey, I've got the Pope on the line and did you wanna become a Catholic? This really is just, the world has become so evil, but also in that, in this evil sphere, there has also been this reaction where people are pursuing spiritualism and they're pursuing truth. Like in this world of lies, people are going, okay, what is one thing that has remained unshakeable and they're starting to turn to the church. And the more that you look into history and the more that the scales fall from your eyes and the more that you realize that you have been sold a bill of lies, the more I believe that you will land back at the Catholic faith.


I, I, I genuinely believe that 'cause that's been my journey, but I think that's what we're witnessing. It's, it's been so stunning that people believe that it's a conspiracy and it's not, it's not a conspiracy at all. It goes on and it reads as a livestream host with an audience of millions, Owens has built a career premised on outrage. Before 2016, she'd been one among many writers peddling women's interest, hot takes. But when she leapt, right? That year after liberals criticized her plan to create a registry of online trolls, she found new support on the alt-right? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They were basically trying to say that there's some Catholic gang heavily implying if there's a Catholic gang that is circulating amongst the right, lemme tell you, if they had implied that about Jewish people, they, this whole Vanity Fair would, would have to announce that they were bankrupt tomorrow.


No question about it. They could never say this. You could say it about Christians. You could never say this about Jews. It's always open season on Christians. God forbid you critique a Jewish person, God forbid you critique Israel, God forbid you talk about BB net and Yahoo and it's like goodbye. Get this person demonetized off a platform. But again, when it's Christians, people can say whatever the heck it is that they want. All, Right, guys, speaking of Catholics, I do want to, I I have to say I was, my blood was boiling when I went on X and I saw a clip that was circulating of Nick Fuentes talking about me. And you know, he's been just on a tear for two weeks talking trash about me. I have no idea what has motivated this.


I have obviously been dealing with a full onslaught of attacks everywhere from Australia, from the a DL and in addition, Nick Fuentes has joined in on the chorus. And I'm not, I genuinely am not sure what's motivating it, but I just wanna show you what he said. So I can respond to it because I have such a strong opinion on stuff like this and I feel the need to say something. So let's take a listen to Nick Fuentes telling his audience that I, he red pilled me. Take a listen. I red pilled Candace, she's been watching my show for years. Let's just be honest. I've, I've heard enough and I know she's been watching my show for at least four years. I red pilled her, I red pilled a lot of these, you know, and I don't wanna take all the credit.


Me among others, red pilled a lot of people, people like sneak Jake Shields, Myron, yay, whoever. And I'm not taking all the credit, but I and others truth tellers, red pilled people Candace as a public and a private reason. She doesn't wanna talk to me or about me. And I said last week, I have evidence that both her public and private reason are bull and I'm not indiscreet. So I'm not gonna go and spill the beans on everything. And I said last week, if she wants to, she can, but that's not true either. And if I'm pushed and my credibility's on the line, well I'll have to say it.


I don't want to 'cause I'm not an indiscreet person. But you know, you can't just lie and lie. Well I can't talk to him 'cause YouTube, well that's bs Well I can't talk to him 'cause this lawsuit that's bs Well, Nick knew she was, there was a lawsuit. You're right. But I know other things too. So you know, don't don't play with me. I I'll remind you, I'll remind you girl about our texts. When she texted me during the yay thing back in 22, she said, oh, I don't, I don't keep secrets, don don't believe You know I'm gonna expose everybody and blah blah. Well orange, you glad I'm not like you then, right? Because I kept that pretty quiet for a couple years.


Just like I'm keeping this quiet, but don't play with me. Yeah. So First and foremost did not like that 'cause that arrived to me as some sort of a threat. Like he's got like information on me or no stuff behind the scenes And. so let me First and foremost say this, the idea that I have been red pilled by Nick Fuentes, parking aside, just the utter arrogance of that statement. I've been in politics for eight years. There's not a single person that I would say they owe me. I red pilled them. I red pilled this person, it's com a complete nonsense. I never watched a single episode of Nick Fuentes show until after he did, which I have said publicly, the public ex space that was hosted by Lauren Chen.


And it was the first time that I heard his story and I thought to myself, wow, what happened to this when he was a kid was completely wrong. And I never knew what the backstory was and I was quite interested by it. I have never said anything publicly about him. Have not jumped in on everybody saying, you must disavow, you must say this, you must say that And. so to have somebody take my name to lie and pretend that I've been following you for four years, like you're, you're the person who saved me from a left. You have nothing to do with my story. You have nothing to do with my background. And don don't know what purpose it serves to even say this. I have no idea why you would say something that is just so resoundly untrue when it doesn't serve anything.


There's nothing here, there's there, there's, there's just no reason to do it. But parking all of that aside to pretend that there is something, you know about me, like I said this, I messaged him privately. You have my full and explicit permission to release whatever it is that you think you have on me. Like there is nothing that needs to be private. Don't do that. Don't think that there's gonna be some sort of a fear campaign or you're trying to, you know, a little bit of a threat there. Don't make me happy. What are you talking about? You've literally been speaking to yourself on your show and I've said nothing back to you. You're in a corner fighting yourself, picking fights with people and I've done nothing to you, okay? I don't need to have your perspectives.


I'm sorry you don't like that. I'm friends with Dave Smith. I'm sorry it doesn't seem possible to you. There could ever be a legitimate friendship between a Christian and a Jew. But there is one, I like Dave Smith. There's no funny backstory there either. I had him on my show, not because I wanted him as a token, but because my producer was a huge fan of his on my old show and said, Hey, have you ever heard of this guy Dave Smith? And my answer was no, because I know this is going to blow your mind, but your audience is not the same as my audience. You don't make an appeal to suburban moms. I would, I would assume the majority of your audience is male. I also don't even watch Andrew Tate's videos and I'm friends with him. I don't watch his videos because his audience is male. It's just a different market of ideas. It's absurd to think that as a mother of three, I go home and I'm watching all of this male content.


Like, and I think that's part of the reason is there's just such a gap here. It's a totally different thing when you've had three kids in three years and you have a household and the way that your brain works and what you do with your spare time when you have a show that's five days a week. And when you're not, you know, when you're in a situation like Nick Fuentes and you really believe that if someone reflects anything that you have said, the idea must have come from you. And again, like I said, I won't make any apologies or excuses or capitulated this idea, but I can't be friends with Dave Smith who is actually just an awesome guy. He really is. Like, I met him because somebody pushed me to have him on my show. And then I had one of the best conversations that I've, that I had ever had on my old show.


And I thought, I really wanna keep learning from this person. Do you think I've never had Jewish friends in the past that I I don't have friends from high school? And in your mind it's, it's warped to believe that the only way they can be friends is if they're using each other as tokens. And your, your idea here is that unless people agree with you, they're a fraud. And also unless somebody has the same perspective as you, and also unless they, they speak to you, I mean, could you just explain this to me very slowly? What is the perspective here? Unless you fully agree with me, you're a fraud. And also If, you say any ideas that I say they obviously must have come from, from me. So when I arrived at the conclusion that Me Too was fraudulent from day one and that BLM was fraudulent from day one, if I go on and I see that also the Tate brothers say that Me Too is fraudulent, then clearly they must have gotten it from me.


They must have been watching my show for years. I created the Tate Brothers, they got that from me. I created all these people. I, I, I, once I once heard Dan Zeri and say something, he, he got that from me. This is just not a game that I'm going to play. So I'm totally, completely fine as I said. And I will say it publicly, you can put whatever you want to put up about me. I can conduct myself in private as I conduct and conduct myself publicly. I give everyone a chance to be kind. I don't take a perspective about people from others, but this was complete crap and you heavily implied that you had some dirt on me and you have my full permission, full permission to release whatever dirt you think that it is because there isn't any. There absolutely is not any


All Right. Guys just going to remind you about Tax Network USA. If you're someone that does owe back taxes, a lot of people do. Before we get into all of your comments, their pandemic relief is, is over now. So along with hiring thousands of new agents and field officers, the IRS has kicked off thousand 24 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have u unfiled tax returns or balances that are owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends tax network. USA is a trusted tax relief firm that has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients and they can help you secure the best deal possible. So whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can help you. Whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay or are on a fixed income. They can help finally resolve your tax burdens. You just call 1 809 8 5 1000 for a private free consultation or you can visit tn usa.com/ Candace. That's tn usa.com/ Candace.


Okay, now we can get into some of your comments. Obviously a lot of people are inundating right now with back and forth about Nick and asking about whether or not he and I are going to sit down and people saying debate him. And that's another thing that I will add in a correspondence that I have with Nick. He had an open, he could have just reached out to me and said, Hey, I'd like to do something on your show that there's something about this that is just so remarkably childish and I'm not gonna touch on it again. I just wanted to touch on it today because I felt that there was a very heavy implication. Like he had some sort of a threat or a blackmail on me. And I'm just not into it. Into people who follow him. don don't have an issue with that. He can be your king and you can support him until you want to.


That's not something that I would ever discourage you from doing. But I am going to defend myself when I feel like I'm being thrown into a situation that really has just been Nick fighting himself for the last three weeks. And regarding any I, don know, I guess I can't read comments on the YouTube page if this person is saying boo to, I can't know 'cause it's going way too fast here. I'm just gonna go here 'cause they're pulling comments live. Okay, here we go. I'm gonna read you guys who are, I don't know, If, you call them Super Chats on Rumble. Forgive me, this person says truth is a luxury. This person says Candace. Serious question, can you please explain why everything is fak and gay? don don't know. I think it's partially because we are living in a matrix of sho of, of sorts.


And it, it feels cheesy to call it a matrix, but in reality it, it just is one, like we've been kind of so distracted by materialism and I think part of it is that we're just awakening to it. Like our, our intuition, our gut instinct, we see it as performative now. Whereas before we thought it was real. So when people are pretending to be outraged and saying like, this person is a Hitler apologist, I feel as though maybe six years ago that would've been so heavy. But now it's just so overdone that we're just going, this is so fake. It's so obviously fake and performative that we just wonder is there anything that's actually authentic? Daniel writes, Hey Candace, do you think Penny, the penny might have Dr. Dropped with Trump on Babbitt with him saying that no one died on January 6th and should she be charged with treason for participating in deep states Panama?


I actually did not see Trump speaking about January 6th. I, I am not sure exactly what you're speaking about to be honest with you, I didn't follow that interview. I wish I had mom approved rights. I recommended your show to all my mom friends. Can we get a cup with the phrase fake and gay? I do need to drop some fake and gay. Everyone's really loving that. It's gotta have like a nineties vibe and we'll say fake and gay. And I'm glad that we're saying gay again because obviously we were saying that in the nineties, not towards homosexuals, just just against things that are actually feeling like they're faking gay. By the way, this reminds me because it says mom approved. So many of you guys have been writing to me asking about a shot in the dark. I think what I'm gonna start doing is I'm gonna start dropping episodes biweekly.


We're building a huge platform to put everything on and I'm, but first I think just to get it out, we'll just start re the episodes biweekly onto our locals page that you guys can access it. We have a ton of episodes. I also did an entire series on birth control, which I am just really, really hoping that women take a listen to because birth control is exactly what it sounds like. It is controlling the birth rate. And it is very scary. When I looked into the history of it, it is just so shocking what we are allowing doctors to put into our bodies and what mothers are allowing doctors to put into their daughter's bodies. And. so we definitely, I I I definitely wanna get those episodes up as soon as possible. And then what we'll do is that we'll transfer everything from locals onto my new platform once it's finished being built.


The timeline for that is supposed to be January. This person writes, Candace is a national treasure. Sure, thank you so much. Sarrita writes, you two tried to mess with your money, but it backfired on them. We're all on rumble now. Thank you so much you guys. I appreciate it. And I also just wanna say I've just been really happy. It's weird and I think like I said, that's the Catholic spirit that no matter how much you're being persecuted, you kind of have a positive perspective about it because I do think that the more they attack me, the more they expose themselves. So I'm willing to kind of take it all because I know that you guys have my back and I know that you guys aren't going anywhere. And I know that I'm not gonna stop telling the truth. So it's just a matter of, okay, where do we have to go now? Where do we have to go now so that we can get the truth up, the truth out? And I by the way, got an explosion of people donating yesterday on locals, which was amazing, people that are monthly subscribed.


And I promise that I will not let you guys down. I will continue to speak about all of these topics and I am super excited about Shot in the Dark coming back because that is really the big one in terms of, I think for me, once you can process that they lied this big about one thing and for me it was vaccines and then birth control, then you really start to see the world for what it is. And you realize that they have the capacity to lie about everything. Like forget like world narratives. World war narratives. I mean, I'm talking every piece of what we perceive to be our reality. Sarita writes, the more they attack you, the more popular you get. Gypsy Wildflower writes No War with Theran, free America from Radical Zionists and communists alike Keep up the good fight. Yes, don don't know why it is so difficult for people to appreciate that.


We don't wanna send our sons and daughters to fight their wars overseas. We understand they're being used like toy soldiers. They don't care about their lives. And by the way, you could maybe get us on board if we looked around and our society was organized and clean and had low crime and they said, well see, we had to fight for years overseas because look at how free and amazing America is. And it's the exact opposite. So now there's, there's war and there's no positive result. Just people NeoCon shouting at us on X. They're like, okay, well at least we won't yell at you if you're okay with war. And the answer is, we're not okay with war Candace. What do you think about unions? I think unions are terrible and the history of unions is even more terrible and we can talk about that at length in another episode.


About that time people assassinated asar and then came over into our country and started unions and then tried to assassinate some people who owned factories. But we'll get into that on another day. It's another topic, another piece of history that is hidden certain to get me into trouble. And Merle writes, in conclusion, truth is worth a few bucks. Thank you so much you guys, I appreciate it. Just wanted to get you guys ready. Well, the show is, is going to keep going. I think my suspension on YouTube is for one week, but I don't plan to necessarily go back. We'll see if I can work something out with Rumble. I might just bring everybody here because I just, I don't wanna play the game with YouTube anymore.


I mean, I'll put my content on there maybe thereafter and put it on because it's good for as many people to see it as possible. But I, I just don't want to have this fig figurative Zionist sword at my neck and where I have to pretend that I'm okay with innocent Palestinians being blown up in order for me to have a platform. I'm just not okay. And I am not really deterred or scared by all of their threats. I guess we arrived at the final stage, which is financial terrorism and I know, I think I'm a, I'm a, I'm a good opponent. I'm a willing opponent is what I will say. All Right guys, we will see you guys tomorrow by the way, we'll be uploading these episodes, the video content onto Spotify as well. So If, you don't catch us on Rumble, you can pivot over to Spotify and you can watch the actual show on video there.


We will see you guys tomorrow.