
All Right, guys. Happy Tuesday. Lots to discuss. First and foremost, what I'm about to show you guys on your screens is captured real footage that was taken moments following the inauguration. I promise you, this is not ai. Take a look at this. All right, I'm just kidding. That definitely was ai. But it's funny, there are so many memes, so many AI videos. Everyone is just still in the post inauguration glow. It's been just 24 hours since America staged her big comeback. But Elon Musk got a little bit too excited. He came right out the gate with a Nazi salute. Check this out. Oh, come on, Elon. Too soon.


Too soon, Elon. That's right. We are deep in the Project 2025 Handbook. I'll tell you what you missed while you were sleeping. It's a lot of tears. And of course, screaming about Adolf Hitler. Welcome back to Candace. Elon Musk gave a Nazi salute, I mean, straight outta the gate. He didn't even wait. He just took the training wheels right off. Of course, I'm kidding. But the internet is not kidding. Okay? They are outraged at this moment because Trump is back in office.


So this feels, I don't know, strangely warm, nostalgic outrage is the name of the game, and I'm gonna tell you what they're saying first before I properly contextualize that gesture that he just made. All right. So the backstory here is Elon made that gesture during a speech at the Capital One arena on Monday celebrating President Donald Trump's inauguration. And here is CNN's exceptional live coverage of that moment. He's just wrapped up here. You can hear the, No. Alright, So we just, we just showed that. We just showed that, Right? It's worth, it was quick. I think our viewers are smart and they can take a look at that, but it certainly was, it's not something that you typically see in American political rallies, put it that Way.


No, no. It was not something that you usually would see. And it was quick, as you point out. It was very quick. But it was, it was in a moment of intensity for him as he came out dancing. And then he did that. He did that, he did that. And our viewers, I mean, it was, Hey, it was quick. It was very quick. And he came out dancing. They don't even know what to say. Don't worry. Leave it to Twitter. Leave it to X rather leave it to two Democratic strategists, Sawyer Hackett, who wrote this on X, our new co-president, Elon Musk, gives a Nazi salute on day one of the Trump presidency. All this is what they mean when they say, we're so back. That must be what we mean. Obviously, I'm sorry you guys didn't get to page 4 95 of the Project.


2025 handbook where you would've known, you're gonna start seeing these hand signs coming at you real quick. Another tweet here from jojo from jurors. This person, she writes, If you are not outraged by this, you are not beep paying attention. If you are not outraged, I want you to know that it is because you are not beeping paying attention, okay? And Anya backs this up with the historical fact that I don't even know if it's real or true. This user writes grandson of Nazi party members, Elon Musk throwing up Nazi salutes at the US presidential inauguration while the crowd of Republicans goes wild with applause and cheers. We're so back. Obviously that's, that's must be real.


It must be true. It's on Santa, it's on exit trending. And obviously they couldn't even give us 24 hours without referring to us all Nazis. Like I said, it feels like a warm blanket. Like we're back in 2016. Mm. Micah Gibbs, I always love the drama. It's, it's the, like the, probably a lot of punctuation coming up here. Mike Gibbs gave us the punctuation. He wrote this. I saw it. We all saw it. Elon gave a Nazi salute. I'm still gasping from the horror of that site on my television screen. He's literally shaking right now. We're back to literally shaking guys. Okay. And lastly, Itai Cher, who apparently has not read a book about our Apollo program or knows nothing about NASA whatsoever, the history of Nasta writes this, I'd rather not entrust space travel to a guy who does a Nazi salute.


Ooh. When he finds out that the entire space program was a bunch of Nazis that we literally brought over from Germany and Operation Paperclip, he's gonna be deeply upset about the space program. Anyways, it's all good because the a DL who just like, you know, waves a magic wand and goes, you're an antisemite. You're not an antisemite. Came out and defended Elon Musk. They said, they said this. They, this is a delicate moment. It's a new day. And yet so many are on the edge. Our politics are inflamed, and social media only adds to the anxiety. It seems that Elon Musk made an awkward gesture in a moment of enthusiasm, not a Nazi salute, but again, we appreciate that people are on edge. You get it? He's been forgiven. They've come and they've forgiven him. I mean, I'm on the ADLs list, there's like a whole paragraph about me, and I've done way less things and that it doesn't matter.


They just decide whether or not you are on their yes or no list. You know, it's like those, those eggs in Willy Wonka, like you're a good egg or you're a bad egg, and that's it. And I'm a bad egg. And Elon Musk is a good egg. 'cause he went to the Auschwitz Museum. I don't know. But the reality is, I'm not an Elon Mustang. You guys know that. I'm gonna give you my real take on this. Here is the full clip contextualized, okay? This is what Elon Musk said right before he did that gesture. And I just want to say thank you for making it happen. Thank you. Okay? So My heart goes out to you. It is thanks to you that the future of civilization is assured.


So he does a gesture and he says, my heart goes out to you and see I my hands going this way. His hand went the other way with his heart. And that could be one little thing. And it's the, it's a difference between whether you're on the ADL's list and stop antisemitism's list or whether or not you're totally fine, okay? His hand went the wrong way. And the reality is, as soon as I saw it, I knew what it was. I've watched Elon Musk in interviews, again, I'm not an Elon Musk stand, but he has been very open about the fact that he has Asperger's, okay? And it's put, that puts him on the spectrum. That means that socially, he's a genius in these other areas, in these other arenas. You wanna talk about space program, you wanna talk science stuff with Elon Musk? Yeah, he's your guy. He's the person whose homework you wanna copy, okay?


In chemistry class and physics class. But when it comes to social etiquette, he's not all there. That's why he's, he's very awkward in a lot of interviews. And what Asperger's is, is essentially socially, sometimes you do some things and you just, it's, it's just not the right time to say those things or do those things or how you should do those things. And I felt, I did actually for the first time feel kind of really bad for him because I, it felt like he was so well-meaning, and my heart goes out to you, and he just had no idea. And I can't imagine what it's like coming home and realizing that you've set the internet a flame. And it is the number one conversation that is being had about Trump's inauguration. But again, Elon Musk, I again, really appreciate that we're back, that they didn't even give us 24 hours before.


We are back to being called Nazis. That's what Trump supporters are always called forever. And so that is going to be the narrative. But moving on to the number two moment here, I, I don't know how I missed it in my live coverage. It was because by the time we cut in, apparently Jeff Bezos and his fiance, Lauren Sanchez, had already sat down. So I did not see Lauren Sanchez's outfit, which is hilarious because earlier this week, actually, it was yesterday's show. I was speaking about how Jack Bezos is kind of the only billionaire that doesn't bother me because he makes sense to me. Like you can just tell, he was like super dweeby, worked really hard, created this business, threw himself into it, and then realized, oh my gosh, I'm the richest man in the world, and now I just wanna have like a bimbo blow up doll.


And he just went out and got that. And he doesn't seem to involve himself too much in the political scene. He's just always out partying with Lauren Sanchez's, now fiance. I had no idea she wore this to the inauguration. I, I am like, just stunned. She is quite literally wearing a bralette with her. Her boobies are out. I mean, there's another way to say it. She's got, she's got the children out and they're not, you know, it's, it's very strange to think that this is an acceptable thing to wear. And again, very on brand for them in their relationship. He's into that. He likes that. I don't know if this is like a relationship kink, but it is the most inappropriate thing that you could possibly wear.


First of foremost, he's your fiance. Who are you, who are you taking these puppies out for? Like he is your fiance. Have some respect, have some decorum. But like I said, I feel like it's their thing. And so people are understandably going, this is so disrespectful. He has the money not to be respectful. That's it. He's so rich, he bought, but could just buy himself into this. He doesn't even have to respect the office. He can just bring his fiance and she has her helicopter license. They're flying around Saint trope doing their thing, and that's what she likes to wear. But what was really funny is people capturing the Zuck gaze. So some of us have wondered if he's a lizard, this might mean that he could be human part-time. He might be like a humanoid or something, because he, oh yeah, there it is.


He just went ahead, decided to take a look. And he's wondering, can I afford this? Can I afford this more than Jeff Bezos can afford this? And I, I, I think your wife, when she ca catches this is going to be deeply upset Zuck. Don't even think about it. Okay? You're still a lizard in my book. Anyways, another internet meltdown moment. Of course we knew this was going to come, but again, it's so soon, it's so quick. You know, we're kind of back to the emotions of 2016 when they were showing us pictures and, and saying that these kids were being left in cages at the border. And oh my gosh, look at how these kids are being treated at the border because of Trump. You know, we're supposed to feel really sympathetic for people that are trying to break into our country.


That's like kind of the running theme. Well, a lot of y amigos Trump says, you got to go. He's doing all sorts of things. He's ending birthright citizenship, he's designating drug cartels as terrorist organizations. But one thing that he did that they instantly started trying to make us cry about was he ended the CBP one app. Okay? It's an app. And it went by Bye. I'll explain to you what the app does, but I gotta show you with this Washington Post reporter, ales Hernandez tweeted, she wanted us to see the video and she wrote Migrants in UD EZ who are waiting for their 1:00 PM CBP one parole appointments learned 20 minutes ago that the app has shut down and those appointments are no longer valid.


Shows. This video of a woman who's legitimately crying, take a look, And you can see obviously in this video, in case they're on audio, everyone's got their cameras out, which means with a lot of speed and great reception, they instantly sent this to Washington Post reporter and basically wanted to show, you know, how horrible Trump is. How could you do this to this woman in Siad Juarez? How could you send her home? How could you tell her she has to stay home or she is, that's terrible. And if you're not crying, it's because you're a bad person. I am not crying. Actually, this was the mandate. This is exactly what we wanted Trump to do, okay?


Our borders have been porous, it has been a disaster. And the CBP one app was very popular because it was essentially an online lottery system that just grants appointments to thousands of people daily at eight border crossings. It, it's like unimaginable. I didn't even have to explain that to you like Candace. What do you mean? It's just like a lottery. Hey, you person sitting in c that Juarez wanna come to America? Yeah, let's do that. And they're able to enter the US under an immigration parole, and the president has the authority to, to exercise that. And Joe Biden exercised that authority more frequently than any other president since that program had been created since 1952. So just millions of people were coming into our country, this woman, through a lottery system.


And so Trump revoked the lottery ticket. And I, like, I, I have to say, given everything that's happening in our inner cities, I feel nothing. I feel absolutely nothing. But that could partially be due to the fact that I'm pregnant with a boy again. I tend to feel less and I wanna feel more. I really do wanna feel more, but I felt a lot, okay, because this exceptional protestor, I had missed this yesterday. Of course, there's always protesters gotta protest Trump. We gotta protest for the next four years, okay? But this person got really clever and this must, they must have spent a lot of time at the arts and craft store to get to pull this together. It's a, it's a guillotine protestor. It's just throwing this back to like the French Revolution. It says this, it's a guillotine.


I don't really know what I'll say. It says, come get some. And I, I'm not sure about this placement of the LGBT flag, the pride flag next to this person. Can you zone out again? There again, guys, rerun this clip because when you see the guillotine next to the pride flag, you're going, is this a threat to gay people and lesbian? I don't like this at all. This is terrible. Are you gonna start chopping their heads off? Is what's, what's happening here? And I don't know why come get some is is spelled wrong. I'm not sure what it's really about, but I wanna say that I am, I I really appreciate that protestor because that person at least took a little bit of effort. You know, he gave a little bit of effort into hating Donald Trump and his supporters and it was an extraordinarily cold day to be guillotining anyone.


And so that was exceptional. But I'll tell you what Trump has done in the last 24 hours. It is a long list, okay? And we're not gonna get to all of it, but you can see why people are crying on the internet, okay? First and foremost, he granted clemency as he promised immediately to roughly 1500 at January 6th defendants. And commuted the sentences of 14 of them. He renamed the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America. And yeah, we're coming for you Panama. You know, it's coming next Panama. Somebody, somebody here in the chat is definitely listening to the show from Panama. Like, what's, what's, why are we, I don't know, but you're on the list and we're coming for you. As I said earlier, he designated cartels as foreign terrorist organizations, which will allow him to just go over congressional powers to get things done once they are officially designated as terrorists.


He ended DEI programs in the federal government. So This is crazy. But you might actually have to be good at your job. Like being black or being a woman or being trans is not gonna get you the job. You're gonna have to just actually write down your skills. Wild, insane. So much hate. I can't stand it. I don't know why he's doing this stuff. And, and then even crazier, he formally recognized that there are only two sexes, male and female to be recognized for federal government. So even worse, when you apply for a federal job and you are looking and it says, what's, which sex are you, you're not gonna get 27 options anymore. And that's very sad. That is very, very sad to hear Trump is doing that.


He pulled us out of the Paris agreement again, okay? That obviously was the Climate Accord agreement. I can't believe there are people dumb enough to believe that giving taxes and money to the government is going to change the temperature. It's incredible. And my favorite thing is he withdrew the USA from the World Health Organization. Yes. Okay. We talked about this in my other show, shot in the Dark, it's coming back at the end of this month. But the World Health Organization is essentially a way, it just majority controlled by Bill Gates. Okay? It's a way to control the world. It's, it's unbelievable. It's unbelievably corrupt. Yes, America gives way too much money to the health organization. I think it's Bill Gates first and, and then America. And it's very obviously has nothing to do with health.


And so I'm so glad that he's done that. That feels like something that's a part of the Make America Healthy again initiative that we're hope hopefully going to get from RFK Junior. And so you should understand obviously that people are upset and they are crying already and they're going to keep crying and we are going to hear plenty more people refer to us as Nazis, as white supremacists, as internalized misogynists. It's all coming. And the best way to look at that ladies and gentlemen, is we really are so back, I'm just thrilled. I'm still smiling from yesterday's yesterday's inauguration.


All right, before we get into this next door, you guys, I wanna remind you about PreBorn some terrible and things that are happening. Is that there? Oh, actually some great news that's happening is that the abortion pill reversal treatment, there actually is that which provides women with a second opportunity to choose. And it's going to bring so many babies back to life. When you join forces with PreBorn Ministries, you get to empower women to reverse the curse. What you might not be aware of is that even though Roe was overturned and abortion has been greatly restricted in many states, the abortion pill has superseded surgical abortions accounting. Now for over 60% of all abortions, PreBorn network of clinics are on standby for women in their darkest hour. They meet them with God's love and free services to help them choose life through ultrasounds and the abortion pill reversal protocol, PreBorn has rescued over 300,000 lives. So you can start this new year right, by supporting life and donating to PreBorn Today, one ultrasound costs just $28 and $140 will help rescue five babies. So To donate you just dial pound two 50 and you say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Alright, TikTok also, aside from us being back, TikTok is back and, and apparently it was, it was a very big deal, especially for Gen Z. I gave you guys the rundown of that. I told you why I was totally with Gen Z on it. The background of why they were getting rid of TikTok because they couldn't control speech. And it was, I don't think you understand how much of an emotional deal that pending deadline of Sunday was for Gen Z. Like Gen Zs were deeply and emotionally impacted by the prospect of not being able to communicate on TikTok. So I just wanna show you this one young woman, Emily, as the ban date was approaching, this was Emily on the internet And to the US government, I'm never forgiving you for this and I'm never gonna trust you ever again because you just like that took away millions of people's income and livelihood.


And who does that? So I'm never trusting you ever again with anything. Oh, I'm starting to give up hope that there's gonna be a Hail Mary moment at the end of this that's gonna save this app. So dumb coming on the internet and crying about an app. But the fact is that this has been a sense of community for me for years now. Yeah, it's been a sensitivity for her. Just so you understand the depth of that. I mean, tons of videos of young women crying. There's a massive TikTok celeb named James Charles. He's got millions and millions of followers and he too was just didn't know what to do with this idea and this prospect of TikTok not being there for Gen Z. Take a listen, I've gotta keep it real. I am crashing the out right now.


I don dunno what to do. Oh my God. I've already opened and closed the app probably six times already, just to keep getting the same stupid warning message. Oh my God. Like this. This just feel, I can't, this is so dystopian. First of all, I feel pathetic that I am freaking out like this over an application being unavailable on my phone. But also like this has been a massive part of our life for the last six years. And normally when something happens, I would get on TikTok and start complaining. And I can't even do that. I feel like disconnected. I feel cut off from the world and my community. This is crazy. This is crazy God. And I can't, like now I'm rooting for Trump.


Ew God, like make America great again, I guess. God. Well you guys, I will say I found myself aligning with Gen Z, but for much, I would say more severe reasons. And like I said it, I think it was best exemplified when Randt Paul, right before the timeline was over the doom date, while as, as they were all walking the plank, he started his, he, he created his first TikTok ever. He joined TikTok for the first time with just like 48 hours left to spare. And he explained it much better about why he was joining it. Why am I joining TikTok just as the government ban begins? Because I don't like being told what to do. I don't like being told what I can think or what I can say.


The courts may think there's an exemption to the First Amendment. I don't, I joined TikTok today as a form of civil disobedience to the 170 million Americans who use TikTok. Don't give up, don't give in, resist. And I wanna say this, what he is saying is very true. Like when they start coming for speech and they start try selling you reasons for why, oh well, well it's because we're worried about Chinese data. Oh it's 'cause we're worried about, you know, the rise of racism. Oh, we're worried about the rise of antisemitism. Do never accept these excuses. Ever, ever. Free speech is so important. We have to be warriors for speech. Even to the point that I was willing to freely give my data to China because it's my decision if I want to here have it.


I know just between China and the C-I-A-I-I, I don't really care. I, I find both to be a threat if we're being honest. And, and that's kind of like the lesson in this is that it was bigger than the concept that they were trying to sell to us. It was about controlling speech and censoring speech and wanting to control the internet. And by the way, it still is, even though it's been restored, it still is. But I'm proud to announce that they only had to resist Gen Z for 12 hours because Trump, when he was about to assume office, asked all of the parties involved to just hold the line. And they did. TikTok was immediately restored 12 hours later, much to the glee of Gen Z. Somebody created this really funny gif video on TikTok regarding them being restored Ish.


Oh my God. It's a surreal feeling. We did it. We did it. Oh my God, we did it. I think that's how they felt. Truly that is how they felt guys. So it's back and you have Trump to thank right now temporarily. We'll see what happens. Alright, let's get into these Obama divorce rumors. Okay, we discussed this on the show yesterday. You guys listening to the show are not serious people. I said, Hey guys, what do you think is going on with Michelle Obama? Like, and some of you terribly wrote maybe he, maybe she had prostate cancer, which I thought was really, really mean. I cannot take you guys anywhere anyways, we should definitely take a closer look at these divorce rumors because obviously something is going on.


Okay, now, Michelle Obama love her, hate her, believe her, it doesn't really matter. The reality is she has always shown up for her commitments. Okay? In terms of being a first lady, she has played that role very well. Even after you leave office, by the way, you're still expected to show up to certain political events. It's like a lifetime appointment in that way, right? And unless you die or are dying, they expect you to be there. And one of those types of events that they expect you to be at are presidential funerals. Okay? And another one of those events obviously is the inauguration. And Michelle Obama, despite all of the rhetoric about Trump and Melania, back when they first assumed office in 2016, she showed up.


Or 2017 rather January, 2017, she showed up and she, you know, played the part no matter how she felt about Trump, you can see here this is a throwback and her greeting her at the White House, right? For that transfer of power. So it was very, it was raised some alarms, I should say. When Jimmy Carter died and Michelle Obama did not show up with Barack Obama, it was like, okay, what's going on? And I think they said that she was overseas. I actually don't remember what their excuse was. And people online were going, no, no, no, no, no. There's like a divorce happening, they're separating. And I ignored it because that didn't really make sense to me. I was like, okay guys, it's plausible that she did have some commitment where she could not make it for Jimmy Carter's funeral and we should just let it go.


I don know what that commitment would be. 'cause she doesn't really have a job, right? They're just unbelievably wealthy. But I, I don't know, I just didn't think that a divorce was happening. But then, okay, then she doesn't show up for Trump's inauguration the second time. Okay? That is very strange that like when he walked out by himself, I went, okay, this is now getting weird. Where actually is Michelle Obama? What is going on between Michelle Obama and Barack Obama? Are they even living together? Have they not been together? We did obviously see them during the Democratic National Convention together, but these are two significant events that she has missed. So it's, it's entirely plausible that she's sick and it's entirely plausible that they are separated.


Now Obama did issue what people thought was a very late birthday tweet and it, I think in large part people thought that he's only doing this because people are noticing that he's not posting a birthday tribute to her. And he tweeted this, he wrote Happy Birthday to Love of my life, Michelle Obama. You feel you fill every room with warmth, wisdom, humor and grace. And you look good doing it. I'm so lucky to be able to take on life's adventure with you. Love you. Okay, great, we appreciate that. But here is what the media is saying. They're saying that the noise is getting louder according to your report. Apparently she was furious to see that Obama was yucking it up, yucking it up with Donald Trump at the Carter funeral. Beltway Insider added that Michelle has been checked out of life in Washington DC since leaving the White House in January of 2017 following Barack Obama's second term.


And also noted that despite the fact that Obama's main home is in the Cama neighborhood of dc, which is a property that they purchased together back in 2017, Michelle Obama reportedly spends the majority of her time at Martha's Vineyard where they own a massive ocean front estate. Yeah, the people that tell you all about climate change inevitably always tend to buy these massive, and in their case, $11.75 million Ocean Front estates go figure that same source added that Michelle Obama is rarely in DC while others noting that she was, when she was there last summer, it was without Obama. And she appeared happy and she appeared content.


So it is plausible that they're just living two separate lives and because they're, you know, former first Lady and president, they feel as though they can't get divorced on paper. They're happy just living two lives apart in a 2022 panelists. We should also note here that Michelle confessed that she had harbored resentment toward her husband for nearly a decade. And she said quote, people think I'm being catty. It's like there were 10 years where I could not stand my husband. It's quite a strong quote and that's quite a very long time not to be able to stand your husband. I can't, I wouldn't be able to stand not being able to stand my husband for even a minute. So 10 years just sounds like a very long time. And that's a very strong statement.


And Barack Obama later confirmed that it definitely helped their relationship to be out of the White House because they were able to spend a little more time together. So they are now also dealing with rumors of infidelity. There are claims that Barack Obama has been involved with actresses and those actresses are saying if that's not true, but there's something going on. Okay, I'm just saying it's pretty obvious to me and the rest of the world that she did not show up at the inauguration. And there just has to be a reason for that, right? Like it just has to be a reason for


that. Okay, before we get to this next story, have to remind you guys about Pure Talk because the country was founded on Freedom. Freedom from a country that forced us to buy overpriced tea, then tried blockading us when we dumped their tea into the ocean. Well it's time to throw your overpriced big wireless contract to Overboard too. You do not need to pay a hundred dollars a month just to get a free phone. Pure Talk. My cell phone company says no to inflated prices with a qualifying plan of just excuse me, with a qualifying plan of just $45 a month, you can get a free Samsung Galaxy Pure Talk is a premium service at a fraction of the price that you're currently paying. You'll get unlimited talk text, 25 gigs of data and a mobile hotspot all on America's most Dependable 5G network. That is right. You have the same towers, the same coverage as the big guys, just a lot more affordable. So get your free Samsung Galaxy by visiting pure talk.com/owens today. Switching is very easy and it can be done as little as 10 minutes. Again, that is pure talk.com/owens to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with a qualifying purchase from Pure Talk


and reminding you about American Financing because I know the average person finds it difficult to pay expenses every month. And in most cases there's not much left over to cover any extras. Most Americans aren't getting a big raise. Expenses are up and it's very hard to manage without grabbing the credit card. If you're a homeowner, if you're frustrated with that cycle, then you should make a 10 minute no obligation phone call today. To my friends in American Financing, if you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties or even the thirties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and you can get out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens.


All Right guys, Vivek, he's out. Apparently the Department of Government efficiency is so efficient that before it even started, they got rid of one kind of government supposed to be employee and that was Vivek Ram Swami. Now there is more here than meets the eye and honestly, I could just text him and find out 'cause I know Vivek and, But first let's speculate. Before I do that, I will try to get some answers for you. So there was all of these rumors that Vivek and Elon Musk were not getting along. Okay? This is a headline from Politico. Everyone wants him out. How Musk helped boot Rames Swami from Doge. Okay, apparently Elon Musk made it known that he wanted Rames Swami out in recent days. And I have to tell you this, this is a thing, this is a common theme, okay?


Apparently Elon Musk is running the show at Mar-a-Lago. And so it may be fair for people to be suggesting he's the co-president because he's been in Trump's ear telling him, get rid of this person, get rid of this person. And there is to me, and again, this could be part of his Asperger's, but there's a lack of respect when he just sort of tweets it and then it, because it almost was like, it's a mandate to Trump to like get rid of somebody or not hang around Someone like he randomly tweeted that he didn't like Nigel Farage or like Nigel Farage didn't have what it took knowing fully well that Nigel Farage and him had been at Mar-a-Lago like together. And So I think it then makes it so that these relationships are quite awkward for Trump to manage.


And I told you guys with the a Doge thing I was excited about with, 'cause I spent time with him and he's remarkable. He's hardworking, he doesn't stop. And he deeply understands these issues about how the government is run because he had to think through this when he ran for president. And Elon Musk hasn't really done that. He hasn't done anything actually, but like yell at us and call us racist for not wanting unlimited H one B one visas. And so I'm not, I'm wondering how Elon Musk maneuvered, if this, if this headline is to be believed from Politico to get the vague taken out while he gets to stay. And is it just because he's richer? And maybe that's what it comes down to, is Trump just like, all right, let me see everyone's 4 0 1 Ks and I'm going with you 'cause you've got more money.


It's seeming a little bit like that, right? It it is. Like I said yesterday, not a good look. When Trump hosts has Mark Zuckerberg as one of the people that's sitting with him at the church on the day of the inauguration, like a guy who caused so much pain for Trump supporters and anti-vaxxers suddenly just buys himself a seat at the table. Not a good look. Okay? So anyways, now at first they tried to deny it and go, oh, none of this is true. He's not leaving. Now officially the VA has announced that he is leaving and that he is instead going to enter the gubernatorial race in Ohio. And I feel like that's kind of a pretty flowery way of not acknowledging to the public that something happened behind the scenes.


And you know, Steve Bannon has said that he finds the Elon Musk element to be problematic. Elon Musk being one of the people that's whispering in Donald Trump's ear. And that's largely because he is disrupting these relationships as someone with a self-admitted, like social, I guess I don wouldn't call like Asperger syndrome a social disorder, but I guess you could call it a social syndrome that makes it so that he sometimes misses the forest for the trees. Here is what Steve Bannon had to say about Mr. Elon Musk. He's got a glass jaw. He can't take her because of the, I don't know, the autism or where he is on the spectrum. He's clearly not. He's got the maturity of 11-year-old. You can tell that.


But he, it's, it's, it's obvious he can't take criticism. It is he, one of his weaknesses is that he, he needs to be loved. He needs the masses to love him. He, you can tell he's on the stage, he needs that glory. This is to have a digital ghetto and to only have raised up what praises him. That that's the, that's the, that that is like the little boy's mentality. If I wanna be the superhero, I wanna put the cape on and kinda skip around. You see this a lot in Danbury. These what they call chomos, what they call the, these sex offenders. They've got this men, they've had a maturity level that has stopped and they, they want to, you know, they wanna be, they all watch the movies that have the Cape Crusaders on there.


It's a, it's a, it's an absolute indication of immature. I hate to say this, why I agree with Steve Bannon. I think that's right. I think that you can very easily become an enemy of Elon Musk If you just disagree with him. I think that is how he's running the show there. And I bet that Vivek came in with ideas, again, totally surmising here. I I have no insight. And they clashed because they're both two successful people. And I bet that Vivek thought that he had it right? But Elon Musk was thinking, yeah, I gave more money and I'm in his ear and you ran against him. And so I'm gonna make it problematic that you disagree with me because actually I'm not willing to share the Department of Government efficiency. I want to be the Department of Government efficiency.


And I don't like Elon Musk in that position. I know it's not favorable. Everyone's an Elon Musk stand. He's so amazing. My gut just tells me that it, he is very much a part of this sort of AI generation of billionaires. I find it to be in conflict with my views as a Catholic and I'm not into this sort of robotic future that he desires, you know, where he like applauds and collapse about the idea of going to Mars. It's just, it, it just conflicts with me spiritually. And again, If you are so rich that you don't think that anybody can question your ideas without you shouting and screaming, like we saw that on display with the H one B one visas. People offered a rebuttal. People that were have been in MAGA forever, he just joined 10 minutes ago and he just started calling them racist.


Like literally just started calling everybody racist. And that is exactly what C Ben is describing. Unable to take any criticism and If you do, he will bite your head off and start bad talking you. And I think that that may have been what happened with the VA Ram Swami and him. But I will find out 'cause I've got Vivek's number I'm gonna find out for you guys. I'm gonna get the piping hot tea. Speaking of piping hot tea, this is absolutely hilarious. I just wanna share this with you because it will, it will make you smile so everybody knows, but I can't say it. Oh I feel like Kanye, we're gonna have to put it Kanye. But everybody knows that the MLK catching bullets was not something that the government was not involved in. Perhaps maybe so there's a, some theory floating around the government could have had something to do with it.


Well check this out. I don't know why they do this. It's very funny. But the FBI tweeted yesterday, of course it was MLK day 'cause after they off you, they give you a holiday. And they wrote today the FBI honors the life and work of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. We reaffirm our commitment to Dr. King's legacy of fairness and equal justice for all. And it gets a community note, a fact check. It says the FBI engaged in constant surveillance of king and attempted to discredit and blackmail him to influence him to stop organizing. King's family believes the FBI was responsible for his death. Ooh, that's not the fact. Check the FBI wants you look into the king story.


And I have some questions, I have some questions, but I have to tell you the responses to this were just exceptional. Exceptionally hilarious yesterday, this is obviously that famous meme. It's you right now. The writing of the F-B-I-F-B-I shoots. MLK turns around and says, today we celebrate MLK. This is another response to the FBI meme. This person writes, just because we killed MLK doesn't mean we can't miss him. So funny. I just love it. I absolutely love it. And it's fantastic because now that Trump's in office, he has promised us that he's going to release both the JFK files and the MLK files.


Now he did make that promise in his first term and he said, oh, I'm gonna wait and, and whatever. He shouldn't have waited. Obviously you're not guaranteed two terms. Well now he is guaranteed two terms and he is promising. I don't know why that was. I wish that was day one. It's taking too long. We've waited long enough for those JFK files long enough for those MLK files. Just release it today and I bet somebody higher up is going to stop that because then it would make us not trust our government even more. If it's possible, if, if we could get to at a lower level of trust, I don't think it is, but it will, it will. We'll probably unlock another basement of governmental distrust. All Right guys, now let's get to some of your comments. I'm just excited to see what you guys think about everything.


What do you got going on? Okay, Alaska dog lady writes for those who claim to advocate for neurodivergent, they are sure are quick to attack our little autistic billionaire quirky social mannerisms are literally in his diagnosis. Oh, cancel the a DL again. Yes, exactly. It is ironic 'cause they're usually the ones that're like you can't even say these words. We have to be so sensitive. And like I said, he's been open about the fact that he has Asperger's in the past and now they're like, no. And it's obviously being compelled by the fact that they hate him because he's aligned himself with Trump and people can never be evenly split. They can't, you know, it is gotta be all hate or all love. No one can just assess things as they are. Apparently this person writes, I can't stand him and his oligarch buddies.


But that wasn't an salute. It Wasn an awkward rhythm list man that had an involuntary spasm or a tick. I, I think we agree with that. And again, I am, I am not the biggest fan of Elon Musk, but let's just, we can critique him for things that he does, not, things that he doesn't do or certainly didn't mean to do that. Ombre writes, hello from Kami Formia Comfor, big fan. You gotta get out of there, man. You got to get out of there. Things are getting crazy. Hector writes, glad to know your videos will be able to be monetized again, Candace, yes, of course. Us getting re monetized. You know, the day before Trump assumes office, what do we all think is happening? Again, it felt like a cloud had been lifted when Trump was inaugurated.


We understood that we were pretty much living under a communist regime is what it felt like. And then they suddenly had to go, okay, well Trump is now speaking about putting in place laws that will allow independent creators to go after, go after these tech companies for obvious discrimination and things of that nature. It's like you can't just go, well, I don't like Trump supporters. And so you're not allowed to be on this platform, you know, make your rules and ever everyone should have to abide by them. And that does not, did not seem to be the case over the last four years. And obviously now some of these Trump, these techies are speaking out about just what sort of pressure they were receiving from the Biden regime, including Mark Zuckerberg, the world's favorite lizard.


Heather Salvato writes, the people of the vineyard hate when they are there, businesses have to close down. This is regarding Martha's Vineyard, by the way, and the Obama's, the people of the vineyard hate. When the Obamas are there, businesses have to close down during visits for security and lose so much needed income. Z Zaid agrees and says, can we briefly interrupt this broadcast to comment on the Oxford Union interviewing Bad Barbie? What are our thoughts? Yeah, I I did not know that was happening. The cash me out side girl, apparently she made like $50 million in a couple of years and I think I knew, I think she's already spoken at the Oxford Union and I don know what to say. This is the new generation of income and the new generation of money.


And I think she spoke out about how she knew she could make that money because people were creeps on the internet that were waiting for her to turn 18. That is just sad, but it is also true.


Before I read these last couple of comments to remind you guys about Tax Network USA, because I know that there are people that are overwhelmed with back taxes and unfiled returns. We'll get ready because since Covid relief ended, the IRS hired 20,000 new enforcement agents that were proposing millions of pay up notices for 2025. So If you are worried about their collection tactics tax network, USA is there so you don't have to face 'em alone. TaxNetwork USA is nation's premier tax relief firm and has negotiated over $1 billion in tax relief for clients. Their services include penalty, forgiveness, hardship programs where you might not even have to repay anything until your tax debt expires. And they offer in compromised solutions for lump sum settlements. So whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their experts are ready to assist you. Even if you're behind on taxes due to missing personal or business records tax network USA can guide you through the process. Dealing with the IRS without professional help is extremely risky. So don't do it. Protect your financial security with guidance from TaxNetwork USA to schedule a complimentary consultation. You just call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. So do not let the IRS's aggressive tactics control your life. Empower yourself with TaxNetwork USA TN usa.com/ Candace today.


Okay, this person writes, Candace, I would love to hear your thoughts on Trump rescinding Biden's executive order that reduced some drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. I actually did not read about that. I will have to look into that because that does not sound right to me. And So I feel like I would be commenting on something that I'm not actually sure of. I I felt that when Trump was in office, he did a lot in terms of reducing drug costs. But my overall, I can tell you my overall perspective on this medicine, the cost of medicine is being inflated because there's a drug cartel operating in broad daylight in America. And that drug cartel is the FDA that is working with bought and paid for politicians, lobbyist firms, and the manufacturers.


We don't have a free market system. It should, medicine shouldn't cost that much to begin with. So, so people are constantly looking for Trump or Biden to do this or that about costs. If you want to do something about costs, break up the entire cartel and make it a free market system again so that your medicine costs what it would cost If you went into CVS and bought Tylenol. That's my opinion on that. This person writes high Candace. I was wondering what are your thoughts on President Trump not putting his hand on the Bible while being sworn in? Love the show. Keep on seeking the truth and bringing it into the light. Okay, that was something that I missed when I was doing my live commentary and people pointed it out. I have to assume, given his speech where he gave a very, and I felt very sincere and heartfelt message about God saving his life.


And it, like I said, I've never heard Trump speak about God as much as he has been speaking about God since he survived the assassination attempt. I have to assume he did that erroneously. But he should, he should. By the way, comment on that 'cause that's a big miss and it would be very easy. Like if, if Kama, if Kamala had did this, we would be like, she's a communist and she's crazy. And if Trump does this, we're obviously more forgiving because we know that he doesn't have this like hatred towards Christians. So I would like to hear him just explain. If that was just an accidental miss, I think that would make a lot of people feel better, including myself. This last person writes, I'm literally shaking right now with laughter. You're hilarious. It's too much winning already. I can't take three years and 364, 64 more days of this winning.


I know it was, it was a wonderful 24 hours. Genuinely the internet has been hilarious. People are crying. Everyone's Hitler again. And it's just, nobody is sincere. We're just right back to they hate us no matter what. And they're going to pretend that they're living under what we all just did live through for the next four years. And it's because these people hate the free markets. You know, they want to live in a world where DEI rules a day. The blacker, the gayer, the fatter you are, the more accolades you will receive. And that's just not the reality that the majority of us want to live in. And so we've given Trump the mandate. Hopefully he follows it. Anyways guys, we will see you tomorrow.