
Alright, everybody, let's jump right into this. The question that's on everybody's mind, what should Donald J. Trump do now? That's what we have to discuss. 'cause there are major implications. He just survived two assassination attempts in the span of like 65 days. They wanna kill him. They want Donald Trump dead. And I believe that there is a chance that they will be successful in that aim unless Trump gets wise to who exactly he is fighting. My belief, I thought about this, I thought through this. I believe that Trump needs to switch out his VP immediately. I'm not saying this to be controversial. Please spare me. You're, oh, unity. I, I'm so sick of this Cry for unity. There is no unity.


Okay? He survives two assassination attempts. We need to get real about what is happening. We need to get real about who it is that wants him dead and why it is that they want him dead. And we need to get real about what is the best solution for that. And we can do that by looking into history. We can look at past assassinations to understand why they may want somebody dead and who they want to be in that place, in their place. We're gonna discuss all of that. That's what's coming up right now on Candace.


All right, so name that Senator, ready, abandoned by his father, left with a troubled mother, eventually raised by his grandparents, goes to an Ivy League school, gets recruited by some powerful figures in business, changes his name, writes a book about his own life, becomes a senator for two years, and then is pushed into the national spotlight as a potential White House candidate talking about Barack Obama. But it could also be JD Vance. That wasn't my joke. Somebody gave that to me. And it's because I have in my own life, a quite divided group of people when it comes to JD Vance. I told you my opinion when it was announced that he was vp. I genuinely have never met him.


And the people that I know who have met him like him, I mean, I very much trust Tucker Carlson's opinion. He said that JD Vance was brilliant, and he stood by JD Vance throughout this. And I trust other people who have said that he's brilliant and they really like him, but also other people who have pointed out that we just don't know that much about JD Vance. Okay, totally fine. In my view, Trump picked him. That's it. Gotta rally behind him simply because Trump picked him. But things have changed now. And I'm gonna talk about JD Vance today and give you my opinion that Trump should switch out his vp. And it's nothing personal against JD Vance, but it is the recognition that whoever is plotting to kill Trump would have run through a couple of scenarios.


What would've happened if Trump got shot and killed yesterday? Well, what would've happened is it would have been such a dramatic event that it would have brought the nation together. Even people that are on the left would've thought, this is outrageous. This is not the way that elections should be run. This isn't right. I, I'm now going to just vote Republican. And who would've become the Republican candidate? Well, I would imagine we would've all been forced to agree that the right person is JD Vance, because that's who Trump picked. that is who Trump picked to be his running mate. That's who Trump picked to be his number two. That's who Trump would have wanted. And then JD Vance would have become the president of the United States. Now, I wanna be clear, like I said, if the per people that are, are trying to go after Trump would have been running through this, these would've been the equations that they would've been running through in their head, which means that they were okay with JD Vance potentially becoming the President of the United States And.


so we need to, to speak about that. Let's actually look into who JD Vance is and why I believe that if Trump is going to spare his own life, he needs to put in a candidate for VP that would render him assassination proof. And I have a couple of ideas about who those candidates should be. Again, nothing personal against JD Vance. I've never met him, and I don't, I have no personal assessment of him and his character. First, before we get into that, before we get into JD Vance, and before I, I offer you exactly who I did, who I think it is that should take his place, let's just briefly recap exactly what did occur yesterday plus add on all of the new details that have emerged since.


So we understand obviously, that President Trump owns a, a golf club down in West Palm Beach. He was golfing on Sunday. He was golfing with a billionaire buddy of his, named Steve Witkoff. At about the fifth hole, four shots rang out. Our understanding is that those shots were fired from the Secret Service who spotted a man with a gun in a scope that was looking for Donald Trump to come upon in a vulnerable area. Hole five apparently is vulnerable. There was a clearing. And this man knew that we understand from his data that he had been waiting in that area for 12 hours. I find that to be interesting because like I said, how did he know that Trump was going to be golfing there?


He obviously wanted to make sure that he got in at a time when people would not recognize him or would not see him in broad daylight carrying the AK 47 that they later collected. And how did he know that Trump was going to be coming down? How, how did he know that Trump was not still on the West coast? His, his published schedule? We understood that he was on the West Coast doing events. Obviously he's running, and by the way, he, he normally, during this time, Trump is, is very much a snowbird in the hot months. He is up at Bedminster in New York. And then in the winter, he typically spends all of his time at Mar-a-Lago. So was this guy just lucky, just assumed that he would be there and nowhere else assumed that he would be golfing on that day.


We are still waiting for more details to emerge, but what we do know is that it was really thanks to what most people would consider to be a Karen, somebody who's not mining their own business. Good spot, something odd, good and immediately reported to the police who were then able to apprehend the suspect. And I'm just going to jog your memory by allowing the sheriff Rick Bradshaw, who gave a press conference yesterday to explain exactly how that went down. Take a listen again. One 30 this afternoon call came out, shots fired. That was called in by the Secret Service because we're in constant contact with them all the time. We were notified of that and we had units here that immediately sealed off the area.


Fortunately, we were able to locate a witness that came to us and said, Hey, I saw the guy running out of the bushes. He jumped into a black Nissan and I took a picture of the vehicle and the tank, which was great. So we had that information, our real time crime center put it out to the license plate readers, and we were able to get a hit on that vehicle. On I 95, as it was headed into Martin County, we got a hold of Martin County Sheriff's Office alerted them, and they spotted the vehicle and pulled it over and detained the guy.


After that, we took the victim, I'm sorry, the witness that witnessed the incident took, flew him up there and he identified as the person that he saw running out of the bushes that jumped into the car. Now in the bushes where this guy was, is a eight K 47 style rifle with a Scope two backpacks, which were hung on the fist that had a ceramic tile in 'em and a GoPro, which he was gonna take pictures of. So there you have it. And gratefully, they were able to apprehend Ryan Wesley, Ralph, I think yesterday I was calling him Ruth. It looks like the correct pronunciation is Ralph. He's 58 years old, he's living in Hawaii, and he was driving a car that had some stolen plates.


Now, fortunately, because this happened so quickly and the FBI, I guess, was not able to scrub everything off the internet in time, we got to see what it looks like when America becomes the FBI. When citizens decide to look all over the internet and collect all the data so that we can make assessments ourselves and not listen to the intelligent agencies that we don't trust. Tell us about who exactly this would be assassin is. So what we've learned about Ryan Wesley, Ralph, just thus far, is that he has a criminal record from North Carolina. North Carolina Department of Adult Corrections has records from him, from him, going back to 2002 that year, he barricaded himself inside a business with a gun in Greensboro, and that amounted to a felony charge for a weapon of mass destruction.


Now, to be clear, a lot of people had questions about that. That can just be an AK 47 that he had on him, not that that makes the felony charge any better. In 2003, he was sentenced to driving without a license, carrying a concealed weapon and a hit and run. And in 2010, he was convicted of possessing stolen goods, and that was LinkedIn shows that he attended North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University, but then relocated to Hawaii sometime around 2018. His LinkedIn also reveals that he's the owner of Camp Box Honolulu, allegedly a shed building company with very few positive reviews. People saying that the work was really shoddy when they hired him to just install some shelves.


And on his since deleted Facebook and X accounts, we come to the conclusion that he has a near obsession with Ukraine, the war in Ukraine, war against Russia. He just, it just became him. It completely consumed him. And like I said, they've deleted these accounts, but not before the internet. Sleuths were able to grab copies. And here are some of his tweets that were just on X directed to Elon Musk. I would like to buy a rocket from you. I wish to load it with a warhead for Putin's Black Sea Mansion bunker to end him. Can you give me a price, please? It can be old and used as not returning to Zelensky our welfare queen. He wrote, I am an American coming to fight with you in Ukraine.


I am flying into Kau and will take any transport to Kiev to meet you and fight to the death. We must get every civilian in the world to come and join the fight. I will be the example attack Moscow. Now, he then tweeted in February of 2022, hashtag support Ukraine world, please send every weapon on the planet to the Ukrainian people. We need a gun in every civilian's hand and put every military personnel on paid leave and give them or anyone a ride to the border to fight. I will go and fight and die to kill Putin and Russia. In February of that same year, he wrote hashtag World News tonight. Come on people. We cannot sit and do nothing. I am willing to fight and die for Ukraine.


We must all join in a civilian army to aid Ukraine. Media must motivate the entire globe to act. It is criminal not to act. We must all fight aggression now. Kids will die. Then he wrote a tweet and hashtag at Donbas, I'm coming to Ukraine from Hawaii to fight for your kids and families and democracy. We need to get every single human around the globe to come to Ukraine through a media storm. I will come and die for you, but we need media coverage. Where do I report to fight? I'm willing to fly to Kau and go to the border of Ukraine to volunteer and fight and die. Will I be able to cross the border to fight without a visa? I mean, it, it just goes on and on and on.


I'm an American coming to fight with you in Ukraine, so you could really see that it, it, it sounds like, I mean really CNN it sounds like M-S-N-B-C, it sounds like the media simulation, the psychosis, the various psychosis that descend upon our population when they keep repeating that we must feel this amount of passion about various events. And this really was the amount of coverage that was being dedicated to Ukraine. like I said yesterday, everyone was just instantly, people who don't even know where Ukraine is, were were hoping that their Apple phones would tell them when they typed in Ukraine, which flag to put into their profiles. And indeed they did, right? Indeed they did. In fact, it was the Ukraine War that ended covid. They jumped from one psychosis to the next. We went from fauci signs on the front lawn to stay at home, save lives, to I will go across to Kiev and listen to, was it U2 or Bono play in the subway and dedicate my life to fight for Ukrainians, even though I can't point it out on a map.


That literally is what happened. And you can see that Ralph was captured in this spell, in this media spell. And he did in fact go to Kiev. Now, this is where things get interesting, because I would not imagine that our State Department would not have been aware that somebody that had his record was going over to Kiev. They would've been monitoring those visits. Obviously our, our hands have been involved, and I'm talking about our government hands, money laundering in Ukraine. Ukraine is an incredibly corrupt country. Zelensky is himself corrupt. And they would've been paying attention to exactly who was visiting, obviously. Well, he made it there because again, he was willing to fight on the front lines. Here's a photo of him in Ukraine holding a sign in Kiev, please world, we need everyone here.


This is good against evil. These children want normal lives. We cannot tolerate corruption and evil for another 50 years. And Russia for our kids. He was interviewed by the New York Times, he was interviewed by Newsweek. He was interviewed speaking about his passion for Ukraine, trying to even offer to get together a group of Afghan soldiers that would fight for Ukraine. Like his whole life depended on this. And he gave an interview to Newsweek and I'll show you another clip of it. And this is again, an interview that was given this one in Romania. Take a listen. If, you If you wanna fight. Come here and see me.


And and I'll put you in a unit so you can go fight. But regardless of that, we should have thousands upon thousands of people standing here with the Ukrainians, this, this maiden square, independent square. We should have millions of people in this square filling the square from every country around the world. And while we don't, don don't understand, I'm here every day with all the flags from all the supporting countries with the memorials for the people that have died. And You know. I've had several people come, but just a handful You know. So it's, it's, it blows my mind that I'm standing here alone with thousands of people from every country, from Asia, from Africa, from Australia, from from Canada, from everywhere in South America.


Every, every place. I'm yeah, Europe, everywhere. We need everybody here. You know If, you have no skills. Just, just come. you know, we need to, we need to be cheerleaders. Just being here and saying, Hey, I support the Ukrainians and I support human rights and I support good and, and, and generosity and caring and kindness and altruism. And it is just, you know, we, we need to show the world that we care. And it is, it is, it is essential. you know, If, you don't do any work at all. Just being here and supporting and, and showing them that, that we care if we care for our fellow human beings is, is, is the most important thing we can do.


Again, we're talking about a near obsession. And there have been people that are wondering, you know, was he on the FBI radar? Was he an FBI asset? Well, here's what I can tell you. It often with these things to establish a pattern when it comes to our government, the best thing to do is, is to look into our government history to really understand how they turn someone into a federal asset. And this is something that I had been remarkably interested in this year, and obviously I've shared with you about that book Chaos and learning about Charles Manson, who was somebody that was in prison who they then turned into a federal asset. They're all crazy, okay? They want to find people that have a checkered past because they'll be willing to do things for the government, or they wanna find people who are not all there upstairs.


And they wanna encourage that, right? They wanna encourage that insanity. What you do is you get an actual federal agent to contact this person to sort of massage this person, to groom this person into violence, right? They infiltrate and then they try to groom people into violence. A recent example of that, by the way, is what happened with the fake plot to murder Governor Whitmer, right? You what you had were FBI agents that found vulnerable people and encouraged them to embark on this plot to kill Governor Whitmer like the FBI was fully behind that. And to what end? To what end? Why would the FBI want to encourage a plot to kill a Democratic governor and then arrest people and say, oh look, Trump supporters are are crazy.


They were gonna try to, to kill Governor Whitmer. And then of course, people learned the facts and you realize, what do you, this is completely outrageous. The FBI was behind this plot, the FBI wanted this to happen because they were relying upon a certain public response. Same with the Charles Manson crimes, right? You have a person who was selected by the feds, people that were enrolled all throughout history into the MK Ultra Program. They would like to find people who they believe can be easily manipulated into an act of violence. and that guy's a perfect candidate, right? If, you are looking for a federal asset. You are watching a guy that has become completely obsessed with Ukraine, so obsessed with Ukraine, that his rhetoric is going, growing increasingly deranged.


And all you gotta do is, is, is is push that guy. So yeah, this, this to me looks like a person that would be perfect if the FBI wanted to encourage a crime to take place of our intelligent intelligence agencies, wanted to encourage a person to do something bad, he would be a perfect candidate. That's just, that's just my viewpoint. Now we've also learned that he had a fiance. Yeah, again, the internet, people on the internet were just crawling through everything. And his fiance, a woman named Kathleen Gardner Schaefer put up a GoFundMe for him, right? I'm gonna tell you about this GoFundMe in just a second after this brief message from our sponsors.


I wanna remind you guys about PreBorn. I'm very passionate about what PreBorn is doing because there are so many Planned Parenthood clinics that continue to rake in billions despite dwindling clients. The biggest takeaways that Planned Parenthood is generating vast profits, including millions in taxpayer funding. With PreBorn, we actively get to steal their clientele, meaning the babies that they're trying to kill. PreBorn operates on a very slim budget, rescuing over 200 babies', lives every single day with no government funding. PreBorn network of clinics are situated in the darkest corners of the nation. They compete head to head with the abortion giants, and they need our help Now more than ever, when you donate $28 to PreBorn, you offer a free ultrasound to an expectant mother caught in a crisis. Because once she hears that heartbeat and sees that precious life, her baby's chance at life doubles. So sponsor a precious baby's life. Today, your tax deductible gift will go directly towards saving babies' lives. Just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or you go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


All right, now back to Ms. Kathleen Schafer. I wanna be respectful. His fiance obviously is a private citizen and obviously anything that we've crawled about her has been freely available on the internet. I think the fact that she established a GoFundMe for him is fair game. So we'll show that GoFundMe again. And she was raising money for her fiance and she says there in the description, hi, my fiance put his life at home on hold and travel to Kiev in April to support the people of Ukraine. He plans on staying for at least 90 days and stays at a hostel with a military unit. Okay? And she obviously was raising money to support that effort. This begs the question, where is this guy's money coming from?


I mean, Hawaii is a remarkably expensive place to live. I'm gonna assume flights into a war zone might be a bit expensive from Hawaii, flying from Hawaii to Romania, flying to Kiev, who is funding all of this. We should be able to get to the bottom of that very easily. Like what, what is behind that effort? Now it looks like for her, she has a job working at Victoria Secret, and like I said, looking further into her doesn't seem to be fair game. So I'm gonna park that aside. But he has a family member that actually spoke out and that was his son. His son's name is Orin Roth. And he spoke to the Daily Mail and said something that is verifiably untrue.


He said, he's my dad. And all he's had is a couple of traffic tickets. As far as I know, I know my dad and I love my dad, but that's nothing like him. He's not a violent person. He is a hard worker and a great dad. He's a a great dude, a nice guy, and has worked his whole effing life. Now why would Orrin say that? We can all look at his records, we can see that he's been arrested with guns, a weapon of mass destruction, barricaded himself. What do you mean? Your dad has only been arrested for traffic for a a, a traffic offense. That's just not true. So I'm, I'm interested in that and to see what that dynamic is. Maybe they don't have such a strong relationship if he wasn't aware that his father had been arrested for these, these various things and just looking up the way his father tweets, I mean, does that seem like a peaceful guy in regards to Ralph's voting record that was pulled up?


His voting record is public. It's North Carolina, he's registered as an unaffiliated voter without a party. In 2012, he voted in the state's Democratic primary in March of this year. That's according to the North Carolina State Board of Elections. He's contributed more than a hundred dollars to act blue, which processes donations for Democrats. Federal campaign finance records reveal. Now, there's an element of this as people are crawling through trying to figure out if he has attachments to any of the intelligent agencies. That is interesting. I'm gonna flag this as interesting. Now, I don't think this person is potential is, well obviously this is not immensely well person. He is clearly deranged, maybe deranged because of the news media.


But somebody went through his X page before it was deleted and determined that his first follow. So just to be clear, in case you're not on X, the way it works is that we can see who your followers are and we can see who it is that you followed. And when you follow someone, it's actually an order, right? So all you have to do is scroll to the bottom of somebody's follows and you can see who they followed first, right? When they made their account, right? So when you look at mine, I don't know, I made my account years ago, but it says my first follow was Donald Trump. It makes sense because I made that account right When I got into politics, So I followed Donald Trump first. Well, this guy Ryan Ralph, followed a former CIA analyst. First, a woman named Sue Kim, who has a private account.


By the way, she was the first person that he chose to follow on Twitter. He follows 60 people, okay? And she is number one. And on her profile, what is revealed is that she still keeps a lot of her CIA affiliations. So I'm just gonna show you Ian Carroll kind of going through what her CIA affiliations are. Ian Carroll is a talker who does investigations online. Take a listen to what he has to say. And when you go through some of these other affiliations here, you get what is essentially the CIA training grounds at John Hopkins University. It explores the relationship between politics and the many kinds of military power from the use of terror by small non-state groups to the threatened use of nuclear weapons.


Its director is John McLaughlin, who is literally an ex acting director of the CIA and ex deputy director of the CIA three decade career at the CIA. David is third on the list of people at the top of this institution at the university, 30 year career in Army Special Forces, various special operations invading various countries as well as Operation Enduring Freedom. You get the idea? Anyways, Rand Corporation, that's a military industrial complex think tank. Kind of like the Atlantic Council and LMI org. Yeah, that's like a military industrial complex education and training program as well.


So to be clear, like I said, this guy's mentally unwell. It's just a weird first follow. It's a weird person to make an account. And the first thing you do is to follow a random former CIA analyst If. you don't know her. How would you even know to look for her name? Well, how is she even coming up? She's a private account. She's not a known CIA member. you know, it's not like you're talking about someone who's big and you go, I wanna follow this person. 'cause it might be interesting. She's, that can't be the case. You either know this person, do you know this person? I guess these are kind of the questions that people are starting to ask. And one thing that we do know as an answer is that our CIA is corrupt. Our CIA has been involved in political assassinations all around the world and at home. that is just a fact. And that is why it is, it is raising some red flags.


Now, by the way, while I was just showing you that the re the police release the body cam footage of the arrest of Ryan Roth And. so I'm going to show you 30 seconds of that action. I'm gonna be watching this with you guys live. This is the first time I'm seeing it as well too. So let's take a look at that footage Driver, take two steps to your right, Take Two steps to your right, Come back Driver, go Straight back. Keep walking, Keep that long.


Okay? So you can see that he went just as they said, it was a peaceful arrest. He obviously understood that he had been caught. He wasn't surprised by this, as was remarked by one of the officers on the scenes that you have all of these police officers pointing guns at you, screaming at you. And he was totally calm. He knew exactly what he was being arrested for. He was not surprised by this arrest, which is going to be interesting to see during his arraignments. It's gonna be interesting to see what he has to say for himself. And by the way, I should add here that he also wrote a book urging Iran to assassinate President Donald Trump. I just find that to be so odd here it is. As published by the AP man accused of trying to kill Trump, wrote a book urging Iran to assassinate the ex-president.


Like, what is this? What is this? That we just keep seeing this theme that appears of people trying to make us believe that Iran is trying to assassinate Trump. They're like, yeah, no, they wanna get even with him for Soleimani, like, which happened years ago. But they're choosing right now as he's running as the time to get even with him. If that makes no sense whatsoever, why wouldn't they have chosen a time when he was out of office and people weren't paying attention? Again, this makes entirely no sense. The narrative makes no sense, and it's being pushed by the people that I trust, the least neocons, war mongers people that I believe, by the way, are the ones that are trying to get Donald Trump assassinated.


I believe that the war class is behind this military industrial complex is behind this because behind every political assassination is a military industrial complex. They want power, they want land, they want resources, and they will kill to get it. And Donald Trump is in their way. that is the reality. Trump is in their way. Now, I wanna talk to keep speaking about that because like I remarked earlier, I find it something, I find it to be something that we can't ignore, right? Which is that any person that got this lackey to participate in this event would've understood that the energy would've then been with the Republican campaign, had Donald Trump have actually been assassinated.


And it is likely that the person that would have assumed the presidency would have been JD Vance. That would've made sense. He said, I pick him for my vp and Republicans would've said, okay, we accept that he picked JD Vance. Maybe we don't know how we feel about him, but we know that we love Trump. We support Trump. And he believed in JD Vance, right? So that signals to me that the military industrial complex was not fearful whatsoever of a JD Vance presidency. Okay? Now, as I've said before, and I'll say it again, don don't know much about JD Vance. Neither do most people know much about JD Vance. We know that he had a fractured upbringing because of my, the simulation that I am in, having looked into Emmanuel Macron and various leaders.


I don't love a story where I don't know that you just grew up with your mom and dad. I just, I just, I want that, I need that Emmanuel. Macron also was raised by his grandparents, Obama raised by his grandparents. And it just, it's just not something that makes me feel entirely comfortable about somebody's upbringing in 2016, and this is, I I, I think something that's worth discussing. JD Vance received a book deal from Harper Collins, obviously for his book, which is Hillbilly Elegy. And Harper Collins is a subsidiary of of Rupert Murdoch's News Court, EM Empire. And that's interesting because I don't remember JD Vance being a big enough name back in 2016 to have secured a book deal. I mean, 2016 we're talking Hillary versus Trump.


All of the stuff that was going on, like JD Vance's name wasn't in the mix. And yet he published a book with Harper Collins, which means he wrote it before then. And then Harper Collins thought it was good to publish. And then it was so good that Netflix opted to turn that into a movie in 2020. Now, Netflix is not normally open to publishing stories about Republicans that are favorable, but they did this, they did this deal. And this could be, by the way, because of his connections, obviously he's great friends with Peter Thiel. He has been working with and friends with Peter Till since 2011. So it's possible that you just have a business deal, a business relationship, and they help you out.


Okay? No questions there. I'm just pointing this out. But there is something that I am uncomfortable with, and I'll tell you that that is the FISA debacle, his, his recent non vote on the FISA tobacco. Now, to remind you guys, just jogging your memory here, you're like, I remember Carter page, I remember that there was actual spying on the Trump campaign. How did that all come about? Well, that all came about because there is a statute that known as the FISA statute, which was enacted in 1978. What it does is, is it authorizes the FISA court to grant an application for an order approving spying electronic surveillance or a search warrant to obtain foreign intelligence information if there is probable cause to believe that the person that you're spying on, okay, is working somehow with a foreign power.


So essentially, lemme just break that down for you. You say you're the government and you say Candace is working with Vladimir Putin. You go to the FS A courts and you say, our suspicion is she's working with Vladimir Putin because she doesn't like Zelensky. And will you grant us the ability to unmask her so that we can start spying on her and, and look at her communications? Okay? That's how the process should work. It, that's how it was supposed to work. But then the Patriot Act, obviously when we gave up all of our privacy after nine 11, we just weren't thinking, I was too young to think, but the adults in the room weren't the adults in the room. And they were like, please government rescue us. Let's give up all of our privacy via the Patriot Act. Well, the Patriot Act then expanded the powers of FISA and allowed what can be described as the two hop rule.


Okay? So that means giving you that same situation. They go to the course, they say, I think Canone is working with Vladimir Putin. And not only then does the courts allow them to spy on me, okay? It also then can grant them the ability to spy on people that are two hops from me. So let's say I'm texting my sister, she can get spied on, and then my sister's texting her friend two hops. Now all of us, all of a sudden because of this new Patriot Act loophole, can, the government can just start spying on us. And that's exactly by the way, how the Trump campaign got spied on. Okay? It was, it was a two hop situation where they're looking into Carter Page and then they decided that they could then look into Trump's communications.


And this is what caused an absolute uproar as it should have. Visa is a disaster. It's not fair that you can just say, I assume this and therefore allow me to look into and be able to spy on American citizens If. You're wondering how is that even possible? It's because all of your data is being stored, every communication that you have is being stored, okay? And it is, it is being stored, but you are masked. You are a masked person, and they can't see whose data it is unless they receive that warrant. So that FISA act, those FISA portions were up for renewal this year. And of course, they always give the the act a different name so that Americans think it's something good.


It was entitled this year, reforming Intelligence and Securing America Act. And it passed 60 34 in the Senate. JD Vance decided to abstain from voting on that. I don't know what his excuse was, but I don't like that. Right? If you're gonna be a hardcore America first person and you have the powers to help us get the government off of our back, you should beat I am hardcore saying that this is unacceptable. Now, who, who did vote against it? Obviously Thomas Massey. Thomas Massey. You can always rely on him to try to get the government monkey off of our backs. But JD Van abstained, and I think it's interesting that he stain sustained, he abstained, pardon?


Because we know that he is great friends with and has been funded by, and has been mentored by Peter Thiel. Okay? Now, Peter Thiel is in fact, according to Business Insider and FBI informant, okay? And that's not shocking given the fact that he works with the government. Again, this is not a shot at Peter Thiel. I'm just giving you guys the facts because it's important in understanding why. What may have guided JD Vance to abstain from this vote? Peter Thiel's a billionaire for a lot of reasons. One of them is Palantir, that's his big company. And it, his company created AI to crawl through all of our raw data. He's unable to pass that information over to the government when they have their warrants.


Okay? So Palantir has thus far made $2.3 billion in DOD contracts, okay? Our defense department is paying Palantir two has paid Palantir $2.3 billion in contracts since 2008. So that makes up more than half of Palantir's profits. They're getting their profits directly from our Department of Defense. Okay? So when I see a vote like that or a non vote like that, when I see him abstaining, my question is, why do you think that Peter Thiel would be adverse to war? Could you imagine how much data and how much, you know, how many warrants and trying to be able to spy on American citizens during war time?


I mean, that's a, it's, it's a lot of money. War is a driver of profits. that is the reality. Okay, And. so when I see that, I go, okay, is, is this an America first person or do we have a personal relationship that would not make him isolationist? Is this part of the reason why there wouldn't be much fear about a JD Vance presidency because he necessarily maybe isn't against getting involved in wars or wouldn't be vocally against a war because of his contacts. Now, again, I wanna be clear, this is not a shot at JD Vance or a shot at Peter or Thiel. These are just the facts. We have a right to talk about these facts. And then there, and there's a couple more things that I wanna speak to you about and, and I'm gonna tell you exactly who it is that I think that Trump should have running with him if he really wants to make himself assassination proof.


But first I wanna remind you guys about Nimi skincare. 'cause you guys always asking what I'm using on my skin. And I tell you, Nimi Skincare is my favorite skincare brand. They've been known. They have come to be known rather as America's skincare company because they formulate and manufacturer all of their skincare products here in the USA while supporting pro-American causes and organizations, plus supporting the show. Nimi Skincare is a true American luxury skincare brand, but their prices are affordable since they deliver directly to your door and cut out the big box retailer middleman. Nimi has everything you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse, brighten, protect, and help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason that I love Nimi is that they're a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom. So sign up right now@nimiskincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine. And you can save an additional 5% If. you use code Candace at checkout, plus you'll receive a free gift on every third order. If, you aren't sure where to start, you can take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin type. That's NI mi skincare.com and use promo code Candace at checkout today.


All Right. guys, we're gonna dive right back into this. I'm very interested in seeing your comments about this, but so my mentality here is that whenever there is a political assassination, it's because they want war. They want war. There is power that they're trying to assume there are things they want done. No greater example of this than JFK being assassinated, partially for his refusal to accept the CIA's plans when they wanted to stage a false flag attack on American soil in order to get the American public to agree to go to war with Cuba. Again, I'll, you can look this up yourself. I'm not making this up. It's Operation North Woods. So we know that they are salivating for war.


Now, I'm not going to judge JD Vance and say that he is pro-war, but he clearly is not anti-war enough. 'cause there's no, they have no fear. Trump has to have a VP candidate that is so anti-war that our intelligent agencies start protecting him. Right? Okay, well, better to go with the devil, you know, kind of a situation. And there's only really in my viewpoint, one person that would send a chill down their spine when it comes to being anti-war. and that individual is Thomas Massey. Thomas Massey is someone that I hope one day I vote for, for president. I will crawl over broken glass to vote for this man for president.


He is, in my viewpoint, the congressman that has the most consistent American first values. Who has stood up to the thugs over at apac. He has stood up to any lobbying group. He stood up to big pharma, the thugs over at Big Pharma during Covid. He morally drove his car because he refused to mask up, okay? He refused to wear a mask to be able to fly. So he drove to DC the entire time. Covid restrictions were in the air. that is the kind of person who cannot be bought, it cannot be paid for. He's not gonna care about any money. He doesn't want the money. He's happy, okay? He doesn't even, for all I know, want to be anything more than what he already is.


But he should be. That's exactly the kind of person that we want to be in office. And let me tell you something right now, if Donald Trump announced that Thomas Massey was his new vp, okay? And if JD Van supported that, and I think that he should, if he's a patriot and he actually cares about this country, and he's seeing how dire the situation is, he should support a Thomas Massey VP slot. Because let me tell you, as I said, what would happen? They would go, we gotta protect Donald Trump. 'cause Thomas Massey's a problem. Thomas Massey, he's not even bending a Trump. Trump might give us an inch. you know, he might say, oh, we should get the job done. Thomas Massey's like no Ukraine, no Afghanistan, no Israel, no war ever. Not a single dollar overseas until America is fixed.


That's a problem as a problem for the deep state who is salivating to go to war with Iran and Russia. I do wanna say this guys, because you, you should recognize this World War III is around the corner. It's already been planned in boardrooms. Obviously. That's how wars happen. We understand this now, okay? Whatever they're selling to the public, oh, it was because Iran assassin Trump, everything you've learned in your textbook is a lie, okay? Wars are plotted in boardrooms with bankers, okay? We have banksters that are running the world. And when they recognize that they want resources, when they recognize that they want power, when they recognize that they wanna change the map, they go to war and then they do whatever they have to do to get people on their side.


Our, our best guard against this coming war is to be vigilant, okay? To continue to refuse to allow them to ma, to manipulate us into believing their foolish narratives. We should want in every office position, people like Thomas Massey, because I'm telling you this one, this one makes me scared, okay? Because in the way that they are selling and polluting people's minds to accept that death and dropping bombs is okay, and children and women dying are okay. And I see people get in line with these narratives thinking, you fool, do you think these psychopaths will hesitate to drop a bomb on you and your family if they believe it necessary to get what they want?


When you, when you support psychopaths and their psychopathic excuses for why it's okay to murder children, just know that they don't draw a line when it comes to your family. Okay? If they're not gonna be like, well, I said that about a million Iraqis. Eh, I said that about 40,000 innocent Palestinians. But I would never, ever do that to Joe out in Pennsylvania. That's not how this works. Okay? The military industrial complex is an evil satanic complex, okay? They do not care about anything other than themselves. The global elite getting what they want, the enslaving of the population. America has become a slave colony to the military industrial complex.


In fact, I would argue America has always been a slave colony to the military industrial complex. Our country, forget the stories that you heard in your textbook, was founded by Freemasons warring for control over the people. And the communists won the day that JFK was shot, the takeover of America by communists was done. It was completed, okay? And we have had war after war, after nonstop war, the efforts that they take, the in increasing efforts that they take to have these false flag events, to get people to read articles, to feel sad. Journalists that are paid by these groups paid to try to manipulate your emotions into believing that what we're doing overseas is acceptable when it's not a part of, in my view, their satanic cult.


It is a, a huge industry, the military industrial complex that benefits very few people. And those people are not me and you. So you need to wake up to that. You need to be vigilant to that. You need to stop being cry babies and being upset when someone mentions this stuff. Stop saying stupid leftist things like, we just need unity. That unity is not gonna solve the people who wanna assassinate Donald Trump. Reality is getting real about what we are facing today, okay? Guarding ourselves in our households, making sure that our children are not fed into their ecosystem of trash that has become the Department of Education, okay? Learning real history, not the fairytales that are taught to us in school and refusing, like I said, refusing to accept these mainstream media narratives.


So here's my hope. My hope is that Trump wakes up to this because I think, and I'm gonna say this, people are going to be upset, but I, I think Trump has been naive. I do, I think he's been naive. I think he believes that when someone cuts him a $10 million check, it means that they're his friend. 50 million check. Oh, that must mean they're my friend. Hundred million check. Oh, that must be, they're my friend. And not that they seek to control you, okay? And if you're smart and you've got that kind of money, you'll have been smart enough to have split your vote. You would've been smart enough to have given money to both candidates to control them in different ways, okay? They do not want you to be present.


I don't care who wrote you a check, okay? They want you dead. Trump needs to wake up to this. His children need to wake up to this, okay? You're not well liked because they're writing a nice article about you in the New York Times. New York Times doesn't work for you, doesn't work for the American people. They work for the deep state. I think the American people recognize that. like I said, if I was running Trump's campaign today, it would be very easy. I would sit every person down. I'd say, what do you think about war with Iran? That'd be my litmus test. Oh, they said, oh, you know, Iran dangerous, I would fire them.


That's it. I think we should, I think we should be bombing fired. That would be the litmus test. Goodbye. Hey, what do you think about war? Any person that responds and says yes to war, I would fire. and that I would put Thomas Massey as my two. That's my piece of advice for Donald Trump if he wishes to survive this election cycle. And let's be very clear, it's not like the assassination attempts will stop if he wins. I think we can, we can feel some comfort in knowing that they don't think that Kamala Harris is going to win or they wouldn't have attempted the assassination attempt, right? There's a little bit of comfort in that, but it's not like it's gonna magically end if he does win.


And Trump needs to wake up to that. He needs to stop being naive. He needs to stop listening to advisors. He needs to stop believing that money equals friendship and not control. Because it means control. It means manipulating you, getting you to say stupid things to pull you away from your followers and your supporters as they infiltrate your campaign. Turn you into someone that you're not. Because you're never going to be accepted by the military industrial crowd. You're never going to be accepted unless you agree with never ending war. And you don't agree with that. Trump, you don't agree with that. All Right. guys, I'm gonna get into to some of your comments here. I realize I am going on an absolute rant. I, I think I just need to, I have one more scroll down here and get into some of your comments.


I do at first, by the way, wanna say about American Financing in, in conclusion, they are just such a, a great company. We all know that the, the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, the expenses are up, and it's very hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing credit cards. So if you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today. You can call my friends in American Financing. The in interest rates are coming down are now below fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If, you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing do net slash Owens.


Alright, some of your comments right away. Beebo writes, JD Vance is the new LBJ. His ties to Palantir voting servers in 2020 that was shipped to Ukraine. And his guru teal is deep state suss. Again, I am definitively not here to present JD Vance as anything other than the facts portray him to be. I am not saying that he is a new LBJ and I certainly wanna be clear that I'm not suggesting that he knew that Trump, they were going to attempt to assassinate Trump by any means. But I do not think, given how dire things have become, that he is the correct number two, you put a Thomas Massey in that seat and they will guarantee Trump's safety.


I promise you that. Ara writes Candace speaking truth, like always. Thank you so much. Natalie writes, my husband and I appreciate you Candace. Thank you Natalie. And Triple Writes, money is always the root of evil. Christ is king. Yes. And that is why I said, I don't think that Trump has been in his Bible. I don't think he recognizes. I think that there are so many people that believe that when somebody like is funding you with a giant check in politics, it's because they are your friend and not because they understand the rules of the devil, not because they understand that they can get you to abandon your values for the right amount of money. This is an offering that comes to people all across the board, right? Journalists. Why do you think so many of them tell lies every single day?


They're getting funded too. They're getting free trips, they're, they're getting scholarships if they hold a certain perspective and write articles in that way. It's very clear that there are these journalists and they, this is the way that they think I can make more money if I certain, if I just take this perspective. And obviously for me, that has not been a thing. Sometimes I, I, I just think my life would be so much easier if I could just be fake. I really do. like I said, when Kanye wrote, I suffer from realness. I understood that spiritually. I was like, I am suffering from being real. If I just said the thing said the stupid thing, go Ukraine, flag, whatever. If I just said the BLM thing in the beginning, I would be on the cover of Vogue, be on the cover of every magazine.


They'd be like, oh, she's so wonderful and amazing. But no, I suffer from realness and I instead really enjoy the fact that, you know, we're just beating these guys like Whack-a-Mole. I mean they're like, you're not allowed on YouTube. And then now we are at the top of the Spotify chart. I think we're number four overall, all podcasts in the USA, which is just amazing. And it's not a credit to me, it's really a credit to you guys. It's a credit to the fact that you guys are as resilient as I am and you're just gonna find the content and I'm just gonna keep making it. And I just wanna thank you guys in closing because last week we had so many people sign up@locals.com to support the show. And it just is when something big happens, like you're off of YouTube and then you look up and you see locals and you just remind yourself the people are with you.


And I'm gonna continue to fight. I'm gonna continue to tell the truth even if it makes people uncomfortable. I'm sure after today's episode, oh, you said that Trump is being naive. I believe that you think JD Van should step aside. I believe that these are the conversations that we need to have. And again, it is not to be disrespectful. It is to be helpful, and it is to be realistic. So thank you guys for keeping us here. And that's it. That's all I have for you today. We'll see you tomorrow.