
All Right guys. Happy Wednesday. I'm really sorry that we're running late today. I am not kidding when I say that for whatever reason, as we've been doing this investigation right before we're about to do the show, there seems to be these big breaks and then we are just clamoring, we're all over the place trying to gather everything that we've just realized. And I had a major break in the Kamala investigation and I am stressed. I'm actually, as I said on Instagram at the point where I personally want reparations from Kamala Harris. I actually think all of us are now personally due reparations from Kamala Harris for this book. The Ancestral black face that is going on is out of control. Obviously, we have been investigating Barrell and you're just not going to believe what we've actually found out about Barrel's, mom, Iris.


So let's just get started right away. Welcome back to CANDACE Kamala Harris, if that's even your real name. I just want you to know that you have an open invite to the show. I am probably the only person that will give you a serious interview, and I feel that I deserve it. Truly, I feel that I deserve this interview to sit down with you and learn who the hell you are or who the hell you think you are, because it does take a lot of audacity to do what you have done. So let's just pick up with barrel, right?


That is what we have been inching closer to, recognizing that we've been lied to about barrel. That was the big break that we got last week. And as I said, I confirmed this with relatives in Kamala's family, that she lied about Barrell. That picture is not the correct barrel. She was light-skinned and that she had a sister named Norma. So I just kind of wanted to focus on Barrell myself because I just felt like you get this feeling that we're so close and there's something that's in our face and we're just kind of missing it. That's how I have felt throughout this entire process. Like Candace, what are the pieces that you're putting together here that the picture is appearing in front of you? So I said, let me go back and just kind of write down the bullet points of the things that we know as for sure, like basically as a fact about this alleged barrel Finnegan that we have been looking for.


Okay? What do we actually have as presented as fact rather from Kamala or Kamala's father or somebody related to her family? So here it is. I'm gonna take you guys through this list per Donald's essay, which was published in Jamaican Global Online. We know that Bell's mother's name is Iris, that she went as Miss Iris. Per that same essay, we learned that Iris was married to Mr. Christie, which implies it's not for certain that his surname could include, that her surname could include Christie. So maybe we have Iris Christie somewhere, or also maybe perhaps that we have a barrel Christie somewhere, because perhaps we could assume that Mr.


Christie is her father. What we know as a an established fact from Donald's essay is that Iris and Mr. Christie ran a cane farm near, and I don't know if I've been saying this right, but I've been saying ain in town, or maybe it's Enon town. That is again what he put in his essay. He also let us know that Bell's mother Iris was involved in the church. We then knew per Dorothy's memories that Beryl was extraordinarily light lighter than Kamala Harris. And again, I confirmed that with a relative, a direct relative of Kamala, the family said, no, that is not a picture of barrel that is put in her book, which is explosive in every mainstream news media outlet should be reporting on this.


And of course, they are not because they're terrified of this series 'cause they are complicit in all of these lies. And we also know that Barrel's mothers maiden name was Finnegan. We learned this by the way, in his essay, he, he writes that her name was Nay Finnegan. We're gonna actually read his essay directly because there are some things that I really wanna impress upon you. And lastly, as I said earlier, we know that she had a sister that that sister's name is Norma, and that Norma was even whiter than Barrell was. That has been confirmed by relatives. Okay, now I want to jump into focusing on what specifically Donald wrote in his piece because I had to just keep rereading it and keep rereading it for clues until finally it jumped on me.


I'm taking you guys on the journey that I have been on over the last few weeks. Donald wrote that and I'm just gonna read quote, my roots go back within my lifetime to my paternal grandmother, miss Chrisy, formerly Christiana Brown, descendant of Hamilton Brown, who is on record as plantation and slave owner and a founder of Brownstown and to my maternal grandmother. This is where we're gonna focus Miss Iris, formerly Iris Finnegan Farmer, and an educator from Anon Town and Inverness ancestry Unknown to me. Okay, now here is the rest of Donald's piece. We're pulling this up for you. If you'd like to read along.


We're just focusing on the portion about Miss Iris. Okay, miss Iris, mother of eight til children two was the sweetest and gentlest person one could meet. But underneath it was a tough farming woman who ran the cane farm at Thatch walk near Enon town, jointly owned with her husband Mr. Christie. She was always ready to go to church on Sunday to preach and teach about the revelations that she saw approaching the world at that time, during and after World War ii, in accord with the Bible, I spent summers with her roaming around the cane field, fascinated by the mechanical operation of cane juicing by the old method, a wooden pole extended out from the grinding machine and tied to a mule walking round and round to grind the cane and eager to drink a cup of the juice caught directly from the juice flowing into the vat to be boiled and crystallized as raw sugar.


No Coke or Pepsi could beat the taste of that fresh cane juice. It was a joy and a learning experience for me to hang out with the workers on the cane farm, see them wield a cutlass, the machete with such flourish and finesse. Listen to their stories of exploits some to X-rated for me to repeat and sit with them as they prepared their meal by putting everything in one big Dutch pot, cooking over an open fire in the field and serving it out on a big banana leaf for all of us to eat. Sitting there looking back. Now I can say with certainty and all due credit to Miss Iris, that it was this early intimate exposure to operation of the sugar industry at the local level of small scale production with family labor and free wage labor.


Coupled with my growing curiosity about how these things came to be, that led me, once I started reading about the history of Jamaica to a closer study of the sugar industry, I came then to understand its origin as a system of global production and commerce based on slave labor with Jamaica as a key component of that system from its very start, Ms. Iris died in 1981 at the grand old age of 93, and I grieved over the lost of someone so dear and close to me. She is shown here in a photo taken by me in 1966, just back from church proudly holding in her lap little Kamala and confident in her firm prediction even then of the future achievements of her great-granddaughter after giving her blessings by making a cross with her finger on a child's forehead.


Okay? I wanted to read that to you so that you could be processing this information with me. I actually realized there are a ton of clues in here. There are aspects of this piece that never quite even made sense to me. By the way, the biggest thing that I thought was a glaring error of some description was the fact that he says that Iris was nay Finnegan. That she was formerly Finnegan, implying that she then became Iris Christie because she says that she was married to Mr. Christie. I think we can reasonably assume that within this timeframe, okay, this isn't like the woke United States, 2024 men, were not taking the surnames of women, right?


So if he's being called Mr. Christie, it's likely not because he's taking her surname. And we thought, I thought that was very strange that he wrote Nay Finnegan because it would imply that she was born Finnegan. And we know that that wasn't accurate because we have barrels birth certificate. Okay? So we have Iris's daughter barrel's, grandma Barrell birth certificate, and it lists Iris Finnegan, but it says that her name is formerly Allen. Okay? So we should be, he should have written Iris nay Allen as the mother. So that was always something that I just had in my head. As a strange question mark, we're showing you that birth certificate right now. There we have, just as he listed in Inverness St.


Anne, born in 1917, we have Barrell Magdalene, a female, and the mother is Iris Finnegan, formerly Allen listed as a seamstress. Okay? So parking that aside, another thing that he gives us, he writes that, that she lived to the grand old age of 93. So I just went into my head, okay, how many people with the name Iris Finnegan, Christie, whatever it is, have lived that long in that particular area in this timeframe? We, we've gotta be able to limit this down to just a few irises, maybe even just one Iris. People just don't live into their nineties, right?


So I was looking for a woman that was born around 1888 and lived until the 1980s with the surnames, Christie or Finnegan. Okay? Lo and behold, and by the way, I wanna be clear, this is off by two years, but I was always comfortable with the idea that he may have had her birth year wrong, or her death year wrong, because on Jamaican global online, they actually had to update this piece twice because Donald had the wrong death date and his wrong age dates for when Christiana Brown died. Quite strange. 'cause when you're writing a piece, you can sit down and do the math, but I, I know that they had to adjust this piece a few times because of wrong dates for his grandparents.


So lo and behold, I come across on ancestry.com, this entry of an Iris Christie, I'm gonna show you this right now. Look at this. An Iris Christie, a female death age 97, died in Kingston, Jamaica born a death date is in 1983, which puts her birthdate at 1886. And it tells us that her spouse is Claudius Christie. I said, okay, like there could be another woman that lived this long with the exact same name around the exact same area. Let me see if I can locate a death certificate for this Miss Iris Christie.


And we were in fact, able to locate a death certificate. So let's pull that up here. All right, so we're getting a little more information here. We have this Iris Christie. It tells us that she died of respiratory failure. Okay, check. It tells us that she was married. Okay, check. It tells us that she lived to the ripe old age of 97. Now he says 93 or 94, but okay, and that doesn't put me off at all. Again, she was quite old and he would've been quite young and he, maybe we didn't have that correct. Tells us the birthplace is Saint Anne. I'm feeling really good about this and I'm going, okay, like let's maybe look into Claudia Christie.


Now, of course, what's missing here is we don't have any indication that her name was formerly Finnegan or at all Finnegan. So we're putting this in the maybe pile until we came across something else that was incredibly interesting. Gimme 30 seconds to toss this to one of our advertisers, and I'm gonna tell you what that is.


I wanna let you guys know that this episode is being sponsored by Nimi Skincare, which I, you know, is my favorite skincare brand out there. I'm always on Instagram using it. I love it because it's America's skincare company. They actually formulate and manufacture manufacturer all of their skincare products right here on the USA while supporting pro-American causes and organizations. Nimi Skincare is true American luxury skincare, but their prices are affordable since they deliver directly to your door and they cut out the big box retailer middleman. Nimi has everything that you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen. Cleanse, bright and Protect. You can help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason I love nimi is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom. So sign up right now at Nimi Skincare dot com for a subscription. You'll save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% If you use code Candace at checkout. Plus, you'll receive a free gift on every third order. If you aren't sure where to start, you can take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin type. Again, that's NIMI skincare.com, promo code Candace today.


Okay, so Claudia's Christie, I'm like, let me see if I can find a guy named Claudia's Christie on Ancestry. Okay? Can't be that many of them. And there weren't that many of them within this timeframe. We only stumbled upon two, and these two were clearly related. Okay? So we have a Claudius Christie, who we now know is married to an Iris Christie. And this is this screenshot that instantly came up that made me go, oh, okay, look at this screenshot from ancestry.com. Claudius e Christie. And then you see it says relative SS Finnegan. Oh, but look at the birth. We have the birth in Jamaica, in InTown Saint Anne.


Okay? Okay? Things are, things are happening here. Things are happening here. So pull that bug off. So we know that this man was married to Iris, that was married to Iris, and for whatever reason, this document, and you can see we're gonna get into a US passenger list, a ship that is going to new or New Orleans. Like what? What are we talking about here? And from Eatontown? Like now I'm like, okay, we're getting real specific here. Eatontown Iris, Mr. Christie, you're not gonna convince me we don't have the right Mr. Christie here. But I said, let's, let's take a look and see what we can come up with. Okay? This is just crazy. So let's take a look at this document, this ship manifest document and see if anything jumps out at us.


Okay? So just to be clear, when you're seeing that SS Finnegan, what happens is that when people are on Ancestry, they are trying to read this old script and they're writing whatever they think that it says, or doing their best to, to write what they think that it says to decipher what it is that people are writing. And obviously this is quite old, this is from 1943, and we have this ship again, the David c Shanks ship. Now, this instantly flagged in my head because I remember that Lawford, Newland, remember that name when we found a marriage certificate between a barrel and a Lawford, Newland and Lawford, for whatever reason, was going for agricultural work into New Orleans.


And I was going, this doesn't make any sense. Beryl was supposed to have money. And we know Beryl had money 'cause her son was rolling around her son, Kenneth has been rolling around in a motorcycle. And Dorothy fondly remembers that, remembers I'm running the store. So that was, I'm already like, okay, now we have, now we have Mr. Christie on the same exact ship, headed to the same exact place, presumably also for agricultural work. So it's two pages. I'm gonna give you first the bird's eye view of page one of this, of this manifest. And then we'll cut over here to page two. And now we're going to do a closeup of what it says. Okay? So there you can see that we have two Claudius Christie's and they're traveling together and it says Claudius Christie 33.


That's the age. Claudius Christie 24. And then you can see in the further column that it lets us know, yes, he is from Enon Town, Saint Ann Jamaica. Okay, now if we get to that second page, this is exactly how we did it today too. I went, okay, that person wrote SS Finnegan, but I don't see Ss Finnegan, right? I see maybe JJ Finnegan. I asked Mark, my director, he's like, yeah, no, I see JJ that I don't think of. There's anybody that makes an S like that in cursive. So we're going, okay, interesting. But actually what I find more interesting is that next to it in parentheses, it says, what I believed was friend, I'm going, wait a second, this guy is married, okay?


He's, he's married to Iris. This shouldn't be a friend of his, this should be some sort of a relative. We again, see in InTown St. Ann Jamaica. And beneath it, I can't make out who his father is. Looks to me to say like Jamie Christie might be the father. But I'm going, why would JJ Finnegan, and maybe I'm just reading the cursive wrong, we listed as a friend and then I said, wait, what is this column in general? Like, what is this column asking for them to fill out? And here's what the top of that column says. It says the name and complete address of the nearest relative or friend in the country went, the alien came, or if none there, but in the country of which a citizen or subject.


So he has put down that he's got a friend. I I, I don't know if this is like to vouch for, is just writing down a friend would be this J-J-S-S-T-T. We don't really know, but we've got a Finnegan friend. And this, this math is not matting. Furthermore, on this document, this Mr. Christie is listed as a black negro. Now why is that relevant? Well, it's relevant because Donald Harris has provided us with a photo of his wife, miss Iris Christie. Okay, Iris, miss Iris is very much black, very, very dark skinned.


The woman that is holding Kamala Harris. And now we are being told, informed by this she ship manifest that her husband was also a black negro. And I am not saying that I am a geneticist. I am not saying that I'm 23 and me, but I've been around, I've been around enough to know that two black Negroes cannot produce a white Norma or an Irish looking barrel. So what the heck is going on here? Also, just like I said about Lawford, Newland and, and barrel burial, typically people who own and operate farms and are operating stores are not out here on ships to America looking to pick up work agricultural work with their sons or their relatives.


So I said, can we find Claudia's birth certificate? Okay, can we find Claudia's? Maybe Claudius had money, I don't know. And, and then gave it to his wife and then she gave it to Beryl. Like is who is this? Claudia's Christie. And here's what we came up with. Yeah, here's Claudia's birth certificate. Claudia was born in 1895, so that makes sense having married Iris. And it tells us that his mother's name is Emily Christie. And that she was a laborer. Gosh, where so many laborers. Where is all of this money coming from you guys? What are we, what are we to make of this? I will tell you what I have made of this.


I think I was correct from day one. Okay? What they have done is they have merged identities. Okay? I very much believe on the basis of what Donald wrote in his piece, that he knew the identity of the people who worked on the farm. He did. He tells you he ran around, they told him the stories. Like, okay, so he knew these workers, he knew these agricultural workers. And there's no doubt in my mind that he had a real relationship with them. Such a real relationship that I believe a Donald Harris merged the identity of the people who worked on the farm and the people who owned it. I believe the people who owned that farm are his true grandparents.


Okay? I think Kamala's real great grandmother was Aura Iris Allen. Okay? Not nay Finnegan. I believe it is nay Allen that she was, she was Aura Allen. And I know and now believe that he told the truth about her love of preaching the Bible. Because now that I had that in my mind, I said, let me just look up Aura Allen. Let me look up a Allen looking up Aura Christie, look all this stuff. What about just Aura Allen? And would you believe that we were able to stumble upon in Iris Allen multiple times in the Kingston Gleaner as an evangelist for the New Testament Church of God, Cambridge St.


James. I'm gonna show you that piece right here. Cambridge. You have Rev Winston Williams and evangelist Iris Allen, multiple entries that tell us that she was involved with this church. And when I mapped out where this church was, ladies and gentlemen, it was in Saint. And so again, what do we have a circumstance of? Well, I'm telling you right now, if the next journalist that is in front of her does not begin to ask her questions about this, okay, then we know that everyone is simply a fraud. 'cause this is unbelievably scandalous, okay? It's unbelievably scandalous. I truly believe with everything in me that that picture of barrell that she used was likely a woman whose name was Barrell.


I don't doubt that, but it wasn't her grandma, okay? That wasn't Grandma Barrell. That was likely a grandma. That was likely somebody's grandma who had been working on a farm, which was in part owned by her father's family. And similarly for this Iris Allen and these women who never quite looked affectionate in these photos with Kamala Harris. Yeah, I believe that that woman likely worked on that farm for a very long time. And so he had the confidence to take their names and to merge their identities with his true relatives who he does not want to give to the public. So now I'm very interested in the true Iris Allen.


Okay? And who in fact, her husband is maybe, maybe Alan was her married name, who knows. But I'm interested in the Allen family. 'cause I think this all but proves that she has completely lied about both of these grandparents. 'cause like I said, I am geneticist. I am not. I don, I don't do genetics. But I've been around and you just cannot tell me that two negro blacks created a white Irish looking woman and an even whiter woman who we have still yet to find. And that's all. I'm gonna stay on that topic for right now. All Right guys.


Medical tests can reveal your body's biological age, which will show If you are aging prematurely. Better nutrition has been shown to reverse one's bio age. My hope of living longer and healthier is why I take Field of Greens. Field of Greens is an organic super fruit, fruit and vegetable drink, unlike any other. It is serious nutrition. Listen to this Field of Greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. That just means better health. Each fruit and vegetable and Field of Greens was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like your heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and your immune system. Make Field of Greens your go-to for getting the nutrients you need. I'm sure you'll love Field of Greens, but If you don't, you can return it for a full refund Right now. My listeners will get a 15% off of their first order and free rush shipping If you visit Field of Greens dot com and use promo code Candace. Again, that's promo code Candace at Field of Greens dot com, Field of Greens dot com.


Alright. Right guys. Now I am just, I'm shaken by this. I'm just shaken by this. This woman, this woman is just, I mean, this is ancestral blackface. It is just ancestral blackface. And the reason why I know that we have stumbled upon the truth is because she's very nervous now to discuss her blackness. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you her just yesterday interview. But first I wanna go back and memory lane because now they're trying to play the like men in black, hold up the little instrument and just wipe our memory and pretend that she actually never ran on being black and that that wasn't ever a thing. So I just wanna make sure that I remind everyone that it was the thing, like we didn't do this because we just decided to wake up one day and choose violence.


They chose violence by going after Janet Jackson and we rose to the occasion. So let's take a trip down memory lane and take a look at some clips of Kamala. Really just speaking about not even, she didn't even say she was black at once upon a time. 2006, she said she was African American. Like there is no African in this woman, okay? Jamaican percentage at most. But in 2006 at the state of the Black Union, she became African. Take a listen. It is morally incorrect, but nobody cares about that. You can look at Katrina. Nobody cares about the fact that we've got a bunch of young black and brown men in prison. That argument is not working.


What I suggest we do as African Americans is own this issue in law enforcement and then define it in the way that works for us. Because it is a myth to say that African Americans don't want law enforcement. We do. We want our grandmothers to be able to walk to church and be safe. We want our babies to be able to walk to the park and be safe. What we don't want is racial profiling. What we don't want is excessive force. That's right. What we don't want is to have our civil liberties and civil rights be stripped. But we do want law enforcement. Okay, Kamala, thus far you're like an Indian, Canadian Jew. But we'll just go with that for a second. And also watch this clip of her being interviewed by Uncle Luke on people questioning her blackness that that was posted to, to her YouTube.


This is 2019. Take a listen. When people question your blackness, you were on that bus and you were part of civil rights movement. But the struggle is, is is convincing people that this is a strong black woman who lived a, who lives a strong black life. And why is there any question? You're Right. It's frustrating. There was this one journalist who said to me, I'm doing this interview. And he says, well, you have family members that went to Stanford and Harvard, but you chose to go to Howard. No elite schools like Stanford, but you chose to go to Howard. Now You know, I was ready to hang this thing up.


Right? Right. I was literally, and I was like, I was about to go off, which would not have been cool 'cause I'm trying to get elected. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you went to Howard and, And Right, but you went to, they went to these elite, elite schools and you went to, and I said, well, you do know that Howard University is the Mecca. Exactly. Put that, just put that, you know, let's put that in its place. She literally nods and says yes, as he says, you were a part of the civil rights movement. And like, like she's, she was trying to sell that she was a part of this effort to desegregate. And then we fact check that and Malalia Tech determined that that was a lie and that was untrue.


That obviously, Nope, not at all. Nope. Only thing was that San Francisco where, which had already had de desegregation for years, the students desegregated. They just realized that like too many black kids were going to one school versus another. Schools again, were not segregated. They just realized that based on where people lived, because of your bus districting, that a lot of black kids were going to one school, a lot of white kids were going to one school and they wanted to fix that by changing the bus routes. So you know, If you grew up like in the nineties, like me, sometimes you had to go very far to go to school, right? And you're like, why do I, why do I have to pass the closer school to go to the school? That's very far. That's 'cause they were like, well we wanna kind of even out white versus black because the neighborhoods are kind of dictating which school people go to.


That's all. That's it. So when they first started doing that, now she has written into her legacy that she was a part of desegregation even though there was absolutely no segregation. So that's just that, that is just really incredible. Now she's Rosa Parks ladies and gentlemen. And it gets worse. I think honestly this might be the worst, is when she's introduced as the first black female VP at the 113th NAACP National Convention. Take a listen. Not only are we meeting as a group for the first time since the Coronavirus Pandemic turned our lives upside down, but we are joined by the first black female vice president of the United States of America.


We have waited far too long to have a black woman representing us in the White House. It is imperative that we support her and uplift her. All of the progress she has made and continues to make for our community. We must support her. Nothing I repeat, nothing is more unstoppable than a black woman in action. Oh it is so good to be here with all my sisters and brothers. Let me just thank Vice Chair Boykins Town for that incredible introduction.


Incredible introduction. She loved it. She ate it up. Yes. First black. Here I am, brothers and sister. Brothers and sisters. It's not funny. I'm deeply upset about this. So let's fast forward to yesterday. Okay? 'cause this is just incredible. She's now freaking out. When somebody, somebody this journalist realizes, hey, you're no longer leaning into the historic nature of your campaign. Obviously what this journalist meant was weren't we all doing the, like you're the first black person running and you are just gonna watch Kamala filibuster this and suddenly she don't wanna talk about wonderful introductions.


Take a listen to her being interviewed by Halle Jackson for NBC news. You've been reluctant to lean into to talk about the historic nature of your candidacy on the campaign trail. Why is that? Well, I'm clearly a woman. I don't need to point that out to anyone. The the point that most people really care about is can you do the job and do you have a plan to actually focus on them? I hear you on that. And that is, that is why I spend the majority of my time listening and then addressing the concerns, the challenges, the dreams, the ambitions and the aspirations of the American people. They deserve to have a president who's focused on them as opposed to a Donald Trump who's constantly focused on himself.


I think that's part of why people are exhausted with Donald Trump and his approach because it's all about himself and his personal grievances and not about the American people. Not about how are you gonna help families? How are you gonna help small businesses? How are you gonna strengthen our economy? These are the things I'm focused on. I'm focused on investing in the new industries on which America should lead and be like Global. We can come out of this. I mean you could just see the filibuster is strong and credit to that woman Halle from NBC. She's a real one. 'cause you know what she was trying to ask? She's like, no, no, no, I hear you. But, and Kamal was like, am clearly a woman. Yeah, that wasn't the historic nature of their campaign. Hillary Clinton already ran twice the historic nature, which If you had let Halle finish her statement and you weren't gonna letter 'cause you're no dummy and you know people are onto you now, historic nature that you seem now somewhat reluctant to speak about is your blackness.


You lean into that a lot. Come on, the brothers, the sisters, we're out here waiting for you to speak about your blackness. She doesn't wanna do it anymore guys. 'cause you've been telling me the truth. She's the worst kind of racist. I'm telling you, you, you can't just be out here plagiarizing grandmas. You can't just be out here plagiarizing agricultural laborers who likely worked on the farms that your family have owned for generations. Because we now know that you were a direct descendant of slave owners. So sitting here talking about what black people are struggling with due to historic injustice, you are really going to have to pipe down ma'am, you have to pipe down right now, speaking of race baiting, you know Barry, so Toros obviously now doing the rounds, they're very nervous about black men who are not getting into shape like black men.


You know what you gotta do? Vote for the Democrats And who better to tell you than like an Indonesian Hawaiian and a white rapper? 'cause if you're having an identity crisis, this is the dream team. We had Eminem welcoming Barry Barry Ro to the stage while he appeared at a Kamala Harris rally in Detroit, Michigan. I believe this was yesterday. And we can just take a listen to how that went down. I think Vice President Harris supports a future for this country where these freedoms and many others will be protected and upheld. And here to tell you much more about that, president Obama, Barry Ro You know, I, I have done a lot of rallies So I don't usually get nervous, but I was feeling some kinda way following Eminem.


Now I notice my palms are sweaty knees, weak arms are heavy. But on the sweater already, mom's spaghetti. I'm nervous but on the surface, on the calm and ready to drop palms. But I keep spaghetti it. Alright, I'm with him, I'm with him. That's it. Said he got a president rapping clearly he is black. I'm with him. I don't know about you guys. Sign me up. Sorry. Trump, don't care about anything happening with the economy. I'm black and I heard a rap. That's all it takes. We're back. We're so back. We are so back black men.


Did you hear 'em? The flow? It was crazy. It was crazy. You better, you guys know what to do. You know what to do. Two weeks away from the election you go be black and vote for whoever can drop the most bars and brothers. Brothers, you gotta go out there and do what you gotta do.


Alright, Right guys. Well, today's economic environment is stressful for a lot of us. But with the Fed finally dropping interest rates, there was no better time than now to put you and your family in a better financial position. If you're a homeowner, fin American Financing is helping thousands of families just like you get out of underneath all of that credit card debt by tapping into their home's. Equity line American Finance is saving their borrowers an average of $800 a month. $800 a month is like a $10,000 a raise at work annually. And it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. They're closing someone as little as 10 days. And If you start today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. There is no better time in now to turn your situation around. So call today, the number is (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or if visit American Financing dot net slash owens, it's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Ladies and gentlemen, If you are watching this on YouTube, hit the subscribe button. If you have been liking this series, i i it, it has been a horror show. It has been an American Horror Show series and it's not, it's not fiction like everything we're uncovering is just a fact. It's every, the only thing that's fiction is kamala's entire life. This entire book is what's fiction and us just going through it and destroying it is a fact. If you wanna support us, you can head to locals.com and give what you can monthly. Obviously we are not funded by YouTube. We got hit pretty hard very quickly, all in one day demonetized. But we're okay with it because we appreciate the freedom to say what we think and do not wanna be slaves to YouTube or Kamala ancestors. I don't wanna be a slave to kamala's ancestors and have to lie about her and pretend that she's black.


I don't wanna do it. I really just do not wanna do it. All Right guys, very quickly, we are going to now jump over to Rumble and read some comments. I hope you enjoyed this episode. Again, hit subscribe wherever you are, rumble YouTube and we will see you over there. All right, let's get ready to rumble. Sarah, I love that. Sarah, you are always in the comment section. We see you. Just so you know, I don't know who you are, but I feel like I know who you are. Sarah writes, CANDACE, the world owes you again. You expose the lies. I'm having so much fun. I am totally obsessed with this. It's just, it's crazy. It, it really is like real life Dateline, like a political dateline I think is what's happening here.


Claudia Supermom writes, I'm a proud student of the Candace College of Real history. Quick, unrelated question, do you still take Silver Hydril? I started taking it after I heard it on your show. Catholic Gang Gang, okay. Catholic gang gang. I actually take colloidal silver. I think that's what you're referring to. And yes, I absolutely do. I just take a spoonful every morning and had an amazing situation happen last week when doctor, my hunt son had a red pink eye, a red eye, and they were like, oh, we might have give antibiotics. And I was like, no, I don't do antibiotics. I told the person that was washing just dump 'cause I was in Japan dump coital silver in his eye and it cleared up in literally 15 minutes. She, she was like, this is a miracle. I can't even believe this. They were gonna put on my antibiotics and we gave him colloidal silver.


But let me save that for a shot in the dark day to talk more about that Alaska dog. Lady writes, I agree that no one is as unstoppable as a black woman in action. Sit back and watch Candace. Yes, that was the NAACP's opening. And it is true. I cannot be stopped now. I cannot be stopped. And I just, the more I look into it, it I'm just going, what is going on? This is so not allowed. And yet the media is allowing it. Like what is happening? They should be so ashamed of themselves. Like what, who is just instructing them? I guess it's the states, the government. It's the ccia. Just like, just pretend it's not happening. We see her episode views every day. But just keep on plugging and drop a drop a wrap with Eminem and no one will notice that we've lied about virtually everything.


Alaska Dog lady also writes us Snap, the Dems got me back when they bumped that Slim Shady at the intro of Barry Tutorial. Yeah, I know I'm back. I'm, I'm so dem it hurts now. 'cause like who else could do that? Who else could just drop freestyles and flow like that other than our Indonesian boy Barry? Maya Miranda writes, the YSL trial is a disaster. 51 Mistrial motions today. Recused Judge and Fannie Willis'. Blatant corruption. She's targeting YSL and Trump. You're the only one who can expose FTE County corruption. I know there's so much going on and this racketeering trial is something that I should be looking into. It is just very hard because I am suffering from a, an obsession with Kamala's lies.


I, I I, I listen, I I promise I'm gonna step outside of myself tomorrow and cover some other stuff. 'cause there's, there's also the brothers that they wanna reverse their, their criminal prosecution. What are they? The Menendez brothers. I think I'm saying their name wrong. Who cares? You're rights. I, there is other stuff that needs to be covered and I am the person for the job, but I can't get over Kamala right now. Lastly, we have Aaliyah, Aaliyah, wi Lynn Wrights. This may be a dumb question, but I would love to learn how to do that type of research on my own. How do you even acquire these documents? I love the work you do. Candace, you are amazing. I honestly have always been really good at researching and a lot of it's intuition and instinct like as you saw say, taking you through it. I had just, that was, that was the process.


Like I was just rereading his piece and going, there are clues here and if my theory is right about him merging identities, we're actually looking for two different, two different irises. One that likely worked on the farm because a lot of times, and I just know this because like I actually come from descendants of slaves and my grandfather was a sharecropper a lot of times they took on the last names and the names of the people that owned them. And so you'll just see kind of the same names working on the farm. And so that was just a clue for me that this could be the circumstance if they're actually the sinister. And I do believe that Kamala Harris is the sinister. I know that communists are the sinister, they feel nothing when they lie. They, they really are just Satan's children.


Anyways, you guys, I have to run because I have a hit. But thank you guys so much. Oh wait, one more person who 1 2 3 B wrote thanks for the great information. Kenis, you are quite a woman and a mother. Viva Kristo Ray. Thank you guys so much and as I said, I have a hit to run to right now, but we will definitely be back tomorrow and I will keep looking into the correct Iris Allen, we'll see you guys then.