
Alright, Happy, Friday, ladies and gentlemen, but especially to men because today is for you. I wanna tell you guys why you absolutely must stop watching pornography because it is so obviously a weapon of mass destruction, spiritual destruction and blackmail, a tool for blackmail. So we have more coming out about Diddy Kim Porter. People have long held suspicion that he may be killed her plus some videos that are surfacing of Justin Bieber at a Diddy party. And they are horrific. I'm talking truly and utterly horrific. Plus and appropriately, or rather inappropriately. RFK Jr is in the news for having carried on a sexting affair with a reporter at New York Magazine.


And we have the Republican Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina, Mark Robinson, who has been unmasked as a frequent commenter on a porn website dating back to 2012. So lots to discuss. That's what we have coming up today on Candace. All right, so here's my conspiracy theory. Like, you know, another one, I think porn websites have been in purposefully created at as tools of entrapment. Like I think they are creating an entire log of who everybody is in the event that somebody becomes powerful in their life, then they have all of these porn websites that you visited.


I, I truly think this, especially people who think they're data is safe and they're constantly online. You can see how these websites like PornHub are encouraging people to look at more frequent and also more disturbing types of porn. Like essentially they exist to pervert your tastes. And then I think people become more and more perverted. They hit weird links and then the background, you have people that are collecting that data so that If, you ever make it in life, they can go, oh, but we caught you looking at this kind of porn. Now we control you no matter what you think. I think we can all acknowledge now that pornography is a weapon of mass spiritual and political control.


I don't care. Everyone got mad at me when I said months ago, ban porn. It's what I believe it should be banned. And I believe that because I've looked into the history of it. Here's the reality. You can quite literally become a slave to your sin. A man has as many masters as he has vices. By the way, I wish I could take credit for that expression, but that actually came from St. Augustine in his book, city of God, he wrote, quote, A good man though a slave is free, but a wicked man though a king is a slave for, he serves as many masters as he has vices. Think about that If. you have a vice and you think you're in control of that vice. You're really not. That vice is actually in control of you.


And that is mentioned. St. Augustin's words is mentioned in this book that I'm holding. I, I think it's required reading for all men. It really looks into the history of pornography in our society. That's a book by Catholic author Dr. E Michael Jones. And it's entitled Libido Doe Sexual Liberation and Political Control. As I said, he traces how we arrived at this incredibly pornographic society that we live in today. I mean, do you even recognize everything is soft core porn? If you're on Instagram, if you're watching a woman and she's selling a Gucci bag for whatever reason, she has to be naked. Have you ever asked yourself why? Why must she be naked in order to sell me this Gucci bag? Why must she have her boobs out in order to tell me to buy this perfume?


And then If, you explore your own mentality and you are one of the people that's going, oh my gosh, can't talk. Could you say this about pornography If? you had that instant reaction. Let me ask you this question. Who taught you that watching porn was a sign of freedom? Who taught you that nudity and pornography were expressions of freedom, thinking about women and feminism and they've got their boobs out when they're protesting. Who taught them that that was an expression of freedom? Really pause and think. When I paused and I thought about that, I went back to my high school health class and I remember quite literally learning as in it was like an answer to a test that watching a little bit of pornography was healthy.


I'm not kidding. We learned this in school that watching a little bit of pornography is healthy. I can't even imagine what the kids are learning today. It's a, it's a tool for education as if that's supposed to be the natural way that men and women and come together to have sex. Well, this book by E Michael Jones offers the even darker history. And of course it somehow brings us right back to the very perverted psychoanalytic community. The people who love Freud. Obviously we're talking about sexualized children. If you're a person that believes Freud was a father of modern psychology, then you should ask a lot of questions about what modern psychology is and what its aims are. And I wanna tell you guys this, you have not been liberated sexually.


When you look around, you see everybody and they got their boobs out and girls that are selling their bodies on the internet and women that are convinced that they're models women in reality, they are kind of just prostitutes selling their bodies to make money and convinced that they're somehow more glamorous because they're doing it within the pages of vogue. Yeah, all of those people have been intentionally enslaved by pornography. But the question is to what end? What I told you, I think powerful people are being blackmailed and I think they're being black males all over the world. And I'm talking from royals to basketball and football players, to singers, to politicians, to bankers. You name it. Because pleasure is now the drug. Lust is the tool for domination, exactly what this book is about.


And there has been no greater example of that recently than the Diddy case, which follows another explosive development yesterday. Now let me tell you, it's been long suspected since it happened since, since she died in, I would say rather mysterious circumstances, that Diddy had something to do with the death of his ex-partner and the mother to his children, a woman named Kim Porter. Now what happened was she mysteriously died of pneumonia at the age of 47. Not the typical way that a 47-year-old goes out, especially just when they are about to publish a tell all book on their very famous ex.


Did he? But that's what happened to Kim. She died of pneumonia at the age of 47 years old. Well guess what? It was just announced yesterday that Kim's Porter's book is being published. It's a 60 page book entitled Kim's Lost Words. It claims to be a collection of the Diaries of Kim Porter, the Mother of Diddy's children. And it was leaked by her friends. Now the person who's publishing is saying that he received a thumbnail from one of the friends who was very scared and it is heavily implied. They believed that Diddy had something to do with her death. In the book. Porter allegedly recounts discovering and making copies of the sex tapes that Diddy made of himself having sex with young boys that he was managing, including an alleged tape involving an 18-year-old pop star who went on to become a household name.


Porter alleges that she, when she discovered those videotapes of Sean and his sexual encounters in the bedroom in this vault, she made copies of them as protection for herself. Realized that this is a very dangerous situation. I'm gonna make copies for protection for myself and included it as a part of her plan to leave him. But the memoir says that when she watched back the tapes, she was so shocked because there were things, quote, some of the tapes had things I would have never expected. The gay parties are one thing, but the young boys like the two hiphop stars formerly managed by Diddy and the then 18-year-old pop star, I would have never known the book publisher is claiming that.


It was the friends that gave him this thumbnail. The friends that provided this memoir, the friends also provided copies of these alleged sex tapes so that he knew that it was legitimate. And the final entry of the memoir from Kim Porter before she mysteriously got pneumonia and didn't survive it as a 47-year-old is her dramatically telling her friends he got me and then calling 9 1 1. So this is getting very interesting and what has come on the heels of this is people unearthing videos of Justin Bieber, Justin Bieber at Diddy parties. Now Justin Bieber was obviously extremely young when he entered the industry.


Extremely innocent when he entered the industry. An industry that he did not quite understand as a boy who just knew how to sing and play the guitar and just did both of those things on YouTube. And then he was scooped up and suddenly he was a part of people like Diddy going after him and saying, Hey man, why don't you pick up my phone calls? There's actually a video of that Diddy and Justin Bieber looks to be like 15 years old and said, well why aren't you picking up my phone calls? And he's like, oh, I I know you were trying to contact me through people and don don't have your number. And the next thing we know Justin is at Diddy's parties. And in this one video it looks like whatever Justin is doing, and I'm not going to show it out of just respect for the fact that I truly believe that Justin Bieber is a victim, but whatever he is doing in this video with Trey songs and Odell Beckham Jr looks highly suspicious.


I can show you a still from that video because I think the relevant part is Justin Bieber is not sober. He is, is clearly very heavily under the influence at this party. And If, you remember that lawsuit that the producer Rodney dropped against Diddy. He said that unbeknownst to all of these people, they were being drugged at Diddy's parties, that they were pouring out the liquor bottles and replacing it with other drugs. He kept speaking about this pink drug, this mix, this cocktail of cocaine and MDMA and that people that think they're just drinking vodka or just drinking water are actually all being drugged. And then once they're drugged, they do very vulnerable things.


It has long been suspected that the person that we are, people are now putting the dots together. And Kim Porter's allegations that Diddy had under his thumb was Justin Bieber. and that he may have done some inappropriate things with him. And what I will say is that this very much fits the narrative. you know, we saw tons of videos of Justin Bieber when he got together with Hailey. He was crying a lot, like a lot outside of churches. He was finding his way back to God. But he was having a lot of emotional breakdowns. And what I sensed from those public emotional breakdowns and only public obviously because the press was following him, was that he was coming to terms with the fact that he had been engaged in darkness unwillingly.


And Justin Bieber probably has a lot of shame about that. He probably feels shame First and foremost as a man, as a husband, and as someone who is has successfully created a new life for himself with his wife Haley Bieber And. so what I wanna say to Justin Bieber and to everybody that's following the situation, is that Justin Bieber is a victim. I was horrified when I saw this, not because of the idea that Justin Bieber would be engaged in these sorts of things at these parties, but because I understood that this was a kid who was intentionally targeted by Diddy as a video show, told that he wants to party with him, he makes it clear that Diddy is trying to contact him through people.


And then he finally subjects himself and agrees to give his number. And then we saw an entirely different Justin Bieber. We saw Justin Bieber who was always wearing sunglasses, who was partying, who was very obviously involved in drugs. He spoke at length about his addiction and Justin Bieber didn't do that to himself. like I said, Justin Bieber was in my view, a child victim. And as these videos are circulating on the internet, I want to make sure people remember that and give him the grace as someone who has somehow survived this, turned to family, turned to faith, and is still very much struggling with all of this. For people to give him the grace and the courage and the prayers to hopefully one day find with him himself the strength to speak out about what happened.


Anyways, it seems to be that it is all falling down in Hollywood. There are tons of people who should be called out, people who weren't young like Justin Bieber, people like LeBron James who has been outwardly speaking about how great Diddy parties are traveling around with Diddy. This person is supposed to be the king and waiting for the king to come out and to condemn this, to condemn what we all know now is a reality. They say that Diddy is on suicide watch, by the way, that is the latest update that he might kill himself because he is in this cell. I beg to differ, as I said, I believe that this was an operation that Diddy was not at the top of this operation and that they're going to be very careful in how they handle him because just like Kim Porter kept videos in order to protect herself, I am certain that Diddy similarly kept many videos of the record label executives that were allegedly involved in these parties as well as protection for himself.


We will continue to monitor that story, but I do encourage everybody to pray for Justin Bieber.


All Right. guys, we wanna take a a quick second here to remind you about Seven. Weeks Coffee. You're already drinking coffee and Seven Weeks Coffee is America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. Why are they called Seven Weeks Coffee? Well because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $500,000 for these centers and have saved over 5,000 lives by providing free ultrasounds and other resources to mothers that are in need. Now lemme tell you about their coffee 'cause I'm very, very particular about what I put into my body. It's mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown and low acid. It's also organically farmed So. it truly checks all the boxes exclusively. For my listeners If, you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace. You'll get up to 25% off your order. Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us. That's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace for up to 25% off your order.


All Right guys. So my unofficial correspondent Ian Carroll. you know, he's the guy that's on TikTok who does all of these deep dives, very fun account for you to be following. We'll definitely include him in the links in the description here. So back in 2018, you may not remember this, I certainly did not remember this until Ian Carol dug this up, but there was a shooting by a man named Jonathan Bode at the Trump National Doral Hotel in Miami. Okay? And this shooting is back in the news like I said because Ian Carol has dug it up. And I'm gonna tell you why this is now a very relevant shooting that happened in the past. But first I'm gonna let Ian jog your memory about what exactly took place that day.


Take a listen. This is from back in 2018 and it sped up and there's a couple places where the time stamped, time lapses. I won't show you the whole thing, but basically this guy, Jonathan oti walks in with a gun somewhere. He's got this, is it just time lapsed? He's got a giant American flag. He drapes it all across the counter. He's pulls down the chandelier. He said he shoots some rounds at the ceiling and then he basically just stands there and waits for police to come. He smashes some shit for apparently no reason, like just committing crimes for the sake of committing crimes apparently. And then he just stands around with a gun and now the cops are outside and he is like kind of giving up and surrendering, but maybe they're not realizing it or accepting it.


So then he pulls out a gun, starts shooting at them, doesn't hit any of them as far as I'm aware. He runs out of bullets or something. Not sure what happens exactly, but at a certain point he decides it's time to book it. Okay, so why is Ian digging up this old shooting? Well that man, Jonathan Bode had a very interesting interview with the police thereafter. And we were told at the time that he was just a mad man who was crazy 'cause he was saying some pretty insane things, at least relative to 2018. like I said, just at the time they were insane. He said that he was a sex slave to Diddy and his then girlfriend, Cassie Ventura, that he was their sex slave and he had to have sex with them and other people that he attended all of these drug field parties.


He then claimed that he was paid off by Diddy. And it's worth noting that Jonathan Bode used to be a porn actor and a male stripper. And he claimed in that interview that he settled with Diddy for $1.25 million. Now interestingly enough, NBC Miami investigators were able to determine some really rather suspicious financial facts about Jonathan Bode. Like the fact that when he divorced his wife back in 2014, he had a declared net worth of negative $1,800 and he was making just $2,000 a month as a self-employed fitness trainer. But less than a month after his divorce, he apparently fell into some money, a lot of money because he bought five properties over the course of a two month period for which he paid $765,000 cash cash.


So I wanna be clear? That's quite suspicious. Where was he getting all that money from? Maybe he was telling the truth about being paid off by Diddy. He also claimed that there was an assassination attempt that was being planned for Donald Trump. He spoke about the black Illuminati and there's more, okay, he claimed as he's speaking more about these Diddy parties and speaking about drugs, that there was a quote unquote hiphop agenda. Take a listen carefully to what he says here. The hiphop agenda, an agenda to prove drugs lower in, they remove, you need to inform the DA they, they move all the dope.


Okay? All the dope on the private, shes don't get screened by, by by customs inside the United States, okay? They, they move what's called high grade power and DM A, they move cocaine and they move liquid cocaine in the bottles too. Okay? So they put the liquid cocaine in the bottles and they move. I seen the liquid cocaine I drank to myself having said Ian task, okay, it's not good. He drinks all the time what I call the Jiji liquid cocaine. So just to slow that down for you in case that audio wasn't clear for you, what he is saying is that the hip hop agenda is essentially to move drugs into the United States to use these hip hop stars to move drugs onto their private planes.


And those private planes are intentionally not checked by the border and custom control. and that they're moving things like liquid cocaine, which he says Diddy refers to as Tucci, which is cocaine mixed with MDMA. Now that's from 2018 when little Rod dropped his lawsuit against Diddy, he spoke about this pink cocaine, this liquid cocaine that they were replacing in all of the bottles that, so people were coming over like I just said in the monologue and were thinking they were having a regular drink at Diddy's house, but in reality they were being drugged and they're, you've got the MDMA effects plus cocaine that that's also been known that Tucci is, is mixed with other psycho stimulants.


So just imagine why it is perhaps that LeBron James says that Diddy has the absolute best parties. This guy was saying that then that our government is somehow involved in moving this stuff into America. Now why is that very easy to believe? Well, because our government has been involved in moving drugs for a very long time. Now I know there are people out there that really love to watch a good Netflix show and to believe that the DEA was established because we had to stomp out all of these Mexican cartels. But the reality is, is that we had to stomp out these cartels because we are the cartel, okay? We are the cartel. The most successful drug cartel in the entire world is right here in America because they partnered with the government.


Okay? You've got the, the drug makers that are partnered with the government that are partnered with the agencies and the only time that they go down to stomp out a drug dealer down in the south is really when that drug dealer is on their turf. So that's been a fact. We have known that the CIA has been involved in various drug running operations and So. it begs the question when you, when you put this all together and you think about the, there have been so many, by the way, so many rappers that have been caught with tons of drugs on their planes, is this a fed operation? And my instincts tell me absolutely this is a fed operation. It always has been a fed operation that Hollywood is creating false idols.


That gangster rap is a homosexual affair between the feds finding homosexuals in prison. So there's a direct prison music pipeline and cutting them deals to encourage them to make rap, which is filth, to get kids on the street, addicted to drugs, addicted to to gang banging and then to guarantee themself an influx of people that are in the prisons that they own. But I don't know, I'm a conspiracy theorist, but looking back at that man's tape and what he also said about Tupac and he is like, yeah, Tupac's alive, he's in Cuba. I think he said he like, they gave him a nose job and put him in Cuba. I don't know. But it's worth realizing that everything that he said that sounded crazy, too much of it has been fact checked true into the future.


Very bizarre. And I just encourage you guys to remember that Hollywood is demonic, okay? It is, it is created as a, the new Babylon and everything that they are doing is to try to encourage you to worship those celestial stars. They're getting you to believe that these people like Diddy and Jay-Z and whoever are so cool and admirable, when in reality in my view, they are all agents of the government. Which is why it is that they all have the exact same political opinion. Don't you find that weird? Like when I think about like Jay-Z and Beyonce, and these are more memes that are coming up as people are starting to prod this narrative around Diddy. I'm just like, how has there never been a time where Beyonce on any subject, I disagree with the government.


Like if there wasn't like on, on the trans stuff, like he, they couldn't be like, oh no, we really don't agree with that. Isn't that a little bit suspicious? Like everything and If, you don't believe that they are creating stars. Like quite literally, like choosing and, and getting people to be focused on following certain people. Do yourself a favor and walk into like Barnes and Noble, everything is Taylor Swift. When you sign up to Instagram, you are fed. Like here's the people that you should follow. Beyonce and Taylor Swift. Okay, your tastes are being set for you. That's all that I'm going to say. And I do believe that there is a, a very dark force that we are going to be learning a lot more about in the near future about how Hollywood has been working.


How it is has been working by the way, since the very beginning, since the dawn of Hollywood. It's always been dark


All Right. guys, I'm gonna take a brief moment here, but before we get into this next story to tell you about Field of Greens, medical tests can reveal your body's biological age, which can show if you're aging prematurely better. Nutrition has been shown to reverse one's bio age. My hope of living longer and healthier is why I take field of greens. Field of greens is an organic superfood fruit and vegetable drink, unlike any other. It is serious nutrition. Listen to this Field of greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. That generally means better health. Each fruit and vegetable and field of greens was selected by doctors to support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. Only field of greens is backed by this better health promise. At your next physical or checkup, your doctor will notice your improved health or you'll get your money back. Join me in better health with 15% off and free shipping. Visit field of greens.com and use promo code CANDACE. That's promo code Candace at field of greens.com. Again, field of greens.com promo code Candace.


Okay, so Mark Robinson, very clear here. I am a fan of Mark Robinson. I've met him. He is energetic, he is kind and I just don't have any promise to Mark Robinson. I'm covering this because it's a news item and it's an important thing as we continue to, to discuss this idea of sexual liberation as a form of control. And I believe that the reason why they're indoctrinating, especially young boys who are, and I keep saying boys by the way, I know some girls are going, girls watch porn too. It's not the same because men are biologically wired, different And. so it's, that's not to suggest that women can't also have sex addiction or can't also become porn a addicts. What I'm simply saying is that men are literally wired where if they are seeing nudity everywhere, it is doing something to them more likely to do much more to them, much more damage to them than it would do to a woman I.


think we can all agree on that, right? And. so when I see these stories, I I know how intentional this is, that when people get into politics, suddenly people start digging up to see if they have old porn handles. And that's exactly What has happened here with Mark Robinson. So I guess 2012, what you're talking about 12 years ago, the CNN did an investigation. Who knows why they're doing this. Literally probably just plugging the names of people that they hate in to see if they can, if they can find something on them. And they produced a report, which it suggests that they are saying it is verified that Mark made a series of inflammatory comments on a porn, on a porn website, pardon, on a porn website board more than a decade ago, in which he referred to himself as a black Nazi and expressed support for reinstating slavery.


And despite the fact that he is, stands very strong against the trans lobby, they said that he left a note saying that he enjoyed watching trans porn. and that having reviewed these archived messages, found that he referred to himself as a perv. And he is completely denying, I should say, that he, he made these entries, they are standing by their reports and that this is his username. And they went deep into how, into how they were able to match him through a bunch of biographical details and shared email addresses. So here's what I'm gonna say. They obviously are feeling very confident in this report because if they were wrong here, they would be facing a major, major lawsuit, right?


And of course, no person is going to want to admit that they were making comments on a porn website 12 years ago. And I am bringing this again to your attention because I am telling men that this is the way forward. That this is not about your liberation, but they are collecting data on you. They are creating files on you. Because if one day you become, maybe you're just a guy, a chief at Goldman Sachs, maybe you're making some good money, maybe you become a singer who strikes it big like Justin Bieber. Maybe you become a lieutenant governor because you decide that you wanna run for office and you're really good at public speaking like Mark Robinson. This is a tool of control because that is what lust is about, right?


They're trying to get you to constantly live this life of lust, to enjoy these moments, to to abandon your rationale and to fully live within your body and to enjoy momentary pleasure. I mean, why do you think it is that MDMA is the drug of choice for Diddy, allegedly, when he's drugging all these people at parties, when they're filling up these bottles, they're, they're putting a mixture of cocaine and ecstasy, right? What, what is ecstasy? It's supposed to encourage you to, to constantly feel in the moment your logic and just feel, and I, I just hope that with all of these stories coming out, men are starting to wake up to that. That there is a weapon that is being used on you and that you do the due diligence, that you look into it, that you educate yourself about the history of pornography in this country and beyond it.


Way before we're talking about, you know, 16th, 17th century, when they started realizing that you could render a population weak by offering them nudity, that they realized that it, it, it removed people from their logical brain and made them much more impulsive. I do believe that our men are under spiritual attack and I know that that spiritual attack is intentional. And any man that is defending pornography or encouraging you to watch pornography is your enemy. That's what I want men to know. They are your enemy and what they seek to do is to weaken you. Let's go to the strip club. that is a desire to weaken you as a man, not to make you feel more like a man.


All, Right guys, I, as I said, Robinson has been denying that So, I'm going to park that aside and we'll allow that story to continue to develop. But I think it's an important one as is this next one regarding RFK Junior. I mean it really just men when it comes to this impulse, really realizing that no matter how high you climb, this is something that men deal with. So RFK Junior has been caught in a sexting scandal with Olivia Nazi. And I'll tell you, just going back, RFK Junior's love life has been a complete disaster. He is in fact married right now to an actress named Cheryl Hines. And he is been married to her for 10 years. You might recognize her from, from Kem your enthusiasm. They look quite happy. Olivia Nazi, on the other hand, is a 31-year-old political reporter who was engaged by the way to another journalist named Ryan Lizza.


So she was engaged and then she was sent to work on a profile piece for RFK Junior, which ended up being published at the end of last year. So 2023 November in New York magazine. She was working for New York magazine and RFK Junior claims that it was a hit piece. By the way, she referred to RFK Junior in the piece as a serial philander. This is where it's just gonna get ironic. So she publishes this piece, refers to him as a serial philander and she had interviewed him at his Californian home in Brentwood that he shares with his wife and their dogs. And she went on this hike with him and then come the new year pieces published in November, come the new year, it's, this is when people are reporting. She began this relationship with him and it was them just exchanging, i, I guess graphic text messages.


And. so she's now been placed on leave at New York Magazine. They're saying that they are, you know, embarrassed and that they don't like that they've lost trust with their readers. Also, her engagement has ended with Ryan Lizza. I can't imagine how embarrassing that is for him and his family. And when RFKA junior was asked about this, he's not denying it. He says the relationship was emotional and digital in nature, not physical. So lemme put that in perspective 'cause that's just a really, really ridiculous thing to say. It was emotional and digital in nature, not physical, as if that makes a difference. Let me put that into perspective of how compelled men are, right?


Compelled men are by the physical and the physical is being offered to them for free everywhere in society, right? And just in the way that women dress, the way they, what they put on their Instagram, it's like constantly this suggestive sex culture that we've created. RFK Jr was just running for president of the United States. We have mere weeks to go until the election. He of course has stepped down, but he's putting his weight behind Trump. Great. Thumbs up, you know, announced that he would be at, at the very least a part of his transition team. He was being floated for vice president before JD Vance was announced. He's got all of this going on and yet he still cannot control himself, right?


He still cannot control himself. He still cannot say, you know what, not right now. I'm not going to give into lust. that is how powerful of a force we are talking about. And If, you think again that this society that we live in that're offering you this lust because they want you to be free. You are a fool. It's to constantly enslave you. It's to constantly have blackmail for you on you in the background. You know, I have long thought that it, the relationship between RFK Jr and Rabbi Schmo is weird, okay? And I'm not alleging anything here. I wanna be clear, but that relationship is odd. I don't know what he could possibly have in common with a rabbi that sells butt plugs and shrieks and is so clearly a, a lunatic.


And my question is just If, you can't stop that. you know, If, you can't stop that just for a few months. Can we just make it to November 7th or whenever the election is November 5th or November 7th, don don't know. What does this say about the state of, of men today? Right? We are, we are suffering a crisis of weak men, but those men have been turned weak intentionally. And the only way that we are gonna turn that around is if men recognize pornography for what it is, which is a spiritual and a political weapon.


All Right guys, the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. Wages are flat, expenses are up and it is very hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing the credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today. You can call my friends in American Financing interest rates are coming down and are now in low fives. So if you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month, the rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If, you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens


All Right. guys, it is comment time. Going to read your comments. By the way, some of you guys pointed out to me that you can't super chat on YouTube anymore. Yeah, that is because they demonetize me. So, I can't even, you can't even give me money. But If, you do wanna super chat, I guess you can go to locals.com and you can give whatever you can to the show, which keeps us independent so that we don't have to cry when people try to financially terrorize me into having their opinions, sorry, built different. Not gonna say whatever you want me to say because you do monetize my accounts. But we are gonna cut over and we're going to read the super chats on don. Don't know if they're called Super Chats on Rumble. And we're gonna start now only answering questions on Rumble.


Really encouraging you guys. If you're watching us on YouTube to at least take the time to go into the comment section and, and hit the link, or I guess it's in the description section, the little box that's under, hit the description section and follow on Rumble just in case I get banned from YouTube one day so that you know exactly where you can find my content. We wanna continue to build somewhere else as we are still using this platform. All Right. guys, we're gonna cut the stream on YouTube and I'm now going to answer your comments on Rumble. All righty, what do we have here? Oh my gosh, I absolutely love this First comment from Lucky Mint writes, have you seen the clip of young Tupac going around?


Yes, I have seen the clip. Actually, we're gonna play it right now because I know what you're gonna say. I'm gonna say it before you say it, but let's watch it so everybody can say it together. This is Tupac. Most like my mom, because I'm arrogant, totally arrogant. I agree. I have to say it like at work, I, I can't hold a job. I I just quit my job today actually, because I wanted to come and do this and they wouldn't let me. And I felt like it was important and it was more important than serving pizza. And we had enough people, So I felt like since I'm an actor, they should understand, they should have let me do it, but they didn't. And then I had a cold, so they were making me work in a freezer and I'm, I'm really not one to be disrespected.


And I felt like that was disrespectful because I asked to go, you know, So I quit and he told me I couldn't quit. and that even made me hyper. I'm arrogant. So when he told me I couldn't quit and we had all these customers, I chose that time to jump on a soapbox, grab my leather jacket, light a cigarette in front of them, smoke and leave in the middle of a rush. So that was natural eye. That's arrogance at the top. That's what I think I most like my mother. And she likes it. She'll see it in me and know it. And we clash a lot because I'm arrogant. She's arrogant. And, and you should see us when we get in our little attitude moves. It's a lot of hand movements, okay?


It's a lot of hand movements and it kind of says that gangster rap was created, it never had anything to do with black culture. It was a bunch of homosexual men who were sought out by feds and given personas, turned into celebrities and told to make dark demonic music with the express purpose of destroying the black community. and that has been a tremendous success in creating a prison to hip hop pipeline. And yeah, that's just a lot of who hand movements for a gangster rapper. Next comment from, play it Out, yay said in 2022, the reason people like Diddy are coming at him is because they're being blackmailed.


And part of the deal is that they have to attack people who speak up like him. Shocking a go Candace. Yes, ye was right. That should be a a, a game don don't know board game every time. Yay. He says something wild. And then like you look back and you're like, oh my gosh. He definitely was telling us truth. He said that he told us that Diddy was a fed, that he took the deal. He was like in the clip, he goes, he was up in the club. Like it's true. Diddy, when he was with J-Lo years ago, started shooting in a club and allegedly Diddy took a deal and part of the deal was that Diddy had to control certain people that were in the industry. Yay was one of them. And when he started trying to control yay, yay just outwardly outed him as a Fed.


That's why I like Y 'cause at least we know he's not being controlled and he's not selling people virtual drugs via their music because he's being controlled by feds that insist it Klay. Klay C writes, just to stick it to YouTube. Thanks Candace, thank you so much. Yes. And like I said, we are not relying on YouTube. We're there because we want as many people to see our videos as possible. But we are always quietly building in the background. Mama Bear Steph writes, so glad people are bringing up Kim. Porter. Her death was always suspicious. She knew all of Diddy secrets. Thank you for standing up for the truth. God bless you and your beautiful family. Yes, it's also being alleged by the book publisher that currently there are still videos footage that are being shopped in Hollywood.


Like people are trying to get people to publish these sex tapes. So like I said, we are at the beginning of this thing, not the end of it. Sarah, the battle writes, by the way, Sarah, I love that you give every show. I really appreciate that. And I see that Sarah writes, Hollywood has a dark force attacking us. That's why God gave us you to fight back. That's very kind of you to say. I am one of many people and I consider myself a part of the collective with you guys that, you know, we're just kind of standing up. Finally, I feel like we are. And I, I felt very encouraged last week when they took me out and you guys just followed me wherever I was. Like it was kind of all of us saying to the establishment like, you don't get to decide what we listen to and what we learned and what we talk about anymore. And don don't know. I think that we should just be encouraged by one another all the time.


And you guys definitely inspire me. And this Sarah writes 7.3 K in growing Hope all YouTubers jump on here soon. Yes, we're gonna just kind of get people going and hopefully in the future of something happens, oh yeah, we're above 10,000 here on Rumble. We will be able to seamlessly move to Rumble and I. know that in other countries like France, the reason you guys don't have rumble is because of some weird laws. As we know Jit Macron is a man and she's probably strong arming that in the background. Given the fact that one of my YouTube videos that was removed was for saying the word satanic cult when me and Xavier Psar did our interview very suspicious. Too much truth for YouTube, as I said, quietly building in the background.


You guys, thank you so much for welcoming me back on YouTube this week. Thanks for supporting the show. If, you wanna support the show, you can go to locals.com. If, you can't right now. The best way to support is just via prayers and reminding you guys, If, you are a dude or even a woman. This book by e Michael Jones, libido Dom, excellent source of understanding the background of pornography. I have not actually finished this book yet. I'm taking it with me. I'm going overseas and hopefully I'll get it done in the next two weeks. But thank you guys so much from the bottom of my heart. We will see you next week.