
Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood? So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront for three months plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time, unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slow full turns@mintmobile.com.


Where to begin? Okay, well, I do not trust the government at all. Shocker, I'm Candace Owens. But how did I arrive at that conclusion that they government was lying to us about virtually everything? Well, it usually starts with just one thing. For me, it was vaccines. It was becoming vaccine injured and then becoming vaccine obsessed to understand how I had allowed a foreign substance into my body and knew nothing about that foreign substance and yet trusted the experts. And then, yeah, I came out of the other side realizing that virtually every vaccine, the story that we are told, this is really just a program of social engineering. They scare us into compliance. They lie about various things and they omit a ton of information.


And so then after that, I would say all things became plausible. Now, I listened to people who I once upon a time would've found to be very strange. Oh, that person's a conspiracy theorist. I would've said, and now I know who came up with that term conspiracy theorist. The government, the CIA did after JFK was shot by just one person, just random act of violence against a president. And then they paid via Operation Mockingbird, a bunch of journalists to lie about the narrative, to control the narrative. Yeah, So I, I, I'll have a lot of things I ask questions about. And I tend to try to find people who get equally as obsessed with a topic and present interesting theories.


Now, I'm sure you remember this event. Let's go back to 2014. There was an airline carrier, a Malaysia Airlines Flight three 70, MH three 70, which went missing. And then it was in the news, and then magically it was not in the news. And we never really got an answer to what happened to MH three 70. Well, the person I'm inviting on the show today has quite the theory. Some people might think that that theory is completely kooky. I don't. Not at all. And I'm going to allow him to explain it to you. Ashton Forbes, welcome to Candace. Thank You Candace Owens. I'm happy to be here. I'm super excited for this interview. All right. So I was just on X, yeah, scrolling through posts looking for different topics and I came across a very long post that you did.


And it was about MH three 70. And then in the back of my mind I went, oh my gosh. Yeah, what actually did happen to MH three 70? So If you could just remind people, because they're probably also equally as dusty on this narrative. What happened on that day, Mar? It's March 8th, 2014. How many passengers get on this plane that was supposed to be traveling from the Kuala lump par airport to Beijing in China? Yeah, There was 239 people. And I just want to first say that those people have families and I have the utmost respect for those families. In fact, I first started this investigation because those families deserve the truth.


And I think that anybody that would say, oh, you're hurting the families by looking into this, they should listen and look at how the families responded. After that plane disappeared, those families went on major news stations and they knew something was wrong with this plane and with the story they knew they weren't being told all the information that was out there. So this plane took off around 1642 UTC from Kuala Lumpur and it goes dark over the South China Sea. About 40 minutes later, the last communication that we were given publicly was just a mundane communication. Goodnight, Malaysian Airlines, 3 7 0. Now this is where the mystery really began because for several days that was all we knew.


This plane went dark somewhere over the South China Sea. Nobody really has any idea. And you can start to see, going back to your comment about conspiracies, that right away something wasn't right. It seemed like there might be a coverup at play because several days later they said, oh no, this plane actually didn't crash anywhere near the South China Sea or anything. It turned back over. Malaysia flew over the peninsula of Malaysia and it flew directly to Penang Airport and then it deviates again and they end up losing it on military radar. And then it takes a few days and around March 13th, five days after this plane disappears, unnamed US intelligence sources float to the media that this plane potentially went into the South Indian Ocean, which is really convenient.


That's like saying, oh, it just fell down a well somewhere and you know we're never gonna probably be able to find it. Went to the worst possible location. Now, it wasn't until two, about two and a half months later that finally they released these ERSA pings that say, this is what the US intelligence, you know, indicates that the plane went to the South Indian Ocean. Now, Just to slow this down, for people that don't even know what an IAT ping is, yeah, just describe to them what that satellite, what the satellite pings actually are. So the logic was they have these satellites in geostationary orbit and they are pinging the airliners all the time. And what was interesting is that this airplane was actually between two different satellites should have been pinging both of them.


But interestingly enough, it stopped pinging one of them before it took off and never pinged that satellite ever again. Why this is problematic is that we couldn't triangulate the position anymore. If you have multiple pings, you can triangulate the exact position of the plane. So these pings get released, but the company itself, and no government officials do any analysis on them, they leave it to bloggers on the internet to say, go figure out what you think happened. This is where something called the independent group gets formed. A bunch of people. Now, Just to be clear, who controls those? Those erset satellites? Yeah, who owns them so To speak? Yeah, so the company Erset actually has connections to US intelligence as well.


Of course they do, right? And If you look at some of the people that are like on their board, it's a bunch of admirals and generals and things like that from the United States government. So what the data basically, I've looked at the data myself. It's one of those things where, you know, basically no one ever looks at it. They just take everything they hear at face value without looking at the data. My job is in healthcare, is working with databases all the time. So a relational database is just a bunch of Excel spreadsheets that are kind of linked together. So when I looked at this data, this Excel spreadsheet of these pings, I started scrolling through it from the plane taking off and you get to the part where this plane was like they lost contact, you know, radar contact with it around 1840.


And the data just kind of stops. And the next 10 rows of data are like five hours of the plane flying into the South Indian Ocean. And I look at that, I go, how could anybody look at this and say that this looks normal? You've got hundreds of rows of data and you got tens rows of data. And what this would indicate is this location in the Nicobar Islands, they used these satellite pings to say, okay, this plane goes past Penang, it turns deviates, starts flying through the straits of Malac and the Inman Sea. And then it gets to this point in the Nicobar Islands and makes a sharp turn south into the South Indian ocean. That's some supposedly runs outta fuel and crashes down there is what they claim despite us never having, finding a debris field at all.


And what these, these independent group experts, so so to speak say, is that they look at these BTO offsets. So they're basically saying, what's the time between the satellite connecting to the airplane? How far is it away from the airplane? What was the interval of the, the message that was received? And they used this to create an arc. And they say, okay, well the plane must have been along this arc at some point. And this is how we found what they call the seventh arc in the South Indian Ocean, the last satellite P, what they don't tell you is that there were some rows on here that they couldn't make sense of. So they just kind of cut them out. And what we're gonna find from the videos that had reemerged on social media about a year ago that inspired me to investigate this is that there's coordinates in the video that's called satellite video airliner and UFOs.


And those coordinates are the Nicobar Islands. They're the location where this plane supposedly turned into the South Indian Ocean. So as an investigator, you look at this case and you say you've got your first point in the South China Sea where this plane goes dark. So something happened there and you've got your second point at the pen Penang airport, the closest airport to go to an emergency situation. The plane deviates and change direction and doesn't land there. And your third point is that point in the nick of our islands, where all of a sudden the plane's taking a sharp south turn into the South Indian Ocean. And you look at those three points and I go, okay, well what are the scenarios that make sense for what happened to this plane? The prevailing narrative right now is that this pilot went on some kind of suicide route or something like this, which to me makes no sense at all.


So they would say that, okay, well the first point, the pilot turned off somehow all the electronics in the plane made it untraceable, Right? Like all the transponder. Yeah, the transponder. And it's not even clear that that's actually possible. One of the first questions a New York Times reporter asked that one of the press conferences was, is it even possible to make a plane go dark like this? And the Minister of Transportation's response is, we'll have to look into that. You're like, this is, there's a plane missing here. And you're, you're being evasive about answering basic questions that that should just be obvious. The first question, that's what the New York Times respond reporter says. And the second point is Penang Airport. So this is where this narrative out there says, and you, you're not gonna believe this 'cause you shouldn't is that said he was saying goodbye to his hometown because apparently he grew up in Penang or something like that.


And you're like, well it's two in the morning, you're flying us suicide route or something and you're, you're flying over a town to say goodbye to. It makes no sense at all. And then the third point, that point in the Nicker Islands, they don't have any answer for, in fact, we know that there was actually five radars from at least three different countries, Thailand, India and Indonesia. There were all still in range after Malaysia supposedly lost contact with this plane off of radar. None of those countries have ever come forward about this. And Aaron Rogers actually was asked about me, he is a football player for people who don't know. And one of the things that he said which was true is that does it, there's some, like the engine companies should have data on this Rolls-Royce and Boeing and they should.


In fact, there was an article in the Wall Street Journal several days after the plane disappeared that was retracted later on. And Rolls-Royce has never made their data available. Rolls-Royce data, I've heard various metrics on this, but some say that that data could be pinging back to Rolls Royce from the engine like every 15 seconds, which would indicate there's no chance they don't know what happened to the plane. So you've got all this information that's just never made publicly available and it should beg the question for people like what is going on here? The biggest thing though is what is the US government hiding? The United States government has something called siber, space-based infrared system.


Some people may have heard about it, some podcasters have actually brought this system up. It's built by Lockheed Martin. We use constellations of satellites now it's not like enemy of the state in the nineties with Will Smith and Gene Hackman where you're just looking down through a satellite anymore. We actually only have five optical tele satellites left in outer space. All the rest are radar and infrared. And they, we have this constellation of satellites constantly scanning the entire globe and they're beaming that information to ground-based computers. It's not just real time. You can, You know, just like when we flew past Pluto with our, you know, the satellite we sent out there and we built this image of Pluto, you can do the same thing with planet Earth but in real time.


So presumably we have like real time coverage of the entire planet. And you're telling me that a Boeing seven seven, this plane is the size of a city block holds 300 people crashed somewhere in the ocean and didn't leave a debris field that we couldn't see on a satellite or China or Russia or any of the other countries that have. So it nobody saw it anywhere. But there's more than that. We also have something called sosus, the sound surveillance system, which is a Navy system that's been around since like the forties or fifties. This is the one that heard that, that Titan sub pop that was a sub satanic. Yeah. Yeah, that was a big giveaway because what happened, all the news stations had these oxygen counters going down.


They've got 48 hours of oxygen left or whatever. The Navy knew that sub imploded for five days and they never said anything. And then after it turned out that they, we found out that it imploded, they came out and admitted, yes it imploded. And the thing that was really kind of revealing to me is how quickly the Navy went down and found the parts like they had triangulated the exact location of that sub and that's a tiny little submersible. So if they could detect that, how could they not detect a Boeing seven seven crashing into the ocean? There was even this Cardiff University scientific paper that was just released in May of this year and they looked at these acoustic detectors.


This is not the so system but just acoustic detectors. One in Diego Garcia military base in the Maldives and another one off the coast of Western Australia. These are not quite, you know, the crash site supposedly seventh arc is somewhere in between these two locations. They didn't find any acoustic detections for the whole duration of the flight path that were consistent with a plane hitting the ocean. Even a slow descent. They found one from one acoustic detector that was about a half an hour to an hour after the plane would've already ran out fuel. So it doesn't really make any sense there. And they also showed the math, they did a bunch, they looked at a bunch of other similar situations and they said there's no chance that we wouldn't have heard it if it had actually crashed down there.


And then the last piece of information regarding our surveillance capabilities is over the horizon radar. So a lot of people think of radar as like this line of sight type ranging and and detection system, but actually we have something called over the horizon radar which bounces off the ionosphere and can see and to detect aircraft missiles, et cetera for thousands of miles. So we have two of the most advanced military bases in the world. Diego Garcia, military base and pine gap in Australia there, both of which theoretically would be within range of the entire flight path of this plane. And you're telling me that none of these systems saw anything.


The last bit is there was two military exercises going on in that area next to Thailand. It's called Cobra Gold and cope tiger. The Cobra gold exercises had just ended and the cope tiger exercises were just about to begin. It was between Thailand, United States and Singapore. I believe China was actually a guest during that exercise that year as well. The cope tiger exercises, the theme was search and rescue that year as well. So presumably they would've had all the assets right there in that area. Most advanced assets. You're telling me a Boeing 7, 7, 7 flew past our military exercises and we just didn't see it at all. This doesn't make any sense. So we know the United States government beyond any shadow of a doubt must know what happened to this plane.


Do you wanna have a deeper prayer life? But Don know where to start? Well I get that And so does Hallow, which is why I'm excited to tell you about Hallows new prayer Challenge. How to pray Prayer can be such a daunting thing to undertake. Where do you start? What do you say? I remember when I was first learning about Catholicism being in awe at how many different practices there are when it comes to prayer. But it does not need to be overwhelming. Hall's. New prayer challenge will take you through short daily sessions over the next two weeks with an all star lineup of spiritual leaders and guests giving you all of the essentials to creating a rich prayer life. They'll teach you how to pray through scripture, how to do imaginative prayer, how to incorporate prayers that have been around for centuries And so much more. You'll get a new guide every day. And some of the guides include Father Mike Schmitz, Jonathan Rumi who placed Jesus in the Chosen and Mark Wahlberg plus many others. The only way that we can get through these crazy times is by setting first things first, which is why getting closer to God and prayer is the best way to do that. So download the Hallow app for three months free at Hallow dot com slash Candace. That's Hallow dot com slash Candace.


So when this happened back in 2014, I was not as awake as I am now. I was not awake at all actually. I was fully asleep. And it's interesting because what you're describing, I now realize that they, they have been engaging in this for a very long time. It is the government that engages in disinformation. So what they try to do is when something happens and people are confused about it, they put out so many possible theories. I mean you're talking like a game of clue or I guess people in the UK would call it a game of cludo and it's essentially the Butler did it in the pantry just and, and then you're like, oh well I read here in the New York Times that they think that it could have like the, the pilot was a drunk and got into a fight and wanted to just fly over and say goodbye. Well I read here over here in the Wall Street Journal that what actually happened was it ran out of, well I read here that it was on fire.


So there's actually so much information that is intentionally put out there to confuse people that they can't actually get to truth, but they're sure that they're getting closer to truth by consuming all of this because it's coming from the experts, it's coming from sources. And once you understand that, that is their repeat pattern, which is basically to flood the zone with so much information. But there's actually no information. And I do agree the most ridiculous one for me was this CI pilot on like a murder suicide mission. First off, just talking about mental, mental stability. Like pilots tend to be like the most mentally stable people. Yeah. And there was absolutely nothing to back up their claims. It sounded like such an exercise to just dis inform the public and say, oh we, I think years later they said, well they never told us.


But when they went to go look through his house, they saw that he had mapped out, he had mapped out geographically the exact route they took. Why would he have to do that? He's a pilot, he doesn't have to map out, he knows to do that like while he's in the plane. And so when I look back on it now, I'm like wow, it is it, it just follows that standard pattern of a classic military intelligence operation coverup. And I want to allow people right now to watch these two videos that I'm gonna show them these videos actually first we're gonna watch the, the video that's not thermal, which was how many years later did it come into the public sphere?


Yeah, so the, the satellite video was the first video to get published. The satellite video was published May 19th, 2014. So this is 70 days after the plane disappears. But in the description of the video, and this was from a ed a non YouTube account that was the name of the YouTuber ed, a non, some obscure YouTube account with a dozen followers or something like that. This video actually the description says received March 12th, 2014. That's four days after the plane disappeared. It says source protected. And this was a YouTube account that was somehow associated with the UFO phenomenon. We've seen there are other videos they have on there, nothing, anything remotely similar to this.


So we don't know exactly what their source was when we dug through it. It seems like there might have been like a forum that's like Spanish based that maybe somehow these videos got on there and people started posting them 'cause this was just the first person to post 'em. Other people ended up posting them later on. So this right away starts to build this timeframe for okay, you've got a very small window of opportunity to make this video. And when people look at this satellite video, a lot of people first of all can't even tell what direction you're looking. People go, well where's outer space? And you're going, no, you're looking down. You're not looking up. So it goes to show this is why the United States government protects surveillance capabilities.


So, so well because if we find out about surveillance capabilities then we can feed through some of that disinformation and we can figure out, oh wait, no we absolutely must know about a plane disappearing and you can apply it to other world events that go on as well. And So it makes it much harder for them to misinform the public that's out there. But again, the strongest evidence on the satellite video is the coordinates. It's got these coordinates in the bottom left and Newsweek actually published a fake debunk two days after these videos got popular on August 9th, 2023. These videos got popular on August 7th of last year. In 20 23, 2 days later, Newsweek all of a sudden post this debunk and it's just a copy and paste like an AI took it from another article that was out there.


The only factual claim in there was that in those coordinates it said NROL 33, which is a national reconnaissance office launch of of satellites. The problem was that the NRL 33 was launched in like 2015 or late 2014. So after the videos were out there. So they said, oh it must be fake. But If you just look at the coordinates, you can realize it doesn't say NL 33. It says NL 22, NL 22 is SA 180 4. This satellite was launched in 2006 and it was the first satellite launch of the siber system space, space infrared system that I was out there. To me that's quite the coincidence for someone to put that down there.


It turns out on these constellations of satellites they use relay satellites because not all satellites are within range of the ground-based systems that they need. And N RL 22 USA 180 4 has a millennial orbit. So it takes this oblong orbit, which seems like it's, I think they call Midear orbit satellites. It's a good candidate to be a relay satellite because it spends a lot of its time above North Pole, which is, it's in angle of view of many other satellites that are out there. And the coordinates initially we weren't sure like, like you, I only woke up, you know in the last let's say four to eight years. I was someone who I call CNN brain type person who just believed whatever the TV told you.


And So I thought well this plane must have crashed in the South Indian Ocean. 'cause that's what all the narratives were down there. So when you looked at the coordinates, If you had added a minus sign in front of the north south coordinate it actually put the plane in the South Indian ocean somewhere. And I thought, okay, even though it was like hard to explain why there might be a minus sign like just cut off that you couldn't see, I thought this must be what it is. But when we actually graft the coordinate shifts, because you have this perspective shift on this satellite video, we realized there's no possible way for it to have a minus sign of there. Because If you graft it, either it must be going south into the east or north into the east. And if you're going north into the east, you're turning to the right, if you're going south into the east, you're turning to the left.


Well we have two videos that BOLs show a plane turn into its left. That means this must be, there's no minus sign. That must be the nick of our islands. It's within a hundred miles where a real life witness saw the plane that she's just been discredited as well. At the same time that the day the plane was lost, they said that the plane was lost at or subang air traffic control, lost contact with the plane at 1840 UTC. That's the same time the witness saw the plane. That's the same time the plane would've been in this area where this video's filming it. So you look at it, you go, okay, for me, I've already got enough evidence that like I need the US government to say something about these videos, but there's more Dan, Let, let, let's show, let's show that first video right now.


So this is one of these exercises that I, I say to people what the mainstream media and the intelligence agencies are now instructing us not to believe your own eyes. So I know you just saw and you're going, wait a minute, what just happened? I was following this and then suddenly it's gone. And so your brain is coming online and you're going, wasn't I trained by the mainstream media not to believe my own knives? Some somebody will explain to me, oh this is a fake video, something's wrong with it. And I do also wanna show you guys this alongside the, the thermal image of the, of this happening as well. Where did we get this? The, the thermal image was this created after the fact? Same account. So same exact account about two weeks.


So it actually, on the thermal video it said the first video is just called satellite video airliner and, and UFOs, it doesn't say anything about MH 3 7 0. But we dug through the metadata and there's a tag in the metadata for MH 3 7 0. The second video says it's like UAV drone video and then the description says alternate angle from previous video. It says receive June 5th, 2014 published June 12th, 2014. So this was, you know, two to three weeks after that first video. And now you start to build like a story in terms of okay this first video comes out and if this is a real video, someone's leaked this. They want people to pick it up, nobody picks it up.


And then all of a sudden boom, now we've got a second video from a predator drone from a completely different angle than the first one. And so when people ask like what would it take for you to be convinced that something's real? It's like well I want two different videos from, you know, different angles from high quality sources, military sources and you know what, put one of them in infrared and the other one in a thermal And make sure they line up the time lines up and yeah line Up perfectly. And they do and they in sync. We've dug through it. Can't find any discrepancy. Not even in the movement of the orbs or on the plane. Nothing at all out there. And going back real quick to the satellite video, probably the other most compelling piece is you see this cursor, mouse cursor come off the top right of the screen because if this is a real video that's a recording of someone's computer and they're on a much bigger field of view.


So you're, you can tell 'cause this mouse comes off the top of the side of the screen and they probably just hit start record and the mouse comes on the screen and you can actually tell the mouse stays still when the perspective shifts and people looked at the mouse and the background of that satellite video is six frames per second. It's kind of like slowly jerky a little bit. You can kind of tell with your eyes but the cursor is actually 24 frames per second and people pieced out together right away that this is consistent with a Citrix session, a remote terminal session. So for people that aren't familiar with working at big companies and potentially the government, a lot of the data is being stored in databases that are remotely hosted. So what you do, you log in to that database to that server and you access the the data on that computer server.


And when you do that, almost everybody I know uses Citrix. So now if these videos are fake, someone is like knows how our systems are set up out there and they Get it very quickly And very, very quickly. Or somebody saw these videos just like the people watching this right now and kind of freaked out and went wait what? And they were like, the world has to know because no one's gonna figure this out without seeing these videos. But they're not trying to end up like Edward Snowden having to learn Russia Russian. Yes. And because they've revealed some sort of a government secret so they just put it onto the internet and let the internet do what the internet does. And I think that to your point about the CIA disinformation stuff as well, they probably didn't even realize how much control the government has over the media.


You know like to Project Mockingbird for example, I absolutely believe that the government controls the perception of the media of course strongly. And they probably just thought they would end up being like a hero or something or that the media would pick up on this. But of course the government was never gonna let that happen. So these videos got no traction anywhere. And most people, even myself in 2014, I remember seeing the drone video, you can tell it's a drone because you can see the drone's nose in the video and these drones actually have these slots that are customizable on the wings where you can pull out, you can put a hellfire missile on there, whatever you can put a camera on there. We've found the drones that have cameras in that exact location as well, like an MQ one C Great Eagle is is one of those.


So they might have thought that the media was gonna pick up on this and then they never did. Of Course the media's job is to not to pick up on that specifically. And the world had no idea. Like I looked at that drone video and I had just didn't know what I was looking at in 2014 'cause I followed this case back then as just, you know, an independent citizen and civilian and thought well that's a weird video. And this was before the DOD Navy released those, those UFO videos and declassified them and even that. So before that I didn't even know we used like forward-looking infrared flir. So I had no idea of even the basis of our technology capabilities from surveillance perspective. But now in 2023 when I first, when I saw those videos again I went whoa, I remember seeing this.


And for me it was when I saw that second video and I went okay, this is bizarre. And then when I saw the Citrix session evidence, I went okay this is like way too much. And I asked the question instead of everybody else saying this must be fake, this is stupid, blah blah blah. I said, what would it take for this video to be real? And that's when I started investigating the stories that we had been told, the evidence that's out there, the witnesses. And just as a summary, like I've accumulated so much evidence around the real situation around this plane that the only way anyone could convince me these videos are not real is either this hoaxer supposedly that made them would have to come forward.


Which You have offered money. Yeah, we had $150,000 bounty. So and this was, this was real money. Like we had kim.com threw up a hundred thousand. Chad and Sherry, the Investigate Earth podcast who I've become very good friends with over just talking about this stuff on many of their podcasts. They threw up another 20,000. And then I had a wealthy supporter that had run for higher office that had actually run for congress in the past that texted me, it was like I'll throw another 25,000 in. And I was like well I'll throw 5,000 just around it out. So for months we had this out there and there's a lot of disinformation about that where people say, oh well it's to prove the videos are fake. But it was, I mean I need proof and the only way to get proof is you need the hoaxer to come forward.


Yeah. With here's the work that I did 'cause It's not a crime. I mean you can just be like, yeah hoaxed you I did, I did a good job but I'm taking 150 K, You know, maybe a Disney will pick you up or some major F Yeah he was pretty, look at that, look at that work. You know, I get you Think about this psychological profile of the hoaxer doesn't really make much sense either. But nobody ended up coming forward. In fact it started to draw like people trying to just like lie about it as well. So after several months I realized no one's gonna ever come forward. We, we ended up taking the bounty down 'cause people were trying to scam me and do all this other stuff 'cause people are just horrible honestly. But yeah, you would take the hoaxer to come forward with their source work 'cause you, If you made these, you're not deleting that off your hard drive, you're gonna save that forever or finding the plane.


But even finding the plane at this point, like that plane better be like fully intact with like 239 bodies on it at the bottom of the ocean somewhere with 10 years of decay on it. Right? Because where is this plane? Like how does the plane even hit the ocean without breaking into a million pieces Before we get to your theory. Yeah. Which is the only thing that makes sense if I believe my own eyes the debris did turn up years later. Speak about that. Speak about that. Absolutely. Or some, a very small piece of the plane. Let me address The, the arguments and the claims that people make that I think people are, are well known about is that first of all, this pilot suicide, I called the pilot suicide myth because there is really no physical evidence for the pilot suicide scenario.


If you were to crash a plane like the German wings guy did in 2015, he locked the copilot out and he crashed a plane in under 10 minutes. I, I went and looked it up because people were trying to compare the two scenarios. He didn't go on an eight hour joy ride. He certainly didn't fly to the nearest airport to land a Boeing 7, 7, 7. The narrative about there was all this misinformation spread about the pilot saying that like he was into girl like some cheating on his wife or he had mental issues. They tried to claim he was a terrorist. Like all this stuff was fake. Florence Chen is probably the number one investigator that I respect related to MH 3 7 0. I've spoken to her several times. She actually got his medical records, his family released them to her and there was no red flags mentally he had nothing wrong whatsoever with him.


And then they start passing this simulator data that you were mentioning out around and they said, oh well the this me, this proves that he planned this route. But If you actually dug into the facts, it turned out from that simulator data was from February to second and February 3rd and it was actually MH 1 50 0 from Qual Lumpur to Jetta and he was scheduled to fly that route February 4th. So he was literally just practicing and I've got a graph or a image out there that shows like all those, the MH 1 50 0 routes and it's exactly the same as what they're saying was on this simulator data. And then they take one single point in the South Indian Ocean, they just connect it together and claim, oh that's, that's the route.


Even though it doesn't match at all the real route of the mh what 3 7 0 2. But You know what it does do, it bars everybody else out because the majority of people who don't understand that Yeah. Are not gonna dig that deeply. Exactly. So they just need something that how, okay, how do we button up this little mystery and feed that to the public and say, oh look, we figured it out actually we dug through his stuff and he was plotting out this route and he actually was a crazy person even though his wife says he was. And everyone, everyone around him says he wasn't. But we, we just need, we need our fall guy and we're picking the pilot and somehow he was able to do some James Bond type and chaing the transponder on a little joy ride waved goodbye to his hometown. I mean it sounds insane. Like the conspiracy is what they always sell you like that sounds, that is more insane than the concept of they're hiding something and your government is lying to you.


Exactly. And even If you don't wanna believe that videos are real, just because you can't believe that we have that kind technology, you have to believe that the government knows what really happened to this plane. There's just too much evidence for that. And you have to tell that, you have to be able to tell that there's some kind of obfuscation going on with regards to this whole situation. It stinks start to finish. So yeah, the, and yeah, like you said, his family, his coworkers, everybody ruled it out. The FBI even looked at the simulator data, they ruled it out, the officials ruled out the simulator data, but somehow this narrative keeps spreading. And so what people will say is, well the ocean is really big So it could have crashed basically anyway, but that's not true because remember we have these satellite pings, these satellite pings indicate the seventh arc is where this plane ran out of fuel.


So there, unless you think planes can fly without fuel, which maybe some people do out there, then that's as far as it can possibly go. And they searched up and down the entire seven or up and down the entire flight path to the seventh arc as well, including the largest, most expensive search in human history. They've done two above and below water searches there and they're planning a third in November. They never found a single thing. And then people say, well didn't they find some debris? Well again, this is one of those things where If you look into it all of a sudden it just makes no sense. Like the Netflix documentary, which I personally think was one of the worst documentaries I've ever seen in my entire life, just didn't even cover a fraction of the evidence that's out there.


They mentioned that this flapper on washes up in the reunion island. And I will give Jeff Wise a little bit of credit because he, he can't really see the full picture but he's held, he can tell that there's something wrong with certain pieces of evidence. And this flap on in the reunion island, this is near Africa, If you look at the actual like supposed crash site and you look at the debris drift analysis which was performed before they found any of the debris, all the debris should have washed up in western Australia. The currents down there flow to the east, you Can't change the direction of the currents as Far as I know we're not changing the ocean currents. And then you go and it says like even for that piece to get to the reunion island, it would take roughly two years.


Well they found it in just over one year. So right now just basic physics, basic mass says how did this get there? So what they do is they throw some boards in the ocean and they realize right away, no chance it's gonna make through United. In fact, I think they had it shown up in the Middle East somewhere based on their models. So they go ignore that, that that didn't happen. And they get a flapper on and they like, I think they tie down part of it so that it sticks outta the water a little bit and they go, I'm Sorry to ask dumb question, go for what is a flapper? A flapper on is a piece of the airplane. It's around seven to eight feet long. Okay? It's one of those the things that kind of moves up and down on the wing of the aircraft. Yes. That thing that literally flaps And for people say, oh this is a giant piece of the plane.


It's really not. Each one of those wings is a hundred feet long. So this is a seven eight foot piece of that. In fact, I looked it up recently, you don't even need a flapper on the fly and you don't need a flapper on the land either. So this doesn't even prove that a plane crashed like So. But they're saying that they did find this flapper on debris here off the coast of Africa. You're saying, okay, wait a second, the tides absolutely cannot. And even if the tides could, it would've taken two years for it to arrive here. Yeah. So the math is not matting as we say E. Exactly. And I, what I wanna tell people who are watching too is that I believe the debris they found is actually from MH 3 7 0. In fact, I think that the story that I put forth is one of the only stories that makes sense for that debris to be from MH 3 7 0 because I've got the plane going somewhere completely different than this South Indian ocean narrative that's going on.


But they also, when they saw this flapper on sticking outta the water like this, they went, oh, that that's enough. Because now we can argue that the wind was gonna blow on it. And so this is somehow how it defied the ocean currents to get through Union Island. The problem was there was barnacles on the piece that was sticking outta the water. Well how, how is that possible? How are barnacles forming out of the water on there? And then they looked at the growth of the barnacles and they found that the barnacles growth is only four months. Well, okay, but now it takes two years to get there, but you've only got four months of barnacles growth on it. And so they have to come up with all these convoluted reasons. Now the flapper on there was about, I don't know, let's say 10 to 20 pieces. That was by far the biggest piece. The rest are just tiny pieces like this.


There was a Rolls Royce engine cowling, which is the, the piece on the engine or whatever, it's got the big RR on it shows up in South Africa that's almost 3000 miles away from the crash site in about 18 months, somewhere like that. After the plane disappeared, literally impossible for it to flow that far. So the FLA on's actually the closest location. All the rest of this stuff was on like mainland Africa. And you look at that, you go, there's just absolutely no possible chance it could have crashed in that site. So the reason why then I ask people, show me on the map where you think this plane crashed is because If you don't think that the satellite pings are correct that this seventh arc is not where the plane ended, then you have to throw out the satellite pings.


Either they've been fabricated or misinterpreted or something. And remember I looked at those and I think anybody else should look at them themselves and realize it doesn't look right. You know, the way the data just, it's too sparse. And I even talked to some of these independent group experts and I asked, why does the data just like cut off right here at 1840 when this plane is in the nick of our islands? Nobody gave me a straight answer. They would just say it's normal, it's normal. I'm going, nothing about this situation is normal. Like this is extraordinary. So this is where like if the satellite pings are not correct, then If you look the totality of the evidence, it presents a completely different story of what happened to this plane.


And my approach has been, when I looked at this, I want to take all the evidence, none everything that was thrown out, dismissed project, and I wanted to look at it all totality. And I found that the only thing you have to throw out is the satellite pings after the nickel Bar islands. And you've got a comprehensive story that's got 20 witnesses, completely different event that people had actually speculated on the like PhD experts had speculated on et cetera that is also potentially consistent with the videos and consistent with where that debris showed up. Okay, so for my people who are not science minded, I want you to know that the reason that you're not science minded is because the government doesn't want you to be. That's the overwhelming majority of people in society who don't excel, especially in western society in math or science.


I believe there's a reason for that because it gives the people that do excel at it a tremendous amount of power over you. But you do still have two eyes. You did just watch that video. You think you saw something that was flying and then maybe what you might describe as UFOs, three of them surrounding it. And then suddenly everything seems to have disappeared. I'm now gonna introduce for you guys a video of somebody describing a technology which somebody theorized could have been produced. This guy theorized about it in 1990, and I guess we'll just call it Star Trek technology, take a, take a look at this video. The concept of war drive was first imagined by science fiction author John Campbell way back in 1931 in his novel Islands of Space.


However, it wasn't until 1990s that physicist Miguel Kubert proposed a real world method of achieving faster than light travel. This concept was based on the works of Kip Tho and his research on wormhole and time travel. However, while wormholes remain completely theoretical, the Acube Wap Drive is based on established laws of physics. So how does it work? The key to WA Drive is in fact in its name, according to Einstein's theory of relativity, space time can be wared by gravity. And that is the reason why planets and stars are attracted to each other. The Acube Vob drive takes this idea a step further by suggesting that instead of propelling the spaceship at the speed of light, we can w the space around the spaceship, thus connecting two distant points in space and covering the distance at normal speed.


The Acube Wob drive would work by creating a bubble of space time around the spacecraft. This bubble would contract the space in front of the spacecraft and expand the space behind it, thus allowing the spacecraft to ride a wave of space time. It's like surfing, but on a cosmic scale, allowing it to travel at a speed faster than light without actually breaking the cosmic limit. See, the spaceship isn't moving at the speed of light, but the space around it is. So that's an odd thing, But don't worry like, like I said, like it doesn't exist yet to theory that you could I guess ride a wave and something would just like move an object faster than the speed of light.


It's not like our government has any technology like that. Don't worry about it, don't worry about it. Keep learning about the social sciences at school. So that seems far out and yet it kind of is the only thing that could make sense. Now, before we get into that, let's just talk about what people actually say they saw that day. Because then If you go, okay, if this thing did actually happen, why would it happen? Why? Why wouldn't you just land the plane and not not have to send out the intelligence agencies and the Operation Mockingbird people to cover this event? Like if the government is involved, why? Yeah, great question.


And You know, I think you made a great point as well is that we've stopped believing what we see with our eyes, you know, and that is one of the things that's really blown me away is how easy it is for the government to lie to us and throw us off the scent for stuff, even when we have this massive amount of evidence. I remember when I was on with the confessionals with Tony Merkel, it was the first in person interview I did and I was still fresh in the case last year around September. And I was trying to figure out what's the, what's the overall story? Why did we cover this up? Is this a situation where there's some kind of espionage angle at play or is this some kind of UFO situation that's going on here? We've got these orbs circling around the plane. I knew enough about Star Trek and Alco Berry Drive to think like, hmm, like is that what's going on?


So I started digging into the case of it. So we've heard now the suicide narrative that's out there and that's generally the prevalent this narrative that doesn't get talked about a lot is The fire narrative. And I think The fire narrative has so much evidence that's almost undeniable. There was already a bunch of situations before Malaysian Airlines flight 3 7 0 where planes had burnt up and from lithium ion batteries in their cargo bay. And it turns out that Malaysian airlines, CEO, just didn't tell people that there was 500 pounds of dangerous lithium ion batteries in the cargo of this plane until March 20th, 2014. So this is two weeks after the plane disappeared.


Now why would they lie about that for so long? It turns out it missed two security screenings as well. Now I spoke to Billy Vincent, So I started Googling around saying MH 3 7 0 fire. And I started finding these experts that were talking about these news articles about it. One was Dr. Edel, he's in a Daily Beast article, you can read. He says what happened is perfectly consistent with a fire event. And Billy Vincent had speculated even before March 20th that this was a fire event. So I actually reached out to him recently and said, sir, could I talk to you about, well, how you knew that this plane had a fire event going on related to it. And he told me that he had looked into, or he was, he was former security director for the FAA back in like the eighties, maybe nineties.


And he said, well I looked at like UPS flight six and this was a flight that I think was either the UAE or Dubai somewhere over there and it was a cargo plane UPS and it was carried lithium ion batteries. And in that scenario the batteries ignited in the cargo smoke accumulated in the plane, it actually occluded the windows for the cockpit. And the pilot tried to put their gas mask on, they got outta their seat to grab their mask that was right behind them, passed out immediately. Because that's how dangerous the smoke is. Like just one to two inhalations and you're out. Wow. See, I've always wondered why they always ask you now, do you have any lithium batteries that you're yes.


That you're carrying in your luggage? So this is the reason why, because lithium ion has this, it's, it means it's obviously highly flammable. What's actually creating that? 'cause I don't understand it. What creates that environment that it makes it so dangerous for it to be Flown and yeah, this is where like when I started finding out the lithium batteries because I asked the same thing you do, first thing I said is like, oh, this is why they're asking me when I go mail a letter at the post office, like a letter. They're like, is there a lithium battery in here? I'm going, it's a letter. What are you talking about? Because they're so afraid that a plane's gonna burn up. Now what Mr. Vincent told me was that especially back in the early 2010s, and the manufacturers probably won't admit to this, but they used to have common defects were very common in these batteries.


Now lithium ion batteries are extremely dense with energy, which is why we use them in phones, computers, Tesla cars, scooters, everything that's out there. And they're prone to something called thermal runaway, which means that once they ignite and it's usually the two common causes are either they overheat or they have a defect in them. Like If you dent it, that will cause it to just boom and essentially start to ignite. And the problem is you can't get them out If you, even If you put it out temporarily, it just comes back up again. Oh, fascinating. Yeah. And so you have and That's what's in our phones. Yeah, this was in our phone now. I think they've probably improved them since then. But what I'll say is that the FAA, like If you look at the timeline on the FA a's website, they have a graph with these lithium ion battery incidents on them as well and we really didn't know much about them in the early 2010s.


Actually even now, 20 23, 20 22, the last two years they've accumulated data. There's over 70 incidents of lithium, lithium-ion batteries starting on fire in the passenger area of car of passenger planes every year. So that's like over one a week that these are happening. And this is a situation where just like people's phones are, are lighting up and then they throw 'em in this bag and they like pour water on them because there's no easy way to put them out. The Halon 1301 fire suppression devices that have in these airplanes can't keep them out. They just keep coming back up and up and up again. So you look at the scenario, this is exactly what happened with UPS flight Six, 500 pounds. Yeah. So this is, and two of these were we, we looked through everything, we looked at the cargo and we found out they were stacked up in the forward cargo bay.


Two pallets of them right next to the equipment, the main, the equipment bay, the electronics bay, which is where all your sensitive electronics are, and this was another reason why Mr. Vincent had thought that the fire would be the reason because in the UPS flight six situation, the fire burnt through the car, the the hold in the cargo bay and it starts to damage the electronics. And then in that situation, this can explain why the plane's going dark. There was even a wired article that was written saying like, oh, Fascinating. So you're saying Yeah, that explains the transponder situation. Exactly. So this is why the plane really went dark there. The A wired article says, you know, a startling simple explanation for what happened at MH 3 7 0 was be an electrical fire that somehow the wires got burnt and then the first thing the pilot would do would pull the main bus, plane would go dark, right?


And so you look at that scenario, you go, oh well if I just add this little shift to it and say it wasn't just spontaneous fire, it was the lithium ion batteries ignited. And then maybe they had already kind of started and very quickly caused the plane to go dark within like a minute. And they might not have gotten like a sig, like a sensor saying beep beep beep warning fire in the cargo bay, et cetera. And once that thing has started, now it's just a race against the clock. Yeah. Especially If you got 500 pounds. Exactly. Which is what they had. That's like a confirmed fact. But it's not a conspiracy. 4 87 7 be exact. Yep. Of lithium ion. So okay, you said that they had not logged that though, that they were putting it onto the plane. So my instant rational brain is why not log that?


And also why not just instantly tell the public it looks like there was a fire that actually puts people at calm. It was a fire event. We're still looking for the plane, but it looks like the plane was on fire. And So that's the big question, right? Like if this was a fire event and I'll tell more evidence related to, 'cause there's a lot, why, why cover it up? Why not mention it right away? The answer to me is pretty straightforward. If you mention there was this batteries on board, the plane on March 9th, 2014, the day after plane disappear, everyone's gonna immediately hone in on the fire scenario because it's the most logical explanation. Your plane is turning back and going to Penang, the closest airport to land of Boeing 7 7 7. It's obviously an emergency scenario, right? Why doesn't the plane land there? Well probably 'cause the smoke was covering the windshield of the, of the cockpit just the same way it did with UPS flight six.


That was the reason why that plane crashed. 'cause you would say, why couldn't it get back on the ground? They couldn't see anything. It's the middle of the night. It's pitch black as well. They have no power. It's not safe for them to land either. They have no light either. In fact there are 20 witnesses, maybe even more, but 20 that we found just from looking through news articles, all corroborated a fire event. They've all been discredited. There's no witnesses to corroborate a suicide or anything like that. When the plane goes dark and turns back. Some of these other experts that have investigated the plane have determined based on the radar that the plane actually did an emergency descent maneuver. That's the opposite of what you would do in a suicidal scenario. If you're trying to make everybody pass out, you want to increase your altitude and depressurize the plane.


If you're going flying low, you're potentially doing that because you need to get the smoke out of the plane and have people have enough oxygen to be able to breathe, which means you have to fly under 10,000 feet. So we've got that. We've got Mike McKay on an oil rig who, If you look back at his reported sight and he says he saw the plane on fire and if he saw the plane on fire for like he says like five seconds, he has a smoke break on his oil Reagan and he sees it far off in the distance. Turns out it had just rained. So it was perfect visual conditions to see and he sees it low on the horizon, which is why the media distorts his report and says he saw the plane crash. He says, no, I didn't see the plane crash. I just saw it looked like a plane on fire for a few seconds. There was nine witnesses along the coast that all hear loud noises at the exact same moment which would indicate, you know, this plane, the battery's exploding.


Something like that Soundtrack carries on, water plane turns back around, there's eight fishermen on a boat, 10 miles off the coast of Malaysia and and Thailand in between there. And they see the plane flying unusually low again consistent with that turnback analysis that was done. So right away we can tell, you might say, oh this was the perfect location for them to turn off the plane. That's what they think. The people who think this pilot did it say. But you could also just say it's also the perfect location in general for an operation or it's a perfect location to you know, have your plane go dark If you want to have people be very confused. The other thing too is that the last witness, so after the plane gets to Panang doesn't land, it starts flying to the nick of Bar Islands.


We have Catherine t she's the star witness, her sighting is well reported. She, we had a blog back then. So she blogged all about it. She reported it when she got to Thailand, she was on a boat with her husband and one other person. They middle of the night, she was on, you know, You know on deck for you know, duty to make sure they don't crash into anything or what have you. And she sees this plane flying unusually low, no navigation lights glowing orange with dark smoke coming out of the back of it. And she sees it flying low and descending over the course of her sighting. This is consistent with a China Times only report US government. No western media ever picked it up that China had intercepted a navy communication from MH 3 7 0 from the Taipei Embassy, I believe in Thailand, that the plane was attempting an emergency landing and disintegrating.


And this is consistent with the fire event and what Catherine TESOL and what we see in those videos where we're looking at these two smoke trails coming outta the back of the plane. Those videos that we just watched as well, we can tell the plane's very low because those clouds, we see cumulus clouds, they only form a very low altitudes. And it looks like this plane's doing a turn as well. If you're trying to land in the ocean, you don't need to land straight. You can, you can spin your way down to get down to the water as well. Even the direction of travel is consistent with Catherine T's sighting and even consistent with the videos as well. So we've got this whole scenario that now looks like, well this is a fire event but if it's a fire, like I talked to Billy Vincent and a couple other experts that have testified on the Hill related to fire events on planes and they said that the plane could last for an hour.


Billy Vincent thought the plane could last for several hours because the fire suppression devices, I, I looked them up as well. They have about three hours of fuel. They have these automatic ones that deploy to immediately put the fire out and they have the slow rate bottles. There's like five bottles of these, looks like a little like kind of bomb from the old Acme cartoons, you know, And so they could keep this thing at bay, but it's never gonna make it eight hours into the South Indian Ocean to the, where it goes down there. So just a question, what would be happening on board? Let's let's map out this fire event because what ha what would happen if lithium, if, if lithium ion is now in the air? Because I think you mentioned before that it, the pilot had passed out very quickly.


Yeah. In UPS six. Yeah. So a lot of it of course is gonna be somewhat speculative 'cause we don't have videos or anything going on. But one thing that's another very, very strong piece of evidence is the Malaysian Minister of Defense. If people haven't watched the video, and I'll make sure I I send it to you to add in here a couple of the clips. He did an interview with the Australian broadcaster about seven weeks after this plane disappeared. Plenty of time to have all the facts available and he won't say anything verifiable about this plane at that point. A an aircraft unidentified was detected that Morning that came out. I, I've said that in the beginning and I think that's confirmed by the Prime minister too. What did the military do when it was detected?


Well I mean the, it is an airline that came from our airspace is a commercial airline and the military is actually said that they didn't consider it as a hostile aircraft. Why? What were they relying on to come to the conclusion that it Wasn't hostile? Well that's a call by the officer that was in charge of it. And like I said earlier, there was an inquiry under the, the Royal Military Air Force that will come out too. Well one thing he does is he slips up, he says they knew it was commercial plane and they knew it wasn't hostile. That's why they didn't send up jets to track the plane.


That's The first thing. Like if there's a plane going off course, you're thinking okay, terrorist attack and you're, why aren't you sending the Jets? And he is, his answers are so crazy. He's like, he asked the interviewer, well why would we send up jets? Would you shoot down the plane? And she's going, what do you mean shoot down the plane? Like, just track the plane. Right? You've got a rogue plane. He said, well why would we do that? We knew it's not hostile. He messed up And he messed up because how could, you know, it's not hostile Unless, you know it's not hostile unless, Unless you have communication with the plane. Right. That's the only way. Because otherwise it could be a hijacking first thing, it could be a suicidal Pilot. First thing must be yep, suicidal. So now we're starting to see what really happened is that they had communication with the plane.


They just didn't, they classified those communications, they never released them. Selective release of information, right. Lies by O Mission. One of the other things he says too is she asks him, why would you shoot down the plane? And he goes, well the Americans would. And you're like, wait, what? It looks like he's looking at his handler. He gets these weird facial expressions. The Malaysian people were so upset about this guy in this interview. If you read the YouTube comments, they're like, why is he smiling? Like who is he looking at? They keep wondering like it's pretty clear in my mind that this guy got the call like, like you've gotta tow the line. And he was not prepared for this interview at all. So Why would he say so?


He says, say it again, the American people would Yeah, It actually offensive to me. It was like he was evoking nine 11, right? Because he's like, she asked him why would why shoot down the plane? You know? 'cause he is, she's trying to say like you would just track the plane this, why are you kind of being evasive about this? And he is like, well the Americans would, and you're like, it's just outta nowhere too. And it's almost like when people have all these lies in their head and they've just gotta, they're trying not to get it out but it's just subconsciously gets out there. It's almost like he's saying the Americans talk to him and he, you know, he doesn't, he's gotta be careful not to say it but somehow it just kind of blurred it out. Mm. Yeah. Let's actually check out that moment right now. 'cause that sounds crazy, But why not send the jets up If you, you, you have conceded earlier that you knew very early in the morning the plane was missing.


There were, there was four and a half hours time in which to Respond and not, it was not hostile, it was commercial. It was from our sp we're not aware with anybody. If they did go up in hindsight, would you agree that we wouldn't be in the situation we are now, which is I don't think seven weeks. So I, So I don't think that speculative, even if we send it back, are you going to say that we are going to shoot it down? Well you said that not me. No, I'm asking you. I could not Possibly answer So I So if you're not going, If you not going shoot it down, what's the point of sending it up To see where it's going? Well to see it going. You need a fighter for that.


You're talking about about military procedures and if I did shoot it down, you'll be the first to say how can you shoot down a commercial airline with 14 nationals, half of them Chinese. I'll be in a worse position probably. Why shoot it down though if it's not hostile Why the Americans would, So that is remarkably strange he does this press conference, it kind of yields more questions than answers. Why even mentioned the Americans, this is an incident that happened in Malaysia, kind of a random country to pick, to say something about and you think he got the call.


Oh absolutely. And then, You know, going back to the fire, the, the overall question of like, You know, what was actually happening here, this is the part where the reason why I give that disclaimer in the beginning for condolences for the families is I personally don't believe many if anybody was even alive when we get to that point in the videos because the oxygen mass on airplanes only last like 15 or 20 minutes. Little known fact. So you better not be holding out for those as your hope if something were to happen on your airplane. And the lithium ion toxic smoke is extremely dangerous. There was an incident just a couple months ago, I think in South Korea where like 23 people died from a a, a fire in a factory.


And you ask like how can all these people die inside of a, a building where you can just run out? There's even videos of them battling the blaze And that's when you realize like one to two inhalations and you pass out and then you just become overwhelmed out there. So the pilots were in a better situation. They have their own oxygen and they have full breather head like headset that they can put on them. So if I had to speculate, I would say that at least one, if not both of the pilots were okay, probably even at the point where these videos happen. But the passengers as that smoke is starting to build up in the cabin, they might not even notice it and you just fall asleep and then you never wake up ever again. So that's the thing that I think is really scary.


The copilot cell phone pings a cell tower when they fly over Penang as well, which indicates that they were flying very low. In fact, probably under 7,000 feet. 'cause If you try to put your phone on when your airplane, once you get up a certain height and certain altitude, you don't have any service anymore Unless you're its nine 11 and it's 2001. But we'll skip, we'll save that for another. That's a whole nother fiasco to do. We'll save, save That for another day. But yeah, the the but the nine 11, you know the, that thought was always in the back of everyone's mind 10 years ago when we were thinking about this as well, which makes it even more ridiculous. Like they didn't send up jets to track the plane because some people actually speculate that they were going, that hijackers took the plane and they were gonna crash it into the patrons towers, which are two of the tallest buildings on the face of the earth.


I've actually been in the building. It's really nice buildings by the way. So you would think it's crazy to think that they would not be afraid of a Boeing 7, 7, 7 flying rogue through their airspace, You know? And yet they knew it was not hostile. So they, yeah, there was a communication there. And by the way, how did they wind up discrediting Catherine T. Yeah. So, and by the way, what country is she from? She's from the UK but she's, you know, an expatriate. So she's all over the country, all over the world, et cetera. Which, you know, I have an affinity for because I, I lived in Singapore for several years, right next to Malaysia. Actually a lot of my friends are from all over the world as well. I spoke to Catherine t personally 'cause I wanted to hear her story, see if it changed at all. I, I noticed her last Twitter post before I spoke to her in like 2022 was, you know, why have the family's gone silent?


The silence is sinister. That was like her last post. And you realize like she's not lying like she, unless she's in this the long this con for the long game, you know, like lying eight years later to what end didn't make any sense. And so when I spoke to her like everything, she basically reiterated everything that she said in her blogs. But one of the things that really stuck out to me was I asked her what time do you think you saw the plane? Because I wanted to get a good time tag because all these experts have tried to massage the time. She says 1840 UTC. And I go whoa, that's the time when the subang air traffic control. So they lost contact with the plane. That's the time the plane's in the location where our coordinates are at. That China Times reported mayday call.


That was the plane disintegrating. They said that that was at 2:43 AM which if that's Malaysian time, that's 1843 UTC, that's within five minutes of Catherine T saying it. Then she says, I felt pressured by the other experts to change my time. They were all trying to get me to change the time to fit with their narratives. And I asked these other independent group experts, none of them could gimme a, any reason why they, we'd be dismissing her. They just, it can't be possible because you know, the plane couldn't possibly be on fire and last as long 'cause they all just blindly believed the ERSA pings are a source of truth unfalsifiable. They just thought that must be what happened in this situation.


Catherine t as well. The glowing orange plane. I always wondered, I, and this was actually one of my favorite pieces I wrote when I was writing on Twitter, like kind of logging everything that I was discovering because everybody was trying to shoot me down for this. You believe aliens zap the plane or whatever. And then I find the fire event in Catherine T and I go, there's a real world scenario that makes a lot of sense. It doesn't include aliens or anything else like this that's really undeniable. And the reason why the plane was glowing orange is because Halon 1301, the fire extinction gas has bromine in it and bromine is a halogen gas. So if you've got this gas and it's pumping onto these batteries and maybe some of the crew are trying to pour water on it, you could have this chemical reaction that's releasing bromine halogen gas, glows orange.


So you could imagine why is this plane got this orange mist around it? Because you've got bromine being leaked out there. And once I piece this stuff together with all these witnesses, I'm like, here you go experts. Like do your words. Try to explain how this is not possible. You know? And then back to the original point, it's like okay well but how does the fire event fit in with these videos now? Like we, they corroborated 'cause we see the smoke coming outta the back of it. But then when you look at the videos again you go oh this is why we made up this fake story about the South Indian Ocean. We can't explain these videos to the public. Especially not in 2014. Probably not even in 2024 to be honest, because this is some technology that people are not ready on this world to accept.


And I don't believe that those orbs are aliens. I don't even believe there's anything inside those orbs. I think they're autonomous balls of plasma. And if we have that technology, there's a lot of tough questions that are gonna be asked like where did we get this technology? How long have we been hiding this technology? What does this mean about our reality? If we can just have three orbs spin around a plane and then poof it shoots through let's say a wormhole because that's what I think we're looking at and goes to a different location on earth instantaneously. Like this brings up a lot of Star Trek level technology and who has this, you know.


And I think the biggest thing would be if we have this technology, how can you justify keeping this hidden from the public? Like it would change everything about our entire planet. First I'm gonna tell you about American Financing because mortgage interest rates are dropping and are now in the fours. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing today. 'cause many hardworking Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each month. It's time to get rid of those American Financing. Salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customer $800 a month by doing this with rates dropping. The decision is so easy, all it takes is a 10 minute, no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you can save.


And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Yeah, so my theory and or I should say really my understanding is that the government is hiding a lot of secrets from us. I think the government is making us sick. I think the government is making us dumb. And I think the purpose of that is sinister. It's just to enslave the, the planet. And they do this by pretending that we're progressing and they give you something like an iPhone and then you don't realize that kids can't do basic math, right?


So and literally this is what, so they're, they're, and you kinda look back into all of these stories now that I realize, you know, how powerful the government is and more importantly how powerful the media is. And I'm talking about Hollywood as a component. Even the kind of stories they tell us when we do get technology is kind of senseless. It's like everyone just sort of invented technology in their garage. Like what's going on in these garages that like, everyone's like, oh it's got together, made Google, you know, got together, made YouTube, then got together. We, it's like, and then you look into this and you're going actually this looks like quite an elite group of people who are introducing technology that they've already had for quite some time giving it to the public because there is this illusion that we are progressing and I actually am convinced that we are regressing.


We've been regressing for a very long time. Like they are, they are slowing man down there. There's a gap that is just being established and it's getting bigger and bigger and bigger between the elites and what they know and what we know. And this is why they are obsessed with social causes because there's nothing but hot air. So let's keep this students focused on CRT. No, forget math, forget science, forget things that would allow you to catch up with us. We're gonna teach you about race theory, we're gonna teach you about the social sciences, we're gonna teach you about feminism. All of these things that mean nothing. You don't even know how to grow your food. Yeah. Which is happening right now, right? You talk to women who don't even know how to cook, forget growing their food, they don't know how to cook, men don't know how to hunt. I mean we're talking about a generation of lost knowledge that happened very quickly.


What your grandparents knew versus what you know. And you're convinced you're smarter than your grandparents. You couldn't even survive outside. You would die If you had to survive outside. That's true. That is the overwhelming majority of people just die absolutely. Instantly. And I have placed it, I think there's been concert efforts to do these sort of resets in society. And I think that one definitely happened around in the middle of the 19th century. Like I, sometime during the 18 hundreds, mid 18 hundreds, they did a huge reset. And there's a lot of stuff that just hasn't been explained. And because I got there before I ever saw your theory, I went, oh yeah, this, this is right up there. Again, it's the illusion of progression.


And then by giving you little, little things here and there that actually aren't advancing mankind, actually they're slowing mankind down. You're no longer thinking Google tells you what to think, but like, oh I have Google. I can just look it up. How much knowledge have you actually retained? And I'll give you another example of this, not to go on a rant, but I think it is important for my audience to, to hear where I'm at. I was in Philadelphia and I, I lived there and every morning I would drive and I'm talking literally like four times a week to a cafe. I put it in my ways and I'd go to the cafe about six months in I realize I don't know how to get to this cafe. I've been going to this cafe for been driving to this cafe for six months and I don't know how to get there.


I am relying on technology to do the thinking for me. I don't even know, people don't know basic geography anymore. Forget mathematics, geography, anything. And so our, our minds are actually getting much smaller, which is why all of these things seem so implausible because we don't understand basic science. Absolutely. I mean, look at your cell phone, right? It's, it, I I can't even explain how the cell phone works. Almost nobody can. To your point, you use Waze and you just have it drive you wherever you go and you realize, oh, I've lost the ability to like learn how to navigate now all of a sudden as well, I, I believe that a, a lot of people that follow me are gonna love what you said about the reset thing as well because the type of technology that we're seeing in these videos is potentially not an invention, it's a discovery.


And the beauty about discoveries is that it doesn't require some level advancement to comprehend the concepts in general. So a lot of people think like even going back to like the pyramids, like how did they make these these things and move these giant stones as well. But when you start to dig into the science that we're gonna talk about, you realize like, oh well even if they weren't as advanced to have cell phones like this, they still could have understand these underlying concepts of the universe. And maybe they were able to produce these types of effects in very low tech kind of ways in general. We're Told stupid things about that by the way. I mean the story that they're giving us new history, it was just slaves. No, no, no, just add more slaves. Explain that to me without a power, Joe. No, no, no.


That actually I'm not comprehend. There were just more slaves than you could have imagined. How many, I'm like, no, explain to me how many slaves and with not even so much as a wheel. I mean it really explained to me how this was made and why this lines up with Orion's belt. I mean really what kind of slaves? Just more slaves than you would ever know. We are being told a very dumb version of history. While at the same time the military industrial complex is destroying history all around the world. I mean the, the most ancient cities are being destroyed And, and you, when I, I look now and I'm like a rock in Syria and Egypt and the amount of bombs that we're dropping and when you look into it, what, what we are destroying, I'm like these, this could hold the answer to so much.


So what we're talking about is energy. So I want you to explain it as If you are explaining it to a child because I do believe that we have a childlike understanding of science. Like I do not have a science brain. So I want you to explain what exactly you believe happened. Yeah. So first thing I wanna say is like Carl Sagan had this quote that said like we live in a society based on science and technology where nobody understands science and technology. And that's a big problem. And I agree with you that they want to hide, they don't want people to be smart. They don't want people to look at the science of physics. They want us focus on all these social issues and political things that in the grand scheme of things don't mean much. I think that the allegory of Plato's cave really explains everything as well, right?


We're chained up and we're looking at the shadows and we're not seeing the, the real picture outside the world out there. Yeah, we're just cavemen honestly is is one of the things that I've concluded as well is that we think we're so advanced. We think that some people out there think they've discovered everything that we've, we've figured it all out when we really have it. So before we jump into that, the one thing I want to ask is people are gonna wonder like why are they filming this plane and why did we do this to this plane? And when you look at the passengers on board, there's something that sticks out majorly. There are 20 free scale semiconductor engineers on this plane, 2020 Now I work at a large company and we have a policy that you can only have two or three people on one plane because if the plane disappears you lose a lot of people.


And in this case, these were all, according to the news, very important people directly from Freescale themselves, they said these are very important people. The story was they were going to China to upgrade the plants there you Said Freescale. Yeah, Freescale semiconductors. Now this is gonna be important because eight of these people were Chinese nationals, 12 of them Malaysian nationals. They worked for the American company. Freescale semiconductors. Freescale Semiconductors had just produced a microchip that was like smaller than a dimple in a golf ball. People do not realize how powerful semiconductors are when it comes to advanced technology. It's not really a matter of scaling it up, it's really a matter of scaling it down and getting it smaller and smaller and smaller.


And this company I looked into some more. First of all, what I'll say is that we have like a semiconductor trade war going on right now with China. And I don't think the world even knows the Biden administration actually passed more tariffs recently on semiconductors. And I don't know if Trump has mentioned it, but like we are trying to be the leader in semiconductors. I looked and found a 2005 national security agency report that's on, it was called Superconducting Commercial assessment essentially. And you read through it and it talks about freescale semiconductors multiple times on their microchips. Superconductivity is a very important concept for people to understand because it's a macroscopic quantum effect.


When we deal with quantum effects, these are like magic basically that we can't describe on the smallest scales. Then when we talk about macroscopic, it means that like we can actually see these types of effects. Superconductivity in a circuit means that the electrons are flowing freely with no resistance whatsoever. When normally like your phone, when you use it, it starts to heat up. The reason why it's heating up is the electrons are bouncing into atoms and that causes heat generation that is lost due to entropy and therefore your, your phone runs outta battery and stops working. But in superconductive situations you doesn't heat up at all. So presumably your battery life would be much longer. And this is why we've had this LK 99 situation like a year ago where people are saying like we can make a room temperature superconductor and we can see these quantum effects at the macroscopic scale.


In fact, there's videos out there and I will share this video with you 'cause I want your audience to see it where people in Korea and China were, were proving it to people in the West where they have a literal rock, which is this meta material of LK 99 that they produce. And it doesn't, it's not one exact composition, but they've basically at the atomic level created this meta material that is floating freely over a magnet and not just floating freely, but it's flux pin, it's called the mesner effect. And you can like hit it and it just kind of like wiggles but stays stuck in position there. And when you look at that, it just, it seems like anti-gravity, it seems like magic.


Nobody can debunk it at all. Like If you, they even take a loop ring and they loop it over the top of it. And so you can see there's no nothing, it's not hanging by a wire or anything like that. And this, there was actually some disinformation that was passed around this as well where what they do then is they have a bunch of people try to reproduce it and then if one person fails, all of a sudden everybody on social media says, oh we failed to replicate it. It must mean whatever they did was fake. And it's one of those situations again where you're like, you're not believing what you see with your eyes. It's kind of like me, I use this analogy saying, if I say here's a recipe for lasagna and here I'm gonna make this lasagna and you eat it and you say, oh that's really great and then somebody else goes and makes it and it's crap, they would say, Nope, lasagna doesn't exist.


I tried to make it and it doesn't work out right? Like you didn't follow the recipe correctly. So we've got these people that are highly advanced semiconductors, we've got this NSA security report saying the United States government needs to invest in this. And then by 2010 or 2012 we could have superconductive microchips. In fact these superconductive microchips are most likely used in advanced AI and some of these other supercomputers quantum computers that we have out there as well. And we've got this trade war going on as well. So you can start to see a scenario where what if these people had developed some advanced technology and now they're going to China and China's got some leverage over them because they're Chinese nationals.


And what if this technology really allows the type of stuff that we see with these orbs to be possible. I mean if that technology is real, let's say we have it, we would not want anybody else to have it. Certainly not China or Russia. So to me this is the major motive for what you, why you're disappearing this plane. Like those people have to be the the reason. And then it's just a question of was the fire started accidentally? Like did the batteries just have a defect in them? And then these, you got some VIPs on board and you're trying to save them. Potentially, most people that follow me are like, no way. US government would never do that. But you've gotta keep the option out there. Right?


Or maybe, yeah, maybe they, they have the information's in their minds, you know what I mean? Exactly. That's whole point. The If you have an, you have an asset, it's an asset. Yeah. Yes, exactly. And that's the reason why you would also do this event to the plane as opposed to just shoot a missile, added it or beam it with a directed energy weapon or something like that. But then the other narrative is, well you know what the CIA does is they develop stories, right? They love a, they love a story that they wanna put down there. So, And they've got an office at in Hollywood, a Pentagon has an office and They don't, they generally don't directly interact. Who I find is that they, they set something up for somebody else to find, right? They want to indirectly influence the events so that nothing will lead directly back to them. Now in this situation, I believe the most likely scenario is that the fire was intentional that we, that these lithium ion batteries, that the runaway thermal runaway have a predictable burn rate and they knew if that fire started at that location, the plane's gonna turn back around and go to Penang away from where?


China, south China Sea. We're in this war with South China, China over the South China Sea. They wanna get the plane away from China, maybe even get it away from their satellites. So their satellites can't see the plane. But if they, okay, so let me, let me slow that down because if our operating theory here is that they got this lithium package, 500 pounds of lithium about approximate onto this plane quietly and they knew that this plane was going from koala lump par to Beijing, then why would they want the fire to start and divert it back? Yeah. To where it began. I think 'cause you want to get it to a specific point, right? The question is like why teleport plane and why the Nicka Bar Islands?


So why you would tell, Why not just fly it to Nicka? That's, And a lot of the scenario, one of the conspiracy theories out there is that they just remote controlled the plane to Diego Garcia. I think the plane got to Diego Garcia, but the evidence seems to show that didn't just normally fly there. It got this teleportation type event. A wormhole event happened to it and it Got there. Ah, so they wanted to start the fire. Yeah. Now So that people would plausibly believe that the plane had crashed. It could be, it could just be a matter of you're just showing off almost too. And that's the thing where it's like I'm not in the mind of the government. And so it's like we would need them to say to corroborate, what's the deal? 'cause they already work for the United States.


Yep. So in theory they could have just said we're flying the plane here. Yeah. With Diego Garcia. And I think the problem there too is that well you can track it and then there might be evidence that says, oh okay, well here's how they flew it there. But If you have this plane and it's on fire and now it goes to our location where we've got our military exercises going on and we've got our advanced equipment right there and then we disappear it right there. Even if they saw it, what are they gonna say? Actually China did see it. China hacked the Malaysian government the next day and they stole a crisis meeting. Minute notes about the plane and classified information about the plane. Why is there even classified information about the plane on March 9th, 2014? And then on March 13th, 2014, five days after this plane disappeared, satellite images get leaked to the internet from China.


If you guys go look at these satellite images and I should give them to you to, to take a look at as well, it clearly looks like three objects. Oh yeah. Around something else. And they're in a triangle formation. Just like we see in that satellite video. I actually tried to map up the clouds from the Chinese satellite images to see like, are these exactly matches, but it's for much further away. Like it's lower resolution. So it's like they saw something, it's almost like they let that leak to the internet as a message to be like, we saw what you did and I think I'm the only person on the planet that actually speculated this. And then there was this letter to Ashton Forbes on YouTube. You guys can check it out yourself. I promise you I did not write this letter. It's the weirdest thing that's ever happened in my whole life.


It's called Diego Garcia whistleblower letter to Ashton Forbes. It came out in early January, several days after I was on Tim Pool's culture wars podcast. And it's the creepiest thing that's ever happened in my life. Because even up until that point I was trying to figure out like was this fire accidental? Was it deliberate? And it presents this narrative of a story that uses like all the evidence that I've used and pieces that I had never even considered and provides times and things like for when they received the plane that you couldn't know unless you were like on the inside basically says, just to summarize, it's 11 minutes long that like what I've been saying about the plane is true.


The United States government set up this narrative to happen to the plane. They knew these people were gonna get on this plane at, at Qual Lumpur to fly to Beijing months in advance. They let it happen because they wanted to send a message to China. Who's your daddy? See that? That is what makes sense to me. If you're saying that these engineers worked for the United States in some capacity, it would make sense to me that China, which is competing with the United States, was getting them to betray the United States. And the United States was watching, watching what they were doing. They then secretly get this cargo onto this plane, they're going to bring this technology to Beijing, their new master and the CIA says not today. And then gets it.


And they want them, they want them to know that they brought this Yeah. To What's China gonna say? Yeah. They're gonna say, oh well the United States Garcia reported the plane away. The whole world's gonna, you know, what would this, what would our media do? We would go, oh this is all the hallmarks of Chinese disinformation. They would have 51 intelligence people write a letter saying this can't be possible or what Have you. Right. Okay, so let me debunk myself. So I'm with you on this narrative. I I, I fully believe they transported the plane. I fully believe they're hiding technology from us and that this was something that was covert. But If you are China at that moment, you could cause an international catastrophe catastrophe in terms of just releasing the evidence that the American government is hiding technology.


Unless it's one of these situations where victory would be peric where it's like then all of a sudden they're like, within you're hiding tech. You guys have all known this and we're, we're all kind of enslaving our people in some capacity. But yeah, I mean China could have just released information about the plane at the detriment to United States And maybe they made that letter to me, I truly don't know. Now the more time that goes by, at first I thought, well maybe this is somebody pulling some kind of really elaborate prank on me. But they had stuff in there like they tried to get me to watch this Joe Rogan podcast with Randall Carlson who I didn't even know who he was at the time. And it's all about these geometric shapes and plasmids.


And I've now only after digging into the science, realized that that's really what these orbs are as a plasmasphere. So whoever had sent me this and they basically say like, this power is unlimited. Like people really have to understand that even the letter says if two wine factions had access to this power, the earth would not last one day. And we're not talking nuclear weapons, we're talking like poof, we're not here anymore type stuff. And that this is so frightening that this is why they keep it secret. The last part of the letter is honestly gives me chills every time I listen to it, which basically says that how do you defeat somebody that has unlimited power, the ability to take a Boeing 7, 7 7 that's burning outta midair that has complete control over the media and crafts the perception of events that they want.


And it says after a decade of lifetime in their service, I think I know the answer. You talk about them and you don't stop talking. And every time I hear that, I'm just like, wow. 'cause I don't know who made that letter, but there's a couple weird grammatical errors that are made that are usually consistent with people in like, Asian descent a sec, English is your second language. And I just keep thinking like, man, I wonder if another country's intelligence made that, because at the time that came out, I was kind of on a low point where I was like, do I still want to be digging into this or not? And they were making fun of me in the letter because I was talking about, remember the Miami Mall aliens situation? I was reporting on that.


It was like the biggest tweet I ever made too. Like just posting about that. 'cause I thought it was interesting. And they were like, it admonishing me for that going like, and If you still wanna keep talking about Miami aliens, you can do that, but here's something that's much better in terms of this technology If you dig into it. And so really ever since then, I've dedicated almost every single day to reading as many scientific papers as I can to understand quantum mechanics, to understand electrical engineering. Because I think that there are only a few ways that you can prove these videos are real. They're just, they're so far out there that even people that believe in UFO stuff still are like, okay, I believe aliens here but this is too much. You know? So it's like how do we prove it?


Right? I think one way is If you get the government to admit it. So That's never gonna happen. Yeah, never. But you still have to try. Right? So I've called the FBII think three times over the last year. I got hung up on at least once, maybe twice. The moment I started bringing up spy satellites click, I'm like, okay, fine. Tried, I reported it to the A A RO If you don't know who they are, the all domain anomaly resolution office. They're the underneath the Pentagon. And they actually investigate like UFO stuff. And they actually just got a new director who actually came from the NSA. I've heard that the NSA was actually, they're the ones basically in charge of seeing anomalous stuff from our surveillance apparatus as well.


And I gave them the case back in November. They finally got back to me in January. I spoke on the phone with a, a guy, he asked me not to say his name but that I could say anything else I wanted to about it. I explained the whole situation to him. He assured me that they would have, they'd be able to get the classifications to determine if the videos are authentic. I gave them the name of the person who I think leaked the videos, which we can talk about in a second. And on April 11th, we had a couple of emails back and forth April 11th, they responded back to me. It was basically like Mr. Forbes, sorry for the delay. We, our invest initial investigation has shown that we found something related to the US search effort after the plane was lost from radar.


It would be helpful to know the authentic or like the, when the video was first published on the ED and on YouTube account and a follow up call might be helpful. Never got a response back to em ever again after that. And at that point I was digging into the science and realizing like, oh my god, the science checks out. And So I started, I sent a few follow up emails like, Hey guys, like you think we could just admit to this? 'cause I've got all this evidence, this science, they've ghosted me ever since then. It's now, you know, September we're what, five months later they just didn't respond to me anymore. I truly think that I red pilled this person that possibly didn't believe any of the stuff was possible. And then they found out it was. And basically higher ups call and say stop talking to that guy.


Right? Because there's nothing they can say to me that doesn't hurt their cause in terms of trying to keep it quiet. You know,


Gonna take a pause there. Thank one of our sponsors at The Wellness Company because the world is getting more on unpredictable each day. Political insanity, rumors of a civil war and unstable stock market. And now the looming threat of a new global health emergency. Yep. Did you know that there's a bird flu summit coming up this week in Washington? Yeah. It's eerily reminiscent of event 2 0 1, which foreshadowed the Covid pandemic and get this, the first topic on the agenda is mass fatality management planning. If that doesn't send chills down your spine, I really don't know what will. But here's the good news. You don't have to be scared if you're prepared. The Wellness Company created the medical emergency kit. And every home in America should definitively have at least one of these in their homes. They're packed with life-saving meds like ivermectin, amoxicillin and even a Z-pack. Imagine this. No more frantic searches for a doctor, no more emergency waiting room. Just a few clicks and this kit is delivered to your front door. In times like these have your medical emergency kit. It's not just a luxury, it's a necessity. Protect your failure by preparing right now. Head over to TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace to save $30. Don't wait until it's too late. Act now. Take control and ensure that you're protected against whatever comes next. Again, that's twc.health/ Candace and use code Candace to save $30 plus free shipping right now.


It's fascinating to me how many people in the military have come out and said to the public they're keeping technology. I mean, we're talking since the sixties. You have people like Bill Cooper, William Cooper, who kind of notoriously was one of the first people who really put himself out, then kind of got killed 'cause they were trying to arrest him for taxes. Who knows? But who similarly started his book, what, what was that called? Behold A Pale Horse and said, yeah, I was in the military fact check. True. And there were UFOs and they were able to do things that, that don't make sense. Like, you know, that that defies physics in a way that we understand it today. I was told to keep quiet and these are the things that you need to know as a nation because, and there was this sort of dark understanding, like, you guys have a very limited amount of time to wake up to this or it's it's going to be evil.


Yeah. And yet people don't believe it. And I think part of it is because it threatens everything. When you realize one thing, and like I said, you do go through this period of cognitive dissonance, like when I really fell down the rabbit hole on vaccines and realize all of that was a lie, then you start to realize, okay, they created an entire matrix on the basis of a lie that people are believing. It's like a, it's like a religion, it's a faith. You know, we, we don't, we don't believe, we don't even believe our own bodies, our own eyes, our own reactions. I mean, it's incredible. All it takes is an expert to come and tell you and say, that's not real Poo p And we just go, okay, I trust the expert. And so you were telling me by the way that you were supposed to do Joe Rogan's podcast.


Yeah. What happened with that? Yeah, that was wild. I woke up one morning and I, I look at my dms on Twitter and there's Joe Rogan's name. And I mean for me, like I, I'm just a normal guy that's now been escalated to this extraordinary situation and I was blown away by it. It was like, Hey, I, I saw your thing about the plane, I want to talk to you about that. And ended up getting like a date set up and everything with his booking agent. And then all of a sudden I get this message back saying like, oh, there's been a, something's happened. And I'm kinda like, Hmm, right. Like this is interesting. And then Joe Rogan d dms, me, he is like, well I saw this stuff on, on Reddit and I think this might be debunked or might be like some kind of hoax or something like that. And I didn't wanna push too hard 'cause like I know how hard it is for to believe some of this stuff, but I did kind of give back my counter evidence like, you know, sure you can believe that If you want.


But like, here's the, the counter arguments for it. He also sent me a podcast where I feel like I was kind of set up on that wasn't very fair. That has a very kind of disingenuous title to it related to like, so, so And so gets exposed or whatever. Which certainly never happened. And do You know how many videos there are? CandaceOwens gets exposed. I mean, it's incredible. That's Part of the reason why I like talking to you. 'cause like, I think, you know how how the media works, game plays. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It's a nasty game and you were like kind new to it. And So, and that was very new. So, You know, I got, I kind of, you know, I was very naive too at that point. This has been a learning process for me in general. So I said, okay, You know what, no problem Joe Rogan. And actually the last message I sent to Joe Rogan was that, you know, I, I appreciate it and If you change your mind at any point, like reach out to me because I, I really believe that as time goes on, the science will be vindicated, therefore the videos will be vindicated.


We're never gonna find the plane. So it, it only gets more and more momentum, you know, which is part of the reason why I'm talking to you right now. And then Kurt Metzker was the one who, who took my spot on on the show. I remember it was March 25th was the date that I was supposed to go. So I watched it with some intent. And actually they talked about the videos. They didn't mention me by name, but they talked about me. Kurt Metzger called me the, that autistic guy, which I don't take too much offense to a Kurt Metzger's, a comedian and he's a best Means you're smart, right? Yeah. Just these day and age I feel like it does. But Joe Rogan lets something slip. He said, I talked to my buddy Jeremy Corbell, who is this UFO disclosure guy. He's friends with George Knapp who is a, a, a journalist who these guys brought kind of Bob Lazar to the Limelight.


And it's an interesting parallel there because Bob Lazar, I think it was the late eighties or early nineties, said he worked at this place called S four, which is area 51. He put area 51 on the map and he said he saw these craft and what have you, and Bob Lazar has been on Joe Rogan. So this is how Joe Rogan knows about Jeremy Corbell and Jeremy and, sorry, Jeremy Corbell and George Knapp. Well I've got sources and, and and people too who tell me information. And what I heard about that situation is it wasn't Jeremy Corbell that told Joe Rogan but that it was actually George Knapp that told him that the videos were fake and not to talk to me. Which I think is really hypocritical because these guys, I've seen the videos that they've pushed out over the years.


Nothing they've pushed out is even remotely as compelling as the MH 3 7 0 videos. There's not a real live event. There's not two videos from military from two different angles and thermal and stuff like that. And it seemed a little bit weird to me, especially because I watched some of these guys' content and it's always about aliens, aliens, aliens. And I have nothing against aliens. Whatever people wanna believe they're real or what have you. I would say that If you are interested in the concept of non-human intelligence, you should look at the chart of all the options. 'cause there's like 50 different options out there. And the thing is like I think those guys are telling the truth as they see it. Jeremy Corbell, George Knapp and I know they know Lou Elizondo who's making the tour right now 'cause of his book, they never talk about United States surveillance capabilities.


They never talk about what the technology would mean from a weaponization perspective. And that just rubs me the wrong way because it feels like they're being controlled about what They say. Hangouts, I think is the term that they use where like they intentionally give you some information to kind of make you think that you're getting to information but actually like it's not, it's kind of controlling what information you're getting to. So, and and there there is a lot of that. I mean the CIA definitely does engage in that and they do have people that go out there and you're like, oh this guy's blowing the lid on this. But really he's got a very controlled amount of information that they're allowed to present. I'm not familiar with those people because I, I didn't really get too involved in the u FFO community. I, I tend to believe that if the media's ever telling it to you, it is with the full authority of the CIA and there's a reason why there're suddenly showing you all of this stuff.


And they admit real quick too that like I've, I've listened on pretty much everything you guys say 'cause I, I hone in, I wanna figure out like what's these guys' agenda, what's the agenda in general, I've come to the conclusion and by the way, you're not missing anything. Not being part of the UFO community. I, it's not my cup of tea to be honest with you. They have in my opinion some type of slow drip process that's went out there. I've heard Jeremy Corbell say directly that he does not think it can be our technology that he was told from the Nimitz incident that Commander Fravor was told by the CIA that the tic-tac is Lockheed Martin technology, private military defense contract. And I went, whoa. But he's like, no, it's not possible. It has to be aliens essentially.


And that Jeremy Corbell has said it multiple times that there's stuff they can't say because it would impact national security. And I go, wait, aren't you an independent journalist? Why is what would there, what could there be? Certainly aliens is not impacting national security. And I've also heard, you know, Lou Elizondo say this as well. So these are the things where I get a little bit worried because a lot of what these guys share is not verifiable And the videos, especially the Jeremy Corbell and George Nap show, where are they getting these videos? Some of these are military videos. I don't see people going to prison for these videos. Right. So usually If you are giving a truth that you're not, you should be treated like crap from the media. Yes. You should either be arrested, you gotta be like Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden.


Like when you're giving information that the government does not allow for you to give, you're gonna get smeared. You're gonna get liable and you could I possibly get in prison? And if that's not, if you're not facing any of that, then that means in my view, and again I don't know these people So I don't follow this community. That means you've got the full authority and blessing of the United States government. Yeah. And when you then you look at the videos too that they share and it's usually not stuff that's very anomalous, like it's just some lights in the sky or something's a triangle shaped or they had this jellyfish UFO that was just floating around. And I go, okay, well I mean that's neat but what am I really seeing here? As opposed to when you look at these MH 3 7 0 videos, you're like okay, I'm seeing anti-gravity type technology going on here. These are balls of plasma, where's the energy coming from and did they just wormhole a plane away?


You know like this is the stuff where a lot of these guys are even talking about it. You know, when Lou Elizondo was on with Joe Rogan just recently, he even mentioned like the concepts or at least his book mentions the concepts of a work drive. And the other part that really freaks me out about these guys is that they never bring me up and never talk about me. I've reached out to some of them, they've never replied and yet they're saying a lot of the same stuff. Lu Ono's book talks about a video that he saw a 23 minute video and the UFO community is very familiar with this 23 minute video situation. It's been kind of a, this mystique that made them wondering about it for many months that he wrote about in his book. And what he said was that it was a video of a predator drone with three orbs in a perfect triangle formation, like playing with it that were seemed to be autonomous that had structure to them.


And I just listened, read that and went that is like very similar to the drone video that we were just watching in this interview. If, if you're promoting that, why would you not wanna talk to somebody like me? Especially If you claim to be for disclosure. But then you can kind of see the reason right is that national security, this technology is a weapon. This is, and like you were saying about China, Russia going back to the like why would you do this? Is like you can imagine all these countries are trying to figure out how to weaponize this technology And while it seems like it's magic, I would argue that what we see with the orbs is like the first iteration of it. If there are some alien species out there that we figured this out from or whatever, they're like way up here, right?


And and the orbs are like the first iteration of that. So you can imagine there would be like this almost like cold war race for this technology to figure out who can advance it first. Orb like World War II with the atomic bomb, try to figure out, 'cause whoever has the most advanced version of this has complete control over the planet. And this would explain why these guys are talking about, well it's a national security thing. I can't say that why they don't talk about the surveillance apparatus, why they never talk about the weaponization of it and the capabilities of it. So I took a different approach and I said well we can prove it. If the government admits it never gonna happen. We can prove it if the leaker of the videos comes forward and we can prove it if we can explain the science.


'cause I'm like, I'll, I'll take anything I can here. You know. And So I started looking into the science as much as I could. I started, I decided I was gonna learn quantum mechanics, learn electrical engineering and you know, it's only been probably nine months or so for me, but I've learned enough to have, have this conversation with you and not feel super uncomfortable that I, you know, that I'm not doing it justice in general. You Did great job and you're also communicating in a way that the masses can understand it. Yeah. And I think they're gonna appreciate the science part we'll talk about here in a second as well. And people are gonna say, well how is this guy figure all this science out in only nine months? You know, it can't be possible. I remember some podcasts were saying people spend 10 years and then it's like this idea that you have to have this certain amount of time to be an expert.


I Went to medical school, how could you possibly understands Exactly after telling me you studied it for a year. You know? Exactly. But the point though is that if those videos are real then that's like being the teacher who has the answers to the test. So you've gotta leg up right away. 'cause now you're just trying to figure out how do I show the work, how do I explain this? Which is was what makes it really easy for me to kind of figure out like when I read scientific papers, concepts and stuff like which ones have merit versus which ones don't. And I ended up finding more. It was actually blew my mind how all the science that explains those videos is all out there and it's been out there for decades. Like we're talking since the eighties. But they also, part of what's happening right now in creating these kids that effectively all have a DH, ADHD 'cause they're onik 'cause they don't even, they can't even focus for, to watch a three minute video get alone to read a science paper and try to comprehend it like we're we're even you.


You see the attention span is just getting shorter and shorter and shorter. And that is also a part of what the public school system might believe is intentionally doing is like they're not even going to be able to read. I mean 70, 70% of black students in California can't pass a basic reading exam. You have the illiteracy rate right now in America is stunning. Yes. And so, like I say, we have this very short window where we're gonna be able to find, have people who don't work and are not controlled by the government to get obsessed about these topics independently. To bring this forefront to the public's people really understand what's happening. And fortunately you like the way I got about vaccines you got about this. Yeah. And, And so we need people like this who are like for nine months and here's what I'm learning and here's what I'm finding. And so you're seeing in the same way that I saw, there's tons of scientific literature that pointed in the direction that vaccines were always a farce.


You're saying that you were able to find this scientific literature that pointed to this conclusion. But of course who's gonna go look that up on a Tuesday afternoon? So what did you discover in that? Yeah, Well actually right before that I wanna make sure I talk about the leaker because that's really important. The second way that the videos can be proven to be true. There was a day or several weeks in October, 'cause you know when we first talked on this, on this interview we were talking about the videos, the timeline of the videos, the how the videos were recorded, et cetera. And I was like, well wow, I have this like pro psychological profile for a person who potentially would've leaked this video. I was calling them Agent 3 7 0. And I thought, huh, I wonder if I can Yeah Agent 3 7 0.


Yeah because there's somebody who leaked this stuff, right? Went against the government and I thought, I wonder if this person was charged 'cause they had to have been caught because if this is a Citrix session there's logs for that. There was a screen recording, it wasn't somebody with a camera like filming it like this. And So I started digging around for people that were charged with espionage or willful retention of classified data or dissemination of classified data. It took me like two weeks and then one night I still remember vividly it was just like wow. I found them. I started digging through these Wikipedia sites that have everybody who's ever been charged and it's not as many people as you would think. And then I find Edward Clin lieutenant commander, he checked every box right away.


I started getting chills because the first thing I started reading is that he has experience with signals intelligence sign. That's how all of these like systems all connect to one of the satellites, to the spy planes, to the ground based systems and all this stuff. And I'm going, Ooh, that's interesting. Well let's read more about him. Turns out he gets assigned to this spy plane squadron, the VP U2 wizards in February of 2014, right before the plane disappears. I find a statement by his lawyer saying that the investigation into him began April 2nd, 2014, which is a few weeks after the plane disappeared. And I'm already like, okay, well wow, you've already checked a lot of the boxes. I'm, I'm imagining a scenario where he's literally in one of the spy planes that night like tracking the plane or something like that.


In fact, just quick side anecdote on the Netflix documentary, the French father who lost his wife and children was told by some intelligence source that the Americans know exactly what happened to the plane. And there were two awacs in the area spy points. So we've got this lieutenant commander, I look him up, he had been like a, was a, some kind of liaison to a congressional person as well. Like he was a naturalized Taiwanese American. He has potential connections where he might've been using him as a spy. He had some kind of preexisting relationship with the FBI and NCIS. And the biggest things that I think were interesting to me is that we were trying to get him on espionage, which would've put him in life for, put him in prison for life essentially first time in like 50 years since the Cold War then active duty member was being charged with this.


Wow. We ended up having to admit there was no evidence of him exchanging any information with anyone from China at all. Which is a weird thing. Like if you're charging someone with Spen, you'd think you'd have evidence of it. And his lawyer also said that the classified information in question was available on the internet. I went, okay, what what could we be trying to get him in life for for classified information that is available on the internet? You know, they were gonna put him in prison for life life And they also caught him with flight manifests. That includes search and rescue code names as well. And I'm just looking at that going, wow. So it turns out they forced him into a plea deal and he ends up like issuing this statement about what he did was wrong.


They mistreated him, they made sure they held him in prison pretrial detainment and that he couldn't talk to the media or anything like that. The government was actually afraid of the case going to trial because they were afraid they would have to show what the classified information was that he leaked. And I'm just going, how can it not be these videos? Like everything checks out his plea deal. He, the espionage charges got dropped. He just had basically two charges of will or retention of classified information. And by the way, they stuck on a prostitution charge on this guy. He's, they're trying to put him in life of prison. They're sticking on a prostitution charge on there 'cause they're trying to, You know, muddy the waters and and damage his reputation. His family even set up a website saying like what's happening to him is not fair, blah blah blah.


Such a, such an interesting case and I recommend people check it out. You can only find the articles If you change your cert RA search range from like 2014 to 2016. And then there's nothing about this guy after that at, so the plea deal was nine years in prison. This is so disproportionate to just dissemination of classified information. If you look up similar cases, even in his appeal he argued that this was way too much time compared to other people. Usually for stuff like this people get like a few months slap on the wrist or what have you. There's even cases where I found recently where people were actually convicted of actual espionage where they exchanged money with information from China and they got like two years in prison.


So you're like, something is wrong here. They also had to have military members testify in court as to why what he did was so damaging. So you can begin to see a scenario where this guy saw these videos. Maybe he didn't even know what was going on in those videos. Maybe he just thought it was aliens or UFOs. He leaked them to the internet or he leaked them to one of his counterparts and his friends in Taiwan. 'cause he had a lot of connections and then they leaked them on the internet. Maybe he didn't even know they were leaked on the internet. And then his whole world comes crumbling down where the government's coming after him because they're going, you just told China and Russia and all our adversaries, all our secrets about our super secret technology that no one can know about. Like, You know, more secret than atomic weapons.


And he ends up getting three years shaved off because he, You know, did this plea deal with N-C-A-S-F-B-I and basically said okay yes what I did was super wrong, nobody should do this. I FOIA his case to the FBI and N-C-I-S-F-B-I gave me some weird like it is private information, we can't give anything. The NCIS gave me an Obama error exemption, which I'm very familiar with now because almost all fos that I put in have gotten this exemption to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy. And Obama actually loosened FOIA requests up in 2009 to make them easier to get access to. So now there's only a very specific number of exemptions that they can use. And they used one of those exemptions to not give me anything about his case.


What about his family? Is he still in prison? So he got out probably based on the timeframe, like 2021, what have you. I've actually thought about going to just knock on his door. I tried calling him like we found where he lived and his contact information, it's kind of scary, easy to stalk people on the internet these days. And the phone number that I called somebody picked up and hung up right away. I've only ever called one time is it's still being watched. Yeah. Because If you signed a plea deal and these videos are what you leaked, you can't say anything. If you say something, you're going back to prison. Right. Right. So this is why, Like I said, well once you've served your time, you served your time, they can't charge you twice for the same thing. But If You did a plea deal though, then plea part of the plea deal might say you can never talk about this otherwise we can put you back in prison again.


Exactly. Right. So this is why people ask me why I Need you get into first amendment trouble with that though. Yeah, Yeah. And that's why I like, so what I did was I reached out to his lawyers and Wow, I love how obsessed you are. This is amazing. Oh, I'm like a dog with a bone. Yeah. Once I gone out there, that's how I'm, I'm when I'm Nom not letting this get away. Yeah. Like no way. Right. And so it's like, this is why I want people to understand like, Ashton, why are you, why won't you just let this go whatever. 'cause like I want answers and nobody will give them to me. And I Why would you want someone to let this go? Yeah. I mean imagine you're on this plane, you're like a passenger and disappears and the world just moves on after a couple of weeks. Exactly. I mean of course we need to understand what our government is capable of because we're being enslaved by the government. Absolutely. So you reach out to his lawyer.


Yeah, So I, I talked to a clerk, talked to him for like an hour. I, I break down like, hey this is the guy that did this and I, You know, you should have him go to the media, make a statement because he needs to come out as like a whistleblower, like a real whistleblower. Not, You know, oh I'm gonna tell you some stories that are approved by the government but like I saw the craziest thing ever. I leaked these videos, they're real blah blah blah. And then I get a call back on a Sunday from another clerk and she wants to talk to me some more. I end up talking to her for like an hour and a half. I'm pretty sure I red pilled both these people because they're like, I wanna follow you on Twitter and all this stuff. And I never got a response back from the lawyer. But I started, all of a sudden I was on their mailing list and I still remember the first thing I got from them was this thing about this UAP disclosure bill and the protections that it might give whistleblowers.


And it was this seminar that they had held but it was like retroactive like it had happened like a week before. And they sent it to me and I'm like, this is weird. I've only gotten a couple emails from them ever and that was one of them. So I didn't really press the issue, but I do leave that in my back pocket as something where like, you know, I know that they're probably, if this is all real, the intelligence communities are watching this interview right now, I'm just gonna go ahead and say like at any point I want I can go find Edward Clin, knock on his door and be like, Hey man, did you leak those videos? Right. He can lie or he can tell the truth if he really did though. This guy is a real hero. Like this is the kind of thing where you're showing the world a, I would argue it's a crime that what we did with that plane potentially, but not just that.


Like it's clearly It was a, clearly it was a crime. There are passengers on that plane. Well It's kind of hard though. It's like, it's like mass murder to, in order to preserve or or to interrupt some technology and send a message to China plausibly. I mean that's one narrative that, but Let's be honest, like it's mass murder. Nobody's gonna face any, there's no way anyone faces any consequences for this. No, absolutely not. It's like Obama knows what happened to this plane. A hundred percent. And the reason why I know that is because I've also been listening to a lot of what these CI, a agent like not quite whistleblowers, but people that I think are being forthcoming with information to talk about. And he might not have ran the operation but after the event, like the director of national Intelligence would've written up like a briefing about it that would've gone to the president.


And then the president's the one that issues the policy, like how are we gonna respond to this? And he actually went to Malaysia a month later, Barack Obama did. It was the first time a president has gone to Malaysia like 50 years and ended up talking with Najib who is the prime minister at that time. I know If a lot of people realize this, but Najib is like one of the biggest criminals on the face of the earth. He got caught in the one MDB major kleptocracy scandal. Biggest one ever. $700 million of money was in a bank account in his name. He's the one that said the plane went in the South Indian Ocean. There's a picture of Barack Obama shaking his hand, the prime, prime minister before and after him, Maha tier. He was actually prime minister when I was living in Singapore. Beloved by Malaysian people.


He says that the CIA knows what happened to the planes. Of course, yeah. And I'm just going, okay guys, like how much more evidence do we need that there's something sketchy going on here? So you know, Edward Clin is the, the second way that these videos can just be proven authentic. If he ever comes out at any point in the future, everybody needs to rally around this guy more than any of these other whistleblowers in this UFO community because he's showing us technology that will change our entire planet. You know, just like that. And then the third way again is the science, which is my favorite part, but also, again, the part where I want people to be generous with me here. Like I'm only nine months into this, but I am going to list off a bunch of people's scientists and concepts here that we're gonna talk about.


People say I don't really think I have any special powers or anything like this, but people say like, you have a very strong intuition and the way that I explain the science to people, I like to explain it in a way where anyone can understand it. Because to your point, they've kind of, they kind of want people thinking like, no, you, you're, you're like a lowly commoner. You can't understand this science. But that's not true. Like you can't, anybody can really understand it. And once you have a good concept of how it operates and how we've been misled with physics in general, it starts to become apparent. You know, how easy it was for them to lie to us about this stuff. And you start to see the brainwashing that's been stuck in there and like, you know, So I would make some pretty bold claims, which I would say that all the textbooks in the United States are wrong.


They're lying intentionally. Yep. They, they're misleading us and and they want you to think a certain thing. It is kind of like covid where they, they implant this message into you and you just repeat the message like brainwashing. And that's one of the things I hear a a lot related to the physics that I'm about to present as well. History, physics, everything is, is intentionally absolutely it, it's meant to properly, Especially history too. Not to go on a tangent but you know, I'm one of those people too that I usually think that there's three sides to every story. Your side, my side and the truth or what have you, right? It's always somewhere in the middle out there and people always look back at history, even scientists, other historical events and you know, you bring up, well I don't think it really happened exactly that way and then everybody jumps down your throat because the authority told me that that's how it must have happened.


And if there's anything that people take out of this, these videos end up being proven real. I want people to realize how easy it is for them to brainwash us so that we never let it happen again in the future. They're doing it to us all the time. It's not just Malaysian Airlines Flight 3 7 0. I personally believe whatever your political opinions are that they did it to us with Covid as well. And they've done it to us with many other events. They're always mass psychosis events and that, and they've been doing this and it really picked up in the sixties where they realized that they could make everybody pay attention to something and then modify human behavior based off of an event and how people would react to that event. And that's why you guys who watch this know that I say you must read chaos and learn about MK Ultra and the Charles Manson thing that didn't really maybe happen at all.


And it was just a federal event to modify our behavior against, to end the hippie generation because they wanted to go to war. And once you comprehend and just like that, who was the guy who wrote that book? A reporter that was supposed to write 5,000 pages that became so obsessed with this case when he realized that he was being lied to, went through FOIA requests 25 years later, went flat broke trying to get to the bottom of what happened with the Manson murders. And in the process he gave us just a tone of evidence that shows us that our government has been intentionally manipulating us and lying to us about the big stuff because our brain goes, there's no way that this could be a lie because you realize how big a lie would have to be.


Yeah. They've realized that we don't come, we we our brains go No, no, no, no, there's just no way because they could never lie this big. And it's actually easier to tell a big lie than it is to tell a small lie. Absolutely. And so this is one of these things I'm just, I'm so grateful that you're obsessed with because we, we, I'm at the point where I wanna pull my kids outta school 'cause I realize the purpose is to make them dumber and slower and convinced that they're smart. And what I, why I do want you to get to is this is, let's get to the dark stuff as in what are the implications here? Like If you are correct, I think you are just by the way that you're being treated, that always tells me the first thing if as soon as they're going to dismiss this person, I'm like okay, that's the one I wanna listen to and I can see how obsessed you are.


I also see that you're very smart and how dedicated you are into learning this. What are the implications here regarding energy? Yeah. And just real quick, the FOIA thing that you said as well. I learned a lot about FOIAs. They reject FOIAs for anything they want. I FOIA the airplane regarding it to the NA to NSA gave me the same Obama air exemption be kept secret in the interest of national defense under this subsection. And that includes covert operations. So I also FOIA a fire suppression bottle that showed up in the Maldives that had to have been empty because it floated and it looks exactly like a fire suppression bottle from a Boeing triple seven. And I didn't even mention MH 3 7 0 on that foyer request.


I said NSA gimme whatever you got on a random fire suppression bottle. Also rejected for the exact same exemption as well. Which to me is like guys, how much, how many rejections do you have to get till you realize there's something going on here and what are the major, what does, what does this all lead to? There was a day where I realized this is all about free energy. And I went, wow, If you connect and follow the dots with the science, If you ask yourself where's the energy from these self-sustaining coherent orbs coming from? You realize that all of it comes back to Tesla, goes back to JP Morgan, these concepts from like a hundred years ago where space is not empty, space is has energy to give.


In fact it has a huge amount of energy to give. And that's what quantum mechanics tells us. And this is one of the big lies that we learn in schools that sure quantum mechanics exists and it shows there's this energy that's out there but we can't, it's not enough to get anything out of, it's called the vacuum catastrophe is that classical view of space time says well there's only this tiny amount so we've got this stuff going on but we can't access it. But quantum mechanic says no, it's like a hundred orders of magnitude more energy than what you think it is. Essentially infinite, unlimited energy. We're talking the direct sea of energy. We're talking the ether and the ether.


I remember Terrence Howard went on Joe Rogan, he got every single physicist jumping down his throat for what he was saying. One thing he was absolutely correct about was the lumous ether. There is an ether that's out there. In fact Dirac I believe have quoted as saying that the only way that this makes sense with quantum mechanics is that there must be a medium for an electromagnetic wave to traverse through. And people will say, well Ashton, the Michelson Morley experiment in 1885 said that there's no ether. That's not actually what it said. They use an interferometer. And so interferometer is like basically taking a mirror and you bounce your, your laser beams and have it split and you're looking for a shift in your interference pattern.


And they didn't see any shift in the interference pattern. So they said either there must not be an ether or the ether must be flowing with the earth itself. Well there's this guy named Martin Brunick 2009. He redid the experiment and he had it on a spinning table. And so If you horizontally spin it, you see this interference pattern which is just some lines basically and it doesn't move. And you say okay well that's what Michael Sim Morley said. But then he flips it on its side vertically and has it spinned vertically. And what happens, the interference pattern starts to shift and the midpoint where it hits that kind of equilibrium point is perfectly parallel to the plane of the earth.


Now what does this mean? There's another scientist whose last name is Ishmael who reported the paper and I think it's like the ISOR physics study review that says that there is an ether, it is just a vertical force, not a horizontal force that we feel that's going on and says that this can unify gravity and the blue shift that we see with respect to this. So I would argue that Martin Brunick proved that experimentally that there is to, as far as I know, no one has been able to explain the fact that he just flipped the Michaels and moral experiment on his side and saw it differently. There were other people as well that had argued that they, they could prove the ether.


One of them actually went on top of a mountain and ran the experiment there compared to sea level. And why is this similar? 'cause this is basically the equivalent of If you see a difference between at sea level and versus in the, in the on a mountain, the same thing is flipping the experiment on its side, right? 'cause the difference is your altitude here or your height away from the ground. And then you can start to see that there must be a connection there to gravity because the further up you go the less gravity you feel, right? And so now you start to see that maybe there is a unification theory where we have this ether that's out there has unlimited energy. That is what we need for electromagnetic wave to traverse because all waves require a medium. And that the reason why we don't perceive this ether is because it's at the plank scale.


The smallest possible scales that are out there, much, much many orders of magnitude smaller than even electrons. And this has actually already been phy, physically figured out for almost a hundred years. So when I started digging into the science and finding these papers and watching these engineers who I now revere, I just started going, holy crap, this has been out there for that long. Calusa in 1919 proposed an electromagnetic gravity unification theory and there was some issues with it. So Klein came in and they fixed it up. So in 2026 it was approved out there. And what they did was they unified these theories through an extra dimension.


Ov who is a Russian physicist, 19 67, 19 68, he helped develop atomic bombs and new and hydrogen bombs for the Russians. Theorized that zero point energy, zero point energy is basically what the ether is made up of, could explain gravity. Harold Poff, Hal Poff, he's well known in the UFO community. They've tried to discredit him. If you read his Wikipedia page, it's disgusting what they try to do to this guy. 1989, he comes out and takes soccer Rob's theory and says this is correct. I can show mathematically that it can, that zero point energy can explain gravity and that it, we can explain why there's no negative mass and it can all be unified correctly with math all lining up.


Exactly. The key takeaways from his paper, which everybody needs to read, gravity is a zero point fluctuation force is that gravity is not a fundamental force. It's actually a induced effect from this zero point energy field that we're always in all the time. And he says that we can shield electromagnetic waves in a faraday cage. Like If you remember enemy of the state Gene Hackman's in this cage where he is blocking the electromagnetic waves so the spy agencies can't find him. That's a Faraday cage, but you can't shield gravity. And the reason why you can't shield gravity is 'cause it's happening at that plank scale, the zero point energy scale that's out there.


And so this paper really takes the concepts and mathematically shows that it's legit. And this was 1989 going out there. And If you read how POV's scientific papers, I, I kind of went down this rabbit hole of reading this stuff and when I got to Hal Poff, it was kind of the same, I call it ysi moment that I had with Edward Seal. You read his papers after that and it's like, I would bet you any amount of money this guy has seen some floaty orbs, right? Because next paper he's working with other people talking about, well zero point energy also explains inertia, which essentially is like what resistance we feel when we walk around.


And even if we were in outer space, we would still feel that resistance because we're constantly walking through the zero point energy field. So another good way to think about, it's like when I hold this cup, the reason why my hand doesn't go directly through the cup is 'cause the electromagnetic force of the electrons when I hit it is repelling my fingers here and it's all made up of ferion. So ferion have to have different points in space and time as opposed to a boon where it can collapse down onto a single point like a laser for example. So if we now realize that the zero point energy field can explain gravity and it can also explain inertia then, and we know that we can't shield the gravity.


Well what happens if we shield the zero point energy field itself? If we take that zero point energy field and we make a bubble around it, you start to realize, well there would be no inertia then anymore because inertia is the zero point energy field. And what if we remove the zero point energy that's in front of, or the zero point energy that's in front of me? Well I'm gonna have a pressure where I fall into that field where I, where I make that, that that space basically in front of me that has no zero point energy. And for people that think like I, I used to think like well zero point energy is a sci-fi concept or what have you, but it's actually experimentally proven. The number one thing that I see referenced in all of Hal POV's papers is the Casre effect and what they did with what Hendrick Kasmir did in 1948.


And again, these dates are important 'cause you're like, this is a long time ago. He just took two conductive plates and he put them very close together to one another and what happened? They stuck together. If space is empty, why would that happen? Right? If there's nothing there that shouldn't happen. The reason why that happens is because certain wavelengths of the zero point energy can't fit between the area, between the plates. And So it creates a negative pressure differential. There's less pressure between the plates than on the outside. And that's what causes them to stick together. And so this is the part where people looked at that and they go, huh, is that negative energy? Is is because, is maybe we're looking at the issue of negative energy wrong.


Maybe it's not this exotic purple substance or whatever that's out there. Maybe it's just the absence of the zero point energy out there. What I would want people to think of is this classical view of physics would say you're in an ocean that has no water in it. You're at the, the bottom of the bed down here. There's nothing there to give the quantum mechanics interpretation say the the, the lake or the ocean is completely full. And we are at the surface of it in the equilibrium of that energy. And when you look at it like this, you go, okay, well I can add energy to it and I'm gonna experience what we think of as gravity like that the earth is feeling on now. But you could also suck away some of that energy.


And if I pull that away, that's negative energy. At the end of the day it's all just normal energy. It's just a matter of from the equilibrium level, if you're above the equilibrium or you're below the equilibrium. And so this is also what Drac proposed and t Henry Moray wrote a book called The Sea of Energy. But Drac proposed this idea of a drac hole, which is this idea that you can maybe all energy comes from this zero point field and you can pull that energy out, pull that energy out, and now it becomes real energy that we can interact with on a daily basis. So this is what's so revolutionary because when you Think about this, this is how I realized, oh free energy is not possible because there's something there to give.


And they've done experiments like the dynamic chasm mirror effect, which would say they take these rotating mirrors and they have them spin around very, very rapidly. And even conventional physics will say that these virtual particles are popping into existence all the time. What the dynamic casmi effect does is essentially capture them, is that in that split second where they're, you know, into existence, they bounce off the mirrors and they become real photons, real electromagnetic energy that gets just pulled directly out of the ether. A lot of the physicists that are watching this right now are people who are skeptical are gonna say, well I was taught that there was nothing there to give and I was taught that this shouldn't be possible due to the laws of thermodynamics.


They're gonna say you can't get free energy because energy's not created or destroyed according to the first law of thermodynamics. And we know that that's not a problem because we just take a perspective or change our perspective saying there's nothing there to give to. Now there's this huge sea of energy that's out there. And even classical physics will say that we have these virtual particles and that we don't know what dark energy or dark matter is, but we need dark energy to explain how the universe could to expand the way it is. And physicists have historically said the dark energy must be negative based on the equations. So now you're starting to see that okay, this sea of energy is negative energy, this can explain dark energy.


And there's also this idea that came, I believe it came from John Archibald Wheeler, that the quantum foam and the quantum foam is that sea of energy that's out there. The way to think of it conceptually with respect to zero point energy is imagine that space is not empty, but instead tiny bubbles that are there and they're all touching each other all the time and then we're moving through them like we are just fish in the fish tank out there. And once you look at it from that perspective, it becomes a lot more obvious. The second law of thermodynamics, it's a little bit more vague, but it's basically saying that no system can be perfectly efficient, no closed system 'cause you're always gonna lose a little bit of energy due to heat entropy.


Well, in this type of situation, all we have to do is take pacman's mouth and open up our system. The analogy I'd love to use is that of a windmill. If you just put a windmill somewhere like in this house, it's not gonna do anything right? That system itself isn't gonna produce any energy. But If you open that system up to wind and you insert that wind into your system, now you can produce as much energy as you can with wind. The as much wind that can be produced. This is the same concept as open your system up to the ether, to the direct sea of energy that's out there. Now you have this capability, we have an unlimited reservoir of energy out there. Some people say it's like 10 to the 100 power, a hundred zeros after 10 of energy that we can extract.


So it's like taking a thimble and trying to empty the ocean full of the energy. It would never happen. And the moment you pull a little energy out of there, it kind of self equalizes right away. Like you know, the water kind of collapses onto that location and fills that location back up right away. So we can get around both the first and second laws of thermodynamics just by doing that. And the other concept that I wanna throw at you real quick and then I wanna hear your thoughts are where does energy even come from? Like if the energy is coming from there, how does energy even really work? And I wanna shout out Tom Bearden, who's one of the legends of engineers.


He was lieutenant colonel, worked in black projects for decades. He put so much stuff on the internet and videos on the internet because I think he knew like one day people are gonna realize this stuff's true. And one of the big quotes he said is that all the coal and oil we've ever burned, all the wind and solar power that's out there has never added one watt to the electric lines, to the power lines, to the grid. And you're like, Hmm, what? What is that? That's weird. What does that mean? And he says that all we need to have energy flow is a dipole, imagine a battery or a capacitor. What is that? It's just an asymmetry. It means we have more negative charge on one side than on the other.


And when you connect it to a circuit, it begins to flow and try to equalize it. It's like trying to take the long route home. And once it all equalizes and becomes neutral, the energy stops our dipole closes. So he says the answer to this is keep your dipole open as long as you have an asymmetry, a capacitor, a battery that has your more negative charge than one side, the other energy's gonna keep flowing out there. And he says, what we've been doing wrong this whole time is we're we're destroying our dipole over and over again. We should think about the problem completely differently. What I tell people and the analogy I give is like if I push somebody on a swing, I don't constantly push on the swing back and forth, right?


That would be silly. That's inefficient. I wait for the swing to come back and then I push on the swing and I push on the swing in a resonance, right? Every time it comes back. And you could, If you graph it on a timestamp, you could see push, push, push, push. That's basically what he says that we need to do as well is that we need to pulse a current potentially into our system. If we look at it differently instead of pushing all the time and just push at a certain point, then potentially we can keep our dipole open much more efficiently than conventional power systems work right now. But last thing I'll say is that I don't think people even realize how power plants work like a nuclear power plant. I think a lot of people have this idea of like, oh, we're splitting an atom and then the electricity comes out of the atom and we're, we're extracting that and that would seem efficient if that was the case.


That's not what we do at all. We basically put some material into a water, it boils the water, the steam comes out of the water and then it spins a turbine and that turbine's basically a generator where it's like I could just hand crank a generator. And that generator creates the asymmetry of the chargers, creates our dipole there. And this is what I think Tesla figured out. I think he figured it out over a hundred years ago. I think many other people have figured it out. I think a lot of these over unity free energy devices that people have discredited really do work.


Do you all back taxes. Pandemic relief is now over the IRS is hiring thousands of new agents and field officers and has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They're not your friends tax network. USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. They can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal taxes, even If you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burdens. Call 1 809 8 5 1000 for a private free consultation or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. That's tn usa.com/ Candace.


A lot of these people ended up dead or in prison too. Yes, once you start looking into anything that would have moved humanity forward, these, they're all called quacks. They're imprisoned for fraud, which is a very strange thing to do in a free market to imprison someone for fraud. And it gets very interesting very quick when you start to, once you know what you're looking for and you realize that there has been some sort of a government conspiracy to keep information from us. In fact, one of the things that I say is when you really start getting into history, you realize that enlightenment they tell you about was actually the dawn of humanity being darkened. Like it's, it's actually these, we are in the dark ages I think right now. And when somebody pops their head up and starts to look and says, Hey, we could just be doing this And that, what's scary?


'cause it Comes down on them, the whole system comes down on them. Absolutely. You know, who is the system? That's a big question I asked too. 'cause I think it's more than just the government. I actually like the term deep state, but I don't think we should be thinking on in terms of just the ccia A certainly the CCIA A is part of it, I think. No doubt whatsoever. I think they know basically everything that's out there. But the large corporations, right? I think that the two, Well, I think they are of the cia, that's my point, right? Oh yeah. Like all these stories of like, oh it was just in my garage and I made Google. Yeah. And I'm like, I don't think that's exactly how it happened actually, I don't think You are actually the CI helped fund Google Earth, which is kind of interesting. The CIA also fund Palantir, which Peter Thiel is the same thing head of, I mean you look at this new sea that really what we're dealing with is very connected people that are very rich, that are, I mean honestly, even Elon Musk who refuses to comment about these videos, he's one of the biggest defense contractors for the US government through SpaceX.


He actually just sent up more spy satellites. They're, they're putting a new constellation up actually of satellites that are smaller and many more of them because they're afraid that Russia and China, you're gonna use electromagnetic based weapons to wipe out our satellites and then our constellation is screwed. So they're now like basically diversifying their risk by putting more out there. Which is why I think these guys can't talk about a lot of the surveillance stuff because he's got NDAs that he like if those videos are real and that's a satellite video, he, his DA says he can't speak about it, right? Which makes me, I, I'm not, and I look, I understand it from these kind of perspective, from Elon Musk's perspective, the Lou Elizondo, these other UFO people is that free energy is dangerous because If you do have this capability to just pull energy straight out of the ether that's out there, you can just accumulate that energy.


Or what if we can amplify how much we pull out of there. Maybe plasma, like a plasma orb can basically just, you use the re same resonance. Like if I was in my bathtub and I'm taking a bath and I start rocking back and forth, you know, at a resonance, eventually the water's gonna start shooting over the side of the tub, right? It starts to amplify more and more and more and more and more through like standing waves potentially. So If you can do that with energy as well, potentially using that same chasm, mere effect, but we don't need to use two plates. We can engineer it a little bit differently. What if there's other ways where we can find an asymmetry? And if we can do that, it becomes dangerous.


This is where I spoke to Salvato PaaS, big shout out to him. Everybody should take a look at his patents because he's got high frequency gravitational wave generator. He's got inertial mass reduction for a transmedium craft is one of his patents. He's also got plasma confinement based on magnets as well. And there are like a bunch of experiments you can see on the internet. But the guy who should really get a lot of shout, this guy named Ken Shoulders. Ken Shoulders actually Richard Feinman was the person who said that there's enough energy like in this cup, just in the area of this cup, in the zero point energy to vaporize all the earth's oceans.


So he was one of those people that was saying, there's not nothing here. There's this huge amount. Ken's shoulders was researching plasmas. He called them exotic vacuum objects because he believed that they were extracting energy from the vacuum. And Richard Feynman initially thought he was kind of kooky that he didn't have it figured out. He ended up having to apologize to him because he was like, no, but you're actually, you're right. We can do this. Well Hal Poff wrote a paper with coal where they showed that casre effect does not violate laws thermodynamics. And one thing he said, there is a better mechanism for the casre effect might be a highly charged plasma. Now, when you look into Ken's shoulder's work of exotic vacuum objects, you find out that one of the things that happens in these plasmas, which is the forced state of matter, is the electrons start to break free.


Not only do they break free, but they start to act weird. Normally, like I said before, the electrons will basically repel one another because they have the same charge. So they will potentially, you know, the closer you get, the more they're gonna repel one another. But when they start to break free and in superconductivity they form Cooper pairs we call them, which is basically the electrons start to group up when they really shouldn't. Now why is this important? Because remember what I just said about the dipole in the capacitor. If you have this asymmetry where your electrons are grouped up and, and now you have this asymmetry, there's more down here than there is up here, you're gonna get energy flowing. So Ken shoulders found out or proposed that you could have basically a self-sustaining ball of plasma that is constantly pulling energy directly outta the ether.


And the dynamic casmi effect cons along with the swinger effect. And the swinger limit would propose that when we do this, where we pull these photons out of the ether, it may create a magnetic monopole. Now a mag magnet monopole, If you look at a magnet, it's gonna have these magnetic field lines that go from north to south. A magnetic monopole is just a north or just a south, meaning it's just pulling inward or just pushing outward. And this can be used to very accurately control a magnetic field. So now when we look at that thermal video of the orbs that we are looking at mh 3 7 0, based on what I've said to you right now, it's like, well wow, we can almost explain everything that we're seeing here.


Now we can say that this is a field of plasma, this ball, it's a non-radiating barrier. The edge of it is basically where the magnetic field stops, so to speak. You can even see a heat signature that's shaped like the Tesla sign in there, which could be like a vortex, which is where, you know, think of it like your drain when you pull the water outta your tub and then you see the drain. Same concept, but between what we perceive all around us and this ether that's going on there. And then with respect to these dark lines we see in front of the orbs, that's basically just negative energy. They're, they're basically shielding the zero point energy in front of the orb, which allows it to just float freely.


Similar to if like I was on one of those like conveyor belt things, right? It's not that me that's moving it's space itself that's moving. So they're essentially an alco berry warp drive, I would argue. And warp drive doesn't have to be super luminal speeds beyond the speed of light. It can also be any speed that you technically want it to go. And then what's happening when the plane disappears? Well now these same orbs converge on the plane and now that we've shown that there's this zero point energy connection to gravity, we can see that what if we look at the Lums law, which is a electric force law.


If you imagine those orbs are magnets and they have the same, each has the same charge. If I were to jam two magnets together, I'm gonna feel strong repulsive force. Potentially. That's what the orbs are doing when they're converging. 'cause they're in a perfect equilateral triangle. So at the midpoint there, you're gonna have your, your zero point as they call it, where everything's gonna converge directly on the plane. So that would be the exact center of the singularity that you're forming. And prote potentially they're producing a magnetic flux that's so powerful by jamming 'em together at a certain speed that it breaks space time, so to speak. Like just makes a ripple, so to speak, as you were saying in terms of surfing. And now that plane moves faster than the speed of light.


And it doesn't move faster than the speed of light itself. But it, from outside perspective, looking at it, it's looking like it's moving faster than the speed of light. It just disappears here and then shows up over here somewhere else. And it's not the plane that's moving, but the medium that's moving from one location to the other. And it looks weird to us because we don't perceive that extra dimension that's already out there. Interesting. So then if they're able to do this, which I think they are, and they sort of use this technology to move the plane, what do you think happened to the passengers? What do you think happened to the cargo and what do you think happened as well?


Do you think that's the reason, rather that the debris was found where it was? Yeah, So I would argue it could even be the fire or it could be the event that caused some structural integrity to the plane for sure. I think that If you use the right hand rule in electrical engineering, which takes your electric and your magnetic fields, and you create something called the pointing vector, which would determine the flow of, of power or the vector of your, your wave, you can see these orbs actually change their orientation. They're in this triangle formation, spinning around the plane, but then they go vertical, completely vertical. And you're like, huh, that's interesting. And it starts spinning. If you were looking directly at the plane, they would be going clockwise. And If you use that as your magnetic vector and your curl of my hands here, you'll find that the pointing vector would be backwards.


Now this is really interesting because If you take the the frame right before, as the orders are converging and the frame as the first this dark, cold endothermic event happens, which is potentially consistent with a negative energy type event happening, it looks like the plane goes backwards a little bit. You can kind of see the tail sticking out of this endothermic event that begins to form. And if it's going backwards, we've mapped the direction of travel plane based on the satellite coordinates going east. So that would mean it must be going somewhere to the west. Well, this is interesting because that fire suppression bottle was found in the Maldives over to the west. There was actually 20 more witnesses, 15 to 20 more witnesses on a small island in the Maldives in the early morning hours that saw the plane.


And they were also all discredited because they said, well, there's no way they saw the plane coming from the west. And people thought, well, even if this was the plane, it had to be coming from the East. 'cause that's where Nick Bar Islands is, or in the South Indian Ocean. But if this plane is just snapping from one location to the other, now they might have actually seen the plane. These are people on a small island of like 3000 people. They don't see jumbo jets right in low over their thing. They even saw the red and white stripe of Malaysian Airlines. Wow. Sergio Duo, I think his name is, went out there and interviewed them. I watched the interviews. These guys are not, they're not lying. They're not making up this story For What? Yeah, for what reason and Where did they see the plane go south towards Diego Garcia military base. Fascinating the argument.


This is the base that all the conspiracy theories basically said, this plane got remote controlled there, or what have you. Mark Dugin, who's a famous French author, actually was told to stop looking into the plane. And he had speculated the plane ended up there as well, like months after this thing disappeared. Catherine t that witness that we said, I think it was in her 2008 blog 18 blog, said that she thought the plane ended up at Diego Garcia. It's the only place to hide a plane. And then when you look at that debris drift analysis, again, you realize a much better location for that debris to have gotten in the water is Diego Garcia. It actually fits with occurrence and it would make sense in terms of when that debris showed up in Africa as well.


And I look at that and I go, we actually looked at the debris analysis that they did, and like at least five different pieces say it looked like the pieces were pulled apart. And I'm going, that doesn't sound like structural integrity. It sounds like they just disassembled the plane and threw a couple pieces in the ocean. Right? And nobody questions like, why does this debris show up in Africa? CNN Man, first of all, Don Lemon, shout out to Don Lemon. He might have been the most accurate. It's not technically a black hole, but wormhole is pretty close to a black hole. The only difference is there's no event horizon, which means that for the people that went through it, it would look like they're just walking through a doorway. Yeah. Like you instantly appear on the other side.


But from the observer's perspective, there might even be a time dilation effect where they show up like a few minutes later, a few seconds later, a few hours later. It's really hard to tell. But CNN also ran this other piece where like they angrily mentioned like there's, there's this conspiracy theory out there. The plane went to Diego Garcia, there's no merit to it whatsoever, but they don't actually address any of the arguments either. What if it was hijacking or terrorism or mechanical failure or pilot error? But what if it was something fully that we don't really understand? A lot of people have been asking about that, about black holes and on and on and on, and all of these conspiracy theories. Let's look at this. Noah says, what else can you think about Black Hole, Bermuda Triangle?


And then Deje says, huh, just like the movie Lost. And of course it's also, they're also referencing the Twilight Zone, which is a very similar plot. That's what people are saying. I know it's preposterous, but is it preposterous, you think Mary? Well, it is. A black hole is about, you know, a small black hole would suck in our entire universe. So we know it's not that Muter Triangle is often weather and lost is a TV show, right? So I think I always like things for which there's data history, crunch the numbers. So for me, those aren't there. But I think it's wonderful that the whole world is trying to help with their theories. And I absolutely love the theories. That's, I always say, yeah, it's classic, right? Yeah. We always know you're onto it because they're angry about something that shouldn't make them angry.


Yeah, exactly. And it's authoritarian, it's not rational and it's just, you're really stupid If you think this and that should be a starting point. Look, we have covered so much here. This is absolutely fascinating and I wanna encourage everybody that's watching this to follow you. Where can they follow you and continue to look into this story if they wanna know more? Yeah, so the best place to follow me is on Twitter on X. I feel like if I was anywhere else, I would've probably already been banned and wiped out. I'm actually surprised my YouTube channel hasn't been deleted. But that's mostly because I think I, I focus on the science now at this point. So you guys can watch my live streams Monday, Wednesday, Friday, talk about the plane, talk about secret science's being held from us.


Talk about free energy on Fridays as well. And then on X, it's at just x Ashton, also at just x Ashton on YouTube as well. I am gonna start posting clips from a lot of the appearances I've done. I've done like over a hundred podcast appearances on TikTok and Instagram. Not that I love it, but If you want to interact with me, you come onto Twitter for sure. Yeah. Ashton, thank you so much for joining us. This has honestly been one of my favorite conversations that I've ever had. Thank you, Candace, I appreciate it. You're, you're awesome.