
America Seniors talk about Medicare Advantage. I have a Medicare Advantage plan and I depend on it every day. Please, president Trump, Secure and protect Medicare Advantage. Learn more@supportmedicareadvantage.com. Paid for by Better Medicare Alliance.


All right, you guys. Happy Friday. I'm saying Happy Friday, but actually I'm a little bit angry and I'm trying to calm down. Okay, because the text messages that have now made their way into the public fodder regarding yesterday, we did a whole episode explaining that there was a journalist, allegedly just a mommy blogger who was working on a hit piece about me. Well, these text messages actually reveal that that hit piece was being overseen by former journalist Olivia Nazi. Now, If you don't know that name, she is the young lady who had a, what was described as a digital affair with RFK Junior, the Maha Man, before she was let go by New York Magazine, which brings us back to RFK Junior in general.


And I feel like it's a great time to discuss him and his bizarre, almost reflexive like support of people. But I would think that anyone interested in health would find a testable like Rabbi Schmoley for an example. What exactly is going on with the Maha movement? Why does it seem like it's been somewhat hijacked? We should discuss all of those things today, especially while we're covering a FK assassination files, right? Also, Jessica Mann, it's been a busy Friday. The woman who put Harvey away for three years has publicly reached out to me, and she had a lot to say after opting to make her profile public. And we were waiting for that. People who were asking, why did you suspend the Harvey series?


We knew she was trying to make contact, make contact, and it was the right thing to do. And all I'm gonna say on this Friday is that I hope everybody who is engaging themselves and their lives in lives knows that in the end, truth is going to win. Welcome back to Candace. Okay, I kind of wanna unpack these this a lot today. I guess I'm going to unpack it slowly is what I'm trying to say, because I know there are a lot of people who watch me internationally, and sometimes I wanna make sure that we're not way too in the details.


And it still makes sense to you because there are very severe implications of what's happening in America. Obviously we used that captioned one nation under blackmail for a reason. We've been speaking about a lot about blackmail on the show as we go through the JFK files. And yesterday we left off, and I was telling you about this mommy blogger, and some of you guys didn't understand why we were getting into this. You thought she was just some jealous woman, middle aged woman who went a little nutty attacking me for inexplicable reasons. We explained to you that her name is Jessica Reed Krause. She has four children. And I had assumed initially that there really was nothing sinister that was happening here.


Perhaps many too many drinks and some weird midlife crisis, jealousy that was going on. And I wasn't really suited to diagnose her. I was really laughing through the entire thing because everything she was writing was just like I said, so nutty. It was crazy accusing me of having hidden wealth and saying, she's gonna expose me going after her best friends. I mean, she got even crazier on Instagram. It just seemed like everything was coming down for her. And I am here today to tell you that I was wrong. There was a lot more going on here than initially met the eye. And it is so much more complicated and more demented than I could have ever imagined, especially when you start to realize this woman has access to Donald Trump and she's bragging about it and she's talking about her White House sources and accusing me of anti sem, anti-Semitism.


And I now believe that this involves RFK Junior and the Maha movement, and we're gonna go there because I really don't care. Okay, So I'm gonna recap a couple of things for you. Her online moniker, Jessica Reid Krause is house in habit. She's been around for years and only kind of made her way into the MAGA movement recently when she said sort of, I used to be a far left leaning liberal feminist, and some people woke me up about it and the MAGA movement could not have been more welcoming to her. And it was basically she said the story of her husband that made her realize that something was amiss. And generally speaking, I have, you probably have realized I've abstained a lot from politics because when you get up close to a lot of these people, everyone's just kind of a liar and how they position themselves and trying to care about family values, and you find out everybody's drinking and drunk and sleeping with one another.


And I just sort of had enough of that when I started my family and I pulled away. And remarkably, it has not stopped. People from trying to attack me and my family just make me a victim. I have felt very protected, especially as I've dedicated rededicated my life, I should say to God. But it is something that I have noticed has increased over the last year or so, especially since I've gone independent, particularly when we were speaking about House and Habit. The reason we were covering her is because she published a blog in which he accused me and rather conspicuously Tucker Carlson and Ian Carroll. So If you don't remember Ian Carroll, he went on Joe Rogan. He also had this back forth with Elon Musk that went viral.


He has asserted himself as a person who was on TikTok. Literally, he started going down the grocery aisles and being like, who owns all of these junk food brands? And then he started taking a look at some old conspiracies and has really made a name for himself as someone who is willing to speak out against Israel and has amassed a following of millions. Okay? And it was interesting that in one fell swoop, she decided to go after me. Tucker Carlson and Ian Carroll, and the things that she said about us were either weird or just factually untrue. She accused Tucker Carlson of being an Iranian propagandist as an example in this piece.


What was strange about that is she was almost mining the trust of her of viewers, her readers, and being like, and I liked Tucker Carlson, and what was random about the slight was that similar to me, Tucker Carlson had been so nice to her leading up to this moment. He had been overly kind to her. She got to go backstage with him when he was on tour, and she wrote a glowing piece about her, about Tucker Carlson in her substack in October of last year. Literally, this was published in October of last year, backstage with Tucker Carlson and Alex Jones. And similarly, this mommy blogger when she went on stage and was invited to speak about her transformation, she gave a speech and she spoke to people and did podcasts claiming that it me, Candace Owens saved her marriage and made her wake up to things and realign her beliefs.


So I want you to take a listen to that clip of her, and she is speaking with Alex Clark of Turning Point USA, take a listen. It was Candace and I had always liked her, like even as a liberal, I hated the things she was saying, but I liked the way she said 'em. Why? What is it about the way she says it? Well, I think she's, you know, it's like it's the art of everything. The art of storytelling, the art of gossip, the art of argument. And she's a great, she's good at what she does. She can defend herself. You can hate it, you can not agree with it, but she is always able to defend her point with, you know. So is it fair to say Candace Owens saved my marriage? Is she here true? Again, I feel like I need to send her a, a fruit basket or something.


She wanted to send me a fruit basket. She similarly wrote a glowing piece about me after profiling me in January, reached out to my publicist, said that we should do more work together. Mom should stick together. And then magically, guys, this is really important. Magically, like somebody just flipped a switch, something changed the last couple of weeks. She was suddenly using her substack to lightly suggest to people again, she's earned their trust that they really shouldn't consider my content. And Tucker Carlson's an Iran, Iran Iranian, and the last person, Ian Carroll that she went after, she just lied about, okay, in her Substack piece, she outright lies about him. She claims he stole Whitney Webb's work and didn't properly attribute her, which is just wild.


I mean, when Ian Carroll went on Joe Rogan, he spoke extensively about Whitney Webb. He promoted her book, he promoted it on a thread on Twitter. And I thought that actually Whitney Webb's response was rather inglorious like she was saying. Well, he didn't perfectly quote my tome of a book, and he was so gracious about it and said, I'm sorry if I made any mistakes. So it was just a weird set of attacks because I'm going, what does Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens and Ian Carol have in common, especially to then say something as petty as I'm copying, I'm copying her and trying to rebrand that in and of itself to me, registered as a conspiracy. Because something you should know about neocons, the Forever War send American sons and daughters to die perpetually overseas and lands and territories that they don't recognize is that one thing that they have in common is that you must worship Israel, a foreign state.


And here you have three independent voices who are being smeared and libel who don't do that, and who truly are not being controlled by anybody else despite the implications of these pieces. Well, yesterday, actually, rather it was this morning, yesterday, last night I heard about it, we discovered something that was quite shocking and I would say conspiratorial indeed. Okay, so the writer who was told, who came forward to me and said that she was told to work on a larger piece and she admitted I didn't like you, I had beef with you. Anyways, but then House inhabit Jessica Reed kras came to me and asked me to work on a larger piece about you and Megan McCain, Neo Kahn, number one, whose dad just sort of murdered everybody in the Middle East so that she could live comfortably with her children.


Okay? John McCain's daughter was salivating in the background wanting to read this piece, right? Wanted to just see a hit piece done on Candace. And I thought, this is kind of like stupid stuff. And Megan McCain has hated me forever. Who cares? That woman, Emily Hagen was very forthcoming and I think quite honest about the fact, but she was really just sort of possessed with a demon and wanted to take me down and said that the environment that was fostered working for Jessica Reed Krause kind of allowed for that climb on top of each other, try to hurt people, and this is the way we're going to get to the top. Okay? Then what happens next was a little bit murky. Now, she had told me, Emily told me that it was her who opted to take the piece down.


Like I am the writer, Emily, I am writing this hit piece on Candace. And the hit piece itself got quite conspiratorial because there wasn't anything that she needed to write. Okay? So Emily told me she wanted to take the piece down, but house inhabit yesterday, Jessica Reese Kraus was telling the people, no, she was the one who killed the piece. It was me. I killed it on my own substack because I didn't think it was well written enough. This is what she said on Instagram. Last thing I'll say, I killed the hit piece on Candace. Emily knows that she even has a copy of the scrapped article if Candace wants to read it, it was too slanderous to post. I explained this to her and she went crazy on me.


Then I tried to connect Jess Mann to Candace to give additional insight to the story, but Jess later declined. I never hated Candace, I still don't. So she was still trying to paint herself to be the hero of the story where she called for this hippies to be be wrote, written, but then when she read it, it was too slanderous and she killed it and wrote a softer hit piece via a newsletter. None of it made any sense, but I was like, you know what? It's getting too in the weeds for me. I need to get on and move on in my life. Her side, her side, who knows what the truth is. But then finally it emerged. It emerged. And it's actually really important because Emily then released the text messages showing exactly how the piece ended. And I'm going to show you this message because it makes my blood positively boil because it's everything that we say about journalists, okay?


This is a text message chain between Jessica Reed Krause, the owner of the Substack, and Emily Hagan, Jessica Reed. Krause writes, so she reads it, we don't know who she is right now, and says that we absolutely cannot publish it as is. She says, it sounds too conspiratorial and it's too all over. She thinks it needs to be fine tuned and there are really good points to be made with less. She offered to edit it but would not want anyone to know. She would edit in office. She said it's two four chan or whatever. Emily writes back, Jessica, I'm not even finished and I'm over it. So she's right now saying, I'm over it, I don't wanna do it.


House inhabit to Jessica Reed Kraus writes back, she said It should be a clean shot to be impactful. This just makes me, but she said it should be a clean shot. They are speaking about me and my life and a a a doctored article that they're gonna try to make. Look real, you know, Allah, I'm now the Justin Bald who is like reading messages about people who are going, we need to make it sound real. We don't have, we can't find anything on Candace, but whatever we create on Candace, and this is the storyline I told you we're working on trying to like Andrew Tify my life when I have been so honest about the lack, like I just, I literally have seen Tate five times.


I understand his platform. I understand why young men follow him and I'm sorry that I know how to read culture, but they were working on this piece going to release a conspiracy about me because they couldn't find anything of substance. And when the, she was revealed of who was overseeing this piece and who was going to personally edit it, we found out that this person was Olivia Nazi clean shot. Olivia Nzi said it needs to be a clean shot. They are speaking like they are an assassination hit squad. So who called the shot? Why? If this is supposed to be Jessica Reed Krause's little mommy blog, is there somebody more senior to her calling the shots and saying, I will personally edit this because this needs to be a clean shot on Candace Owens.


Do you guys understand how demented that is? It absolutely infuriates me. They are talking about someone who they know is about to give birth imminently. Okay? They are dragging my publicist to a dinner or a lunch, whatever it was, putting a carrot on the stick saying, oh, Harvey Weinstein's person who put him in prison wants to speak to you, we're thinking it's all friendly. And they're going, no, we need to kill this buck and we need to make sure it's a clean shot. So yeah, this girl's telling the truth, she was not happy about the fact that Olivia Nazi was involved in the piece. Here's the second page of the text messages, and she writes back to her, and you're gonna be shocked about what we were gonna tell you about Olivia Nazi.


Emily writes back and says, have Olivia write it. I am over the story. Sorry, LOL. So yes, the writer herself killed the piece. Jessica says, I don't care. I think it's fine to get opinions on stuff. And she writes again, I don't care about this topic anymore. It's old news. Then Jessica tries to save it says she liked a lot of it, says the other stuff takes away. Then she writes back and says, Emily says, it's not even effing done. I'm really annoyed that she's reading my draft. And Jessica says, I think that's not the point. And Jessica end it by saying, you are way too emotional over regular editing stuff. So the writer shut down the piece because she was annoyed that Olivia Nzi was jumping in on it.


And as she told me, she said, there wasn't any substance to it because we couldn't find anything on you. And I just said, this is boring. I don't wanna do this anymore. And then Jessica lies about that to her followers to pretend she killed the piece. She then messages my PR and says, I killed the piece. No, no, no, no. The writer was no longer down to publish it because Olivia Nazi was involved. Pull her up again. There's a picture of Olivia Nazi who is this human being who is Olivia Nazi, why is she calling shots clean shots on people like Candace Owens and directing and being some ghost hand behind the scenes? And it's not, once you understand who Olivia Nzi is, shocking that she would go after Tucker Carlson.


What's rather shocking is that Jessica Reed Kraus is bragging about how close she is to Donald Trump while having a person who is taking shots at real conservatives in this country. So I'm gonna tell you about Olivia Nazi. She was a correspondent for New York Magazine. Yes. The one that we just uncovered. That whole weird pedophile, senior writer sympathizer. She was a correspondent from New York Magazine from 2017 to 2024. So she had quite a long tenure there. Prior to that, she was a writer for The Daily Beast in 2016 covering Donald Trump and his presidential campaign. I mean, she's vehemently anti-Trump.


Here's some of her past writing for the Daily Beast, illegal voter truther Al Docs, 3 million Trump's Dark Forecast for America meets the mc of Trump's No glitz. Big day Trump vows disclosures gives garbage. Trump crushes the last never Trump dream. What Trump should have told the press, this girl is calling shots behind the scenes on someone who is close with Trump in the Trump campaign. Okay? And so, yeah, she had quite a long tenure at New York Magazine until in September of 2024. New York Magazine had to place her on leave after it was disclosed that she was having an affair with RFK Jr. Now, they both maintained at the time that this was clearly a sexting affair.


I now believe nothing that comes out of this woman's mouth because she sat across from I PR agents and pretended she had nothing to do with the house and habits flog like she didn't want, like she was encouraging her. Don't go after Candace. Oh, I'm just like a ditzy blonde. What's going on? So lemme tell you something about this young lady that you might find to be really interesting, different, really interesting. She doesn't come from money and she lost her job. And typically, If you don't come from money and you lose your job, it is not a time to make a cross country move into one of the wealthiest counties in the United States. But that's what she did after she lost her job for having an affair or sexting affair, whatever it's, they said.


And I was in, I was inclined to believe RFK Jr at the time because I've had a soft spot for him, which I'd like to harden a bit right now because he was the only source when I decided I didn't wanna vaccinate my children. And I'm not gonna take that away from him, his children Health Defense fund. I am not gonna be so petty as to pretend that he was literally the only website If you wanted to find information about vaccines and learn something different other than what pediatricians were telling you. You really only had RFK, Junior's Charity, children's Health Defense. And So I was excited about him joining the Trump administration because I have felt that the country has been too polarized and when it comes to children's health, we shouldn't be left or right.


Like moms do need to come together on this and take control and say that doctors have gone too far. And I was supportive of him in that capacity, supportive of him being a person to be brought on in this administration to tear up all the terrible things the CDC has done, which I believe believed to be a drug cartel. And so when this information came out about his little sexing scandal, I was inclined to believe him. I really was. That it was, and, and really to kind of look at this woman and say, who is she? Because I thought to myself, was this a honeypot scheme? Was, was this a person who, like her writings hates Trump so much that she will do anything to harm any person near him? I didn't cover it.


I didn't cover this at all. I don't think that the RFK junior sexting scandal because I didn't, it wasn't something that I personally had investigated and felt confident that I could speak out on. Here's what I do now feel confident that I could speak out on. So she loses her job and Olivia Nazi moves to Malibu, moves to Malibu, California. She moves cross country after being fired to an extraordinarily wealthy county. And you have to ask yourself, how did that happen? Who's paying for that? I mean, she could have had a good saving, she blew up her engagement for this alleged affair. You have to ask, how does someone who is unemployed just think that it's rational to make that sort of a decision? But baby, okay, want a new life, new air, whatever, go to California.


And another question that I have is now that we know that she does lie to people's faces is how much money is she making? Okay, how much money is she making? And who exactly is it that is funding her so that she can even afford to eat in Malibu? Right? Again, she could be running through her savings account, I don't know. But my suspicion was that Olivia was acting as an intentional honeypot. But then I learned some new things that have me asking more questions and I'm gonna share that with you. The first thing is that yesterday Jessica Reid Kraus was desperate to protect her identity. Okay? Now with everything going on with, we don't need to get into the nitty gritty, she's got her best friend of 14 years who she's exposing and telling people personal details about her, her former best friend's children.


She didn't care about defending her best friend or protecting her best friend. She was sending us dirt on her best friend. Actually, to the exact a contrary. But she did say to my PR agent, like, you know, Olivia Nuz doesn't need to be a part of this. We don't need to put Olivia nuz into this. I'm sorry, aren't you MAGA conservative now? Weren't you doing tons of substack about how awful Olivia was? Now you care to protect her. Okay, whatever. Let's not think too much into that. But the other element of this is super interesting. Olivia currently living in Malibu, which means now she doesn't live in a city, which means now she's gotta drive a car, is driving a car, she's driving a foreign car in Malibu and her license plates, and I'm not giving you the end of a license plates, but her real true license plates are, and I can show you here, RFK six six, blank blank.


Hmm hmm. That is some coincidence. I gotta tell you, I gotta tell you. Okay? Like I gotta tell you, it's a weird thing. Like it's not every day that your license plates reflect the sexting scandal that you just had. Okay? It's not every day Who purchased this foreign car? Who got this car to Malibu? Okay? It's a British car and your license plates are RFK and some numbers. What the hell is going on? Okay? You're being protected by the woman who should be wanting to take you down.


Who? The woman who takes photos with RF K's family, RF K's wife, right? And pretends that she just loves the Kennedy so much, why would she be hanging out with the mistress? Why is the mistress driving around in a car that has got RFKs name on the license plates? And by the way, I checked the YouTube rules. I should be able to show you the entire thing without being accused of doxing. But I don't wanna take any risk of this video being taken down because now we need to look further into RFK. We need to look further into what the hell is going on here, okay? And they know I'm coming, okay? They definitely know I'm coming because you know what? Olivia Nazi, you didn't take a clean effing shot.


The shot was not clean enough. It doesn't seem like you understand rules of the jungle. You were hunting someone and you didn't have the shot. And now I'm coming for you 100% because I find this whole thing now to wreak, to positively wreak. I am wondering who you are and who pays you to go after certain people and why it is that Ms. Jessica Reed Raus is bragging about her access to Trump and how much access she has. Now that we know how she operates in the night, which is vile, she's a vile creature. Reading messages about someone who is plotting against you, talking about how it needs to be a clean shot, knowing that they are manufacturing lies, makes you a sick and disturbed individual who no one should follow.


I wanna be very clear to correct that that is, that is actually Jessica Reed Krause's car that she's driving around and she's pretending that she got it a long time ago. And the car is not registered at our at all to California. And both of these women are liars. So I don't know whose car it is. I wanna be very clear. We have caught both of these women in multiple lies leading up to this. And all we know is that these two women are protecting one another and they're running a substack and going after conservatives and they have access to the president. And we don't know who is funding this. It was the car which we've looked into and it's not properly registered. Does that car actually belong to Jessica Reed Kraus?


And if it does, why is she lying about how she got that car? What, why is it not registered properly? And why is she driving around in this car with RFK Junior's? Mistress are are things weird here? Yes, they're very weird. And now suddenly Jessica Reid Krauss needs a break, you guys. She posted on her substack saying that she needs to take a step back and we're gonna read that. I mean, she tried to couch it and hide it by also using a quotation from Jessica Mann. We'll pull these two things apart. This is what she has to say. She writes to her many substack followers who are unsubscribing at the moment.


My instinct is always to wait until my emotions settle before writing to quote unquote explain. Writers are different than podcasters live media. Media thrives on immediate response. Words on pages meant to translate, experiences come slower and don't go viral. So while I can't expand on or engage with the Internet's version of events, the way it's spun and distorted, the very messy, very personal loss of a longtime friend and writer, I do wanna say this, I deeply regret how it's all played out. I regret my part and I have of course my reaction fired by pain.


There is so much behind the scenes that is fueled by, but I'm stunned by how much has been misconstrued to satisfy the audience of seething strangers and boost someone else's live views. She's actually accusing me, the person who survived or hit piece of just trying to boost my live views. Oh, I'm just trying to have a baby, Jessica. And you're orchestrating clean shots behind the scenes. Okay? I asked that a broken friendship not be dragged into a fight over an opinion piece, but that ask was twisted into something else too. You are a liar. I never wanted to quote go to war with Candace Owens. In many ways she's been an ally.


We agree on a lot. I regret how this feud unfolded. But I also know there are hard earned lessons here. When a major rupture hap happens, especially one that's ugly and an impossible to neatly explain. You see how quickly a narrative can take off how a viral attack can consume you while you're still processing private heartbreak. I mean, she's so full of it. In this case, it's often easier to surrender to the noise than to defend yourself. Because defending yourself means revealing private details that the internet does not deserve. That would shift the story entirely. There are major parts of this situation missing from the public view. Key elements are being manipulated to fit convenient narratives. And it's all very sad to watch.


I trust that you as readers know that the unspoken details are excluded for fair reason, marked by an unfortunate disconnect. In this chaos, I've chosen to step back and a way and let people draw conclusions from a limited perspective. They can trash me all they want moving forward. I can only control how I respond. And no, it's not easy. Okay? Okay. Jessica Reid Kraus, I believe none of that. Okay. You are not a victim here. That should have read is I am a total piece of crap who got caught being a crap, a piece of crap. And I apologize to my readers who believe that anything that I've ever done has ever been authentic, when really I was off to the highest bidder as soon as that bid was made available to me.


And we're now gonna find out what that bid was. We are going to find out, as I said, this car is not legally registered. Who actually owns that car? Is it Olivia Nazi Malibu or is it Jessica Reed Kraus in Malibu? And yeah, no, I'm not believing. Lightning struck. An RFK is on the plates of this car that you're driving around that is unregistered in Malibu. Okay? And not believing that your friendship with her, which you are fighting to protect from the public while taking down your actual friends is just, you know, out of the blue. There is something sinister going on here. And I wanna also add here that the irony in all this for me personally is last night I was thinking about my granddad.


And I still very much grieve my grandfather about, I would say every four months I just will just have a good cry about missing my grandfather. And it's not a sad cry. It's like just going through moments in my life and trying to imagine what his wisdom would be and what an honorable man he was. I thought to myself last night, the saddest part of a state of affairs today in America is we do not have honorable men. We don't have honorable men anymore. We have the most despicable, disgusting men and women pretending to lead the charge. People who are the most undeserving of platforms, the most undeserving of fans, and who will literally, literally say and do whatever behind the scenes.


If it means they get invited to the right party. We're disgusting. We will. We have just become a nation that is, that should hang its head in shame. Judas culture betrayal, backstabbing, harming one another, going after families who have done nothing to you for the sheer sport because someone says, I don't know, we gotta take down Candace Owens. And we know that that's a, there's a lot of that going on in DC but my grandfather was an honorable man and we are just now a culture of dishonor. Which brings me to RFK Jr because I would like to discuss him now after a brief break.


First, wanna throw it to tax network USA. 'cause we know the IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. In 2025, enforcement has ramped up and If you owe back taxes or you have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option. The longer that you do, the worse it's going to get. Ignoring your tax troubles is the worst thing you could possibly do. Getting ahead of this now is the smart move, but never, never contact the IRS alone. Instead, let the experts at tax network USA handle it for you. Not all tax resolution companies are the same Tax network USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, meaning that they know exactly which agents to deal with and which ones you should be avoiding. We've proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Talk with one of their strategists today, it is free. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or just visit tn usa.com/ Candace. That's visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


Also wanna remind you about Oracle because there is a growing expense that is eating into your company profits and that's your cloud computing bill. You may have gotten a deal to start, but now the spend is sky high and increasing every year. But If you could cut your cloud bill in half and improve performance at the same time, well you can. If you act by May 31st with Oracle Cloud infrastructure that can help you do just that. OCI is the next generation cloud designed for every workload load where you can run any application, including any AI projects, faster and more securely for less. In fact, Oracle has a a special pro promotion where you can cut your cloud bill in half when you switch to OCI. The savings are very real. On average OCI costs 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking. Join Modal Skydance animation and today's innovative AI tech companies who upgraded to OCI and you'll save. The offer is only for new US customers, unfortunately, who have a minimum financial commitment. So see If you qualify for half off at Oracle dot com slash Candace, that's Oracle dot com slash Candace.


Let's talk about RFK Jr. Because he's interesting. His movements at least we could definitely say have been interesting. And I'm gonna tell you what I've heard. And frankly you're hearing this stuff from Olivia Nazi. She's the one in the grapevine. I wanna be very clear here. So Olivia, you wanted to protect RFK Jr. I don't care what you wanted to protect, you were hunting the wrong buck. Okay? All bets are off now. So we discussed yesterday how we all kind of know who killed JFK, but we keep doing this weird song and dance in America like, like, dude, it's awkward. We don't wanna like say well like things are adding up and we've all, we've always known like we weren't really waiting for the release of these files to vindicate us. It's very clear. Why else would you lock something down for this long? It's very clear who was involved.


And the weirdest song in Dan and all that we're all doing at the moment is pretending that RFK Junior's unflinching loyalty. And quite frankly, his fear of saying anything negative about Israel is not bizarre. Okay, I'm gonna pull up Dave Smith here. Dave Smith has been just an incredible powerhouse. He was majorly supportive of RFK Jr as a candidate saying essentially, 'cause he's moderate like I like him because he doesn't like war. Like he is a libertarian and he has been a leader in the li in in in the libertarian movement for quite some time. Dave Smith. And he got blind RFK until he didn't. He, he felt like it was very weird that RFK had just this blind spot for Israel.


It was weird to him. And he calls him out. He calls him out right to his face. Skyler, let's pull that up. Dave Smith just calling out RFK Jr for this like remarkable hypocrisy while pretending to be anti-war, but also simultaneously like unwilling to say anything about the state of Israel. It it is the, the worst humanitarian catastrophe in the world right now. And the idea that you, who are supposed to be the anti NeoCon, anti-war presidential candidate are immediately on October 7th, before we even had an investigation, before we even knew what happened there. You immediately say what? Basically you said everything they say about Ukraine, you said it was an unprovoked attack, which like, come on, gimme a break, an attack from Gaza against Israel is unprovoked.


And then you said, we have to support them in whatever it takes. Well look sir, we're watching it right now. This is whatever it takes just women and children dying under rubble every day. You can't go on social media without seeing another video of some baby dying. This is what we are suppo after the last 20 years of disastrous wars. We gotta support the next one. And, and sir, this is, this is like a biblical level of evil. And, and why, why should we as Americans have to fund this? Why should we have to give them a blank check? I'm sorry. It's been long enough. And RK didn't have an acceptable answer and that was something that was one of the reasons why he was just not gonna be vocal in his support.


Dave Smith was not gonna be vocal in his support of RFK Jr. But he said the biggest thing was just the fact that he was hanging around Rabbi Schmoley. I mean like, this is like a thing that everybody just agrees on. He is just a filthy disgusting human man. And he made him a part of his campaign. This is a person who openly blackmails people. He's being sued right now from a wealthy Jewish family down in Miami before trying to extort them. He, he deals in extortion, in blackmail, in broad daylight and try to extort the owners of font and blue by calling them Nazi sympathizers. Everything that he did to me and everyone, he was just like a smear merchant. And RK Jr was just buddy buddy with him. Weird. And when I got into my most viral debate last year with him and he, I just let Rabbi Schley be Rabbi Schmo, I kinda just sat back and watched him be a demon.


RFK Jr randomly tweeted right after this debate, which everyone was just like, yeah, he got what he deserved. He's disgusting. Like nobody was defending rabbim, nobody. RFK Jr comes to his defense and spoke about the troubling rise of antisemitism. You, you gotta watch this debate because he did not in RFK Jr's tweet, it was almost like someone just took his phone and said this is what you gotta do. You know, I control you man. And even though you're not gonna rebut one thing Candace said, you just gotta call her antisemite and RFK Jr did it. So this is what he wrote about this, wrote this to me during her interview on Pi Morgan, Candace Owens inferred to what she called radical Judaism and characterized the iconic lubo rebe men sen as someone who preached Jewish supremacism and hatred of all non-Jews.


Yeah, no, I didn't say that. He's, he's putting that in quotation marks because to Israeli historians translated his words and that's what he taught. It's what he taught. It's just a fact. It's a fact. You don't get to just like unf fact that, I mean it's not my fault that people write books and tell the truth and he writes these words are sickening a manifestly an inaccurate description of a revered holy man who is respected and be loved by people of all faiths. So he goes onto this and talks about antisemitism, but here's where it gets interesting because this is before he got into office. Now RFK is in office and I'm thinking, okay, he had to defend his Rabbi Schmo buddy who just got destroyed in a debate, but he's kind of made anti-Semitism his focus.


This is a tweet from him that he recently sent out. Anti-Semitism, like racism is a spiritual and moral lady that sickens societies and kills people with lethal lethalities comparable to history's most deadly plagues in recent years of censorship and false narratives of woke cancel culture have transformed our great universities into greenhouses for this deadly and virulent pestilence making America healthy means, building communities of trust and mutual respect based on speech freedom and open debate. And then he included a link to the hhs.gov. So that's weird. And then he just decided that anti-Semitism is a health crisis. This is not what we put you, this is just not what we put you in office for.


I don't care. We need to debate any of this other than this is not what people put you in office for. We wanted you to go after vaccines, we wanted you to go after the CDC, we did not want you to establish anti-Semitism as a health crisis. And the Atlantic was right when they wrote this headline, make public health officials stay in their lane again, fighting anti-Semitism is an RFKs junior's job. Yes, that is correct. What are we even speaking about here? What, why is RK Junior feel like he's just being moved by Rabbi Schmoley in the background and not focused on what we put him in office for? Why is RFK Junior not the first person that's all over the JFK files? If he's gonna do some outside work outside of focusing on health and he's, he's really worried and and wants dedicate his time, I, I would think maybe looking into the JFK files and giving us some sort of a conclusion on what he thinks could be interesting.


Well that's not what he's doing. And so what's interesting is I, I have begun to wonder who's got something on RFK Junior and indeed as I said, because Olivia Nazi's got a big mouth when she's not busy hunting big buck, there is some interesting stories that are circulating in the background and it does again, Elise, according to what is circulating all throughout the PR world, thanks to Olivia Nazi and she wants to make sure she protects RFK, she's made that clear she wants to protect RFK. She doesn't want this stuff made public that there's some sexual black male in the background that's going on, some sexual interests in the background that's going on.


And lemme tell you, if Olivia nzi knows it, we could guess that some other people know it. I'm willing to guess a guy like Rabbi Schmoley would make sure that he knows it. And so I'm just finding this whole thing and the stuff that I've heard about RFK Jr and the stuff that I know Olivia Nzi has on him to be interesting in the context of the fact that she's operating hit pieces against conservatives. She hates Donald Trump and yet she's chummy chummy with someone who is within striking distance from Donald Trump. I find all of this to be very interesting. It should just be, should be publicized that there's weird sexual blackmail that is being discussed by Olivia Nazi about RFK Jr. She is a character that people need to pay more attention to.


And so what I have said is that I am very much looking forward to collaborating now with Ian Carroll since they were hunting us. I'm just trying to figure out what we can learn about Olivia Nazi. And so I'm openly saying to people if you know her, if you've worked with her, If you dated her anything, you can email us at info at Candace Owens dot com and tell us what you know 'cause I'm gonna focus on her. I just know where there's smoke, there's fire. And it seems to me that she, her odd protection of RFK Junior, her wanting to stay in the background as she edits pieces attacking certain people and all of them kind of happen to be people that say anything about Israel.


After I looked through all the JFK stuff, it ain't making me feel like, it's just not making me feel like this couldn't be, I don't know. I guess the best way to say it is like the last leg of the Zionist attack on influencers who they don't have influence over who just tell the public the truth and are willing to discuss the topics as they are. Just don't care what you're gonna call us anymore. 'cause you've called us everything, which is why you're now working on conspiratorial pieces and trying to make them look real. Maybe Candace is actually a pimp with Andrew Tate that this is what they've got. Two, I dunno why I don't respond when they ridiculously demand that I answer for Kanye how Kanye West's wife is dressing.


It's the nonsense. It means you have nothing left. You have nothing left to attack me with. When you are now going, Kanye's wife ate a salad. Candace says she hates salad. So she needs to explain an answer for why his wife is eating a salad. No, I don't. You're not gonna hook me. Okay. Question me for my deeds and my actions. You don't get to tell me that what Bianca Sensori is wearing is something that I have to speak out or oh my gosh, 27,000 articles are gonna be written. You're all frauds. You are all frauds and you're gonna get exposed. I'm telling you one by one you're gonna get exposed because you're pissing me off now. Okay? I spent all of 2024 having to fight you guys. You are like disgusting little goblins.


You operate all in the dark, you lie. It's all, it's it's you lie like some people breathe genuinely. These people lie like I breathe. It's just natural. It's just like, just like their lungs expand and a lie comes out and there's a network of them and Meghan McCain and Ben Dominic have been a part of that network forever. Okay? Everyone knows who these neocons are who wanna keep Americans drummed up, go to war. These people who can't fight the wars, they cry when someone points out accurately that they're clinically obese, they can't fight the wars. But your sons and daughters better fight the wars guys. God forbid you have a person on a platform telling, you know, this is stupid, we don't need to be involved. And BB net and Yahoo's Middle East Bs and expansion policies, okay?


They don't have the people. So they want you to be the people that go die for it and are trying to marry you to those ideas in the classroom on podcasts via the media. And because their relationship and your trust in media has been fractured, they now have to work on trying to fracture your trust in people like me and Tucker Carlson. This is the new vibe. Oh, he sounds like an Iranian propagandist when he says don't die in Iran. When he says that obviously no person should send their kids to die in the Middle East because this has been our policy, our flatline policy for the last decades and nothing good has come of it. Literally nothing good has come of it. They can't even pretend anything good has come of it.


Look around, look at your streets, look at your country. Is your country cleaner? Is your country better for having fought Israel's wars for decades? Oh, that's anti-Semitic. I know RFK Junior, I know RFK Junior. I hope they don't expose anything about you. All the rumors Olivia and Nzi is circulating about you. But don't worry, she tells people that she wants to protect you. She does actually really like you and she loves you. She has a soft spot for you. Does That's a fact. You all sicken me. I just wanna say it again. You all sicken me done with the hit pieces. I'm done with you coming after my family. Leave us the F alone, okay? Leave us alone. I don't care anymore. And I'll tell you right now, I'm not gonna be leaving you alone.


I'm just, I'm done. I'm just so pissed off about it. And they always do this when I'm pregnant. They always do it when I'm pregnant. Imagine texting about that. You're a grown woman with four children. We need a clean shot on this eight month pregnant woman who's waddling around 'cause we can't find anything. Yeah, If you found anything on me, you wonder what it was You, you'd find out that I didn't know the full Latin liturgy. 'cause my life is spent between church. My life is spent between mass and my children. That's driving you crazy because you all suck, you're all disgusting, you all have no morals. That's why you're in DC posting about your shoes on a red carpet and thinking that it means something to anybody who has a shred of morality. Because that is who you guys are. That's what you believe in.


That is what you worship. You worship celebrity, you worship red carpets, you worship paparazzi shots. Your life has no substance. You guys are literally, you worship Satan. It's all meaningless. It means nothing. You're all dishonorable. So I'm gonna say about that Anyways, skipping to the Jessica Man stuff. So that was her carrot on the stick, right? Me trying to be a good person. Wait to see what this girl has to say, you know, and suspended the series. 'cause I don't, I'm not here to try to spin one side. I've been honest about what my viewpoint is in the me to move it. From the very beginning. I read Jessica command's emails.


She got in touch via house, inhabit Jessica Mann went public on Instagram this morning and basically made her profile it it, I guess it was supposed to kind of also be a PR move for Jessica Krause, which is weird. But she basically went public saying that she's willing to talk and I'm gonna accept that at base value. I'm happy to talk to her. We've had a little bit of discussion in the background. I told her we'll keep off record, but in terms of what she published publicly, here's what she said. She said, I get it. You may not believe Harvey raped me. Sometimes it feels like I can't even be human. Every emotion I show becomes ammunition for someone to dismiss me. Candace, I've heard your criticism loud and clear, and I'm not here to dodge it or deflect.


I'm more than willing to sit down with you, talk openly about every part of my life, my experiences, my choices, the messy and the real. I'd welcome the chance to address your doubts directly. Not because I need to prove anything, but because I believe in facing things head on. What debate will produce is making sure no one man or woman has to endure what I went through. If you're up for it, I am here ready to listen and speak because I think that's where understanding starts. The doors open, but I am not the court, the judge or the jury, those roles carry a weight. I don't claim. What happened to me is something I wouldn't wish on a single soul. And I remain committed to letting the legal process unfold with the dignity that it demands. Justice is bigger than me and I respect its course. For now. I'm navigating the storm as best I can, holding fast to that principle.


So like I said, we are having some conversations in the background. I, I've told her basically, you know, everything that I've said is public. You know what I think about it? For those of you who have watched the series, number three, you know, we went into Jessica Mann and her emails and there's just some weird stuff and maybe she has an explanation for them. Maybe she has more to offer, maybe she has more to show. But I am interested in nothing but truth at the end of the day. So we'll see exactly what it is that she has. All Right guys, I'm really sorry for the rants and yelling at you guys this Friday. I really thought that I was just going to really just thought I was just going to burst into flames. I just, I, I can't explain what it's like to read people plotting your demise and the demise of your family.


And I have been fighting this for a year and that is the reason. But


If you noticed that my skin looked good while I was ranting, it's because of Nimi Skincare. It's never too late to continue embracing positive change in your life. If you're ready to maintain that new year, new new momentum, look no further than Nimi Skincare. From gentle formulas to luxurious treatments, Nimi offers everything you need to keep your skin glowing. Right now. Use code Candace 10 at checkout to enjoy 10% off your order. So whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is the perfect opportunity to try Nimis transformative skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare isn't just another beauty brand, it's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom proudly made in the USA. So if you're looking for something extra gentle, you can also try Nimis clean fragrance free formulas. They're very ideal for sensitive skin and those that are seeking a pure approach to self-care. Be sure to use Code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. That is spelled NIMI skincare.com. Promo code Candace 10 and you'll save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself or someone special the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and keep that fresh start feeling going strong. Well into 2025. That's Nimi Skincare dot Commo code Candace 10.


Also, regarding American Financing, interest rates have dropped, which means it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills, eggs, coffee, and you're reaching for the credit cards to pay for this. If you are a homeowner, interest rates have fallen into the fives. It's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. If you're carrying a balance every month, you're stuck in an endless cycle. You can break free today by calling American Financing and seeing how much you could be saving. And If you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. So call 8 7 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay, let's get into the comments also. Yeah, by the way, with House in Habit, like it was a very much a tell when she was then tweeting. I have white all sources Kansas anti-Semitic. It was like, okay, who's directing this? Who's behind this? Like, come on, come on. We're starting to put the pieces together here. Lemme get some of your comments before I get onto another pregnancy ramp and try to go for somebody's entire life. Okay, Jack Splat writes, I really get the feeling that House inhabit pokes the bear pregnant Candace for publicity. She just can't be this dumb beats WI love you, Candace, make God continue to bless and protect you. Thank you so much. I really do think it's the prayers that keep keeping me safe because these people are just plotting in ways that are just so sinister And so sick.


And it has been, like I said, nonstop since last March. It has been nonstop. It has been a full year of plots against my family and we have been in just warrior mode for so long and I just can't even, they just won't even just let me enjoy an end of pregnancy. They just, they're like, no. What else can we get? What else can we find? And, and like I said, her piece matched too much. The most recent Zionist attack where they're all like, Andrew Tate is back. Has anybody considered that Candace Owens might be a pimp along? So I, Andrew Tate, it's like, what is this? What are you guys, none of this is real. How are you just coming up with these weird storylines? Bianca Sin is naked. Has anybody considered that? Maybe Candace Owens has made Bianca sin naked.


Like, what are we, what are we doing anymore? This is all so dumb. Julie Ryan writes, house of Habit is giving midlife crisis. Taylor Swift expecting her minion fans to just take her side and ruthlessly dropping old friends. Like it's nothing. 1000% true. Nasty business. What she's getting involved in, Talia. Ann writes, hold my poodle. Who is messing with Candace? People are messing. They've not stopped. They have not stopped. And I feel like now they're angry. I survived. And that's why they're, they're language is getting precise. Like, you know, it needs to be a clean shot. You demented per, you know, just a demented human being. You deserve no platform. Okay, I'm not where I was yesterday. No platform. And that's the way it works. You do stuff, you plot in the, in the dark and then in the light gets a little, little exposure.


And now everybody needs a break. Everybody needs to break now. I'm just gonna step away. People don't know what's happening behind the scenes. No. We want to know what's happening behind the scenes though. You're right. We wanna know what flipped you so quickly against Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens, and Ian Carroll. Feels like there's other people you could go after. So what, what changed you so quickly? Who, who changed you? What motivated you to make tho to take those shots? Akiba Joseph writes, go off Queen C. Thank you. I, I feel better if that helps. I definitely feel better. Aspiring beach. Bum writes, did you have two bagels today? No, it's Lent and I gave up bagels. How dare you mention it guys. I said no mentioning of the B word.


Okay, I didn't say it but I'm saying it now. No mentioning of the B word until Lent is over. Don't ever wanna see this in my comments again. Aspiring beach bum. South Pole writes, Mrs. Candace, any chance you can get Thomas Soul on your show? I would love to. I've tried for years. Almost made it happen when I was working for pr, you and then Covid happened and he didn't wanna leave 'cause he's obviously older and more at risk, which was totally understandable. I adore him. He's changed so many of my perspectives. But I consider it now to just kind of be like a pipe dream. Who knows? Courtney P writes, my mom passed away Wednesday morning and your show, and Jesus has been the only thing that's been able to distract me from the loss. Thank you Candace, for being you and always fight for truth and stay in, stay in prayer.


Courtney. I I mean, I I, that is a huge loss in your life. Stay in prayer. And you know, like I said, I was thinking about my granddad and the grief never goes away, but it does kind of change and it becomes like happy grief and you kind of imagine them in certain scenarios. And I was kind of thinking of my granddad last year when everything was going down. 'cause he just was the kind of guy who you, you just couldn't tell my granddad nothing. You know? Like no one's telling him nothing. And so he would've just gone off. And I was thinking about, for those of you have seen me in Congress and my granddad who was behind me, and he was like, about to just get up and just give it to Jerry Nadler or Ted Lou. He's like, nuh, no, that's not what she said. That's not what she said. You know, you hold onto those sorts of memories and then you kind of start to imagine them in scenarios and you laugh and you chuckle and everything kind of becomes beautiful.


Like sad, but like a a, there is a, a beauty to sadness. Beans says, cancel my heart breaks you, especially when you were speaking by your granddad. I know he's watching over and protecting you. Oh yeah, he is, he's protecting me. I got my granddad's spirit. You don't understand. We used to go out at me and granddad, he would stomp not in my house, and I'd be like, granddad, but we, we had this thing where like we would like flare and we were instantly over it. And then he, like five minutes of him like stomping on a carpet. And then he'd be like, do you want take me to get something to eat? And I'm like, yeah, we, we call that an Owen's temper. Like it just flares and then you're good. Just what kind of just happened to say on the show, like flares. And then like, you're good. And it's all love. And it's never like, you know, you don't carry into the next day or the next hour or the next five minutes.


You just gotta, like Owens, you gotta Owens it. Daniel Johnson writes, after all this, this baby's about to come out of fighter dude. That's what I said to my husband. I was like, this person growing has been, is just in full. We've been in full war mode and we just thought we'd maybe get a break. And we thought, because we've just always been so kind to people. And it was refreshing to hear Emily admit that on the phone, like that she couldn't find anything. She had didn't, couldn't find employee anything. Like people genuinely say Candace has treated people very well. I I just deal in fairness, my grandfather was the kind of person who would do a deal on a hair handshake. And I think we need that. Like, we just need to go back to that culture of honor where you just, your insides crawl at the idea of doing what Jessica was doing.


You know, where you're in, like you wanna die. That's how I feel. I would physically wanna die if I was just plotting against someone who had done nothing to me. Like I just, like, I, I am allergic to that. Like, I have some sort of like a systemic response to lies, to plots, to just sinister motives. And I just wish everyone had that. And I had, I need to stop wishing 'cause that's not gonna happen. But at least what's ha what is happening is that the people who operate in, in the opposite manner are losing their platforms pretty quickly. Like one by one, they're just all falling down and getting exposed and people getting fired. And it's, you know, and realizing that they don't have influence anymore. And I guess that is God seeking vengeance.


You know, God is always in control and I really do believe that vengeance belongs to him even when I do want it to be mine. And I'm so angry. I know that on Sunday at mass, I am gonna pray for Jessica Reid Kraus because I literally have to, I'm a Catholic, I have to pray for my enemies and I have to pray for her because that is a spiritual sickness. You know, she is spiritually ill. I really do believe that. Anyways, If you have tips, you actually, I, I think you guys the wrong website earlier. I'm getting pregnancy brain here at the end. You guys can hear it. And sometimes me mispronouncing words and it's just happening here. You know, we got five and a half weeks left to go, just bear with me.


New email tips. We have a new inbox, what they're telling me, it's tips at Candace Owens dot com. Not like your nail tips, but like, you have a tip for me, tips at Candace Owens dot com. Send them our way. I want to look into Olivia nzi. I want to focus on her and I have some other tidbits about her and the stuff that she's saying about RFK behind the scenes. She still has a thing for him. There's no question about that. And I just think RFK is compromised. I just dunno what he's doing right now. Nothing he's doing makes sense. But I'll say this, if I was in an RFK situation, there would be nothing. My family lived through, what my family lived through. There would be nothing that could make me bend the knee. I would die on my knees, I would die on my knee. I would die on my feet like his father did.


I would, I would not die at my niece. And So I I I find him to be a dishonorable character, to defend someone like Rabbi Shmuley when he's taking shots and lying about someone who is honest makes RFK Junior dishonorable. So I have no respect for him. I thank him for his contributions because I think I got to choose different from my children because of him and I, and I would not take that away from him, even though were I the heir? Were I a Kennedy? You, you would bet there'd be no way. There would be no fricking way. Anyways, new Merch on our website, anti-feminist, because I've always been anti-feminist. You guys are really liking this Merch. It's really pretty. And as we get ready to drop the second book and it just, it is, it's so pristine, you know, I just love it.


It's very pristine. You can find that obviously. You can go to Candace Owens dot com, go to club Candace dot com. It'll direct you all our Merch. We have restocked things for you. And that is the end of a very long week. We'll jump back into our Harvey series now that I finally have established that connection with Jessica. And like I said, give her an opportunity to add whatever she would like to add so that we do a fair bit of journalism at the beginning of the next week, which I already said, but like I said, pregnancy brain. We'll see you guys then.