
All Right guys, it's the end of the week. You know, back in 2020, black people were really asking for the world and I was not with it. You guys know that I was staunchly against it. BLM was making all sorts of crazy demands. It was just a mess. But now fast forward and it's 2024. And black people really came into this election with just a different energy, not asking really for much or really anything. We simply asked that the Jackson family be left alone and that people be a little bit more considerate than to wash their greens where they wash their asses. And Kamala, for whatever reason, could not abide us. She just could not abide us. And that is exactly how we got here. I wanna remind you of that. Also, my brain is melting right now because I don't know if I'm the last person on earth to know this.


And this was like big news or somehow I missed it. But were you guys aware that Barack Obama's nanny from when he was in Indonesia, in school in Indonesia with his stepdaddy, was transgendered? Because I just learned that, and I'm just going, what on earth is happening? There is way too much synergy here between Emmanuel Macron's upbringing, what we've learned about Emmanuel Macron, Barack Obama's upbringing, and now Kamala's upbringing. It's making me a little uncomfortable. Let's talk about it. Welcome back to Candace.


Alright, so yesterday was absolutely an insane day. We are being inundated. I mean practically inundated with emails, tidbits, tips, some of them leading to nowhere, some of them leading to some things that we are extremely curious about. And that is why I'm so grateful that we are coming upon the weekend where we get to look into everything thoroughly and come back on Monday with things better fleshed out. Again, we don't want to make any mistakes. Today is Friday. So I wanna spend time getting everyone focused on what these next steps are of our investigation, because I might be leading the investigation, but this has only been possible because everyone out there is participating. I mean, all around the world, we are getting tips. People that went to school with Barack Obama telling us things and saying, I don't want my name to be mentioned here, but just so you know, in his college yearbook, or I guess he said like in the college database, his name was Barry Ro.


And then they changed it. But people that have spoken out about that have mysteriously gone missing. I mean, we are just learning a lot. And of course there is the very real fact that I am in contact with members of Kamala's owned family. You've noticed, I have not shared their names. There's a reason for that. They're asking for some level of protection. She's got a lot of family members, a lot of white family members that just did not make her book her treasure trove of bs. Someone asked me to succinctly put together everything that we had discovered thus far because there are many people who are now realizing, no, this is not bs. This is not a conspiracy. Kamala has lied about. Her upbringing has lied about her own genealogy, and many people have not been on this entire journey with us.


And so I'm just going to sum it up for you very simply. Okay. Kamala is completely lying about her heritage. She pulled the good old Barack Obama, dropped a book, an autobiography that was meant to legitimatize her to the black public. And for whatever reason in the public's mind, when somebody drops a book and calls an autobiography, they just assumed that somebody along the way did the due diligence. And therefore it must all be true because they found it in the nonfiction segment of the bookstore, a section of the bookstore. And that's just not true. And that leaves a lot of room for politicians to lie. And that's exactly what Kamala did. And you can really see how when you go through this book that it is just political black face.


She fails to mention that she is majority white. She fails to mention her white family members, her many white family members, and she neglects to mention them entirely, by the way, while going through great pains to instead offer alternative black relatives. And what am I talking about when I say alternative black relatives? I mean, they are not her relatives, but she refers to them as uncles and aunts. I mean, as just one example, uncle Freddy mentioned in two pictures, one picture here visiting my Uncle Freddy in Harlem. Harlem. Ha ha. Get it. Black people. Ha ha. I like Harlem. I like fried chicken. I like black-eyed peas. Yeah. And it turns out that that guy in the background isn't even her uncle Freddie Harlem was always a magical place for me.


Okay, cool. Then she mentions Uncle Freddie again. Here is her book. I'm blessed with an amazing family. Like anybody reading that objectively would assume this was her family. I blessed an amazing family. I'll never be able to thank Auntie Chris, uncle Freddy and Aunt Mary enough for their constant encouragement and support. They always showed up for me as they did here at a campaign event for my DA's race that we held at the San Francisco Jazz Club. Jazz Club. Get it. Haha. Black people, you like jazz. There we are With my auntie and my uncles and my family. And she doesn't, she Later in the book, there's like a little paragraph where she explains that actually Uncle Freddie and Aunt Mary are not her real uncles and or her real uncle and aunt at all, but they were just like family.


But she doesn't say anything about that Aunt Chris, she mentioned. She just says that Aunt Chris was the reason that she went to Howard. We don't know if it's a real aunt, one that we know for sure it's not a real aunt because all of these people are black. The point was just to make people just believe that she had this extraordinarily black experience. Even when she shows photos of her fully Indian grandparents, right? Her mother's parents. She sort of gives it this little black spin, like this photo of her maternal grandfather in Africa. Of course here it is, grandpa and me when we visited him and my grandmother in Lu Lusaka Zambia, right? So again, yes, this man traveled. Yes, he was un diplomatic missions.


Why did you decide to pick this photo in Africa? Because it's sending a signal. She's trying to blacky herself by every means, any means available to her. And she really has, by the way, kept up this charade since the book. In fact, yesterday before our episode dropped, she made a poor decision to tweet this. She tweeted, growing up our mother worked long hours. So my sister Maya and I would stay with our neighbor, Mrs. Shelton. She helped my mother take care of us. And we used to call her our second mother. So she has a black second mother, she's got a fake Uncle Freddy, she's got a fake Aunt Mary, she's got a fake auntie Chris. I, it's just, it's just unbelievable. It's just really unbelievable.


And all of these real white aunties and uncles were completely ignored. They just didn't make it. And we now know that she had real relationships with these people. So it's quite So, it is a lie by omission, okay? It's a lie by omission. When you're going around doing the rounds pretending to be black, the intended message was very clear of the book. It's, I am black, I'm a, I am a negro. Except me, everyone. See, I'm just like you guys. They ain't like us. She said, they ain't like us. The BET war. Mm girl. They ain't like us. No Kamala, you ain't like us. Okay? You ain't even kind of like us. In fact, you essentially spit in our faces when you do this. It is a minstrel show. Kamala's campaign is a minstrel show.


If you are black and you are still voting for her, you should be ashamed of yourself. You have no absolutely no dignity to allow this to happen. To have her get caught and to basically turn the other cheek and go, oh, well, well, you know, at least she's not Trump. Well, at least Trump is who Trump says he actually is. But of course, it was this photo that immediately caught our attention. It was the notorious photo of Grandma Barrell. Now, I wanna be clear, when this photo caught my attention, I just didn't think it was her grandma because I didn't like the emotional vibes here. It's just not how Caribbean grandmas act. I know I have one or had one, she passed away in 2013. But what is interesting is that so many people had emailed us right away. And these people are, obviously, I'm not a techie, they were familiar with Photoshop.


A lot of editors saying, Ken is, these photos are photoshopped. You can tell because in each photo of her grandparents, this one and of Iris Finnegan, they don't show the hands. And apparently there is something to do with hands that you can tell that they're just Photoshopping two pictures together. So the, the operating belief from the army of editors that have emailed us is that actually they took a, a real photo of Kamala and a real photo of this black woman and they just merged them together. And that's why you're not seeing any emotion or interaction be like between the two. Like, I don't know, I just feel like your grandma would put your arm around her or something. But again, that's a theory. We, we didn't even report on it until just now because obviously yesterday we dropped the mother of all bombs, a woman named Dorothy who grew up on the island in the presence of the lovely Miss Barrell, who she loved dearly.


Dorothy really loved Miss Barrell and was so kind about it, confirmed that the photo was fraudulent. And since we dropped that episode yesterday, it's been crazy. The reason why we're running a, a little bit late with today's episode is because we've had more phone calls with Kamala's family members and they have confirmed to us beyond a shadow of a doubt that the person that is pictured in Kamala's book is not the real Miss Barrel. Kamala cannot sue me for that statement. She cannot sue me for defamation. That is not the real Miss Barrel. That is not her grandma barrel that is in that photo. Okay? In fact, this family member tells me that not only is the real Miss Barrell light-skinned like Kamala, but also that Miss Barrell had a sister, okay?


That was even whiter than her, even lighter than her. Now, my understanding is that Miss Barrell looked to be mixed Indian and Irish. So they would say Brown, we call Indians Brown and Irish. So that's why when Dorothy recounts this, she's like, Kamala looks so much like her. Apparently she was a little lighter than Kamala. But you would look at Kamala and you might go, okay, that complexion, you would definitely say you would, I could identify that as someone with an Indian complexion, no doubt. And this is by the way, how we now know definitively that Dorothy is on the money. We are in communication. One step closer to getting in touch with Dorothy. We're trying to get her on the show because she also confirmed that Ms.


Barrell did indeed have another sister that she remembered. Take a listen. Ms. Barrell was a brown skinned woman. Okay? Yeah. That says it on you. In fact, I remember her sister. I also remember her sister. But yes, I miss re as I say, I have, you know, you look back and things in your childhood and Ms. Bell, I have very fond memories of going back from I was a child, lovely, you know, a lovely kind woman that lived in this house with her son.


And the son that she is referring to is Kenneth. We're gonna talk more about him. 'cause this, this piece is actually really important for those of you who have joined our CIA investigation, our army of people who are looking into this. But Dorothy also confirmed, remember we were between two death certificates, one that was in 95 and one that was in 1960. Well, she confirmed that Beryl was indeed alive in the nineties and that she passed a short time before Dorothy's husband, who I believe she said her husband passed in 2000 or 2002. Take a listen. So was Ms. Bar alive in 2000? So she was alive in the nineties. In the nineties, which was when I, I I, you know, Tim and I were together, so she was definitely alive in the nineties.


Oh, okay. Yeah. How interesting. Yes, yes. That's really intriguing dog. A lot of pity. You don't have a flow to grow, I know, but I, I, I am still sort of making inquiries to see if anybody you know, has, has a photograph of her, Someone has a photograph of her, that person is likely Kamala Harris, we're just not gonna get it obviously. And they're probably now freaking out and trying to figure out who else is speaking that would have been familiar with Ms. Barrell. As I said, we are one step closer to getting in touch with Dorothy because you know, we have withheld information from the public that she clearly know.


So I know that Dorothy is the real deal. She knew Kenneth Harris. The reason I have kept sort of this enigma of Kenneth Harris is because it's been very difficult for us to find information on him. So now I'm going to open this up to the public, okay? Kenneth Harris is Donald Harris's full brother. Okay? So Kenneth Harris and Donald Terrace have the same mother and they have the same father. He is Kamala's full uncle. And the reason why he is a person of tremendous interest to me is because like Donald, there seems to be very little public information available about him. Now, I have told you that the family members that we are speaking to say that Donald was exceedingly private and Kenneth was exceedingly private as well, they were a bit mysterious.


They have also confirmed to me that Donald was a full fledged communist who attended frequent Marxist meetings and basically gave no information about himself ever, okay? Which is why it's of note that Dorothy says she didn't know Donald, but she definitely remembers Kenneth Harris take a listen. I don't know her other son who was Kamala's father. I know of him, but I have never met him. But of course, her other son, uncle Kenneth, I have also have really love, you know, loving fun memories of him. He lived in the village. Yes, he lived with his mother and what became of him, do You know?


He, as far as I know, he lives in America, okay? Yes. And Kamala's father, yes, you don, you didn't know it all. I've never, never met him. You know, it's really funny that in Kamala's book she speaks about how she was visiting her uncle Freddie in Harlem. Because what I actually know, based on my research and what people are telling me, I can tell you this for a fact, is that Kenneth did indeed go to America. He went to New York and then he virtually disappeared. So while she was at Harlem, she could have visited maybe her real uncle Kenneth Harris that she hasn't mentioned at all. But yes, I am now telling the public what we know about him. His name would be Kenneth Harris Sr. By the way, he has three children, and his son's name is Kenneth Harris Jr.


And my understanding is that after he went to America after being quite private, he virtually disappeared. We also know about Kenneth Harris is that while he lived in Jamaica, he was a police officer. So we are trying to crawl through the database and see if we can find any information on him. Quite interestingly, every single family member that we've tried to look things up on, we've been able to find, except for Kenneth and Donald Harris. That is just remarkable to me. Every indication that I have leads me to believe that these two were working for the government. And I'm not talking about like just working for the government, like the fireman or the post office man. I'm talking about working for the state, okay?


Like in, in a very big way, and were required to be silent and mysterious about their lives. Again, Kenneth Harris moved to New York and then virtually disappeared and lost contact with everything also exceedingly private. And I cannot, I should be able to find his naturalization papers. I should be able to find way more about him considering he moved to America and lives in America. And I keep coming up dry. So I am asking everyone who has been on this journey to get on this and just be conscious by the way that, you know, there are a lot of, obviously Kenneth Harris is a, a very common sounding name. There are tons of common, you know, you could find a million of them. Try to make sure if you're sending me stuff, that you're certain that this somehow relates to Jamaica, because that's where we know that he lived and that he had kids and that he was also married.


And somehow there's no record of any of that that I can find at this point. But we have the weekend ahead of us. I'd also like to, before the weekend point out again to you, a woman that I deemed to be of interest. Now, we have nothing concrete about this woman. I'm simply bringing her to the public's attention. Again, just a bit of a, a gut instinct. This photo of a lady, Riss Allen, her name was Riss Trotman. She married the finance minister, a busante like Barrell. This woman died in 1995 in Jamaica. She was exceedingly devoted to politics, and she ran a dry good store and was a supporter, like I said, of Busante.


The reason why she's been a person of interest to me is that she just kind of fits the bill of everything that Donald Terrace speaks about in his Jamaican online global piece about his heritage, the dry good store. It's almost like he's merged different people. And I also think that that woman looks like a light-skinned woman that could be mixed. And So I just am deeming her a person of interest trying to learn more about her. I just think the more public we are with this research, the more we'll we will be able to discern what is right and what is wrong. It, she may be no, she may have no relation whatsoever, but just when I think of this woman saying she looked like Kamala, I, I see this skin complexion. I see black hair, and I just, I find her to be entrusting.


I should also, by the way, include for you guys here, but Donald has since been remarried and his wife works for the World Bank. He is just a very, very mysterious, shady dude. It leads me to believe that that Japanese journalist, Japanese American journalist, Yoichi Shiatsu, may have been telling the truth, and I have some news. We have been able to establish communication with Yoichi Shiatsu, and he is a willing participant. So we are going to have, by the way, a ton of surprises next week. I'm trying to set up an interview with Yoichi, also somebody else that I'm not, I'm gonna wait and surprise you with next week that you guys are going to be thrilled about people that have real memories and real knowledge of this very mysterious family.


And so we're not going to let up guys, If you have information, especially If you are in Jamaica, please share this around. Somebody remembers something. We have to be able to find something about Beryl. Was she using a different name? Who was her sister? You, you can't just own a store and just completely have no record of your time there. And like I said, it sounds like they had a little bit of wealth. The only people that could clean up someone's background like this would be a three lettered government agency. And so yeah, we are going to have to be quicker than them. And that seems almost impossible. But I think with the entire world now, watching and paying attention, it maybe is possible. And with the entire world. Now looking at Yoichi Hamamatsu's piece, his his belief, he is certain that Kamala's mom was involved in the MK Ultra Program.


And that is about psychological brainwashing. Brainwashing people might be something that could lead to a Manchurian type candidate. I am thinking that everything that he is expressing particularly about Kamala, her past marriage probably has a lot of merit to it. But we are going to find out guys. So of course, stay tuned.


All right, I wanna throw it to PreBorn because the media has dubbed this, the abortion election. We have to stand up to this evil. When you join forces with PreBorn, the largest pro-life organization in the nation, you'll be protecting the greatest victims in our society. Babies in their mother's wombs, PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the nation, and they have rescued over 300,000 babies. When a woman is considering abortion searches are to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there. PreBorn gives these women in need of free ultrasound because the power of hearing a heartbeat on the ultrasound combined with God's love doubles a baby's chance at life. One ultrasound costs just $28, and up to five ultrasounds are $140. Any gift will help their cause. And all gifts are tax deductible. Donate securely. Just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can head to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Okay, so look, I don't know if I am the only person in the world who didn't know this. I, I, I can't imagine how I didn't know this. I actually, I can, the mainstream media doesn't do its job, but I was getting all these emails, people were furious with me when I said like, I didn't believe that Michelle Obama was trans. I just didn't, never looked into it. There was nothing that totally different from the Emmanuel Burt Macron thing, where like this journalist for three years at the while being harassed by the French Secret Service, dug into the past, produced the documents, proved that brat Macron lived as a man. And I just don't remember that being a thing. And then people were going, what about his trans nanny? And I'm going, what, what, what conspiracy is this? And then they start sending me like, mainstream media having covered this.


And I'm going, what have I been under a rock? Barack Obama had a trans nanny growing up. Okay, so back in 2012, the Associated Press interviewed Evie. This is Evie by the way, not dressed as a woman, but Evie, whatever. Let's just throw it to a clip and let you watch. 66-year-old Evie walks the streets of her Indonesian slum. She lives in a tiny room, subsisting on money she earns from washing clothes, Evie's meager existence, belies a startling truth. She was once nanny to President Barack Obama. Evie says she's always been proud that the person she cared for drove to school and cooked for, ended up being number one in the world.


The future president was just eight years old at the time. In the late 1960s, his mother, Ann Dunham, married her second husband and moved to Indonesia. Dunham was impressed by Evie's cooking ability and offered her a job. For two years, Evie lived with Obama and his family in this Jakarta home. But she thinks the young Obama didn't know one fundamental truth about her born A man. Evie identifies as a woman. Evie says, Ann Dunham might have known she was transgendered, but she never dressed as a woman in front of young Barry. And it was a time of brutal dictatorship when soldiers would beat and round up so-called banshees. Evie says, soldiers once shaved off her long black hair and burned her with lit cigarettes.


Even today, transgendered people have a difficult time in this largely Muslim nation of 240 million people. This representative of an influential Islamic group says transgendered people are wrong and they deny the teachings of Islam. And so Evie has struggled through life saying she's never found suitable work since Obama and his family left the country in the early 1970s. But she says Obama's election gave her a reason to feel proud for the first time in a long time. Okay, so elsewhere in the APS investigation, Evie said this, this is again directly from the AP article. He was so young. I was referring to Barry sat Toro and I never let him see me wearing women's clothes, but he did see me trying on his mother's lipstick sometimes that used to really crack him up.


Then elsewhere in the piece, they confirmed that neighbors of Barry Sarro and Dunham dispute Evie's claims and say that Evie wasn't just wearing lipstick, but did in fact leave the house wearing female clothes. Here is a photo of Evie, by the way, fully dressed up. I, I'm speechless. I think, what the hell is going on? What the hell is going on? You know, Evie apparently was very much accepted as a transgender individual by Stanley Dunham, Barack Obama's mother.


So much so that she allowed Evie to wear her lipstick, allowed Evie to be around her child wearing her lipstick. And if the neighbors are telling the truth, which I feel like they are, Evie was dressed as a woman around a young Barry Ro. Okay, so why am I bringing this up? Well, First and foremost, because it's insane. Secondly, because it's a little too much synergy, as I said at the top of the show, between the mysterious upbringing of Emmanuel Macron, okay? And Barack Obama, just like, for whatever reason, they're entered into these Catholic schools when they're really young and they have this extraordinarily close relationships with their, with their grandparents.


Like as Emmanuel Kron, the exact same thing. This sort of introduction to transgenderism at an incredibly young age, the entire mainstream media sort of colluding to cover their tracks. What the hell is going on? What's going on? I'm gonna ask you guys seriously, what is going on? Because it's starting to look to me like a program, like a global government program, which potentially is breeding world leaders in very disgusting ways, exposing them to things that they probably should not be exposed to when they're young.


I gotta be very, very careful when I'm talking about this because we're talking about a topic of transgenderism. We're talking about Brahe Macron, who was born a man. If you are at all shocked to hear this, just know that of all of the episodes that YouTube decided to completely remove, it was my interview with the journalist, you should go pursue that. That broke the story about Brae Macron. I mean it's as, as legit as it gets. Like take it to the bank. Brae Macron was born a man named Michelle Trau. And I am just seeing, like I said, a little bit too much synergy between all of these leaders and their shady backgrounds, you know, their parents, these broken homes. It leads me to my recent research, which if it was so crazy, I don't know why the media freaked out about me drawing attention to the fact that there were all of these elite sex cults and people that believed in pedophilia sacraments.


I talked about Frank and I talked about Jacob Frank. I recommended books for people to read to learn about that and just mysteriously how they've tried to wipe this, erase this from history. And I've talked about this for a reason because you're talking about a religious sex cult or an anti-religious sex cult that believed in breeding and incest and things of this nature. This is a fact of history. And I media got really angry when I shared the fact that this cult, this religion, Frank him, made it all the way to America. It is just a, an inescapable fact that Louis Brande, the Supreme Court justice, who blackmailed himself into the Supreme Court or used blackmail to get onto the Supreme Court was a frankest. It's just a fact.


You can't just make that go away. What does that signal to you? What is actually happening right now? It's very challenging, I think, for a lot of people to recognize. I know people are reading the Chaos book, learning about the MK Ultra program, learning about the extents that your government will go to to go through to lie and to issue mass psychosis and to change the way fundamentally that you think. I know it's a very challenging thing to kind of have, I guess your fabric of reality become unwoven. But I think it's really necessary for people to come to terms with the kind of evil that we are getting close to here because I just can't keep thinking that this topic that keeps surrounding and following Barry Ro is like by accident.


Like, like, oh, I'm sorry. Like bad luck. Like people are just saying these rumors about you and about your wife. I, I don't know.


Okay, but speaking of gender scandal, it has just recently been announced. It's just a matter of news that Michelle Obama is hitting the road on behalf of Kamala per Politico. The vice president and Kamala will appear with former president Barack Obama at a Thursday rally in Georgia, followed by an October 26th appearance with former First Lady Michelle Obama, according to a senior campaign official that was granted anonymity to discuss the unannounced campaign plans, the event with Mark Michelle Obama's first appearance on the campaign trail for Harris. And you know, that's, I'm not gonna issue any comments. Again, I am just here to draw your attention to some things that I would describe as peculiar. Okay? I just don't think it is every day that a mom says, Hey, I'm totally fine with like the male nanny dressing up like a woman and putting lipstick on in front of my kid. I just don't think that that's like a totally normal thing. Like I just, I don't feel that way personally unless there is some sort of a government initiative going on and your kid is kind of a part of some program. I know that's all I'm gonna say. I'll leave it at that. That's probably not all I'm gonna say. I probably am not gonna leave it at that. I'm probably gonna talk about this extensively on my podcast and it's probably why I'm always in trouble 'cause I just dunno how to shut up and let the government just be corrupt. I, I really suck at just letting the government and the media do their corrupt, disgusting things. Anyways, something on a positive note to tell you that you can support a Seven Weeks Coffee because it is America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. Why they call Seven Weeks Coffee Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $500,000 for these centers and have saved over 5,000 lives by providing free ultrasounds and other resources to moms in need. I can tell you about the coffee. It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown low acid, it's organically farm, it checks all the boxes. So exclusively for my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Canis Candace through up to 25% off your order, remember your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us. So head to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code can for up at 25% off your order.


Alright, it's been trending, obviously we, we did not miss it. The 79th annual Alfred e Smith Memorial Foundation dinner, Catholic Dinner. Donald Trump made an appearance. That's not unusual because this charity dinner is a very big deal. He appeared with Melania. What was unusual was the fact that Kamala declined to appear, which would make her the first presidential candidate to do so since 1984. That is, it's basically like a rite of package. Everyone just goes to this Catholic charity event. So this is a giant snub, I mean six since 1960. It's been a stop for presidential candidates. And I feel she was making a statement. I mean, listen, is it weird that she could find time to go on the call her daddy sex podcast but couldn't make time to go to a Catholic charity event that she knew was coming up?


Like it would've just been on the calendar because every presidential candidate does this. Yeah, I think it's, it's notable and like I said, it's a Catholic event and we do understand that abortion has been a very big topic. So I'm wondering if a decision was meant to be a, a signal to her voters, a signal that she is explicitly anti-Christian and she is embracing that by not even honoring them with an appearance. Anyways, the consensus is that Trump knocked outta the park. He really did. I I, I'm not saying that 'cause I'm voting for him. I have been critical of him on this podcast. I try to just be authentic across the board. Here is a roundup of his best jokes of the evening. I used to think that Democrats were crazy for saying that men have periods.


But then I met Tim Waltz. Well, I'd better wrap up because Mayor Adams told me earlier that I needed to make this one very quick. Especially the city has reserved this room for a large group of illegal aliens coming in from Texas. There's a group called White Dudes for Harris. Have you seen this? White dudes for Harris? Anybody know it? Are some of you here white dudes for it? Doesn't sound like it, but I'm not worried about them at all because their wives and their wives, lovers are all voting for me. A major issue in this race is childcare. And Kamala has put forward a concept of a plan.


A lot of people don't like it. The only piece of advice I would have for her and the event that she wins would be not to let her husband Doug, anywhere near the nannies, just keep 'em away. That's a nasty one. Chuck Schumer is here looking very glum. Disney looks glum. It looks glum. But look on the bright side, Chuck, considering how woke your party has become, if Kamala loses, you still have a chance to become the first woman president. He was just great and it makes sense because he's always been a personality. He's always been in front of the ca you know, in front of the cameras his entire life.


And the media loved him and celebrated him and he was allowed to be on NBC and say, you're fired. And every late night talk shows had him on. Like it's, it's really him and his element, right? And So it was nice to see him. It was nice to see how receptive the crowd was. And like I said, I mean even Brian Stelter said he was great. I mean that like somebody like Brian and his squeaky voice says that Donald Trump was great then you know that like you, you just should just believe it because he hates Trump so much. He suffers from Trump derangement syndrome. And so what Kamala did decide to do, and this was a major low light of the evening, was to create a video response on a video response, I guess a video appearance with Molly Shannon. And if you're not familiar with Molly Shannon, there was a movie in the nineties called Super Bad and it was a superstar.


Pardon? And it was essentially a comedy and it, I guess you could say it was about a Catholic student. Anyways, that is the woman that is being featured in this video. Maybe I'm biased. I think the entire thing is cringe. Like I think it's unbelievably cringe. But don't let me color your opinion. Let's just be objective here. Watch this and see If you are just like laughing so hard uncontrollably that you have to like pull over the car and just go, come and get this laugh out. Take a look. Your eminence and distinguished guest, the Al Smith dinner provides a rare opportunity to set aside partisanship. Sorry, sorry. Hey, what's going on? Who was that? Oh Sorry.


Mary Kathy Gallagher, Mary Kathy Galler. As soon as to meet you, Very nice to meet you Mary Catherine. Right now I'm trying to record my speech for tonight's dinner. Oh yeah, I know. I just wanna say that I'm Catholic and tonight is one of the biggest dinners next to the last supper. It is a very important dinner and it's an important tradition that I'm so proud to be a part of. Sometimes when I get nervous I stick my fingers under my arms and I similar 'em like that. But That's Gross. So tell me something, I'm giving a speech. Do you have some thoughts about what I might say tonight? My feelings about what you should say tonight would be best expressed in a monologue from one of my favorite made for TV series. Okay, let's hear it. Don't you see man? We need a woman to represent us.


A woman brings more heart, more compassion and think how smart she must be to become a top contender in a field dominated by men. It's time for a woman bro. And with this woman we can fly. What series was that from? Oh, That's from House of Dragons now streaming on HBO Max. Is there anything that you think that maybe I shouldn't bring up tonight? Well, don't lie, thou shall not bear a false witness to thy neighbor. Indeed. Especially thy neighbor's election results. Just so You know, there will be a fact checker there tonight. Oh That's great. Who? Jesus. And maybe don't say anything negative about Catholics. I would never do that no matter where I was.


That would be like criticizing Detroit in Detroit. Does it bother you that that Trump guy insults you all the time? 'cause it really bothers my friends and me. Oh Mary Catherine, it's very important to always remember you should never let anyone tell you who you are. You tell them who you are. Hater's gonna hate, hate, hate. Shake it off, Shake it off, shake it off, shake it off. Go for you Mary. They're ready. Oh yeah. Okay. And also remember one more thing, don't worry If you make a mistake. 'cause Catholic people are very forgiving. Yeah. And also one last thing I wanna tell you. Don't forget to say Superstar. Thank you Mary Catherine. Thank you mama. Thank you.


Your eminence and distinguished guest, the Al Smith dinner provides a rare opportunity to set aside partisanship and come together to do some good by supporting the tremendous charitable work of the Catholic church. The church cares for the sick and feeds the hungry, supports families with housing and education. And in times of disaster provides not only a Can we just get out of this? I I am sorry I can't do anymore. I tried so hard. It's just, it's painful. I'm looking at the chat. The reason I'm laughing is 'cause the chat is like, yeah, okay you cackling Jezebel. Like this isn't funny. I'm literally laughing at the comments of people that are just sending me the vomit emoji over and over again in the chat like that.


'cause I was feeling the same way and I was like, let me just give it a chance. Maybe people, somebody else found this funny. I found it insulting. I think I have a very good sense of humor. I found it insulting as a Catholic. It's like, okay, what we're gonna do is just kinda like mock Christians and then say like you have to have a sense of humor about it. Like when people are pretending they're trying to be funny and trying to wrap it in humor, but there's nothing actually funny about it and they're just being insulting. Like that's what that was. And, and then it was like a combination like what was the random like HBO max plug for House of Dragon that was in the middle of that, that somebody pay for that. Like I, I, I literally just makes entirely no sense. And then you have her and she just is not a great actress. She wasn't good at acting.


Like I said Latina, she wasn't good at acting like a black woman. So did we think she was gonna be great in that skit? Like no, she fails at acting. She should have just given a message and thanked them. Like that's what I would've done if I was like, don't, let's not try to be funny. Let's not be annoying when you oh to women. It's so annoying when people do that. It's like, just run because you're a good candidate. Stop saying like, oh you're first woman and you're in a male dominated. It's so cringe. It just makes you instantly a weak candidate when you just lean into like how you look like I'm a woman, I'm gonna be the first black woman. I'm gonna be the first redhead, I'm gonna be the first gay. It's like, just shut up.


Please just shut up and tell us what your ideas are. Am I crazy for thinking that that's how people should run? It's it's, there's nothing to me that basically verifies that someone is not fit for office and the fact that they can't win it based on merit. And they want you to essentially like give them a bolster for just being a woman. And sadly some people are gonna vote for her just because she's a woman and some people are gonna vote for her just because she's attempting to black fify herself. But I'm hoping and feeling positive that is going to be the minority. And again anyways, 'cause I wanna get to your comments. But before we do, First and foremost wanna remind you If you are on YouTube Rumble right now, hit the like button. Also subscribe. We're getting very close to 3 million subscribers here on YouTube.


And If you wanna support the show and support our independent work, you can head to locals.com. But first wanna remind you as well, the economy has been a major burden on the average American. Wages are flat, expenses are up and it is very hard to manage to pay all the bills, do grabbing credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call. Say to my friends in American Financing, interest rates are coming down and they're now in the low five. So if you're constantly carrying around a credit card balance each and every month at the rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers in average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make your next month's mortgage payment. So call today, the number's (800) 795-1210.


Again that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay guys, before we jump into comments, I'm reminding you focus on Kenneth Harris Sr. This is the mystery. He is Donald's full brother. I think both of them are operatives. I believe I know for a fact based on the family members that they attended Marxist meetings, they were very private about their lives. And then we have Kenneth Harris who disappeared into the New York scene and was apparently not visited by his dear aunt, A dear niece, maybe he was visited by his dear niece 'cause I'm pretty sure she is a communist operative as well. This woman is incredibly dangerous. We have a very short runway to solve this mystery. We are looking for a photo of the real barrel. So If you are in Jamaica and you are watching this, you know people in Jamaica, head down to St. Anne, like, what are you doing? Jamaica's not that big. You can, you can take a drive, a ride, whatever you gotta do, hop a private plane walk, get down to the St. Anne Parish and start asking questions. Follow this series. We know where she worked. We, we know that she had a store. That woman gave us tons of information to work with. She was good at mathematics. She would have been involved in the community in a big way. You can't just run a store and disappear no matter how good the CCIA A thinks they are with deleting the history of these candidates, these manura candidates, I believe that the internet and the community are, are better. I really do believe that. So If you see something, say something. Email us at info at Candace Owens dot com. Okay? Now we are going to jump over to Rumble and read some of your comments. So we will see you there. Let's get ready to rumble. What do you guys have for me today? Azaria writes, I watched your interview with the remnant. It gave me such great joy to hear your love and conversion story where George said about love and marriage, kids, et cetera, was so wise. I will always remember it. Yes, you guys, If you want to see a very rare bird interview between me and my husband being interviewed at the same time, my husband is exceedingly private because, not because he's in the ccia A but because he's British and it's a very British demeanor. But he does always make an exception for his faith. And I'm just very proud of it because people were just a adoring him in the comment section. They're just like, wow, I didn't realize this is who CANDACE is married to. But you can head over, If you look up Michael, Matt, Candace Owens, and George Farmer, you will be able to listen to my husband speak about his faith. And I, I think that no matter what, whether you are Catholic or Protestant or, or honestly agnostic, you can take something from that conversation about our relationship. Z Ger writes, I love you CANDACE. It's my 19th birthday. Hello from west Texas. Z Gerardo, happy birthday. Get to researching. Okay, this is what you need you to do. I need you to give me a birthday present. All right, who is Kenneth Harris and where is Kenneth Harris? Where has he gone in New York City? Happy birthday. Sarah writes, all journalists learned from Candace, you guys are losers. Thank you Sarah. I agree. You know what, there's, they're cowards. It's not losers. They're cowards. They just wanna stay in like this club where nobody actually does anything and they're just there to kind of represent the government while pretending that they're breaking stories. In reality, they're getting like these leaks from the government. It's like the government's like you can tell the population now this little tidbit. And so we're gonna pretend that you got the exclusive. I mean it's just the world truly is a stage. It is a an absolute stage and none of the networks in my opinion, are authentic. Everyone has a boss somewhere. And I think for most people that boss is a military industrial complex. I really do believe that it, we live it. It's a global government. Again, just seeing the similarities between Emmanuel Macron and Kamala Harris and Barack Obama. I'm going, okay, this, this trend just keeps happening everywhere. And it's not just them. I mean Trudeau don't even get me started. That is fully Castro's son, okay? Like Fidel Castro's son is Justin Trudeau. Just look at a picture of Fidel Castro Young next to, and then people have done the research. His mom another weird sex Alistair Crowley type cult thing. That's why I'm so into learning about all of these elite sex cults that I was talking about on previous episodes. I think we spoke about Alistair Crowley on the NASA episode. Yes. If you have not listened to that episode and you're new to the podcast, you should definitely go back and listen to it because NASA has some pretty satanic origins not making me feel great about the moon landing. I'm gonna go ahead with, yeah, huge government operation because of a lot of reasons. But Jack Parsons and the sex cult that they were all in believing that they could summon demons and they could have multiple partners and share


partners. It's like, whose kids are these? Whose kids are these is what I ask about these world leaders that seem to be put into positions of power. And not just by the way, I would say even positions of power within Congress, positions of power within the court system. I I, I truly do believe that a lot of it is much more of it is being manipulated than we would've previously thought. Next comment is from Izzy. Izzy writes, the woman is middle class but was getting flown out to Zambia. Jamaica was taking ballet. Make it make sense. Love from the uk, Candace, God bless you. Yeah, this girl grew up wealthy, okay? Extraordinarily wealthy. It is a nonsense for her to pretend that she grew up any other way.


It really is. The next user writes, God bless you and your family, Candace, you and your husband both have a heart. Eva Kristo Way and Ave ve Maria, Ray and Ave Maria, stay safe. Thank you so much. We really appreciate all the prayers around the world and we just feel very confident. And I think just putting faith at the center of our relationship and at the center of everything that we do, it just changes the game. Like when you have true faith, you just don't worry about the things that are happening right now because you see the bigger picture. Jennifer writes, Candace, did you get a hold of Charlemagne last night? When are you going back on his show to set him straight? Charlemagne, no I did not. Charlemagne, get me back on power 1 0 5. You can't have her on and speaking about black this, black that and pretend that you didn't see this trending.


It's this topic, by the way, has 118,000 tweets trending on Twitter? There's just no way. His team didn't see this. You know, they, I just, I demand these people to retract their statements. Like to, to just show that they are authentic enough to say, Hey, I got duped too. Megan thee stallion. I got duped too and I'm actually not okay with it. And this woman faked a black grandma. She plagiarized entire pieces of I I believe right from Wikipedia, lifted it from her book. And people thought that was bad. And I'm like, no, she plagiarized a whole grandma. She just took a whole gra, someone's grandma, some other woman, likely A, a, a, somebody was working for her family. Plagiarized said, no, that's my grandma. That's my grandma. Barrel lies, unacceptable lies.


APAC writes, keep up the good, keep up the truth. No moon landing fraud. Yes. And for what reason? Hmm. Well If you recently watched the Ashton Forbes interview, because then I think it makes you think that science has been established and if all of the base assumptions are wrong, it actually limits the human mind in terms of how it can grow. If you think that, okay, well this is real and therefore I'm gonna model everything off of this, then yeah, you see it starts to limit our capabilities. And I think that they did wanna limit people in terms of what they could reach in terms of physics, which is what Ashton Forbes was speaking about. Lastly, for four conspiracy theorist rights, because of you, I was able to come outta the closet, the political closet.


I will proudly proclaim that I'm a Republican. Yes, come out, come out wherever you are. You don't have to be a Republican. Like just, I think it's more important 'cause like I think both of the parties have issues to just be conservative, you know what I mean? And to vote for the best candidate in that regard. And just be honest at all times. And don't put your faith in any one candidate. Always put your faith in God. That's always the lesson. I cannot wait after we go through all of these emails over the weekend. It just gets, I love when I have the time to go through everything. 'cause I just know already next week is gonna be explosive. We got some surprises for you guys, people that are gonna be on the show. You are gonna be like OMG, what's going on? And then I'm probably gonna find out some more stuff from her family. You're gonna be like OMG. What's going on? It's gonna be crazy you guys.


We'll see you next week.