
Alright. Right guys. Happy Friday. It looks like the President Macron timer has expired color. Me shocked homie sent a big bad 100 page legal threat with do not publicize, scribbled on it and it looks like he wasn't exactly being sincere. Plus, in the event that you missed my Instagram series yesterday, I got a major scoop on the Justin Bald versus Blake Lively situation. There's this woman on Instagram that is calling this our Roman Empire and it kind of is right now. Long story short, the unexpected villain in all of this is Ryan Reynolds allegedly, and I've received more intel to that effect overnight, So I'll be sharing that with you. But first I wanna discuss the CEO of the Daily Wire. Jeremy Boring appears to be casting a little bit of shade on his former employee, Brett Cooper.


At least that's the way the internet is reading it. And that's certainly the way that I read it too. So what exactly is going on? I'm gonna tell you what I know all that coming up on Candace Owens. All right, so people that are old and toddlers and women that are over the pregnancy, 25 week mark, all savages, I'm telling you, just tell the truth all the time. That's where I'm at right now. That's what I'm feeling right now. And I wanna talk about this B Brett Cooper thing 'cause it, it perturbed me a tiny bit and I'm gonna be very honest to you guys about my investment in this right at the top and just tell you exactly what's gone on in the background because it's becoming pretty obvious to me that there seems to be an effort, a con sort of effort to try to sort of destroy Brett Cooper's reputation before she's even begun her new independent venture.


So I'll tell you who I was contacted by anyways, just to recap. Obviously it's all over YouTube, it's literally everywhere. It's even now on Joe Rogan. The the, the Brett Cooper saga made its way to Joe Rogan last night. I have a clip that, a clip of that for you, but we covered this at the end of last year 'cause it was a major announcement. Brett Cooper announced that she was leaving the comment section, leaving the Daily Wire. It was a rather strained video that she gave at the end of last year. Kind of seemed like she was fighting back tears. And I basically gave my assessment, I thought the company in my view actually handled it as professionally as it could have plausibly been handled given the firestorm of internet, new innuendo that was leading up to that moment. People suggesting that she was being pushed out, people suggesting that there were issues, they were trying to create a clone of Brett Cooper.


But it was obvious, as I said to the public that there was at least some level of drama which involved her former, now former best friend and maid of honor in her wedding earlier that year who had replaced her, a young woman who was formerly her producer named Reagan Conrad, okay, Brett Cooper stopped following the girl. This is relevant to what I'm gonna say in a little bit. She stopped following her, she deleted her across all her socials, plus deleted her from the wedding pictures that she had posted. So there's no debate here. They are not friends obviously. Okay, fine friendships end again, not the biggest deal. So then faster than anyone could have possibly predicted, they just rolled out the new comment section without Brett Cooper and it seemed like Reagan very much was behaving identical to Brett and it was not good.


The market just rejected the show. And I'm not talking about like, hmm, maybe give it some time and we'll warm up to it. I mean, I am talking a firm 90% viewership dip that just seems to get worse every single week. So I'm just showing you really quickly here, these were the views when Brett Cooper was the host of the comment section, you can see she was basically, I would say averaging half a million views and then she was hitting 1 million views or 2 million views on certain videos. And here are the views today, here is the snapshot today. So, you know, high end would be 54,000 views is the highest I can see on this screenshot. Low end, 19,000 views that was posted 16 hours ago. So maybe we're averaging 30,000 views per an episode.


Okay? That's, that's a huge dip. As I said, market has responded, the market has entered, the market has said no, and not everything that you put out as a company works out. And that's just a true thing. You, you take a lot of risk and sometimes that risk does not pay off. For an example, when I was the Daily Wire, I was doing these, these cooking show segments and people did not like it. I thought my food was good. People did not wanna see Candace cooking, they just wanna see Candace spilling the tea. They wanna see Candace talking about a variety of topics. Fine, we just dumped it. Your job as a CEO when you're leading a company is you pivot, right? So you try something, bring it to the market, the market responds. You either expand it because you got it right or you shut it down when you get it wrong. More than anything in a leadership position, your your role is to simply ad adapt to the market, okay?


Not to blame the market and tell the market that it's wrong just to simply adapt. So fast forward to this past month and I start getting some really strange specific calls from journalists. Okay? So first my PR person is informed at the end of last year. And this is exactly what was told to us. You know, there in January there's gonna be a big puff piece. This actually this leak to us came from the Hollywood reporter. It was a reporter at the Hollywood Reporter who was speaking about another reporter who was being put on a, what he described as a puff piece on Ben Shapiro. Why are we getting this phone call? Because Candace, you're gonna be included in it. Why am I being included in this? Doesn't make any sense. Whatever. We get a weird phone call asking me questions about Brett Cooper and I'm just like, I don want nothing to, I literally want nothing to do with this.


Okay? So on January 13th they ran this article, Hollywood Reporter, how Ben Shapiro conquered the MAGA verse. Okay? Alright, Seth Aber Abramovich, okay, but buried in this article, first of course mandatory paragraph stab at CandaceOwens, she's Hitler, Adolf Hitler second coming of, and then suddenly like a little dig on Brett Cooper kind of trying to maybe throw a little mud. Now this came from the reporter, but he wrote conservative social media U users theorized that Cooper's Israel, Hamas opinions got her fired, but Cooper's Camp dismisses this. Now no one theorized that if they did, it was such a small pocket of the internet, maybe you saw a tweet or two.


Nobody in that entire explosion of Breck Cooper leaving a daily Wire was speaking about Israel and Hamas. Like that's like not, was not the theme on the internet. So I found that to be extraordinarily strange that I was then being asked about that, about her Griper tweet, a griper tweeting about her. I'm like, what do we even, she's a 23-year-old girl, she's got nothing to do with this and why are you trying to combine us in this piece? It was weird. Okay, whatever. Let it go. I gave one comment like I basically dunno what you're talking about. Four days later I get contacted again. Four days later I'm contacted by the spectator similar angle trying to push this idea that Brett Cooper might be anti-Semitic, like Candace.


Now it's a spectator. So we know whoever's leaking this to the spectator's gossip column is obviously a boomer, okay? Like she is Gen Z talker famous, okay? Like this is not making it in the circles, this is like old school pr. Let's contact my contact at the Spectator and get them to run this about Brett Cooper. And I refuse to participate in this because I just, it's just so grimy to me to have a girl whose life is just beginning. She just got married, she's 23 years old, no matter what happened, okay, let her move on in her life. Why are we trying to throw dirt on her name for something that we know is so objectively not true? Here's the title of the article that's just talking about how like in your face this was, it was entitled What's Going On between Brett Cooper and Candace Owens?


The answer's nothing. There's nothing, but again, they're just trying to essentially dirty her name. Realizing Candace is dealing with the entire A DL attacking her and calling her anti-Semitic. Wouldn't it be great if we just like threw a little bit of that on Brett Cooper too? So before she even starts her show and what was really strange about it, it was the same exact pattern. So when I left Daily Wire, all of these journalists were writing basically about my Twitter likes. They were like, Candace like to post saying that Jews drink Christian blood. Obviously it was not true. I was liking a post that had more in that. And then the person made a joke, are you drunk on Christian blood, rabbi Schmoley? Like that's the context.


But then all of these accounts start sharing that Candace thinks Jews drink Christian blood. So it was the same thing that was now being done to Brett Cooper. It was hyper focusing on a like can because Brett Cooper, who likes all of my posts because we work together, I I like all of her posts, I like all of Matt Walsh's posts. I like Michael is what if it comes across my theater just like it. And she liked a post which was a, a wrap up, like an annual wrap up of everything that we did. And in that post buried in it was me speaking about my view on Palestine and Israel. So they're taking a like and translating it into Brett Cooper is an anti-Semite, okay? And this is what's in that spectator article. Look at this Cooper liking Owens's post raised questions. Does Cooper agree with Owens's take on the war in Gaza?


Could this be tied to her departure from a daily wire? And does she plan to collaborate with Owens moving forward? And Cooper responds, Brett responds, says I, I like many of my friends' Instagram posts because we're friends. I'm unsure why liking my friend's end of year post a month ago is international news. But this, this reporter keeps pushing. He asks whether Cooper's like of Owens's post was a reflection of a change in her stance on Gaza or an act of post wire solidarity. She again says, when a friend's post comes across my feed, I like them as friends do. So this really gives me the ick. I just, I'm just saying this, this really gives me the ick. Later on in the article, a moment comes, and again, nobody saw this article A because it was behind a paywall.


I only saw it because they asked me to participate in it. And I'll, I'll tell you what I, what I said to the article by the way, like this is my exact quote. I said, can CandaceOwens is too pregnant to comment. I'm not getting involved in this. It's petty, it should beneath everybody, whoever's orchestrating this from behind. It's ridiculous. But then it moved on to kind of this weird moment where Jeremy gives a comment and he says, A year ago Brett told me if she were to ever leave the comment section that Reagan should be her replacement daily wire, the CEO of Jeremy Boing Daily Wire Co. CEO. Jeremy Boing told Cockburn six months later Brett said she wanted to leave and I realized that she was right. Reagan, in addition to being the producer of comment section for two years is a huge talent and a great choice to carry on the show.


But look at Cooper's response to this. She responds and says, I did not select Reagan. She have two comments that are completely at odds with one another. She is not saying much, but she's saying she's disputing what he has said here and it just sort of dies on the internet because I'm not sharing this article. I don't care about this article and I think it's weird. I think the timing of this article is weird. Okay, this brings us now to today and or this week rather is what I should say. And this video that starts circulating. So now you have four days later, January 17th, Brett directly disputed Jeremy's narrative in a piece. Nobody saw it. It's behind a paywall, whatever. Gen Z doesn't read this stuff. Anyways, fast forward to this week and you have a moderator on a Twitter community.


I didn't even know that you could have a Twitter community. I didn't even know that Twitter had this function and the community is called Daily Wire Fan Club and they released this, okay, they release it is extremely upsetting and distressing that Brett Cooper can't be bothered to defend Reagan Conrad, especially since Brett recommended her as a replacement for the host of the comment section to Jeremy Bry. I only hope B Brett eventually releases a statement of some kind to combat the vicious rumors. Now, parking aside, first off, this is very clearly an account that's pretending to be a man. No man starts a tweet with, it's extremely upsetting. You're talking about a 23-year-old girl, okay?


If you are the grown adult man that is pictured in that photo, you, you, you need to get a life extremely upsetting. Oh my gosh. And now I see there's a new narrative that is being launched, which is Brett Cooper is a bad friend and I'm going, what's happening here? So I watched this video and apparently, I'll give you the context here, Jeremy Boring, the CEO Co. CEO of a daily wire released a commentary. And I think it is very fair to categorize it as extraordinarily passive aggressive. Okay? So I'm watching it. I'm going, is it just me or does this just seem off like something here is just off? And it turns out the entire internet exactly that way and it's now everywhere and people are commenting on how off it really is.


And so to tee this up, I don't know why he's answering questions. Thi this could be, we used to do this thing like sort of, you get to ask us questions, but it's usually for the host. I don't know the context of if whether this is an all access live, but somebody asked him a question about mean comments and mean feedback that Reagan Conrad was getting on her show. And you know, the show is not taking off sort of a thing. So he answers it. And I'm paraphrasing here by saying, well actually he explicitly says Reagan is amazing. And also the comments section was not Brett's. Essentially we created the show Epi Daily Wire. Brett is tremendously talented. He says she's talented, she's great, she made the show her own, but also it, it was successful because of our marketing department essentially.


Like it's not just Brett, it's ours. And By the way, Reagan produced the show and also helped to write it. Okay, so I'm now gonna cut to this YouTuber named the Quartering who goes through what it is exactly that Jeremy says in this video so that you can just assess like I, I think honestly the quartering, every thought that I had in my brain watching it, he kind of just said it, here you go. Here's the first thing. What Reagan hasn't done is taking acting classes to be more like Brett Cooper. That is just completely absurd. And it, and it's hurt my feelings a little bit that oh, Brett hasn't done more to defend her friend. Whoa, whoa. So now you know, guy worth a hundred million dollars with a billion dollar company is saying that Brett Cooper hurt his feelings because she hasn't defended Reagan.


Who is not Jeremy Boring, is not related to Jeremy Boring has nothing to do with ge. Why is his feelings hurt? He's like trying to guilt her into making some sort of statement promoting her old show, which she has absolutely no obligation to do. And also they're not friends and, And so the language of making it seem like they are presently friends and you would therefore be, you know, I know the whole world knows that they're not friends. So why would you be hurt by someone not promoting a show of their former friend that that, and also I'm gonna ask the question, can she even speak out about this?


Because it certainly doesn't look like it. And you know, NDAs are industry standard. So that also is another question. Then there kind of gets to this portion where he's speaking about acting classes and I will just let Quartering take this part away as well. Reagan's enormously talented, she's been an enormous part of building the comment section for the last two years. And I've never sent her to an acting lesson. She's never asked me to send her to an acting lesson. I've never asked her to do anything to be more like Brett, if anything we, you know, we've told her make the show as much your own as you can while maintaining the format. But she is like Brett because they are friends and and collaborators have been collaborators on the show.


It's actually ironic because I did send Brett to various kinds of lessons as a perf, oh Shade, shade Uhoh Former not Acting Lessons. Brett's a terrific actress and always the entire time I've known her, she has been, as will be evident when you see the pin dragon cycle. But I did send her to dancing lessons and singing lessons in preparation for her role at Snow White. I sent her to dialogue coaching sessions to help her with her role in the pin dragon cycle. And that's good. That's like I, I feel like this is kind of a kind of a backhanded non noment.


He's basically saying like, well I had to do all this stuff for Brett Cooper, but he is like couching it by, it's like a compliment sandwich. He's saying, oh yeah, she's just so great. Well I did send her to dancing lessons, vocal lessons, dialogue lessons, this lesson, that lesson. So real. But she's fantastic. This is classic passive aggressive compliment Sandwich Boss talk. That's how I read it. It just felt very backhanded. And I'm not sure what, why, I don't know why this is happening right now, why people can't just move on and have an amicable split or if not, if it's not amicable, just move on.


Like again, she's 23 years old and once again in that statement he says, friends, you know, they're friends. That's why they act alike. They are not friends. He knows they're not friends. Everyone knows they're not friends. So what is the purpose of answering a question and saying something maybe, maybe here, let me be charitable. Maybe he truly is the only person in the world who does not know that the two of these girls had a tremendous falling out that the entire internet reported on due to her taking over the show. Like maybe he's the only person who does not know that Brett unfollowed Reagan and deleted all. Maybe he's the only guy and he's really just being like, wow, I think they're still friends right now. Maybe that is true, but I don't think that's true.


I think he knows they're not friends and he's saying this in a way that I just can't comprehend what, what is the actual purpose of this? And it does feel like a backhanded compliment towards a 23-year-old girl. And then he sort of gets into like why the audience doesn't accept Reagan. Like why the show is failing and here's what he had to say. And the audience, whenever Reagan would guest host the comment section, the audience loved her. The comments were almost universally positive. In fact, many of the things that they're now criticizing her for in the comments were the things that they liked most about her. Well that's because she didn't, she wasn't replacing her then she was simply filling in.


I do like this guy's like very common sense. Like everyone, yeah, it's a little different if I'm like, Hey, Brett's gonna fill in for me. And I was like, oh my God, great. I'd love to see that they're friends. And then like afterwards, like, just kidding, Brett was pretending to be her friend and she's stabbed Candace in the throat and now she's got her job. Like ob there's obviously a difference in how the audience is going to receive that. This, that is, there's an emotional understanding here that I think is perhaps being missed, but now it, it sort of becomes like the audience fault. And this is how he concludes that thought about the audience suddenly not liking this show anymore When they didn't know that Brett was leaving the show. And for that reason, I know that most of these attacks on Reagan are completely unfair.


They're completely disingenuous. People aren't really raising these criticisms. They're buying, they're either helping to craft or buying into a narrative which has been crafted by people who want the daily wire to fail and want Reagan to fail in the role. And both will be disappointed because Reagan will not fail in this role. And the Daily Wire will not fail. We, we continue to grow and we continue to succeed. And business is hard and we'll go through a, you're always gonna go through a little bit of a downturn in audience after a very popular host leaves a show. So to me this is a tremendous lowering of the office of the CEO. It seems like he's engaging in high school drama and theatrics and doing it in a way in which he's trying to throw some tar on Brett Cooper's name, but simultaneously saying to the audience, like, you know, accusing them of wanting to see the Daily Wire fail.


It's like, no, they just don't like this show man. Like it's, it's that easy. They just, they don't like the new host of the show. It doesn't mean nobody's rooting against, I I've never even heard or met this girl Reagan Conrad. I just don't think the audience likes the show. I think they appreciated Brett in that role. And I don't think you can just blame the markets and say, well you're going to see like we're we are going to be successful. Like there seems to be this like underlying anger and upset there that the audience doesn't like it. It's, and it's literally, we saw this meme circling on the internet. It's, it's this meme for the comment section. Jeremy Boring shoots the comments section with Brett Cooper then turns around and goes, how could Brett Cooper do this? How could she do this to us? It's okay, totally fine.


And If you think or If you constantly see yourself as like the victim of this as opposed to just taking it on the chin and saying they don't like this, let me create something else, it's not gonna change. You know what I mean? It's just, it's not gonna change. And the comments section pertaining to Jeremy's comments on the comments section reveal that these are just by the way, the top posts in order under the quartering vid, the Quarterings video, this has not interrupted whatsoever. So the guy who made her sign an NDA wants her to speak about something she probably isn't even allowed to speak about. Oh yeah, I'm sure that's not entrapment or anything like that. These people are vile. Are they trying to destroy their company and credibility 'cause that's what it looks like. Next person. None of that explains why Brett unfollowed Reagan and Jeremy on all social media and why she deleted the made up honor photos.


Like no one's being fooled by this. He's upset that the comment section was a cash cow with Brett and he didn't realize how much value she was actually worth. The only reason the DW didn't start an entirely new channel for Reagan was that they didn't wanna throw away the 4.7 million subs and start over. It was purely out of greed in a numbers decision. In my opinion. I think Jeremy is confusing his feelings with his wallet since Reagan barely draws 10% of the views that Brett did. A good CEO doesn't go around talking about his feelings. Why is he publicly call out Brett? Can he not just call her up and explain the problem and ask her to say something? This attempt at public shaming to force her is disgusting. Jeremy boring 100% tells his employees that we're a family here right before he throws them under the bus that Ben is driving the fact that Brett hasn't said anything and that she unfollowed Reagan on social media along with everything else tells me that there were definitely hurt feelings.


Last three here, when you quit a job, it's not your job to get involved in the former employees issue, employers issues. That's correct. Jeremy Boing once again, attacking ex staff while holding them. The strict NDAs, it shows you who he is. Lastly, the DW did Reagan a disservice by trying to insert her into Brett's show instead of launching Reagan's own show. And I really think that if he, if they had paid attention to the comments and what people were saying as all this was going on, as opposed to just thinking that, well you could just do this and replace, they wouldn't be in the situation in the first place. But it's just, like I said, tremendously unfair, ridiculous to assume that people are rooting against you or anybody's coordinating. I don't know the quartering, Joe Rogan is speaking about this yesterday with Warren Smith, like the guy who got fired for being sensible about the trans issue.


He's been on the Daily Wire, he's following this saga and telling Joe Rogan about it and they're questioning like the, you know, the business decisions at the Daily Wire. It's not, there's no conspiracy here. This is a big thing that happened. People have a right to respond to it. People have a right to be concerned about it. And, and you know, if, if you're gonna carry on blaming other people and especially blaming a 23-year-old girl, it's not gonna be a good look. You know, and and to whoever it is that's behind the scenes trying to orchestrate these pieces about Brett, it's nasty business. She's a young girl. You gotta be able to break up sometimes and not have drama. And I, and I'm not implying that that's Daily Wire. I'm telling you exactly who I got contacted by Hollywood Reporter and The Spectator.


I'm just saying that whoever is doing it, it's dirty business and it's not helping the businesses that you think that you're helping. It's certainly not helping Reagan's show by trying to throw mud on Brett Cooper who hasn't even come back out yet. Ladies and gentlemen. That said, we will include a link to Brett Cooper's new YouTube channel under this episode. 'cause I want to support her 'cause I, I just represent that she's going through this. I really do resent that she's going through this as such a young girl and she's so great and she's so kind and she's so classy and she has handled this in the best possible way. Certainly not in a way that I would handle it at 25 plus weeks pregnant. So we will leave it at that before we get into some Blake Lively stuff, which I'm so excited about.


But first I wanna tell you guys some great news because we obviously love PreBorn. So there is the abortion pill reversal treatment which provides women with a second opportunity to choose. It is bringing babies back to life. When you join forces with pre-born ministries, you empower women to reverse the curse. What you might not be aware of is that even though ROE is overturned and abortion has been greatly restricted in many states, the abortion pill has superseded surgical abortions accounting. Now for over 60% of all abortions, PreBorn network clinics are on standby for women in their darkest hour. They meet them with God's love and free services to help them choose life through ultrasounds and the abortion pill reversal protocol PreBorn has rescued over 300,000 lives. You can start this new year right by supporting life and by donating to PreBorn. Today one ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help rescue five babies. So To donate you can just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby or donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also to American Financing. Great company, a lot of Americans are carrying large balances on high interest credit card debt. It is time to take control of that. If you're a homeowner and you've been wanting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you have to call my friends in American Financing Today, American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They are saving their average customer $800 a month. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you could be saving. And If you start today, you may not even have to make the next two months mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or you can visit them on the web at American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Oh, okay. So I was supposed to take it off yesterday then I realized that I kind of just gave everybody a free podcast on my Instagram accounts 'cause I was just, ooh, I kept sharing the cat meme like the, not the cat meme, it's the cat emoji where like that's my favorite emoji where I'm like, oh and this has been me following the Blake Lively saga. And so I'm so sorry for those of you guys that don't like culture. My show is just a mix of everything. I am into politics, I'm into culture. One day we're doing a deep dive on Kamala Harris. Next week will be in Emmanuel Macron. But I gotta just, this Justin Baldoni Blake Lively thing is seizing me. And so a woman said today on Instagram, it is our Roman Empire and this is it. It's our Roman Empire right now. So forgive me, I know, I think I said days ago I wasn't gonna cover this again, but then I got Intel.


It was me. I got amazing intel. Okay, so first let's cut to this headline, this little update in the Daily Mail. And the Daily Mail is saying that Ryan Reynolds is in a desperate bid to save his image amid his wives. Blake Lively's $400 million legal battle with Justin Bald. So he is now concerned and buried in this article. It tells us that insiders claim ready. But it was Reynolds who pushed for the shock request for a gag order 'cause he, they just now are requesting a gag order. And this is a desperate bid to stave off any disruption to all of his upcoming projects and the staff at his company. 'cause he, he runs a company called Maximum Effort Productions and for the sake of his wife's wellbeing.


Well isn't that timely? The quote quotation given to the Daily Mail was Ryan was a driving force in requesting a gag order for Justin's attorney. The insider told daily mail.com exclusively. Ryan's production company has a lot of projects in the works right now and Ryan would be devastated if this impacted these as it is unfair to his coworkers and the people who work at his company. Okay Ryan. Okay Ryan, we're starting to see you for who you are, rather hilariously, apparently there was some medium who went on the show. I should have dug up the clip for you guys to watch and predicted the day before yesterday that the, this entire Blake Lively thing was going to shift around and it was going to be about Ryan Reynolds and it was going to be bad for Ryan Reynolds.


She told this to Drew Pinsky and I did not know this. And when I got my tip yesterday, I just started sharing it. 'cause I was going, this is the only thing that makes sense. The person who wrote to me said that they worked on the set of it ends with us, okay? And that the villain in this entire story is not Blake Lively. It's not Justin Bald, but it is Ryan Reynolds. And now look at, now I look at him and I just go, how did I not see? Look he puts Botox in his forehead. Of course he's a mad man of course, obviously. So essentially what they said is this is what happened. They said that you have onset these things that are called dailies, which is essentially all of the footage that was shot in one day. They said one day Ryan Reynolds comes to set, this is the backstory, comes to set reviews, the dailies, the the raw footage, whatever that was shot today, reviews the script and then he goes into his trailer allegedly don't gag order or sue me Ryan Reynolds.


Okay, I don't wanna be involved in your little drama. I'm just telling my audience what I was told. He goes into Blake Lively's trailer and they have an argument and all of the production assistants overheard the argument. Okay, now what was at the root of that argument? We don't know, but we can assume had something to do with what he saw in these dailies. What he read in the script, who even knows what led him to even visit on this day. And, and the person says that from that day forward he started involving himself that he basically became a chaperone for her on set. He was there basically every day involving in the projects, wanting to rewrite lines. And suddenly Ryan Reynolds was trying to wrangle this project from Justin Baldon. Okay? So that is First and foremost, positively fascinating is I didn't even consider the angle that there had been some sort of a fight that took place between Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds that switched things.


But it makes sense when you look at the lawsuit because Justin Baldon is like, we offered her an intimacy coordinator and she was not okay with it. Then suddenly in her complaint, which I am now referring to as Ryan Reynolds complaint, she's like, there was no intimacy coordinator. And he's like, she was totally fine and joking with me about this stuff. And then all of a sudden in the complaint he's like, she's like, why is he riffing at all? Like we have to just stay in character at all times. Which is a bizarre thing for any actor or actress to say because riffing is a part of the job. Like, you know, I only did drama club when I was in like eighth grade. I think I was a munchkin in the Wizard of Oz. But even I knew that you gotta riff 'cause you gotta be able to riff. That's the whole point. Something could go wrong and you gotta be able to be on your feet.


So it was oddly particular for her to say she was, he was not in character or this or whatever it was, but when you add that she was okay with everything until a certain day, it starts to make sense. So let's go through some of these elements. So the person then told me that what followed was essentially Justin Baldi being completely sides swept by Ryan just trying to peacock him and show him that like it doesn't matter who you are. Like I am the Alister, I am, I am Ryan Reynolds, I have a-list friends, I'm friends with Taylor Swift, I am friends with Hugh Jackman. I'm the person that plays Deadpool. And that is when, and this person was a strong contact.


So this isn't like a little bit of t this is like I felt good receiving this information from another person who said that it was Ryan Reynolds who marched into WME, okay? Which is Endeavor. It's also called Endeavor. It is the biggest talent agency in the world. Every celebrity is under there from Taylor Swift to Justin Baldon and said it's us or it's him. Like you're gonna drop Justin Baldon or you're gonna lose all of us. And, and I obviously that has a little bit of weight at Endeavor if you're friends with Taylor Swift. So here's the article of what happened next. You can see Justin Bald gets dropped from WME in wake of Blake Lively's sexual harassment allegations. That person is telling me that it was 100% Ryan that orchestrated that dropping and it was an ultimatum that he delivered to their door.


So Ryan felt like he won, he had Justin Baldon as we showed you in the basement at his own premier event, even though it was his movie that his production company bought, brought the rights from Justin Baldon in a basement with his wife and his family celebrating it next to Dasani Water making the best of it. And now he gets dropped, the civil complaint is filed and Ryan is like, we won. What Ryan didn't realize, okay, or didn't calculate for rather, was that Justin Baldi shares that production company Wayfair Studios with a guy who is a billionaire. Okay? So Taylors Swift might have influence, but money is money, okay? And this guy made a ton of money in the 1990s.


He's a very tall guy by the way. I think Justin Baldon is six two. And this guy Steven Roski, is basically just living out the rest of his life trying to do good things, right? So this is an article, he lives in Chicago and it says the city's newest billionaire doesn't plan to die. One, he does not want to die a billionaire. His plan for Steve Sorowitz and his wife is to just give away $1 billion in charity during your lifetimes. That's a lot of, he's so rich that his new goal is to give away a billion dollars. Like that's what we're all aspiring to. And this guy, like I said, is just Dr. Dugood. He has no hoarseness race. He wanted to establish Wayfair Studios Studios to do and to bring stories to life that have really good messages.


And I haven't read this book, it ends with us. But apparently there's a really good message. And apparently what I am told is Justin Baldoni truly is kind of one of these bleeding heart libs, as is this guy Steve Swarovski. And they just wanted to like do good things and they're like true feminists, you know, like how can we bring stories to life that tell the story of women's struggles? Okay, maybe not someone that would bite me over for tea, but whatever. So this guy, for no reason because of Ryan Reynolds gets blacklisted from Hollywood because that's how it works. Endeavor says, you're out, you're out. Okay. When Taylor Swift says, you're out, you're out. I'm not saying she did, but I'm saying that I'm sure her name meant something with like, we're gonna leave and Taylor Swift is the godmother to all of our children and this guy's not taking that sitting down.


And so what I'm hearing is that he was the one that was sort of like, hey, like this is not okay. That all this is happening because of the ego or because of the jealousy of Ryan Reynolds, like a, a small man who got jealous, came to set, got jealous and is essentially trying to destroy the movie, trying to destroy this company and getting a a, an actual good company black listed from Hollywood using his A-list contacts. Now here's what's fascinating. This is not the first time when you then start recognizing that this could have been a Ryan Reynolds personality issue that Ryan Reynolds has been accused of being controlling before. Let's remember, he dates women that are like about a decade younger than him, marries women that are younger than him. When he met Scarlett Johansen, who he was married to first she was 20, he was 28 or 29, and then they got married and nobody really knew why they got divorced.


But the closest that Scarlett Johansen ever came to suggesting why they got divorced was for L Magazine. When she was talking, she said this, and I'm gonna show you, it says, I'm sorry, talking to Cosmopolitan Scar Joe, without naming any names, said the logistics of being with one another as an actor are challenging. There has to be a real understanding of how you share your time, especially when two people's careers are going at the same rate. Or even if one person is more successful than the other, that also proves challenging. There may be a competitive thing and the writer includes. That's all the explanation you're ever going to get from Scar Joe on this one. But since she's currently with an art dealer, we assume she's not talking about her current relationship and most likely about the three years that she spent married to Ryan Reynolds, who is you as you may know, an actor.


Okay? So that's her speaking about her relationship, why it may be fell apart. And when you start to realize that all this is going on in the background with Ryan Reynolds and he's at set every day, you start realizing just how over-involved he was in a film that had nothing to do with him. So we knew that he had a blowup. They had a blowup. Ryan Reynolds allegedly screamed in Justin Baldon, he's face at his apartment. Justin Baldoni said he was humiliated that he had never been screamed at like, like that in his entire life. And despite this, Ryan Reynolds injected himself and brought his A-list friends in the form of Hugh Jackman Wolverine to set to create promos, okay?


Promos where it ends with us. But in this promo, he's very clearly taking a jab at Justin Bald. Listen to what he says. Yeah. Oh God, that's cool. It's not every day the husband gets to interview his wife's love interest in a film. It's kind of crazy. I don't remember seeing this on the schedule. Lemme Dive in, shall we? So I saw you posing a photo with Mrs. Reynolds and I'm sorry, what do you call her? Do you guys have a nickname or something? No. Okay. No, just so it's Mrs Okay. No It's not. Every day a guy gets the interview, the love interest of his best friend's wife and the guy trying to replace Ryan as a husband and me as his best mate. Holy, what the hell are you doing?


Messing with my best buddy's wife, Sir, I have no idea what's happening at all today. So I'm starting to thank you guys now that we know, okay, think about what he is saying there is somebody trying to replace my husband's, my, my best friend's husband's wife, right? My best friend's wife, okay? He's basically like shooting this with Brandon Lenner. 'cause that's not Justin Baldon, but he knows Justin Baldon is what, probably five feet away. It's Justin Bald. He's film and he's writing this script. And I don't think it's really a script. Okay? I think Ryan Reynolds is Peacocking bringing in an Alister saying, you can't say no to this. We're promoting your movie. And this is an A-list star that's willing to do it. But he's actually taking a stab at what likely went on behind the scenes here.


He, Ryan felt for whatever reason, intimidated about the relationship that maybe he thought was budding between Justin Bald and Blake Lively. And, and he's saying that in the script and he has a distinctive pattern. Ryan Reynolds, this is his thing, he's a Taylor Swift of the movie industry. When he gets upset with somebody, he puts them into a script. And sometimes it's people that he's working with, actors on set. When he gets mad or he gets angry, he steps out of character and goes off script and uses the character to diminish the actor. How do we know this? Because TJ Miller and they made up after this, I will say that spoke about this on Adam Corolla's podcast. He was saying that he would never work with Ryan Reynolds basically saying he was an absolute jerk and that they had this weird moment where Ryan Reynolds used his character Deadpool, to basically strip him down in real life, take a listen to what TJ Miller had to say.


So we had a really weird moment, really weird moment on Deadpool where he said, let's do one more take. And everyone was like, okay. And I was like, yeah, I'm fine. And then as the character, he was like, horrifically mean to me, but to me cathartic as if, as if I'm weasel, right? So he was like, you know what's great about you weasel, you're not the star, but you just, you know, you do just enough exposition that it's funny and then we can leave and get back to the real movie. So he's riffing how much riffing was done A lot and he's a great improviser. And how much, How much of it Made the cut? A lot of it. And then the stuff that they kept and you see in the the the reel, it's a lot of it is what he's doing.


I'm riffing also the two, the writers were so incredible. But what went South in that moment? Did you react to it? I just kind of listened and thought it was weird and then I got off stage. 'cause then they finally were like cut. And then I got a station and I walked over and the whole crew was acting weird. And then I went up to Kate and I was like, that was weird, right? And she was like, of course it was weird. It was insane. It was insane. And everybody was looking at each other like, what the, is he doing? So this is Ryan Reynolds thing. This is how he offsets his emotion. He channels it through his characters. Like, look, think again. What did he say in that scene? Oh, it's not every day you get to interview the guy that's trying to hit on your wife or whatever it is.


And he's using Brandon Lenner. But this isn't about Brandon Lenner, this is about how Ryan feels about Justin Baldoni. That is what I believe is happening. And you see this, again, I know that we already showed you this, but I'm gonna show you now because now that we have the context that Ryan was the one that was sent on a spiral because of something he saw potentially in the dailies. Again, this is all allegedly now rewatch that nice pool scene. While we know in the lawsuit that he included a bit about, you know, his wife just gave birth and she was losing weight and basically making fun of the fact that Justin Baldon is a feminist and has a feminist podcast. Now watch that nice pool scene where he decided to include a stab at Justin Bald.


Who are you? Well, I'm Deadpool and I guess you're a Deadpool too. But in here everybody calls me nice pool. Oh my goodness. Wait till you see Lady Pool. She is gorgeous. She just had a baby too and can't even tell. I don't think you're supposed to say that. That's okay. I identify as a feminist, right? And there's more, there's a lot of stuff I didn't make the movie where he is more explicit in making fun of Justin Baldon. People are noticing that he even did his hair. Like Justin Bald. The short hair that he has right now is not his usual hair that was for the film. He usually has it up in a ponytail and it's long. So this was very mu much meant to be like, I'm just now outwardly making fun of you and saying everything that I wanna say while pretending that I'm in character or promoting even your own movie.


And this pattern of him being controlling, even going from Scar Joe, somebody mentioned to me, actually, I think it was Brett Cooper pointed out to me, and I shared it on my stories, that the director of Deadpool, the first director of Deadpool, is this guy named Tim Miller. And he stepped down from the job and the quotation that he, that he gave was essentially, according to him, the issue was Ryan Reynolds, he left the franchise because him and Ryan Reynolds could not get along. And he explicitly says, according to him, that Ryan Reynolds wanted to quote unquote control the franchise. So Ryan Reynolds has control issues and something that happened on that set triggered him to feel that he was not in control of his relationships.


Now again, this is me speculating based off of all of the evidence and the picture that is now being painted, that basically Ryan has been on one big rant and wants to destroy Justin Baldon. Now I'm beginning to ask myself, because I just got contacted and I wish the show could have just been two hours later, but somebody else who is very connected to this reached out and said, can you're 90% there, you're just missing one thing. And I'm beginning to wonder and listen, full speculation, no proof for him to go that crazy. Did something happen between Justin Baldoni and Blake Lively? That's my question. Did something happen between the two of them and then he came to set, or maybe he saw a te maybe it was just a text message.


I'm not saying they had an affair. Maybe it was a text message. He was going through her phone, logged onto her computer to order some Uber, I don't know, or Uber Eats. He was just ordering some Chipotle and he saw flu texts coming, I don't know. And he is like, you know what? Go check on what's going on? Then he goes and he gets the dailies and he sees a little bit too much chemistry and he's starting to think, oh, you know what? That's kind of funny. That's how I start all my relationships. I am in movies like I was with Scar Joe, and then I start dating them and I marry them, I sleep with them. And then I did this again with Blake Lively and like, and she's done that too. She also has a history of dating people who she co-stars with from Gossip Girl. And he just goes crazy and maybe he starts thinking they're having an affair or something's going on and he just goes full bore.


But there's a 10% thing that this person's allegedly that I'm missing. I'm gonna get it and I'll have it to you guys by Monday. I'm gonna, I'm, I'm putting the pieces together. But something happened on set. Okay, this is, this is, this story is now coming into focus and Ryan Reynolds is the one that is pushing this. Ryan Reynolds is pretending that he cares now that people riff when it's all he does on the set of Deadpool. Now he's like, stick to the script. Blake Lively, no caressing, no touching, and he's essentially using this lawsuit or attempted to use this, not even supposed to be a lawsuit, whatever he filed in la the complaint that he filed as a way to just destroy a man that he's clearly extremely jealous of. I think that is very clear.


He's extremely jealous. Justin Baldoni, you do not show up on set. Insert yourself. I mean, how weird, I was saying, I was saying to my producer, like when we were doing documentaries, how weird, like my husband showed up and just was like, we're re I'm re rewinding the entire script and I'm gonna start promoting it. That doesn't register as, that's not a secure man. That's an insecure man. That is a man that is spiraling. And it is plausible that Blake Lively was given an ultimatum just like Endeavor, allegedly was given an ultimatum and she had to go along with this to save her marriage. She just had a, her fourth kid I think for kids. And you know, your husband's going crazy. Maybe Blake Lively's, like, I just gotta go along with this, save my marriage. I don't know. And I'm also not trying to present her as a victim because she's played a part in this and maybe it got out of her hands, it got out of her control and now it's fully very much in the lawyer's control and it is not going to end well.


'cause it's, it's already just getting worse every single day. And my understanding is that she's not kind, she's not a kind person from insiders. She has never been particularly Represen presented as a very kind person. But I think this rage, it seems to me that Ryan Reynolds has been on a rage since the day that he allegedly picked up those dailies and he has not stopped. And there's something that Justin Bald did or that he believes or perceives that he thinks his wife likes Justin Bald that set him on this insecure quest. So like I said, I will have it for you on Monday. I'm fishing it out. I'm darn close. Don't send a gag order to me Ryan Reynolds because I don't, I, I'm not gonna abide by it.


I just feel like I just don't do it. Just don't do it. Okay? Or I'll pretend I didn't get it. I'll just jump away from the server. I'll jump into a bush. So don't do that. Just leave me alone. Okay? Speaking of which, speaking of servers, speaking of the people who knock on your doors and say you're being sued, you would be, you guys would be thrilled or shocked. I'm sure you're shocked to discover that Emmanuel Macron and Mr. Mr and Mr. Macro sent me that legal letter. A hundred were a hundred pages of not answering any questions, but saying that like me covering the story is causing her emotional distress. But also, don't publicize this, we don't want you to make, take this public Candace, but know that we are the president of a country that you don't live in.


So you better take us seriously. What? Like, welcome to America. I don't know, cultural differences. You're an idiot for having sent this. Okay? Whoever your advisors are, fire them. This was dumb Emmanuel stupid. Okay? Literally who's ever presented that idea and let that go through is the dumbest person in your inner circle now. Oh, maybe people thought it was crazy. Now everyone now realizes something here is real. Okay? Because this is not what sitting presidents do. So we gave them a full week and 21 questions, very simple questions. Pull some of these questions up. These are yes, majority yes or no questions that we gave them back. You know, we're not trying to lie on you.


So can you answer some basic questions like, did Brigitte Macron ever use the name Veronique? That's question number five might be asking, Hmm. I wonder why Kansas is asking that very specific question. Yeah, you're gonna wanna know, can you identify each child in the Amon family photograph and their current whereabouts? Did Brae Macron physically give birth to three children? That is a, If you think someone's transgender, if someone is saying that, Candace, I think you're really a man and somebody says, I will shut down this podcast and I won't say that anymore. If you answer this question, did Candace physically give birth to each other? Yes, I physically gave birth. Here are the hospitals, here are the pictures.


Yes. So apologize to me publicly because I actually, they can't do that. They can't answer these questions. Okay? And so I'm happy to tell you guys that beginning next Friday, I hope we make that deadline. It looks good. Looks good, looks promising. Beginning next Friday, we will begin our JIT Macron series. I'm happy to show this to you guys. The series will be entitled Becoming Je, an Investigative series by Candace Owens. Yay. I'm so excited. I just can't hide it. Woo. We are so back Trump's in office. Emmanuel Macron. Okay, you stop that. Whatever you think you're doing, you stop that.


I gave you 21 questions and you couldn't answer. I was like 50 cent. Which by the way, speaking of which, this is amazing. And this is like Emmanuel Cron. Too bad he didn't see this clip. But you know, Andrew Schultz and the boys over on the Flagrant podcast, I actually don't know them, I have not met them, but somebody sent me this clip from their show show recently. Basically they're saying that if there's two people you don't mess around with, it's Candace Owens and 50 cent. Okay, take a listen. 50 cent can can can gets a hold of you. Yeah. Any one of them. You're done. 50 or Candace done you don't want, no problem. You're done. I know Candace tweeted, a Candace tweeted a little video of us saying, we don't want no problems. Yeah. Just the fact that she tweeted video of us. I was like, that was, you get the notification done, said No.


No, not Candice. Now Candice, you, you gotta play around with, don't play around with Candace. You don't play around 50 cent. Simple as that. That scare me, bro. Guy, the end. That's just scary, bro. Listen, Macron, you really, I don't know what you were doing instead of this letter, but you were playing around, I think you were playing around. I don't think you ever were going to bring forth this lawsuit in Tennessee. I don't even know how that would work. Bringing forth a lawsuit in Tennessee thinking that I have to abide by the harassment that you are giving to journalists who are trying to present this story. Well meaning journalists in France, who a lot of suspicious circumstances surrounding it. America is not France. And lemme tell you, the South of America is, especially not France, as I said, we don't like the kind of people who are trying to mainstream the idea that it's normal for 14-year-old boys to be maced on by their 39 40-year-old teachers.


So it's just not a thing down here. And I'm looking forward to it now that the whole world is paying attention. I'm looking forward to the, the women especially. 'cause we just become detectives. We become the CIA, essentially the show is now the CIA, the women that are gonna send me so much of what they found. I'm so excited for this part because it's way, it's crazier than the Kamala Chronicles. It's somehow crazier than the Kamala Chronicles. And it involves America. It involves the world. And I know that your real fear is that the English speaking world has not been aware of what's going on in France. And now the English speaking world is very much going to be going on, aware of what's going on in France and they're going to be shocked. And how it even loops in Trump and the raid at Mar-a-Lago and the alleged files that were found on your sex life as reported in The Guardian that caused a trans-Atlantic panic.


Wow. How about a trans Atlantic? What could it possibly be? We're gonna get to the bottom of that. So guys, that series will begin next Friday. And I look forward, and I'm grateful for all of you guys that have supported me through this. Obviously we spent the majority of this time with this podcast being completely demonetized and have relied on just you guys donating to keep this show going. And everything's just been amazing. Truly like, I'm, I'm, I'm so grateful to my audience. I'm so grateful to the detectives, the moms at home, the dads at home, and just like the whole, the whole gang gang out there, it's been amazing you guys. So I'm gonna read some of your comments.


First, I just wanna remind you, If you think my skin is glowing, it's 'cause of Nimi Skincare and you know that I love that product. I actually shared it on my Instagram the other day. The New Year's, the perfect time to refresh your routine, set new intentions, and step into a healthier, more confident you. So If you are ready to invest in self-care that truly makes a difference than nmi Skin Skincare has something special to help you greet the ear with glowing skin and renewed spirit. Right now, If you use Code Candace 10 at checkout to enjoy 10% off of your order, whether you're treating yourself or helping someone else start the new year on the right foot, this is your chance to try NAMI's luxurious skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare is more than just a product. It's a brand that you can feel proud to support because every item is made right here in the USA America baby reflecting the values of faith, family, and freedom. If you're looking for skincare, that's extra Gentle. Nimi also has a line of clean formulas that are free of fragrance and other potential irritants, which is a thoughtful choice for anyone that is seeking a gentler approach. These effective products Nimi can help you begin the new year feeling confident and revitalized. So use code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot.com. The spelling of that is NIMI skincare.com and you will save 10% off of your purchase. So give yourself the gift of glowing refresh, skin and confident skin Nimi Skincare dot com.


All right, ladies, 52 minutes. This time is flying. I just feel like I have so much more, but I wanna say to talk to you guys. I don wanna hang up with my friend right now. Okay. Lemme just see what you guys are saying. I'm not hanging up the phone right now. We don't have to say goodbye. We have Donnie who has commented and said, please interview Nicole Shanahan. She's the only person in California that could get elected as governor and we need her. That I, I'm a, I'm aware she's RFK Junior, she was RFK Junior's running Mate in his 2024 independent presidential campaign. I have heard of her. I'm not invested particularly in California in politics, but this is a, a good suggestion. You know, we're kind of going a different direction with the show. I'm worried about what's happening in Emmanuel Crohn's life, but you know, it's always good to have suggestions.


So we'll take a look at that. Ulysses Oona writes Blake's actions of how she conducted herself during the interviews were still her actions and not Ryan's totally agree. That's what she's, that's what started the organic smear campaign. She still hasn't owned up to anything, even if Ryan pushed for it. She totally agree and I hope I've made that clear. Like my understanding is that she's not a great person either. Like she's never been particularly nice, but this entire drive to destroy Justin Bald is not being driven by her. Allegedly. It's being very much driven by Ryan Bald, I mean by Ryan Reynolds. Feelings for Justin Bald. And so, like I said, I feel like I'm gonna crack it, but I think something maybe happened. But to, to set him off that much, something must have happened because then he tried to, he even tried to buy his film by the way guys, like do we have that, do you have that Skylar showing that he Yeah, Blake Lily's husband, Ryan Reynolds willing to buy out Justin Baldon from it ends with us.


That's not normal kids. Okay. Like, like, Hey honey, bye. I'm going to work. Yeah, I'll be there. I'm gonna put your boss in the basement, then buy a whole company And so that you can be in the films and I can watch you be in the films that you wanna be in. Like that's not the signs of like a healthy relationship. I would say. Sister Bethy writes Candace, I agree. Generation X is very immature. They are 50 and up competing with 30 year olds. They're embarrassing, embarrassing to us all. I'm a Gen Xer, but they make us look bad. And Candace, I wish you were Trump's Press secretary, everyone would look forward to your press conferences. I know it would be so fun, but it can't happen, dude. I've made myself an enemy of apac and the rule is, it's like you just can't work in administration If APAC hates you, it doesn't work like that.


And actually, I, I say I wish I, I could do that, but I don't actually, I love what I do here. This is so much more fun. Like I couldn't be up on the podium being like, lemme tell you a question, But first have you seen the report about Justin bald? Like, whoa. But did you see the video about Brett Cooper? I can't, I wouldn't be allowed to do that. And I don't, I don't wanna exist anywhere. I can't be my full self. Maybe I could do that. They'd be very confused. But I, I probably could do that. If Joe Biden can be president, I can be a, a press secretary that just speaks about cultural issues. Ben Coy writes, Candace, I appreciate how strong your faith is as a Catholic. It makes me feel more confident in my own and inspired me to participate more in the faith as well as at my local parish. So thank you. I love that Ben, challenge yourself to learn the Latin liturgy.


That's my challenge this year. I have not learned it, but I have a missile so it's like English and Latin and I'm getting better. And it's a fun challenge to feel like a kid again and realize that you don't know anything. And actually it's great to have Latin as a language. It's just like the root word there. I, I think it's, it's a, a very good challenge that I've taken on this year or last year rather is when I started it. Alaska dog lady writes Netflix has a Jerry Springer doc, he did an episode with actual Klansmen. When asked why he would do that as a Jew, he said, these people killed my ancestors, but I censor no one. We need that nineties energy back. Yeah, I have pulled clips of the people that Oprah interviewed. It is crazy how much we have been censored even since the nineties. You don't even realize that.


Like they were having all sorts of people challenging conversations. But I think it's, it's, it's growing more censorious 'cause they're not able to control people And so they're just kind of freaking out. Like especially all of these moves to like censor Gen Z. 'cause Gen Z is not pro Israel. Whatever. It's like crazy. And you only do that when you're losing control. A censorship wasn't a thing when Obama was in office. Then suddenly people demanded it when they realized like, whoa, we didn't expect all these people to vote for Donald Trump. We were kind of telling 'em who to vote for and they were doing it. So I think that's, that's definitely one, one piece of it is a lack of control. More people just waking up to what the media entity actually is. Which is something that's quite evil. This person writes regarding Blake, this would make sense because her interviews during the press for this movie almost seemed like she was trying to make it fail.


Maybe she was pressured from Ryan there as well. I don't know, I don't, obviously Justin Baldoni did not want it to fail. I don't know that she would either. 'cause it would be something that's on her resume. And also if I'm correct, she was a producer on the movie, like she was given a producer credit. But I, I think they definitely wanted, or rather, Ryan Reynolds wanted Justin to fail. Martha writes, hi Candace, when are you going to collab with House Inhabit? Love you girl. I did an interview with her, Jessica Reid. She's great, she's phenomenal and I like her a lot So I would love to collab with her, but I just gotta have this baby first. Also guys, reminding you, we are still selling our stand cups, our new ones that you requested, the purple Standest cup.


Everything is Fak and gay because it is and we know it. And just to be clear, YouTube, we see say gay, we are not mocking homosexuals. We are back in the nineties when we say fake and gay. That's the general climate of everything that's happening. And so next week is gonna be a banger. I will have the final T and figure out what happened. That set Ryan off on set allegedly. And we also have, again, if we can bring up that becoming JIT series, which will begin on Friday. Think she'll send me a gag order. I, she did this like whole spread by the way, yesterday in Paris Match. And it was like JE will return, you know, anybody saying anything for her like blow for blow was the language that it was in French obviously.


And she will return blow for blow. I wasn't mentioned in the article, but I was just thinking like, she gonna hit me. Men shouldn't hit women. That feels very wrong. Anyways, we'll see you guys on Monday.