
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


All right, you guys. Happy Tuesday. I think it's time not only for me to be departing and for episodes, but also for us to all wave goodbye to the Me Too movement. That's what it's looking like. A movement which began with Harvey Weinstein. Massive case in the media, at least, is very clearly on its way out. If you need any more proof that men are fighting back beyond Ryan Friedman just dropping all of the receipts, well take a look at this Shannon Sharp case because men are fighting back publicly just as women are bringing about these allegations. So Shannon Sharp, in case you're not familiar with him, is an ex NFL player and podcaster, and he is being sued civilly for rape for a stunning $50 million.


And guess what? He is done. He just went ahead and instantly dropped personal text messages between him and his Accuser. And he also shared her name. He un Jane Doe, her Jane does her or something. This is happening at the very same day that Harvey Weinstein is moving to jury selection for his MeToo retrial. So let's talk about all of that. We're gonna also get to Joe Rogan, who's under attack by the Zionist lobby. We are also going to get to Tucker Carlson, who's unearthing the nine 11 narrative. Lots going on. So let's jump right in. Welcome back to Candace.


Okay, so we have to start with the obvious here. And the obvious is that granddad is nasty when we're talking about, I'm speaking about Shannon Sharp. Like I said, in case you're not familiar with him, he is First and foremost a literal grandfather, a young one to be fair, but he is a grandfather. He is 56 years old, 56-year-old adult man with three children with at least two different baby mamas. He's never been married, but he has sort of perpetually been in court dealing with various paternity suits and civil suits as it relates to the instability of his personal life, his personal relationships. Now, before his personal life took a front seat in the press, Shannon Sharp was primarily known for what he did.


He was an NFL all time leader of receptions in the tight end position. I think his record has since been smashed. But he was drafted into the Hall of Fame in 2011 and that's what's earned him his current platform. He has a contract with ESPN as a sportscaster, as many of these people who leave the NFL do, right? They go either Fox Sports, ESPN sports and they provide commentary. Now, before we get further into his particular story here, I'm always very upfront with you guys about my biases. And I'm gonna be honest with you, I do not like Shannon Sharp. I do not think he's a good person. It's personal for me, okay? Last year being the toughest year on my family in our entire life, and as soon as I got fired from from the Daily Wire, there were certain people who I had done nothing to, who I had never spoken about, who were just like dancing on what they perceived was my grave and just spreading lies about me.


And Shannon Sharp was one of these people who basically came out on his podcast right away and just said, the black community should not welcome her back. Like tried to paint me as this anti-black person because I'm conservative and I ironically don't support movements like the Me Too movement. I don't know 'cause I'm not a feminist, whatever. And he lied to his audiences and pretended I was trying to pivot to black media because I had recently been invited. Before I was fired, I had done some segments. I was on the Breakfast Club with Charlamagne tha God, and then Joe Bud invited me on his podcast and that was it. That was it. But Shannon Char did not miss an opportunity to essentially mock me when I was not in a great state.


So here's what Shannon Char had to say about me last year Sometimes, and it's happened before. People in our community forget that they're black, the, and they try to appease a group of people that's probably never gonna embrace them. And once they realize that, guess who's the first group to take 'em back? We, I don't, I don't know her. You don't. I ain't say nobody's name, Amanda. You don't even know who I'm talking about. I don't know how you know who I talk about, but, but, but you. But we've, listen, we've seen this happen before. Rest his soul. OJ Simpson, you know, he had the famous quote, I'm oj, I ain't black. Even Michael Jackson went through what he went through rest his soul, right?


Even Kanye had to be reminded. And now Ms. Owens, who, oh, I don't want no black SI don't want this, I don't want that. And now we can't keep off our black media stations when before she gave us her butt to kiss. Now if I'm lying, if I'm speaking outta turn people, y'all correct me, but y'all know I'm telling the truth. Now you talking about somebody that's always uplifted this community, and I was one of the first guys that had a, had a, a viral moment with Kat Williams and they couldn't wait excuse, they couldn't wait to attack me. But Candace has given y'all her butt to kiss for two decades in the moment.


What they doing? They can't fire me. They can't fire me. Now look at you, Mr. Shannon Sharp. Ooh, that Candace Karma comes quick, right? It really does. Like I said, did nothing to him. I have no idea what that was about. And nothing he said was true obviously, and I haven't pivoted any of my conservative positions. But what transpired thereafter is he's kind of been in the public for the wrong reason. So in September of last year, he suffered a really rather embarrassing public moment. You guys probably remember it, where he accidentally went onto Instagram live and broadcast himself in the middle of having some sexual relations with a woman.


I could, I kid you not, I don't know. He said he accidentally pressed the wrong button and the public was able to hear him with a woman. Here's just a couple of headlines about that. Forced to release a statement after ESPN Star Star's Instagram shares a live sex tape. So that was not fun for him and it, it really is stemming from that issue, at least that's his allegation, which the current issue arises. He's now in a very serious predicament because a young woman has come forward and she's alleging that she was raped and she was threatened by Shannon Sharp during what she is describing as a quote unquote rocky consensual relationship, that term, a rocky consensual relationship.


So her attorneys filed the lawsuit on Sunday in Nevada and she listed herself or attorneys listed her as Jane Doe. The lawsuit accuses Shannon Sharpe of using physical force on her and inflicting emotional distress on her. And I'll tell you what her story is, okay? Her story is that she was at the gym in Los Angeles back in 2023, pumping some iron. And lo and behold, there comes, here comes Shannon Sharp, they met. Now to be clear, she says she was just 20 years old, which I hate, I hate that a 56-year-old man is hitting on a 20-year-old at the gym. Again, not illegal, But yes, probably very immoral. I think we can all agree like going after young women who are younger than your daughters.


It's pretty gross. He would've been 54 at the time. And from there on the two of them start a relationship, a two year sexual relationship followed. Now she's alleging that the rape element didn't occur until October of last year. And then again, so she got raped in October of 2024. And that again, allegedly this year in January. So obviously for those of you that are following her Harvey series, that's immediately for me where I pause because what jumps out is the persistent question that I have in these circumstances, which is what would incentivize any young woman to go back and continue relations with an alleged rapist.


I just, you know, again, common sense, not saying I have a degree in whatever degree you have supposed to have a degree in, but I am saying that sometimes it really just just comes down to street smarts and common sense. Actually, most times it does. Anyways, the plaintiff is being represented by attorney Tony Buzzby. That name sounds familiar to you. He is involved in a lot of big named suits. He's made a name for himself. Most recently, Jay-Z came out and said, this guy is a shake down artist because he was essentially trying to loop Jay-Z in with the Diddy accusers. He's representing a litany of Diddy accusers.


And he made an allegation that Jay-Z had done something to a 13-year-old. I never jumped on that. I looked into it and it sounded to me like it did sound, the case sounded fraudulent to me. I didn't, I didn't buy it regarding Jay-Z. But he's been involved again in a lot of these cases. And one of the things that he has done is he's immediately released audio to the public of Shannon Sharp, threatening this young woman. So now she's 22, 23, and I'm gonna allow you to take a listen, I'm going to allow you guys to be the judge and jury and we're gonna take a listen to the audio that Buzzle Buzzby has decided to release. Take a listen.


Anything I say you're just gonna like get mad at and you're just gonna hang up on me. So I feel like I'm gonna go hang up on you. What? It's What? What does that even mean? Nothing Gabby, you wanna be a to me now, So I don't wanna be, don't manipulate me. I don know that mercy, If you sit there one, one more time, I'm gonna choke outta you when I see you. Thank you. Well, I don't want to be choked. Yes you do.


I don't think you have AdChoices in the matter. So You hear that and you don't have any context and you're going, okay, well he definitely did just threaten to choke her that he was going to choke her and that she would have no say in the matter. And she says, I don't wanna be choked. Right? Case closed or is it closed? Now here's what I know, I know that in a typical scenario, if, if we went onto a time machine and traveled back to yesteryear, we would be very accustomed to these male defendants issuing a very buttoned up statement via their lawyers denying their fault, maintaining their innocence, but also then moving on to sort of maintain their silence in an effort to allow the courts, you know, some statement like, you know, we look forward to our day in court to work through the details, right?


That's not what Char Shannon Sharp and his legal team has opted to do. Like I said, in the wake of Brian Friedman just dropping the messages on lawsuit info.com, it seems like now men are fighting fire or perceived fire with fire. And instead he posted a statement onto his Instagram, which was drafted by his lawyers and he included text messages from this young woman. And I'm gonna show you what that statement reads. Now, I'm not gonna read every text message just because it's quite graphic, but these are text messages that are coming, I feel comfortable reading that are coming from this young woman. It's a statement by lawyer Lanny j Davis, and the text message reads, I want you to put a dog, a collar around my neck and choke me with it while you are bleeping.


Okay? Okay. Well that immediately suddenly makes us go, what kind of a relationship was this? You see, it always offends our senses when we hear something like that. And a man, and, and this is re reminiscent to me of when I looked through the Romanian case regarding Andrew Tate. And when you get these out of context messages and you just go, this is awful and this is violent, but then you get another piece of the equation and you, now you have this woman saying, I want you to choke me. Allegedly these are messages are being alleged by his lawyer. I would assume the lawyer's not trying to be disbarred and, and he has confirmed that these are true messages. We can pull that back up. I'll continue reading the statement and then suddenly you're going, okay, what kind of a relationship was this?


'cause she's describing it as consensual. And then he just names her. He's like, this woman's name is Gabriela Zuniga. This is her text message from her to Shannon Sharp on October 7th, 2023. And then she says to him in a different text message, which is from January of this year, quote, I know you miss this big juicy double As. And she ends the message with $25,000 for each cheek, very expensive cheeks. It's very expensive, very pricey. And then the lawyer continues in the statement, he writes, this lawsuit filed by Gabriela Zuniga, again just unmasking her.


He's like, forget the Jane Doe stuff. It was filed by this young woman and orchestrated by her attorney Tony Busby is a blatant and cynical attempt to shake down Mr. Sharp for millions of dollars. It's filled with lies, distortions and misrepresentations, and it will not succeed In her effort to extract a large financial settlement. Ms. Zuniga presented Mr. Sharp with a secretly recorded video of a consensual sexual encounter. We believe the video has been heavily edited and taken entirely out of context, crafted to falsely portray a consensual act as non-consensual. Ms. Zuniga has refused to provide a copy of the full unaided version of the recording to Mr. Sharp's legal team.


To set the record straight, we are re, we are releasing several of Ms. Zunigas own explicit text messages to Mr. Sharp that clearly indicate the nature of their relationship was consensual and sexual in nature. And in many cases initiated by her with specific and graphic requests. Contrary to the allegation she makes in her lawsuit, consensual sex continued until January 2nd, 2025, the day after she asked for $25,000 per cheek as quoted above from her text message to Mr. Sharp. There are other examples of texts from Ms. Zuniga, for example, this one I am not comfortable reading, but basically she's asking for him to put a baby to, to impregnate her, I guess is the most proper way that I could say that.


And it just gets increasingly more graphic about how she wants to have a black baby, his black baby to be sure. And so they're sharing this and it, like I said, this is why you have to wait for the full context of, and it doesn't make like Shannon Sharp a an amazing person. I think he's gross. And I do not understand these sorts of relationships where people are craving violence. But you can imagine, If you are with a girl, and I'm not saying this is the circumstance, we need to, we'd have to read through everything in its entirety and she's got these like rape, like violent turnons or kinks and you guys are into this together.


And then one day you're set up and she's recording everything and removing it from its context because she knows that the average member of the public is not going to read this is anything other than just violence. Well, then you have somebody who is indeed trying to con you and trying to extort you for money. We don't know. Okay? What I can tell you is that in addition to this, Shannon himself posted a public video statement on X. So I'm going to allow you to listen to his response, to her lawsuit, To my family, friends, supporters and colleagues. I want to speak to you directly and from the heart. This is a shakedown. I'm gonna be open, transparent, and defend myself because this isn't right.


This is all being orchestrated by Tony Busby, who is targeted Jay-Z. Tony Busby targets black men. And I believe he's going to release a 32nd clip of a sex tape that tries to make me look guilty and play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. That video should actually be 10 minutes or so. Hey Tony, instead of releasing your edit, put the whole video out. I don't have it. Or I would myself, you know what happened? And you're trying to manipulate the media. The encounter in question took place during the day at her invitation. And now that appears to be a deliberate setup coordinated by Gabby, also known as Carly on OnlyFans. Gabby and Tony Busby want $50 million.


What they're getting is sued for defamation and trying to take me down. My career is all about real talk and honesty. I know my family and fans know exactly what this is about and I'm going to be out there telling you whatever I need to say, just like I always do. I love all you guys. So here's my take. I think it is probably true that he was set up. I, I think it is probably true that this young woman wanted money. I think it's probably true that she intentionally engaged in this sort of, I don't even know what to call this kind of kink. Is it like a bestiality? I don Well, well I don't know what people are into these days, okay? I've aged out. I, I should really be referring to myself as a grandma.


But I will also say this, you, these people put themselves into these scenarios, right? And again, over and over again, we are seeing Shannon sharp in these sorts of scenarios and continually having to make these sorts of statements so that he can ironically or un ironically preserve his job and his reputation. How about just behaving well behind the scenes? How about not being a 56-year-old man that hits on people at the gym to avoid these sorts of circumstances? It's hard to feel bad for him. But of course in the courtroom it's not about who you feel bad for or whether or not you think he's a moral man. It is about whether or not you believe that Shannon Sharpe raped this young woman.


And with what I've seen in terms of the text messages thus far, I I do not believe that it is likely that this was a rape scenario. It does look like a shakedown to me and that's difficult for me to say as someone who does not appreciate this man whatsoever. But it, it's now leading to a larger conversation, which is the way that he's fighting this fire with fire. I think what we are starting to see is the end of the Me Too movement. I believe that it is going to be a perfect circle. It is going to come back to Harvey Weinstein. They are now moving to pick jurors in his retrial after it, the appellate judges throughout his case, which I am very excited about because it is something that I've spent a lot of time looking into. And what happened to Harvey Weinstein was wrong.


And now we have the Hollywood reporter acknowledging that, yeah, it's looking like the public sentiment is shifting when it comes to the Me Too movement. They've written article after article, they've mentioned us, they've mentioned this show which is getting out to the people and saying, this woman that you thought was a victim, here's some further context that you never saw because the media was irresponsible and didn't show you the other side of the story or didn't show you her text messages or show you her emails. And it starts out by saying, and we can pull up that article, it's written by Winston Cho. It says, Joe Rogan was eating an elk steak while watching the first installment of Candace Owens's latest project, aiming to exonerate Harvey Weinstein.


When he came to the realization, came to the realization he agreed with the far right commentator, I can't believe I'm, I'm on Harvey Weinstein's side. He said on a March 22nd podcast, I thought he was guilty of like heinous crimes. And then you listen and you're like, wait, what? What is going on? The episode nodded to the seminal mo moments in the Me Too era since Weinstein's sex crimes conviction in 2020 that I've given critics runway to argue that the movement went too far. It then speaks about Johnny Depp's defamation victory over amber hurt. It speaks about obviously the ongoing Blake Lively and Justin bald saga and then point to Rogan's takeaway, which is quote, if this happened in the eighties, it probably would have been thrown out.


And it is the reality that over and over again we are seeing that a lot of these circumstances are about taking businesses, about taking over movies, about trying to get a lot of money from people when they are at their peak in power. And it does need to end there. There needs to, in my opinion, be severe consequences for people that bring about lawsuits and are doing it motivated by reasons other that are being expressed to the public. Not because they're victims, but perhaps because they want money. And I think that Harvey's lawyer, Arthur Adayla said it correctly when he was asked about this particular case and why it's so important, he said that he's betting that the climate around me too is gonna play in Harvey Weinstein's favor this time around, or at least not play against him.


And he said, quote, people are realizing that the phrase belief women is an anti-American and anti ends of justice, idiotic statements. We shouldn't believe everybody. We should determine given our common sense whether they are telling the truth. And I say amen to that. I also wanna button it with this. I what I mentioned earlier, you know, I know yesterday we were kind of speaking about a lot of the things that move me or people were asking the question, what made you move toward the Catholic faith and decide to be baptized Catholic? And I said, I'm not kind of fully ready to tell that story, but when I look at these circumstances of Shannon Sharp and and Harvey Weinstein and the things that they do have in common in these suits that you hear over and over again, it's, it's broken men.


It's men that are breaking things that were whole. It's men that like Harvey Weinstein, who was betraying his wife and would've never been in that predicament, in the predicament that he is still in. Had he not have cheated on his wife. And I, I remember that one of the books, the first books, the actual first book that I read on Catholicism because my husband was leaving it toward my bedside. But it was a moment for me. It was just one sentence and it was talking about sin. This is written by Robert Baron and it was speaking about what sin actually is. And it was getting into the etymology of the word the devil. One sentence, it says one of the typical biblical names for the devil is ho diablos derived from the term din, which means to throw apart.


If God is a great gathering force, then sin is a scattering power. Okay? So if if when things are holy and things are godly are things that are being brought together and when things are intentionally being torn apart and things are scattered, then those things become more sinful. And so when we think about, when I thought about that, I really, really saw that for a long time in the context of broken families, everything that we're suddenly trying to break apart, right? Oh no, people don't need to have families. P we're we're talking about ripping babies from their mother's wombs. And every kind of one of these cultural conversations that we're having having is always a breakdown.


And I think that's why our society has led more and more towards sin. The breakdown of marriages, even now, the breakdown of gender, you know, but you don't have to be just a whole gender. You could be binary and you can be floating. I think all of those things lead to more sin. And so while we do need to have a conversation about the court systems and what they're doing and engaging in acts of what I believe are injustice because they pursue social justice, we also need to equally place blame outside of the courtrooms on these men too and what they could be doing different and how they could lead, lead more lives that are, are fuller and more whole and therefore less sinful. And that's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


Okay guys. Now reminding you about PreBorn as I do on many of these episodes, 'cause we live in this culture that tells women that motherhood is this burden that choosing life is the end of their freedom. And that couldn't be more of a lie. PreBorn is the nation's largest pro-life organization that stands for truth. They believe that women deserve better than abortion and they prove it every single day through free ultrasounds and and compassionate care for up to two years after the baby is born. PreBorn is helping women see their strength, their value, and their future. And when a woman sees her baby on an ultrasound, she's twice as likely to choose life. Not because someone forced her to, but because she saw the truth for herself. This is about empowering women to make informed decisions and showing them that they are not alone. If you'd like to give you just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash CANDACE


also reminding you about Pure Talk. Do not get suckered into the same old free phone game by Big Wireless. Those deals come with a lot of fine print, like they require you to sign up for four lines, activation fees, all many more things they want you to do at the end of the day, you've probably paid for that free phone three times over. There is a better way. Pure Talk, which is my sponsor and my wireless company, has a much better offer. The qualifying plan of just $35 a month. You can get the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. This phone is virtually indestructible Gorilla Glass and it captures beautiful wide angle photos with next generation camera lenses. All you have to do is switch to Pure Talk for just $35 a month. You'll get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspot. All of that in America's Most Dependable 5G network. So go to pure talk.com/owens to make the switch. Again, that's pure talk.com/owens to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with a qualifying plan. If you switch to Pure Talk, it's wireless buy Americans and for Americans.


Okay, let's get into some stories. I am going to be deeply upset if I miss the summer paternity leave, but Tucker mentioned, so he was interviewing this guy Kurt Weldon, we're gonna talk about him in a second. And he mentioned ahead of that interview that he was working on a nine 11 documentary and I was like, whoop, the internet is about to melt down Tucker Carlson plus nine 11. And he sort of, you know, entered by saying back when it happened, I didn't have any questions and now more stuff is being revealed and I have questions and I know that when I did my nine 11 episode, which we should go watch Woo, the media did not like that one. But yes, of course anybody that grew up during nine 11 or remembers it as I do as like an indelible part of their childhood knows that we were lied to about a lot.


Okay? We don't just go flying fi finding passports like on the ground. I mean just so many ridiculous lies. I am not even going to count them. You really do wonder about Tower seven and how that came down remarkably the only one in history that ever came down like that. Anyways, Tucker was interviewing Kurt Weldon, If you don't know who that is, he used to serve as a Republican member of the House of Representatives from 1987 all the way through to 2007, representing the District of Seventh District of Pennsylvania. And after 20 years in Congress, he was just about to become the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee when everything changed because he publicly questioned the accuracy of the nine 11 report.


And now for those of you who know about like the war and commission, all of these like commissions and reports stood put together after big events happened. Like JFK gets shot are total shams. And he called it out right away thinking that actually the state wanted to get to the bottom of nine 11 and they started realizing, okay, wait a second, why does it seem as though the state is a part of nine 11? And so in retaliation for him questioning the efficient nine 11 report, the Bush administration sent federal agents to his daughter's house and ended his political career. And he has not stopped fighting all of these years to get the truth out about the nine 11 Commission. So I'm just gonna show you one clip of what he said on Tucker's show.


Take a listen. What do you think the core truth of nine 11 September 11th, 2001 is? I I, I don't at this point in time, I have my own perceptions. I don't have something I can give a hundred percent I can't swear on, but I, what I'm seeing bothers me to the core of my body that nine 11 did not happen because a group of hijackers got control of some planes. First of all, I have confirmed that two of the hijackers that were on one of the planes in New York were working for the CIA, they were on the CIA payroll. And that was confirmed to me by someone in writing from one of our agencies.


And I had that letter. So two of the people involved were actually working for the CIA in one of the planes. I know that. And they lost control of them. And there were reprimands against those agency people after the fact. Second, I know the intelligence, they tried three times to transfer the information about information that could have prevented nine 11. That's fact to The, to the Justice Department. And I have the name of the person that at the Justice Department, they contacted and she was told to cancel the meetings. They couldn't have the meetings. Who, Who did that order come from? Who That's that, that's what needs to be investigated. Okay? And then we have John Crane, the Inspector General of the Pentagon who went to the extent of issuing a request for whistleblower status because he was told to lie to the Congress and lie about pre nine 11 intelligence and able danger.


And then we have general, the the book by the general in his comments that he knew within seconds of none of this is in a nine 11 commission report, the nine 11 commission report is a piece of garbage. Hmm. Who could have been behind nine 11? It's a big question. Just some things. I noticed all of the people who are the most adamantly opposed to looking into who shot JFK who was behind the shooting of JFK are the same ones who are just as adamantly opposed as digging up anything regarding nine 11 that doesn't fit the cookie cutter narrative that we were spoonfed since we were kids. That's something I've the same people that seem really fired up about making sure that nobody looks beyond the official commissions and reports or asks any questions about the blackmail and the stuff that we have uncovered over the years or asks any questions about Tower seven.


And its remarkable ability to, to go down like it was a controlled demolition or ask, ask any questions about why they locked down images of whatever it is that hit the Pentagon or ask any questions about Lucky Larry Silverstein and those art students that were visiting the Tower seven. Anyways, anyways, I, it's just some things I've noticed, but I am educated and I know we are not allowed to ask questions. Asking questions is now banned. It's not okay to ask any questions. We just have to accept the narrative. And the narrative is like, you know, the Saudis hit us on nine 11 And so we went to war with Iraq because they had weapons of mass destruction that were never found.


And so we went to war with Afghanistan and that makes perfect sense. Yeah, I don't think we need to ask any more questions beyond that. Anyways, he also spoke about Gaddafi. I'm one of these episodes I was telling you guys about the Libyan president Gaddafi must read his speech before the un the speech that definitely got him killed by the west where he just calls out JFK the assassination of MLK. He starts asking questions about Israel's reactor and says what Everybody knew that he was standing up to Israel and didn't want them to go nuclear. And the next thing you know, wham, this guy, despite the fact that they were a member nation of the UN gets murdered in a brutal and a graphic way.


And also something else that he did, which is a huge no-no was he was trying to move Libya and African countries to the gold standard. Everybody knows you mess with the Federal Reserve, you know, you mess with the people just being able to print cash and that's a good way to get yourself killed. His was very graphic. He was sodomized on camera. It was handed around. Hillary Clinton was like, Yippy, this is amazing. Putin watched it and said he'd never trust the west again. But here's t Weldon speaking on the truth regarding Mua Mar Gaddafi. But you think that the, the people who are hiding the truth about nine 11 are capable of murder?


Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I, I guess that would be obvious since 3000 people were murdered that day, just like Libya, we, we were the ones that caused Gaddafi's death because Hillary Clinton played a game over there. And I, I was the one that went over there during the war. Kaddafi asked me to come over. I took a Biden staffer and a Bush staffer and a film crew, a leader from a, BC one in New York, Larry Menti with me and a cameraman. 'cause I didn't want the C to set me up. I hand-carried a letter back from Kaddafi offering to resign. The US didn't want him to resign, they wanted to kill him. Why? Because Kaddafi and I met him three times. I took Biden on my second trip to Libya by the way he went with me when I spoke to the whole country. And every meeting I had with Kaddafi, he wanted two things. He wanted to unite the African continent into, into a group of nations economically like European Stan Gold, like the European economy.


They want to based on the gold standard and the US and Europe didn't want that. And the other thing is they wanted control of his oil and they wanted control of his sovereign wealth. So Gaddafi had to go, that's outrageous and it's wrong. Yeah, But that I think sounds right to me. I Mean, but we've allowed so many of our kids to be drawn into conflicts to be killed. And these people doing this are, they've never served in any capacity in our country. They've never been in the military, they've never served in a fire ground. And it's outrageous that they think they can get away with us and sit back and make all this money. Its outrageous. Positively agree with that. It is outrageous and it's why me And so many others have been so vocal against the obvious.


I I I wish we could just go back and pull every clip of me saying they are going to want to push us into war with Iran. For the last four years, it's been so obvious the whis on the wall, as soon as bi Netanyahu says we wants to go to war with, we gotta go to Roy War. And yes, of course, no, his kids are safely in Palm Beach like enjoying Mar-a-Lago. But your kids are gonna have to go fight. And at first they laugh. Oh this is so crazy. And we're just inching ever closer to war with Iran. And it's why they are so obsessed with controlling this narrative of wanting us to believe that Israel is a victim and that we have to go fight this huge war with Iran, which we will not win and we will suffer because of it obviously. And people who point that out are just being smeared ruthlessly, but it's not working anymore.


And so this kind of easy moral position to have, like women shouldn't be ruthlessly murdered alongside their children. Like 18,000 kids being murdered are too many children to be murdered. They try to complicate it. Like this is what the, the intellectuals in the academic class is constantly trying to complicate it. Like you, well listen, you just don't understand. I said it was on Twitter the other day and someone, someone was saying, these people argue like they're five years old. Yeah, that's a compliment. Like yeah, toddlers pretty much have a pretty good base understanding of morality. It takes the intellectuals to drive us into the worst hu situations that we've ever been in.


All across humanity. Actually, If you read Thomas Soul, it's one of the things that he points to consistently, like every disaster of the 20th century was thought up by intellectuals that went to Harvard and Stanford and got fancy degrees like he did. He went, he's like, I went to Harvard So I could laugh at these people who think that they're so smart and they wave around their degrees and tell you where they went. They've never seen war, they've never seen anything, right? And they just tell you and lecture you about what you need to care about and what you're not allowed to care about. Because what they understand is something that the laymen can't understand. Look how many fancy degrees they have. And so obviously it was a big deal for the Zionist lobby to have the world watch Dave Smith versus Douglas Murray who I like by the way, Douglas Murray is not like some of the Zionists that I strongly dislike, but it wasn't a strong showing to question them about whether or not they've been to Israel.


As if that would somehow make their arguments more legitimate. I've been to Israel, I can tell you Dave Smith is infinitely more educated on the topic than I am. And that obviously didn't play well. And so pretty much all of Joe Rogan's audience is having their perceptions regarding this debate shaped by that conversation and recognizing that we're somehow now back in Covid expertise territory. Remember the covid experts were like, you just, you know nothing, you shouldn't even be speaking. It's so dangerous. Well Sam Harris was a part of that syndicate. He called me and told me I was so responsible with my platform 'cause I was advising people not to get the vaccine. And how dare I, he went to Stanford, he was telling me that he knew all of these doctors in Italy.


He literally told me this on the phone. He knew all of these doctors in Italy and that I needed to understand how these things spread and that there's medical things that I don't understand and that there were gonna be gurneys in the street. I remember him saying that to me, gurneys in the street, unless I advised my audience to stay at home, stay indoors and let their grandmas die by themselves. Like that was pretty much what Sam Harris said to me on the phone. And I hung up the phone with him, I was very polite and I turned around to my husband and I said, this man is deranged, literally crazy. But he went to Stanford and his mom like created golden girl. So I guess he's smarter than me. 'cause like who am I? I'm a kid from the wrong side of the tracks. I didn't go to Stanford or Harvard. There's a little bit of common sense that like, you know, if you're desperately trying to get me to put something in my arm, I feel like I shouldn't put it in my arm.


I don't know, is that crazy? Like I just feel it was a little too much, too fast, too hard. And we ended up being proven correct despite the censorship re regime, despite the experts, despite the Harvard and the Stanford classes of, of the decades coming forward and condemning us for our lack of intellect. We were proven correct. Okay. And so now what they're trying to do to Joe Rogan is the same thing that the Covid Nazis tried to do to Joe Rogan when he was like, yeah, I threw the kitchen sink when I got covid, I threw the kitchen sink at it. Figuratively. And you know, he, I think he said he did IVs, he took Ivermectin and they were like, oh, that's a horsey warmer. That's the craziest thing I ever heard.


And he was proven correct obviously. And so now that same class of people, and I'm referring here to Sam Harris is basically trying to make it seem just like as they did with the Covid people, they were like, people who don't get the vaccine studies show that they're likely sociopaths, right? They're trying to pretend that Joe Rogan just needed an intervention and they sent Douglas Murray to try to save him from himself by recognizing like you got a side with Israel or something. So this is Douglas Murray, I mean, sorry, this is, it's Douglas Murray, but this is Sam Harris speaking to Douglas Murray about the aftermath of his conversation on Joe Rogan with Dave Smith. And Sam Harris is essentially arguing that, you know, Joe Rogan's just like an insane person who just needed an intervention.


That's, that's all he needed. And bless Douglas Murray's heart for trying to do that for him. And Sam Harris is, you know, they're gonna really hope for Joe Rogan that he comes over to the right side. Take a listen to how pompous and arrogant Sam Harris sounds. It is sickening, But I want to start with the intervention you attempted to perform on our mutual friend Joe. I I, I hope, we hope he's still a mutual friend that remains to be seen. I, I guess, but, and his sidekick Dave Smith over on the podcast because I, I thought what you attempted there was fantastic and much needed.


I mean these are, this is, this was a, a kind of moral intervention, which I thought was very important to do. I've been attempting my version of it, not directly in, in dialogue with with Joe, but I certainly would do that as well. But what, you know, it was, I thought what you said was quite brilliant and important and I think there are probably a few crucial points that were misunderstood. A moral intervention, that's what you guys need. If you don't understand why your children have to die for BB net and Yahoo to advance what he's been wanting to advance again in the Middle East, it's because you need a moral intervention and you need no one other than some rich kid's son who grew up and went to Stanford because of connections to remind you about your moral obligation.


Now you might be thinking, Candace, how about no, how about I'm tired of going to work and having my taxes going overseas. You don't understand, you're not intellectual enough, okay? And actually you're not even intellectual enough for people like Sam Harris to speak to. So don't discuss to me any further by suggesting that he would ever lower himself and speak to somebody like you. But Joe Rogan, they were friends and this he was, it's just a moral intervention that they're trying to stage. Come back, come back to them, Joe Rogan, come back to Sam Harris, he can show you the error of your ways. Meanwhile, over on Joe Rogan in the aftermath he had on comedian Tim Dylan and they were just mocking the absurdity of thinking that people need to go to places to have been somewhere to just not be able to see, see that water is wet again, common sense and yeah, common sense as we shouldn't keep blowing up children and women and pretending that is real as a victim in this.


Here is Tim Dylan on Joe Rogan. There is an argument to be made that that level of devastation and death is worse than you talking to someone on your podcast. Allegedly there is an argument to be made, it's probably not a good one. The amount of damage there is an argument do with just talking the, there is an argument to be made that, you know, starvation and stuff like that and people dying is worse than a podcast. But wait a minute, I wouldn't make it. Wait a minute before you say that. Have you been there? Right? That's a good point. Have you even, you haven't been, by the way, how is he in all these wars? Can I just go to wars by the way, how are you allowed, are you allowed to just go to wars?


Is that the way? If you have, you should least, can you just go to fantasy of going, can I just go to wars or do I have to come back and say what people want me to say about the wars? Can I go to the wars and have my own opinions or do I have to have the opinions? Not If you wanna go back. That's right. That's right. It's very interesting this war tourism, how do I get on this war? Tourism, yeah, I'd like to go to the Ukraine. So while Sam Harris is speaking literally about a moral intervention, obviously Joe Rogan and Tim Dylan are having fun and mocking it because the laymen us people, you know, we're so uneducated, but we get it, okay. We get what's right and we get what's wrong and we don't need somebody to write another book trying to convince us that a war has nothing to do with us and is not going to better our lives is the right thing for us to involve ourselves in because of the experts.


And so the Zionists are going nuts online over this clip freaking out. How dare, how dare they laugh? How dare they have a good time? How dare they be relatable? How? How dare they speak to people like they're not above them? And these are some of these like Zionist tweets, Rogan clutching his pearls. This guy is kosher Cockney Rogan mocking Douglas Murray Rogan. Clearly butt hurt that his friend Dave got called out on his bull. The fact that Joe and Dave are still talking about this shows it's hurt their feelings. They got called out sad to see how low this podcast has sunk. You mean like the number one podcast in the world? Joe Rogan. Okay, cool. I want, I wanna sink like that.


Please. Here's another one. Funny how Dave Smith and Joe Rogan suddenly have so much to say now that Douglas Murray isn't in the room. Pure cowardice. Okay, so it wasn't pure cowardice when Sam Harris was talking about staging a moral intervention, but like somehow Rogan making a joke, it clutch your pearls. It's all ridiculous. It's also overdone. Cheryl here, judging by this bit by Joe Douglas Murray achieved what no one before him has managed to do. He finally got Joe Rogan to take off his mask and show us exactly who and what he is. Oh no, the Z bees are coming for you, Joe, you better duck before you get stung. Then this last guy, Joel Petland writes, never traveling to the region that you obsessively comment on is surprising.


It definitely calls your opinions into question mocking the person who's actually been there and is able to support his views with firsthand knowledge is a really bad look for Joe Rogan. Well guys, I'm here to tell you that I've actually been to Israel, so I'm an expert, elevated expert level one, and I wanted to let you guys know that I agree completely with Dave Smith and he's infinitely more educated than me on the topic. And I didn't become an expert because I visited the region. No, not at all.


Anyways, you guys moving on from this, wanna remind you about American Financing because with everything that's happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground prices are high, it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder many are relying on credit cards. Credit card debt is absolutely skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people very stressed out. So if you're a homeowner, you should know that you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends in American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average, people like you are saving $800 a month, plus they can close your loan as the less 10 days. So do not let the chaos of this economy get the best of you. Call American Financing now. It costs you nothing to get started and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Also reminding you about Seven Weeks Coffee because you're probably already drinking coffee, so you might as well do some good while you do it. They are America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. They're called seven weeks because at seven weeks the baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've thus far raised over $800,000 for these centers and they've saved thousands of lives. And I can tell you the coffee's fantastic, mold-free, pesticide free organic shade, grown low acid, it checks all the boxes right now when you subscribe a Seven Weeks Coffee, you will get a free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you. So whether you're traveling, working, or adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and letting it to go bag steep for a few minutes. So just head to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and you'll save 15% forever If you subscribe, plus exclusively for my listeners, use code Canis at checkout and you'll get an extra 10% on your first order. That's a total of 25% savings on your first order. So visit Seven Weeks Coffee. Nope, actually don't do that. Visit seven weeks.com. No Seven Weeks Coffee, Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace today. That's a seven weeks.com. I need to check. Yeah, it's Seven Weeks Coffee. I think that's written wrong on the prompter. Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace today.


All right you guys, I can't wait to reach your comments. We covered a lot here. Let's see what is on your mind. First up, we have got Pineapple Breeze. She writes, thank you. She says something very nice to me. She says, big sis, the black community never left you. We write here, if anything, they need to check the history from slavery to Jim Crow. And we know civil rights movement definitely does not make up for that. Yeah, I know. I just, I I Shannon Sharp, I just don't even understand why he did that. It, it felt, it's also just like when grown men do it, like 56 years old grown man who like doesn't know how to use his Instagram without getting caught in a act. It's just, I don't know, he just, it was very lame.


And it's crappy when people wanna like dance on someone's head when they're drowning for no reason. I don't even know what I did to upset him. And still I say the things that are right in his lawsuit because it's better to be proven right than to be a small person and hope that he gets sued for $50 million just 'cause I don't like him. Tara Al writes Candace, my dad was accused of rape after hooking up with a woman who was caught cheating on her boyfriend, whom my father knew nothing about at trial. She admitted that she lied. Praise God for the truth. There have been a lot of circumstances of women who have cheated on their boyfriends and then said it was rape because they didn't wanna fess up to their boyfriends that they had cheated. And yeah, it's very scary. It is a, I mean, especially for me, I, I'm gonna have three sons in a couple of days and just thinking about that environment is why I'm so vocally against the Me Too movement.


And of course you have to raise your son's, right? Or everyone, find one girl, save yourself until marriage. Just say something. Rights Candace showing her covert feminism from a conservative with the age gap. Ick, no way. The 20-year-old pursued the rich XNFL star, right? I mean, she could have definitely pursued him. He may have pursued, pursued her. I'm, I mean, I'm gonna guess I'm gonna go, we'll find out. We'll find out. Maybe I, I did make an assumption there, but I did. I I imagine that he probably hit on her at the gym. You know, the girls were all the, like the tight butt stuff and butt cheeks are out.


Her butt cheeks are $25,000 per butt cheek. I don't know, I don't know what happened at the gym, but what a weird thing for you two. Totally zero in on K Osborne writes, please look into the Me Too, against Tim Ballard, operation Underground Railroad. I know Tim, I have done events with Tim. I was a big supporter of Operation Underground Railroad, and I will, I should look into that case. You're right. SAVI Sassy writes, I was there, a sophomore in college, saw it all, and the plane, I saw sh furnish nine 11 was black with gold lining. People never believed me, So I stopped talking about it, but there is footage of my roommates and I and I watching it all. I was there. Very interesting. I've actually never heard anything about a plane with a black and gold lining.


Crystal co-writes, have you considered that the Carmelo Anthony situation was a paid operation by possibly the Democrat party to create division? There are a lot of people that would spend a few years in jail for a few million dollars. I definitely don't think So. I really don't think So. I I think that they're, they're way too young and this is a circumstance of high schoolers got into a fight and it went too far. We live in an increasingly violent society. All of that, kind of going back to this, it, the breakdown of families, families that are apart and the societies that we have fostered by breaking down the normal union that's supposed to be between a man and a woman. You're supposed to, you come together in marriage, you know, marriage is a sacrament for a reason.


But I, I won't get onto a theological rant towards you guys today. Michael writes any comment on mock mood? Khalil not allowed to see his baby being born. Yeah, you guys know where I stand on that. I think that this was political persecution and that it's still going on all across the United States under the guise of fighting antisemitism. I'm not happy that it's happening under Trump. As someone who voted for him and has stood by him and all of the people who came for him and came for his speech and the many things that the media did to him, it sucks. I think he's surrounded by way too many people that are Israel first and not America first. And I think according to the IRHA definition of antisemitism, I just engaged in the worst kind of antisemitism.


'cause that is under their new definition. You say on campus and accuse someone of being Israel first as opposed to being America first. You can get expelled. So there goes my chances of going to Harvard, you had to ask that question and now I'm, I am going to be expelled. Anyways, guys, reminding you that we have a book club 'cause we missed the week that I was sick. We're gonna make up for it this Friday. We're reading Hollywood Babylon. We have thus far just cracked open the book so it's not too late for you to order the book and jump into this one. It is wild, like I said, crazy to learn about how Hollywood was actually founded, the gangsters that were behind it. We forget these things.


There is no reason to believe that Hollywood is not still being operated by gangs. When you think about everything that is happening and the multiple artists that have spoken out and accused them themselves of being have said, we are victims of a gang, of the publishing gangs taking stuff. I see no evidence that the gangs have ever ceased. So definitely think about joining the book club ahead of Friday, but it'll be at Friday, 6:00 PM Eastern. Of course, you guys can just support our show by buying some Merch. Candace Owens dot com. We've got our make him a sandwich line, our anti-feminist line, which people are absolutely loving, which I so appreciate. It's still up. Other than that, you guys, we will see you tomorrow.