
All Right guys. Happy Monday. And boy oh boy, do I have a tale for you today? I have no idea why I was ever into fiction books. I used to love mysteries and thrillers, but now I'm realizing that the reality of our political circumstances is more mysterious in action packed than anything our imaginations could ever come up with. I feel like now it should be. And to the republic for which it stands one nation under blackmail, because that is where we are at. I now think there's a black male operation running in all 50 states. All right, who am I speaking about? Matt Gaetz, Florida Congressman, or former Florida congressman that Trump no nominated to be the Ag. He suddenly withdrew his nomination. We were all speaking about that. We weren't quite sure what was going on. Well, the full story there is incredible, and we have it for you.


Plus, speaking of nominations, I'm apparently in the running for Antisemite of the year. I'm not kidding. The account stop antisemitism has selected me. Greta Thunberg, Bassam, Yusef, Dan Bilzerian, many others and are encouraging people to vote on who should win. And this puts me in a weird bind because I am naturally competitive and I like to win. We're gonna talk about all of that coming up. Now, welcome back to Candace. Blackmail, blackmail everywhere. Okay, so First and foremost, full credit to a woman named Mel who uses the handle at Village.


Crazy Lady on X. She is the one that did this thread and put it onto my radar. So I'm basically just giving you the audio of what she brought to the forefront in which we were able to fact track as fact check. Pardon? As verifiable. Okay. So this strange story begins with a man named Joel Greenberg. Okay, Joel Greenberg. This person that I'm showing you on your, on the screen right now is the son of Andrew Greenberg. He's a dentist. Andrew Greenberg, his father is a dentist and the founder of Greenberg Dental. They have a chain of over 90 dental clinics throughout Florida. So a very wealthy family. 2019, Joel Greenberg, his son, was serving as the tax collector for Seminole County, Florida.


And Mel, our ex reporter, describes Joel like this. She wrote, quote, Greenberg is your classic rich kid who dinks through life lighting fires that everyone else is forced to put out, never landing hard because daddy's money always catches his fall. You know the type we all do. And Joel approached his role as tax collector, no different than any other, okay? So we, we all do kind of know this person, person that comes up with just raised with so much money. They got like the fast car, unbelievably expensive car when they turn like 15 and a half, huge parties all the time. And it is true, these people tend to be a prototype. And so he gets elected into this position of power, and while he is a tax collector, he gets accused of being involved in this crypto scam.


Okay? So it's politics, it's Republican politics. Of course, if someone sees that you're in hot water, they're gonna go, okay, well primaries are coming up. I I'm gonna primary you. And that's what happened to our rich kid, Joel Greenberg, a man named Brian Butte who had Thither Tube in a teacher decided to throw his name in the hat. He was like, I, I'm, I'm gonna run against you. Joel Greenberg, the Republican primaries coming up. What's up? You, you've got, there's a little bit of shady stuff going on with your record. What are you doing with that crypto stuff? But here's the thing about rich kids, they do not like being told no, they don't play by the same rules as the rest of us. We know this. And Joel was used to having his way throughout life. So he decided that he was gonna destroy Butte with smear tactics publicly and privately.


First he started saying to people publicly, he's a carpet bagger. I had to look up that term. I don't know If you guys are familiar with it. Literally, they used to have these old school bags made out of carpets that people used to travel with. Think about like Mary Poppins, when she pulls out that lamp, it's a carpet bag. And so you describe somebody as a carpet bagger if they don't even go here, like, and that's the reality is that Butte was from Michigan. He then moved to Florida. So he goes, oh, he's a carpet bagger. But that wasn't enough. So he started upping his smear tactics against Butte. And he did this in a really creepy but very on par with the bratty rich kid kind of way. He created fake Facebook profiles and pretended to be Brian Butt's past students.


He even set up a Facebook page, which has since been removed by Facebook, and he entitled it Creepy Brian Butte. And he would generate these fake posts. This is adult man. I'm not kidding. It's, it's so rich kid, I can't stand it. It's like a, a rich teenage girl more than anything else. And he would generate these fake posts trashing Butte as an awful teacher, but also as a pervert. Okay? So our ex reporter, Mel, goes on to write quote that Greenberg's antics finally reached an apex when he mailed, 'cause he was going crazy. He got obsessed with trying to take this man down. He mailed handwritten letters to the administrators at the school where Butte taught accusing him of sexually assaulting his students.


Okay? I mean, that's just like insane. This is an election. He's sitting here and he's like, I'm gonna pretend that you sexually assaulted students. You are getting out of this race. I get what I want. Mommy and daddy never told me no. And you Mr. Butte, are not about to tell me no. So what Greenberg didn't expect was that those letters were going to be taken very seriously. I don't know why he didn't expect this, or maybe he just thought his daddy was gonna bail 'em out, or he didn't expect any of these things. He or else he would've been more careful, obviously. But he wasn't. And when the letters were turned over to the local sheriff's office, they obviously checked to see if it had fingerprints. The letters did have fingerprints. His DNA and fingerprints were lifted from them. And this rich kid, Joel Greenberg got arrested on June 23rd, 2020 and was charged by the Department of Justice with stalking.


Okay, so here we have it. The stalking charges against Greenberg alleged that he used a pseudonym to send letters to the middle school re Butte as a teacher, falsely claiming that Butte had a sexual relationship with a student. This is really just incredible, like the, these are just adults and this is for whatever reason going on, welcome to American politics. Anyways, in the process of them arresting him, the police also confiscated his phone. Oh, oh. And then the heat really got turned up because rich kids are always doing the absolute most. The police were able then to collect evidence of embezzlement, drugs, prostitution, identity theft, wire fraud, and yes, the crypto market manipulation that people were already heavily suggesting that he was involved in Plus.


And here's the big one, messages between him and a 17-year-old girl discussing their sex Capades all around Florida and beyond Florida. Okay? So per the criminal suit, he had spent $70,000 on hookers that he met on the Sugar Daddy website. If you're not familiar, it's like this website where girls can sign up and just what it sounds like. They can find themselves a sugar daddy to pay for their lives if they go on dates with them. And so they were able to see that he spent $70,000 on hookers that he met on sugar daddy and he was using, his government issued amex. So that was not a great thing. Now to be fair, while this young woman was on the website, she obviously was representing herself to be of age, but off the site, Greenberg knew that that was not true and that she was in fact underage.


And how did we know that? He knew that because he used the power of his office to make it so that she was of age. What am I talking about? Well, in Florida, the office of County tax Collector doesn't just collect taxes. They also issue driver's licenses and state IDs. So he was making and keeping IDs for himself. So if somebody would come in and be like, hi, I'm Candace, I moved to Tennessee, here's my Connecticut id, I've moved from Connecticut, you're supposed to shred my old id. He was keeping IDs, storing them, giving them out, using them, and he was able to secure fake ID for his lovers.


So in August of 2020, the D-O-G-D-O-J Pardon was able to charge Joel Greenberg with sex trafficking of a minor identity theft and the production of false identification documents among very many other things. And this is where Matt Gates come in, comes in, she should probably go on kick hands. What's have to do with Matt Gates? He does have something to do with Matt Gaetz. So apparently Greenberg and Matt Gaetz were friends. Nobody really knows how long or how close they were friends, but they were definitely friends. I'd imagine. It's not difficult to run in the same circles given the fact that Matt was also involved in politics. Also grew up as a wealthy kid in Florida. It's a small world, of course, they came across each other Here. Here's a photo of Matt Gaetz with Joel Greenberg and Roger Stone.


Now realizing how much trouble he was in Joel Greenberg, he was trying to figure out, how do I get out of trouble? Let me cut a deal. Can I throw somebody else under the bus? I want less time with friends like these who needs enemies. So his lawyers contacted Bill Barr's office than the Attorney General under President Trump. And he says, Hey look homies, I've got dirt on a sitting congressman who also happens to be my friend Matt Gates. I will literally sell this man down a river to save my own skin. What do I have to do? And then he says, I have proof that he engaged in sex acts with minors. So the DOJ opens a secret investigation into Matt Gates and by a secret investigation, I mean they leak it to the New York Times.


'cause that's what our Department of Justice does. They just leak stuff to the New York Times because the New York Times really is kind of, you know, a part of the deep state. They're not separate from them. And that brings us to the interview. I know we showed you this last week, but I'm gonna show it to you again now that we're getting deeper into the story. The interview that Matt Gates did with Tucker Carlson, after New York Times breaks the story, they are alleging that he's involved in this human trafficking, I mean the sex trafficking of minors. And he is completely and genuinely shocked by these allegations and makes a wild claim that the Department of Justice is trying to extort him to make these ridiculous claims go away. So let's take a look at what he said and the story that he gave to Tucker once this broke in the news.


Take a listen. This is obviously a serious allegation. Tell us what the truth is from your perspective. It is a horrible allegation and it is a lie. The New York Times is running a story that I have traveled with a 17-year-old woman and that is verifiably false. People can look at my travel records and see that that is not the case. What is happening is an extortion of me and my family involving a former Department of Justice official. On March 16th, my father got a text message demanding a meeting wherein a person demanded $25 million in exchange for making horrible sex trafficking allegations against me Go away.


Our family was so troubled by that we went to the local FBI and the FBI and the Department of Justice were so concerned about this attempted extortion of a member of Congress that they asked my dad to wear a wire, which he did with the former Department of Justice Official. Tonight, I am demanding that the Department of Justice and the FBI release the audio recordings that were made under their supervision and at their direction, which will prove my innocence. And that will show that these allegations aren't true. They're merely intended to try to bleed my family out of money. And this former Department of Justice official tomorrow was supposed to be contacted by my father.


So that specific instructions could be given regarding the wiring of $4.5 million as a down payment on this bribe. I don't think it's a coincidence that tonight, somehow the New York Times is leaking this information, smearing me and ruining the investigation that would likely result in one of the former colleagues of the current DOJ being brought to justice for trying to extort me and my family. So a co a couple of obvious questions that come to mind. And again, just to restate, this just happened, don't have any other information beyond what we've already said. And you have said who, first of all, who is this Department of Justice former employee who's trying to extort the money from you?


You say His name is David McGee. He was a top official in the leadership in the Northern District of Florida as a prosecutor. He currently works at the Begs and Lane Law Firm. As a matter of fact, one of the recordings that was made at the FBI and Department of Justice request occurred at that law firm and the money that was supposed to be paid today, that would've shown even more evidence of David McGee's work in this extortion scheme that was foiled by the New York Times story. And I believe that's why this, this horrible information and these terrible allegations have been used this evening, By the way, Tucker has the best surprise space. He's like, what is going on here?


Crazy plot twist. What we we, we thought you were gonna respond to these allegations. Now you're saying the Department of Justice is using a former employee to try to extort you for $25 million. Either Matt Gaetz is a crazy man or he is telling the truth. So let's just recap what he offered there he is saying, a man named David McGee who used to work for the Department of Justice approached his father and says, look, you give us 25 million and we'll make this thing with your, with your son, go away. And shockingly, Matt was indeed telling the truth about that correspondence. So let me tell you this part of the story 'cause it's wild. So David McGee did indeed used to work at the DOJ about a decade, a decade earlier.


So now he's working at a law firm, but he used to work for the DOJ particularly within an organized crime task force. Okay? While he was working there, he worked with a guy named Bob Levinson. This is a very important crucial character to this story. This is Bob Levinson, he's a retired FBI agent who then went off to do some contracted work for the ccia A 'cause I guess you can do that. You leave the FBI and you're like, Hey, I'll still, I'll be an agent for you. You pay me X amount of dollars and I'll get involved in some task that you guys have going on overseas. Okay? That was a sort of off the books covert operation that they were using him for in Iran while working this covert operation.


He was on Kish Island, that's an island off the coast of Iran when he was kidnapped, Bob Levinson gets kidnapped. It was a very big deal when this happened. To be clear, this was back in 2007 and it was especially a big deal when it went down because he was kidnapped after this NBC reporter named Ira Silverman arranged a meeting for him and President Bush acknowledged his kidnapping at the time. President, it was President George Bush Junior acknowledged his kidnapping and never mentioned that Bob Levison was doing some contracted work for the CIA of course, because it was covert work. Now I want you to remember Bob Levison, despite the fact that he's working contracted for the CIA is in fact a retired FBI guy, so the FBI gets involved, they're invested.


They're like, wait, that's our guy and we wanna get this guy back. We wanna get Bob Levinson back, but they have to fund this operation to get him back from Iran. How are they gonna do that with favors? Okay? So they decide, okay, how are we gonna raise, we need a lot of money to be able to run this operation. They hatch a plan and they figure out that this plan is gonna cost $20 million. And who do we know that's rich enough? Who's got $20 million? Oh, we know this Russian billionaire, his name is Oleg Deripaska who wants some green cards for his family and we can fast track some green cards for his family if he gives us 20 million. And Deripaska says, yeah, I'm in $20 million. You give me my family green cards done.


And you're not gonna believe, by the way, who the point man is of this FBI operation involving this Russian oligarch. The point man at the FBI on this operation is Andrew McCabe. Yes, the eventual FBI deputy director who publicly accused Trump of colluding with Russia, okay? The guy who sat down on 60 minutes and fostered the Trump Russia collusion hoax that Trump was working as a Russian asset kind of maybe he also forgot that at one time he himself worked as an agent to a Russian oligarch, said he could fund a mission to get his colleague Bob Levison back. But listen, let's not, let me not get way ahead of myself. Let's get back. Let's not get distracted. Let's jump back into this incredible story.


Okay, so the mission to rescue Bob is now fully funded. Okay? We've got these Russian rubles, we know that McCabe is directing this. Everything is good. All signs look like a go. And then suddenly it gets shut down. They're like nothing could go wrong. They also received proof of life, by the way, to make sure he was actually still alive and he was still alive. He sees grown his beard out, he's older now. Nothing, everything seems to be good, but then something goes wrong. And something that goes wrong is Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton is what goes wrong because Bush is now out, Obama is in, this is now Hillary Clinton State Department and she shuts that ish down.


Now, according to our Twitter reporter, something spooked them. We don't know what that something was. It was never disclosed. But the rescue mission was officially shut down. But people are still working behind the scenes to force the government to rescue Bob. Now we fast forward it's 2013 and the CIA is still trying to get Bob back. So they leak documents as they always do this time to the associated press saying, Hey, that Bob Levison guy, he was a CIA asset. And they're hoping that will put pressure on Obama's administration so that they act to bring him back. But no luck, no luck, no dice, Obama, Hillary. They say No, we're not doing that until the infamous Iranian nuclear deal of 2016. You guys remember that? So basically Obama was concerned that Iran was enriching uranium.


Oh my gosh, you're gonna go nuclear. He puts together this deal. We'll give you billions of dollars, literally cash, like I think we carried $1.6 billion over there If you agree to stop, enrich, enriching uranium and plutonium. And the deal was worth like $150 billion, $50 billion. And then in other ways, they were basically gonna stop sanctioning them. So in total IRA was gonna get 150 billion. Very controversial deal. Anyways, when he negotiated that deal, he also negotiated the release of five American hostages. But Bob Levinson was not on that list and American Jews were furious. They saw it as a betrayal, okay? They were like, what is going on? This was an actual article that ran at that time basically asking American Jewry asking hashtag, what about Bob?


This ran in Voice of America. So now it's 2017, Trump gets inaugurated, he cancels the Iran nuclear deal immediately. And Bob's wife, Christine Levinson, sues Iran in the US courts and she gets awarded $1.2 billion judgment. This is now January of 2020. In March of 2020, the US government officially declares Bob Levinson legally dead. And I wish I could tell you it was over, but it's not over. It's not over until the fat lady sings and there is no fat lady singing right now. Suddenly that summer after he's declared dead 2020. Okay? So now we're sped up here and we're in the Matt Gaetz timeline, okay?


Matt Gates timeline. 2020 is when all this goes down. Suddenly an Air Force intelligence officer named Bob Kent claims that he has received news that Uhuh, he's, he's heard actually Bob Levinson is alive, he's got a network in Iraq. They say he is still alive and they've got the pictures to prove it. They send Bob Levi, they send the pictures to Bob Kent and they're like, look, your guy's still alive. What do you wanna do? Do you wanna do a deal? And he's like, let me contact someone. And who does he contact? He contacts David McGee. Yes, that David McGee who eventually says, calls Matt Gates' father. Okay, so David McGee's now a lawyer, he's Bob Levinson's old colleague, clearly a staunch ally.


They've been working for so long to get him back, but they have the same problem again. How are they going to be able to fund it? The Russian thing funding fell through Hillary Clinton didn't move on it. And then they hatch an idea. They have him to know another very rich man and that very rich man's name is Don Gates, who has a son and his son's name is Matt Gates, who they could maybe possibly get $25 million from just saying if he knew that they could make these allegations against his dear son, Matt Gaetz suddenly go away. Remember again, at this time, David McGee is now working at a law firm, not the DOJ and Kent is working for Air Force Intelligence.


So how do they even know about the Matt Gates investigation this quickly? That part has never really been revealed, but we can imagine that maybe they cooked it up because they knew he had money. Maybe, I don't know. We should start asking questions about Joel Greenberg. We can imagine that the intelligence officer is able to communicate and perhaps part of being an intelligence officer is having files of blackmail and knowing what's going on and everybody, or maybe when you leave a DOJ, you never really leave a DOJ. What we know how they knew about the Matt Gaetz thing happening at the same time. We don't know. Like I said, my instinct is that they brought these charges against Matt Gaetz or when they figured this out, they suddenly thought of Bob Levinson and they immediately thought we can probably extort blackmail Don Gates because he's another wealthy person.


So what happens next? We already know Don Don Gates gets contacted, then he contacts the FBI, then he wears a wire just like Matt Gaetz said. And he catches them offering him money in exchange for immunity. Clearly their plan blows up, Matt Gaetz goes big time goes on. Tucker Carlson speaks about everything that happens. McGee McKee and Kent Bob Kent deny everything they said. There was no extortion. It was just a simple proposition, a proposition how what? What are even talking about? You approached him and you asked for $25 million to make something go away. You're calling that a simple proposition. Hey, do you not wanna be charged with sex trafficking? Gimme $25 million. This is happening from your government.


Unbelievable. This is an actual headline in the Daily Mail that a former Air Force intelligence officer accused of trying to extort Matt Gates breaks his silence and admits that he did ask the congressman's father for 25 million, but says it was to rescue American hostage Robert Levinson in Iran. Yeah, yeah, you it was all of that is true. But essentially how do you, how is that not viewed as extortion? And we'll make this go away. Not like, Hey, can we have $25 million? We're raising some money, we're gonna make this go away. In the end, a random third guy eventually did get charged with wire fraud in relation to the case. And then the FBI just completely drops it drops everything against Matt Gish pretends like none of it ever happened.


And oddly by the way, just another random strand of this is the Israeli consulate was involved somehow. And we know this thanks to Scott Adams. Yes, Scott Adams Dilbert. Scott Adams says on Twitter, great account to follow on ex. Pardon? Well he was texted before the story even broke about the allegations against Matt. He was texted by a guy working a staffer at the Israeli consulate who he was friendly with who told him this is all about to go public. His name was Jake Novak, the broadcast media director of the Consulate General of Israel. So again, this is a foreign official texting Scott and saying behind the scenes stuff is about to go down. And Scott just released the text messages, I love this.


He's just like, I don't know what this is but this is weird. Jake messaged me, he said, scoop, I can't report rap rep gate is subject of a secret grand jury probe of sex with minors and possibly murder conspiracy. I trust the source. He then goes on and he says in a longer text message to him, first off Scott says back, these allegations don't seem credible. And Jake writes back, I don't wanna believe them, but my source says it looks bad from closer in there. Scott says, I'm betting against it, but the extortion counterclaim sounds credible, has witnesses apparently. And Jake says, the backstory is this is screwing up my efforts to free Bob Levinson Gates' dad was secretly funding us.


So I'm very much wanting this to be untrue. I've got a commando team leader friend of mine nervously waiting for wire transfers to clear and he says, Bob Kent is my lifelong friend and the best person in Patriot. I also highly doubt McGee extorted or promised anything to Gates. Also, the 25 million number is total bs. Now the gates have burnt Kent and Levinson. I can clear up that 50% of the story isn't true. And apparently Jake did not know what he was talking about because Kent then came out and said it was $25 million And so good on, good on Scott Adams for releasing this. It begs the question why is it, it seems like every time we're like talking about politics and blackmail, somehow Israel comes up. We never really got clarification on why he knew about all of this.


We never really got clarification on why Bo, why these people were not charged. I, I believe all these people should have been charged that were involved in this. But there is no question at all that Matt Gates was definitively a, a target in all of this and was very much the victim. And I really like what this Exus says, conclusively about that. She says, you know, in conclusion we this really leads, there are still lots of unanswered questions. Who is the we that Jacob Novak references in his text to Scott Adams who leaked the info about Gates, Gates' case to Bob Kent? Was Joel Greenberg running a honeypot scheme? If so, for who?


Sure would be nice to get an attorney general in office who actually gave a damn about answering any of those questions. Again, that's what it looks like. You, for whatever reason, why did this person decide that he wanted to run and be in the tax collector office And then so viciously try to stop anybody from getting that position. Was Joel Greenberg involved in the honeypot scheme? Was he intentionally finding these girls, getting them IDs and then inviting people for parties and people thinking that they're of age and fostering these sorts of relationships? And again, like I said, why is it that every time we get involved or learn about one of these cases, there always just seems to be a random Israel con connection from Jeffrey Epstein to this. It's like, why? How is it always possible that they are just always in the story and then you get in trouble If you notice those things.


Anyways, fascinating story. Glad that we could present that to you. I can't wait to see what your thoughts are on that. I personally do think that it is some sort of a honeypot scheme and I think that it's plausible that they're being executed in all 50 states because we don't know what happens. We don't know why our congressmen when they go in, seem to suddenly dance for other nations. It's like they don't even work for America anymore. It's like somebody's telling them how they will vote if they want to maintain their reputation and their life. And Matt Gates was a rare person who actually fought and I would've loved to have seen him become the Attorney general. And I wish that Trump, If you really wanted deliver on his promises to drain the swamp to get rid of the deep state, then he would've put him into that position, fought like hell to keep him there and allowed him to land some punches on the individuals who schemed against him and his father.


Instead, we now have Pam Bondi. I don't know how that's going to be. I'm not feeling great about a lot of people that Trump has suddenly picked. I mean Seb Gorka, what this guy literally would send every single one of our children to die in Ukraine tomorrow. He's like a rabid lunatic who just wants called once called Tucker a Putin puppet for what? Not wanting to fight Ukraine's wars. We've got neocons, we've got neocons back in town and it is very concerning to me. And listen, I'm gonna be one of those individuals that does hold Trump's speech to the fire. I, I don't understand this like psychotic culture where you're like, we can't say anything bad about it. It's like no, we don't want people like Seb Gorka. We don't want people like Marco Rubio. This is not why we all fought to get him into office.


So I'm just gonna leave that to ask that and take a quick break here to thank one of our amazing sponsors, Nimi Skincare. How's my skin looking? It's looking good. Well Nimi is what I use. You guys know that I'm always showing them off on Instagram. They're offering their biggest sale of the year right now. You can Save up to 15% offsite wide on all Nimi Skincare products. If you Use code Friday 15, that means everything from their luxurious anti-aging routines. So their glow boosting serums is yours for less. And here's the best part, when you spend 150 or more, you'll receive a free exclusive Nimi cosmetics bag. But you have to hurry 'cause it's only available for the first 1000 customers. What I love about Nimi Skincare is that it's made right here in the USA rooted in values of faith, family and freedom. You're not just buying skincare, you are supporting a company that stands for what we all believe in. Nimi delivers luxury skincare with alpha luxury price tag. Whether you're looking to brighten, protect or fight signs of aging, their proven effective formulas have you covered. So head over to Nimi Skincare dot com, that's NIMI skincare.com and start shopping now and remember to Use Code Friday 15 for that additional 15% off your order. Deals like this don't come around often and those cosmetics bags will go fast.


All right, let's jump into some stories. The first one I found out that I'm in a competition. Didn't know I was in this competition, didn't sign up for this competition, but I am not surprised to see this. I guess I'm up for Antisemite of the year. Yeah, so there is this group, they are beyond parody at this point. It's called Stop Antisemitism. That's how I always hear it when I stop antisemitism and they just run these things, they're like, this is the antisemite of the week, this is the antisemite of the month, this is the antisemite of the year. This is the antisemite of the galaxy. I have to assume the account is being run by a teenage girl. It's very, it gives like burn book. Like Akin said something I don't like.


She's the FST anti-Semite in the whole world and they just post it. And there are adults that follow this account like yeah, yeah. And half those stuff they say is just a complete lie. But like I think it makes them feel good and it's, it is peak comedy. I will say this account now is one of the things that's sort of just like tripped over the antisemitism claims into just ridiculousness. Like I think we all just like mock it. Now we're at that point I would say stop antisemitism is like when we arrived at that point during BLM when when black people were peak crazy, not everyone, not me, but we did reach this inflection point where there were people that were just saying everything was racist. So like a white girl would have her hair in a braid and they'd be like, yo, that's cultural appropriation.


You hate black people. You didn't attribute your hairstyle. I'm not kidding, this like really happened during the times of B lm. They were going around and monitoring hairstyles like it was crazy. But black people are cool now we're chill now we're we're good. BBL M has subsided. We're like voting more conservatively. And so like Jewish people are upright now and stopping antisemitism is like that inflection point for like hysteria. You can, it's just literal hysteria. Everything is antisemitism. There's antisemitism around every corner. And so anyways, the account is very funny and it is beyond parody. And so they are now running essentially asking people to vote and this is their post. They have put up asking for people to vote.


You can see they said last year Rashida to leave one, she swept with over 15,000 votes. Votes this year you've, we've got Dan, Ian, he's got more money. So I feel like he's like buying votes. So I don't know. You've got me, Jackson, Hinkle, Bassam, Yusef, Cory Bush, John Cusack, I know how we got there. Greta Thunberg, Jake Shield, Hassan Piker, Jess, Natalie, I don't even know who that is. But apparently these are the 10 finalists. And like I said, you never know how or why you're end up on this list like Bassam Yusef. I'm not surprised to see because he had what is probably the biggest pro-Palestinian interview of the year. I think it was one of those interviews that snapped everybody into like, wait, I actually don't know anything about this issue at all.


I know when I saw it I was like, wow, I had never known anything about this issue. He essentially held up this chart. He was on P Morgan and he just showed every year how many Palestinians are dying compared to Israelis that are, are, are dying, being murdered rather. And was basically saying that the value of life here is that one Israeli life is worth X amount of Palestinian lives. And I'll just show you a little clip of that. The question is what is a proportionate response? Yes. 'cause it has been different from one tier to another. So If you look to this graph for example, this is the death of Israeli and Palestinians and it's changing from one year to year. It's like fluctuating like crypto. So my question is today, what is the going rate today for human lives?


I mean 2014 was a great year for Ben Shapiro. 88 Israelis were died and there was 2,329 Palestinians killed on the other side. That is one Israeli for 27 Palestinian. That is a very good exchange rate. What I'm saying is what is the exchange rate for today? Well, I well, I So you guys will be happy. That's my question. Well, it's not Me. I know it's not me guys. I I don't, I'm not on either side. No, no, no, not you. Like when I say you guys, I say like the people on the other side of that. I know that you, you don't think like that appears you are one of the good guys. But let me tell you something. I mean I'm, the reason that I'm, I'm using this is that, I mean I could, I can't remember what happened in 2014 and there was no music festival, but there, there must be something.


I mean they must do something. It is their fault. It has to be something. I mean 20 18, 300 Palestinian died. Ah, who's counting? You know? But the, so the thing is what my question is, let's find what is the exchange rate for human life today. So we know, expect the future death of Palestinians and we'll be happy to it Truly, that interview I think got something like 35 million views. It's just unheard of on YouTube. And like I said, it was a major waking up moment I think for a lot of people that were going, I actually just did not even, I don't know what even is even going on here. So it's not surprising to see Bason Yusef on this list, but he is very excited about this. He's asking people to vote for him.


Here's what he's posted on his Instagram regarding this potential award. He said, I have made to the top 10 antisemite of the year, please vote for me to win it. Dan, Ian and Candace are leading and I can't lose this guy. Go to my bio bio and vote for me. And he shares a link to people to vote for. I mean, what do they expect? He's a literal comedian. Like, and by the way, just saying like I kind of feel like the biggest Andy semi like I, I feel like maybe the Prime Minister Netanyahu should have made the list. 'cause he's killed more semis this year than anybody. Did we forget Palestinians, your cites? Yeah, Baso Yusef is married to a Palestinian. So it's very strange to think of him as being anti-Semitic, but apparently he is, he wants people to vote for him.


Greta Thunberg on the list. I was like, what did Greta Thunberg do? And then I remembered hilariously she got into hot water because she, I'm not laughing at like the fact I, I am laughing actually. But essentially Greta Thunberg suffers from autism and sometimes that can be like a tactile. And so she carries a, a stuffed animal. So people that have autistic children, you know, like it can be sometimes sounds, it can also be like things that are t tactile. I'm, I'm laughing at their response to her being with an octopus. Like again, she has this octopus in the background because like I said, she carries this because of, it's like I said, a tactile thing. But of course they saw that she wrote that she stands with Gaza, that she stands with innocent Palestinians.


She of course did not say anything. Pro Hamas, she's speaking about the innocent Palestinian life like we all are, but they decided to focus on the octopus. Okay, focus on the octopus and stop Antisemitism's website attacked her. This is what they wrote about this act of this octopus. Do you guys have that post of what or do I, or I think I have it in here. I can probably read it. But she, they wrote that, give me one second. She, they wrote that Greta posed with a toy octopus, which is an anti-Jewish symbol of control that was used by the Nazis during World War ii.


What, what this is again, like when you just see a white girl wearing a braid and they're like, you wearing that braid you with that octopus, you knew what you were doing. I poor Greta, it's genuinely hilariously diluted and crazy. But that's how she ended up on soft antisemitism's list because again, she uses that to be able to communicate her feelings. And she said that she was like, guys, I, I have like, I'm autistic, this is the reason I travel with it. But they didn't care. She's on the list and now she's in the running. And I also wanna say, I don't like to lose. So this is very hard for me because I am not antisemitic at all. And I loved that there were like Jewish people in the comments that were like defending it and were like, Hey, this doesn't, hey Jewish boy listen to our podcast every day.


But this is not a sensible account guys. This is like a radical psychopathic account. So you can't reason with these people. And I will say this like I, I did go through my kids' toys today and I look, I'm just gonna be honest, notice anything crazy? Yeah, I took my son to the zoo and two years ago he picked out this octopus. So If you, If you wanna write something, stop antisemitism. I think the evidence is here. I don't know what a fox symbolized during World War ii and I'm not sure what this lion symbolized during World War II either, but both these are, these are all the objects that I found into my house.


So I would tell you guys to vote for me. But the problem is that they're collecting emails and I don't really trust this organization because they're completely psychopathic. But if I win, I would like to know what it is that I'm going to win. What do I have to do to win? Do I have to say what? Just like crazy stuff I guess. Like I'm just like, ooh, Palestinian kids do not deserve to die. I'll tell you something, it's even worse than that. It's even worse than that. I don't think innocent American children deserve to die. I don't think children should be killed like in any country even. It's gonna be crazy. You're gonna get real upset. Like innocent Iranian kids don't deserve to die. Innocent Russian kids don't deserve to die. I know they're just like furiously typing all this up. There's gonna be so many articles tomorrow. Like she's gone. She's basically Adolf Hitler.


But anyways guys, I'm in the running. I will keep you posted to see who wins. I feel like it's going to be Dan Bazarian, but I'm, I also wanna know what the process is 'cause I'm also very happy, like if they're accepting mail-in ballots in the middle of the night, I would like to know. So even if it looks like Dan Bilzerian is winning or Bassam Yusef is winning, we should maybe stop counting and see what I can deliver because a lot of my fans mail in their votes at midnight. That's all I'm gonna say about that.


Today's show is sponsored by Seven Weeks Coffee. Why they call Seven Weeks Coffee because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every Seattle support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over half a million dollars for these centers and they have saved over 5,000 lives. Now I can tell you about the coffee because it is mold free, pesticide free, shade grown low acid and it's also organically farmed. So it checks all the boxes. And just in time for the holiday season Seven Weeks, Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. You can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order and new limited edition coffees. So whether you're looking for stocking stuffers or the Perfect Roast, Seven Weeks Coffee has you covered this Christmas season exclusively. For my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and Use code Candace, you'll get up to 25% off your order. Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the United States.


Okay, fun little update guys before I get into your comments, which I'm so keen to see Australia. So you know, they banned my visa before I even applied for my visa. It's like I it's, it's actually unheard of. Like Tony Burke, before I even applied, before he even looked through my application or assessed anything, he went to the press and said I'm gonna banner very strange also in violation of Australia's constitution. And so we've lawyered up obviously and we are going through the appellate process. But before you can take it to the courts, you have to go through the appeal with Tony Burke's office. So essentially saying we're appealing your decision, give us a decision like basically like reject our appeal as we are expecting him to do because this is a dictator.


He says authoritarian. Otherwise you would at least have to wait to get the application to read the application before you say I'm going to refuse it. Like that would make sense. 'cause you'd have to just like do your job and investigate any of the claims. But he didn't. He just said she's banned. So anyways, we filed our appeal immediately and their office came back to us with this, which is unbelievable. Their writing to our, our legal representative. He, he they write, we refer to the correspondence sent to you by the National Character Consideration Center. I can't believe they even have that on MS. Farmer's behalf. And it basically he, they write Ms Owens's revocation request will be considered and decided within a reasonable period of time.


So they're basically like we will decide on your appeal within a reasonable period of time. The department cannot confirm the exact timing of a decision. However the department can confirm the decision on your request will not be made before the 22nd of November. In this respect, it is our understanding that the proposed dates of the tour, which Ms. Farmer intended to attend in Australia have changed. We invite you to provide any updated information in this regard. We know your indication that your client intends to bring proceedings. It's unclear to us on what basis such an application would be made when it cannot be said that there has been a failure to make a decision within a reasonable period of time. Okay? So they're saying they need more time to decide on the appeal. You can't make this up. So you needed, you needed negative time to decide to ban me.


You need negative times. I hadn't even applied, you said banned. She's outta here. I'm looking for her application. She hasn't applied but she's already banned. So they negative time to decide to reject me. But now they need more time to consider my appeal. It's not like we can give them new material for the appellate process. So we're just like goodbye. We are just taking the straight to the courts. We have respected this office. Truly, I think an office that has disrespected itself, you have completely dishonored yourself Tony Burke and I don't know why you would do that at at least pretend that you're doing something sensible and like you actually care about what the public is saying enough to respectably go through an application and not copy and paste a bunch of CNN articles calling somebody a white supremacist that's black.


I mean it was just a complete nonsense. It's, hi, I am probably not a Nazi. I don't know, I just feel like it'd be kind of weird if I was a white supremacist Nazi. Like I, everything you read on CNN is not true. I don't wanna tell you Tony Burke. But anyways, we are going through with this process. I wanna thank the people in Australia who have stood behind us and signed the letter, which we delivered those signatures to Tony Burke's office or somebody did. Somebody in Australia did that and I'm totally blanking on her name. But we deeply appreciate what you've done thus far. Also, If you are Australian and you wanna give to the process that we are taking this to the high courts, you can head to give, send, go and somebody has actually put up their a link for you guys. If you wanna give money for that process, it's give send go.com, look up help CANDACE oz slash help Candace oz.


If you have it within your capacity to donate to that, that would be fantastic. Otherwise we are gonna do it. We're going through with this process. So, okay, I can't wait to see your comments about Matt Gaetz. Let me get through.


Just wanna one more sponsor that I wanna thank American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates, you should definitely give them a call at American Financing 'cause now is the perfect time to consolidate any debt that you have and you can reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, even childcare with credit card rates being so high. Debt gets very expensive. But with mortgage rates finally dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of over $800 a month there even closing sum and as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10.


Alright, let's see what you guys have got going on for me in the comments. What'd you think about that? Matt Gates. So it's crazy. He's like truly a victim. Like really? And by the way, I've met him, he's like, he's a very nice guy. But this just, just a reminder, be careful who you're friends with. I'm so glad I've just got that gut instinct. I will just tell my husband, someone will come near us. I'm just like, I don't like the way that person breathes. He's like, that's not sensible. I'm like, that's perfectly sensible. I feel like God, women's intuition, we know it's on par and I stay away from these people. Like there's no, you're not gonna find Candace in politics doing anything crazy. I don't stay out late. I don't drink. So it's like you're not catching me at any of these scandals because I just know that there's just blackmail and rings and the more information they can get about you, the better.


Anyways, I, I said I was gonna read your comments here I am just riffing on how much I hate people and how disgusting our political system is. Okay, this person, low Lee Rice, did you see on Twitter that Elon posted a Thomas Soul quote, thought he was dead, then was told that he was alive and said he might hit him up for Doge. That's what Elon, no, he was a genius. Not your most genius. Tweet Elon Musk. That is very, very, very, very funny. I absolutely love Thomas. So I have a great story to tell you about Thomas Sowell, by the way, when I'm legally allowed to.


But that's gonna probably take some time. Gimme like one more year. I think I've gotta keep my mouth shut about some stuff. Next person. It's really funny. I love that 'cause I'm a Thomas Soul stand. Miami Dolphin writes great analysis and well narrated. Thank you very much. Miami Dolphin. Sarah writes, team Candace, can you look into the Hurricane Helene victims nasty corruption going on. Our people need us. You are right. I realize that is where I'm happy, happiest. Just like investigating things like I'm just nosy. I think I've always been nosy. I'm so nosy. I have to preface things to people. Like if they bring up anything, I'm like, what did he say? Perfect strangers. I'll be like, oh, like are, were you guys fighting? And then I always say to them, you don't have to answer that by the way.


I'm just exceedingly nosy and I have a curious brain. And then usually they actually tell me a lot of stuff about their personal lives. I think they just know that I'm, I'm genuinely just curious and I mean no harm. Rose Marie writes Candace, we will see you in March just in time for the Aussie federal election. Woo whoop. That's Right guys, keep your tickets. We did rebook all the dates so you do not have to return them. But I don't like what is their office asking for? 'cause they wanna drag out the process so that we have to go through it again. Like ridiculous. Like I said, If you could decide before I even applied, then I'm pretty sure you can decide again long after I have applied. Thank you. Skitting writes as a goth, I approve of Candace's outfit today. Candace would make such a great goth.


Thank you. Thank you. No one's ever said that to me before. You're the very first person who's ever said that to me. And scad, we writes, sorry, Bassam. Yusef, I'm Arab, but still voting for my girl, Candace for the contest. Oh, thank you. Hear that Bassam. Yusef, you suck. Yeah, people are with me. My fans are hardcore and they will not lemme down. I don't know what I win. Like what do we get? Actually, I feel like they need to be clear about like, do we get a trophy? Is there an award ceremony? Should I buy a dress? You know, should I try a fab, buy a fabulous dress? Do I get to walk a red carpet? Nobody knows. Nobody knows. But we appreciate stop antisemitism for just being, like I said, beyond parody and allowing us to now laugh.


I was saying to my husband this morning, I was like, we're now at a point. It's so weird. 10 years ago, If you were like a white person, someone called you a white supremacist, you're like, oh, oh my gosh. Like I love black people. I don't have a mean bone in my body. I grew up with black people. Now it's like this person's a white supremacist. You're like, what did he say? Like what did, what did he, mm, what did he say? Would he like say the truth about something? 'cause that's what like BLM did to like the accusation. This is now Robert Antisemitism. When you're like years ago it was like, oh my gosh. It's like everything I learned in school, I love Jewish people. I would never, and now you're like, what did he say? Like it's sad when Palestinian kids die. Like this is the point we're at when these words are all just so meaningless.


It's a joke, but it's a good place to be at because that means we're like, we're warming back up to the nineties where we can all make fun of each other. And sometimes you just have to go through times when your people suck. Like I really think like during the BLM years, like black people were just sucking. It was horrible. I was like, guys we're the funny people. We have a sense of humor. We don't take things seriously and now we're back. I'm like, yes, yes. Black people we're back. We're funny again. We're in there. Jewish people. Ooh yeah, I'm sorry. You gotta go through it. It's your people now everyone's gotta pass the annoying baton. You know Everybody's gotta pass the annoying baton. It's your turn. Anyways guys, before we go reminding you, we have our Black Friday bundle deals on our website. Visit Club Candace, four different bundles. The stand get a helmet bundle.


The stand is forgotten country t-shirt bundle. The stand is Christ is King bundle. And lastly, the fave. We were out of them, but I'm now signing a thousand more. The stand is blackout bundle actually autographed by me. 'cause I would never send you guys a digitized fake autograph. When people do that. They're, they're terrible. They're so bad. I would never do that. So I make sure my hand hurts and sign them all and I'm signing 1000 more. They're back up there. You guys are. And yeah, that's it. I guess we will see you tomorrow.