
And we are back. You guys. Welcome to 2025. I'm so excited. I genuinely missed you guys so much. It was weird. Like I say, the show is me talking to my friends on the phone. So basically I feel like I didn't speak to my friends on the phone for a couple of weeks and we have so much to cover. I mean, we're obviously not gonna get to it all today, but it will be a start. I feel like I went off air for a little over a week and everyone decided to lose their minds. Elon Musk had a breakdown. Really, it's the way that I would describe it over H one B Visas. We have to speak about that. I'll explain it slowly to you. Also, I got into it with Seth Dillon of the Babylon Bee, the satire site, and there is a backstory there, and I'm going to share that backstory with you because I feel like the public has a right to know, right?


I'm just gonna spill. We also had a Tesla terror attack outside a Trump hotel. We'll get to that tomorrow. Blake Lively relaunching the Me Too movement. We'll get to that tomorrow as well. Of course, I have an opinion on it, but first, a very unsurprising announcement for my internet sleuths. Let's get into it. Welcome back to Candace. All right, you guys. Yes, you caught me. You got me. I Am Pregnant again. Or still. I feel like these aren't even announcements anymore.


This is not even a pregnancy announcement. I feel like it would be an announcement if I said I'm not pregnant. Then you guys would go, oh my gosh, Candace, that's actually some new news. But yes, baby number four is on the way. And I can definitely say for those of you that were just sending us messages like, oh, I can tell the baby's on the way. It, it really was the Pi Morgan appearance that I think I can really blame for setting those rumors. A flame. I walked into a studio, by the way, as my last appearance of the year, and I looked directly at him. Here we are in the middle of London. I said, peers, I would like to really not announce this pregnancy just yet to the world. So can we just make sure the camera angles aren't showing my little belly Last appearance, 2020 2024.


And he was like, yeah, no. We checked the angles and bam, all of a sudden the show comes out. I know If we have a a still of that, but people could just see that my belly was a, a little tub tubs. And of course then the comments flew in. This is what I was seeing on my Instagram. Mimi wrote, writes, I see a baby bump and pregnancy nose. I don't even know if that is. Do I have a pregnancy nose? Is this a pregnancy nose? It might just be my real nose. She thinks it's a pregnancy nose. I don't know. Here's another person. Cleopatra J writes, I see baby number four, congratulations. Okay, Cleopatra, I see you too. Another comment here from SC Ali writes, CANDACE, any pregnancy announcements coming yet?


Okay, okay. I confess it's happening. But listen, we don't, we don't really know how this one happened. We actually, we went to the doctor this time. He legitimately asked us if we knew how babies were made. I was like, do you guys, do you guys know how babies are made? And I was also mildly, mildly concerned on election night when I joined PBD in the gang that it might slip. And I, I promise you, from this photo, an internet user on X wrote and said, I see another little conservative coming, baby number four for Candace. I don't know what's wrong with you guys. You have like x-ray vision. You can't hide anything from the internet. I guess it's particularly the people that follow me. Obviously, because we are the internet slews. We went through the Kamala Chronicles.


I don't even know why I thought that I could hide this pregnancy from you. I should have just been forthcoming with it. And I will also let you guys know if it's another baby boy. So I officially will be living in a fraternity. It will be me and my daughter against a lot of young toddler boys who are always team dad. So it's gonna get really fun. But I have to tell you why I waited so long to tell you guys. And it wasn't because it was, you know, a particularly new news in this household. Also, I'm Catholic, So I feel like everyone just sort of expects these things. But truly for the first time ever, I just was not having a good first trimester. I have had very simple pregnancies with no, no symptoms at all for the last three pregnancies.


And this one took me out. It was a surprise pregnancy. Like I said, we weren't trying to get pregnant. And then it just felt like the floodgates, everything that could possibly happen while you're having a terrible first trimester happened. For me, it was, I was just like, please God, just gimme one break. And God was like, no, how about YouTube is gonna demonetize you and you just started your new show, but you're gonna be demonetized because an account called awesome Jew on X is gonna like lead a revolution and tell people to like fake report you. So we had to deal with that. And then I'm like, okay, I'm gonna get a break now. No, Australia's going to ban you. New Zealand is going to ban you from the country. Dennis Prager is going to publish a private email that he sent you.


It was just all so shocking and I just physically could not deal with it. It was just a nonstop flood of hit pieces. Plus I had a lawsuit that was going on in the background. We had Rabbi Schmoley who contacted the FBI over a pineapple pizza that got delivered to him. It was just so much, it was so much that was happening. And I always feel like I'm not the person that's allowed to say, I don't feel good. Like I'm not the person that people expect to say, Hey, I need a break. I feel like that's almost what these people want. They want to know that they can break you. And if I had used the pregnancy excuse so to speak, or if I had said, really, I just can't deal with this and my family's going through a lot right now, I just felt like people would've loved that because that's what it's all about.


That is why they are writing these hit pieces. It's why they're trying to figure out what your actual breaking point is. And it was a lot, I'm not gonna lie. It was a lot. Like I said, every time we thought, okay, this has to be a, there's nothing else that 2024 could possibly possibly throw at us. We were surprised we spoke too soon and something else was around the corner. But You know what? We got through it. And I'm ashamed to say that truly I was overwhelmed when I found out this time. I was like, I just, there's just so much going on. But as always, of course, now that I am, I'm past that and I'm feel I'm feeling so much better. What a tremendous blessing. Always a tremendous blessing. And also wanna acknowledge so many of my friends right now.


And people that I know that are going through trying to have children and fertility has been a struggle for so many families. And I know when you are going through something, If you're having back to back miscarriages or you are been trying to get pregnant for years, when you see these happy announcements, it's, it's so hard not to feel like, oh, why isn't it me this time? So many women have been there and thought, oh, why isn't it me this time? It seems like everyone's getting pregnant around me. I wanna start a family. God will bless you when it is the right time. And don't let these pregnancy announcements get you down. I wanted to just say that because like I said, I personally know so many people going into this year who are just hoping to start a family, and it's, it's such a, a beautiful thing. It's that people even want to start families. And So I wanted to just give you guys that news.


And that news is really great for my fans because You know that what it really means is that Savage CANDACE is back here. It is on rewind for you guys. Hello. What do you have to say to the trans students on this campus who actively feel victimized by your presence here today? Life's tough. Get a helmet, man. I'm too pregnant for this Next question. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially too pregnant for this. So some of you guys might have been noticing that I have been a little mouthy, I would say on X. And this is Y. It is something about, it's just me, my body. I know tons of other women who can relate. When I Am Pregnant with a boy, I just get a little aggressive towards the end. I don't know what it is.


It could just be like the testosterone inside of the baby. But I am just ready to do battle. I'm ready to do hood rat stuff with my friends. And If you are my friend out there, it is time for us to do hood rat stuff and to call people out. And So I am going to start that process immediately and explain to you why a joke on the Babylon Bee actually set me off.


Before we get to that, I wanna throw it to one of our sponsors, Good Ranchers. You guys know I love them. They're sponsoring this episode. When you buy meat from Good Ranchers, you are directly supporting local farms and ranchers in the United States. And you get to skip the chaos of imported meat in the grocery store. Good Ranchers delivers high quality 100% American meat straight to your door. So you can start 2025 with better choices, better meals, and better moments at home. Right now, If you visit Good Ranchers dot com and use my code Candace to claim $25 off, you'll get free express shipping and your choice of free ground beef, chicken, or salmon in every order for an entire year. So if spending more time with families, spending less money on going out to eat and enjoying quality, nutritious American food is on your resolution this year, then be sure to visit Good Ranchers dot com and use my code Candace today for meat that delivers just that Good Ranchers dot com American Meat delivered.


Okay, before we get to the Babylon B, let's start with Elon Musk because wow, I, I was so upset that I was not on air as all of this was happening, but it's still happening. This has just been a huge debate. People are wondering whether or not Elon Musk is going crazy, whether or not we've seeded too much power to him or if he's too close to Trump. So let me actually give you guys a, just explain to the entire world what's going on, because it may not be clear. Typically most Americans are not even familiar with the various Visa programs that we have, because why would you be, unless you're married to a foreign national or you have gone through it yourself, or maybe you're employing people. This is not something that most people are well read up on, but especially people overseas. Okay, so what's really funny about this topic is on that, when I sat down with Pi Morgan in December, he and I, we didn't get into a debate really.


He just sort of cut me off. And I was trying to basically say to him, I don't think Elon Musk is a superhero right now. He's at the top of his game. Everybody loves him. Everybody's been worshiping him before this H one B Visa broke out. And I always felt a little bit of pause. So I'm just gonna show you just a quick snippet of me and Pi Morgan's dis Pierce Morgan discussing Elon Musk. I wonder if we're attributing too much super heroism to Elon Musk because he did this amazing thing having here, the thing, I think he freed the bird. I think he actually might be a superhero. And then he sort of launched into this diatribe about why he thought he was a superhero. And I was trying to push back and he sort of cut me off.


And now we have been able to speak about that more at length, which on his show, which I think is coming out tonight, 'cause I did another little visit. But what I was going to say, and I am hopeful that people can hear this in the right way, was that in many ways we partook in celebrity culture, this thing that we hate the most when people just go, well, I love Taylor Swift's music, she makes amazing music. I've followed her career, And so I'm gonna take her advice on who to vote for. I feel like conservatives kind of partook in that culture when it came to Elon Musk. And what I was gonna say is we don't really know what Elon Musk believes. We don't know that. We know that he's extraordinarily wealthy. We know that he did this wonderful thing by quote unquote freeing the bird, which may be going back into its cage soon.


But we have never seen somebody sit down and actually get to what his end game is. And I had, I just had a little bit of reservation about Elon Musk because I'm a Christian and everything that he advocates for to me looks like he's a part of the transhumanist agenda. He wants chips in people's brains. He wants to be, you know, be able to go to Mars. What is, what do we conserve when we say we're conservatives? I would say at its core, we're conserving Christian family values. And nuclear family is what's at, at its core. I think Elon Musk has 12 children by like five different baby mamas, some via IVF, I don't know. But none of that screams Christianity to me. None of that screams C con conservative values to me.


And the problem that we have with Elon Musk is that he gets two types of interviews. He either is sitting down with someone who is intentionally baiting him and absolutely hates him. And this is, by the way, the same predicament with Trump who absolutely hates him. Like Don Lemon when he sat down with Elon, or he's sitting down with people that are just fawning over him and treating him like he's a superhero. And I want someone to actually sit down and flesh out Elon Musk's ideas, what is his end goal? And So I had said to Pi Morgan in that clip, I know what the Ram Swami thinks because he had to go through that process, that ideological process when he was appearing in front of voters and he had to speak to people in middle America. And they got to question about his faith, about his Hindu values, about whether or not that conflicts with Christianity.


But Elon Musk hasn't yet gone through that. He's just unbelievably wealthy and people like wealth. And so they're happy about what he did with X and they're willing to just say, okay, you can be in our government. So I'm not, I'm not even kidding when I say that days after this exchange between me and peers, suddenly we were learning a lot more about Elon Musk and we were able to learn this via this weeks long debate that broke out over H one B visas. Okay, now, in case you are not familiar with what an H one B Visa is, I'm gonna explain it to you. It's essentially a foreign workers' visa legislation was passed in 1990 to permit foreigners to work in the United States. And at that time, we were told by politicians that it was reserved to source foreigners who were in the top 1% of talent globally.


Okay? That was a sales pitch. These people are so talented that the, we want them on our side, okay? 'cause we gotta go up against China. And so we need this guy here. He's in the top 1% of talent globally. And of course, when it comes to politics, a sales pitch is never what you get, right? It's never what you get. And that is not what has happened since at all. Instead, they're using the H one B Visa program to source cashiers, teachers, janitors, publicists. So you're gonna tell me that no Americans want these jobs. This entire issue is what I would refer, what I would refer to as a MAGA 1 0 1 issue. It's been going on for a very long time. Essentially people saying we need to stop the abuses, not just of illegal immigration, but also of illegal immigration programs like the H one B one, because obviously it disadvantages Americans who want and need those jobs.


Okay? So if you're coming up and you do your four year degree, and you spend a hundred thousand dollars on a student loans, and then you're like, great, I'm gonna go into pr. And you find out that actually Jenny has your job from the UK and you're going, why can't, why? Why? Why was she given this job? And the answer is because it drives wages down because those foreigners will do the jobs for cheaper because it's a pathway to citizenship, right? So If you are coming from India and it's like, Hey, you're gonna make less money, but you're gonna be in America, and in two years, which is how this works in two years, you can apply for permanent residency. You can apply for a green card after two years of being in this program.


And so the last estimate, which was done in 2019, was that 600,000 people in America that there were 600,000 people that were there on H one B one Visa. That program can last for up to 10 years If you go to work for the Department of Defense. So, and why? Why do we have this many people that are stealing American jobs? Like I said, it is untrue that these are just being given to people who have extraordinary talent and are from the top 1% of the pool. So this debate was reopened with a tweet from a AMI who you guys know that I like very much, and I'm just gonna read some of it because it's very long. Here's what he started to say. The reason top tech companies often hire foreign born and first generation engineers over Native Americans isn't because of an innate American IQ deficit, A lazy and wrong explanation.


A key part of it comes down to the C word culture. Tough questions, demand tough answers. And if we're really serious about fixing the problem, we have to confront the truth. Our American culture has venerated mediocrity over excellence for way too long, at least since the nineties, and likely longer. If it doesn't start in college, it starts young. A culture that celebrates the prom queen over the math Olympiad champ, or the jock over the valedictorian will not produce the best engineer. So it goes on and on. He's explaining about the breakdown of American culture, which kind of leads to this inevitability. And he faced immediate backlash, but immediate support from Elon Musk, support from Elon Musk who kind of just was being rude about Americans like he, and this, the reason for that, by the way, is because he came into this country on an H one B visa, but he apparently doesn't know a lot about the program other than that he is here and he wouldn't be allowed to be here, and he wouldn't be allowed to hire people who he clearly hires that are under this visa program.


And so here's just one thing that he said, a couple of things that he said, the reason I'm in America, along with so many critical people who built SpaceX, Tesla, and hundreds of other companies that made America strong is because of H one B. Take a big step back and f yourself in the face. I will go to war on this issue, the likes of which you cannot possibly comprehend. Okay? All right. So he was getting angrier and angrier. He was removing people's check marks. A bunch of accounts got banned because he, like I said, he was trending for weeks. Really, he's been trending since this discussion broke out about people saying like, how dare you, like you come into this country and you're basically denigrating Americans by saying like, you're not good enough to take these positions.


And we feel that we are. Here's what he also said, which was really what sent people over the edge. He was, was responding to someone who said, are people really dumb enough to think that they can convince Elon Musk and immigrants to the United States who has generated untold wealth and a national security advantage for our economy and nation out of thin air? That high skilled immigration is bad for Americans? Like, seriously? Again, that person's question is ridiculous because it's not high skilled immigration that is happening under this program. Anyways, Elon Musk responds to that and he says, my tolerance for SubT Tarts is limited. So now he's doing the sort of leftist game of ad hominin attacks, like, we're too stupid, we're a mediocre, you guys don't understand. And really what's happening here is, and what I fear with many people is once you have access to the kind of wealth that Elon Musk has, once you become the richest man in the world, you never really have to listen to anybody tell you no, you, you just can be right about everything.


You can put yourself in a room with a bunch of yes men who are constantly going to tell you yes. It's very hard for people in that environment to be humble, right? To to, to humble themselves and say, okay, what am I missing here? 'cause I don't think that all of these people are, are angry because they don't want immigrants in this country. Let me actually try to learn something. It's hard to teach someone that believes that they know everything. And I feel that Steve Bannon said it in such a strong way on his show. Obviously he is using the same kind of language that Elon Musk is saying, but what he says here is important. Take a listen. I've said many times that Elon came and Elon's money helped organize the grassroots of it in his engineering mind.


He saw what the problem was as we saw it, and he supported it. And for that, he gets a place at the table. There's no doubt you should, they're recent converts and we love converts hell. I'm in a, I'm a Catholic, we used to be in the convert business, not so much anymore. We can't keep what we got. But in the old days, you know, half the saints are missionaries we'd love, we love and converts, but the converts sit in the back and study for years and years and years to make sure you understand the faith and you understand the nuances of the faith and understand how you can internalize the faith. Don't come up and go to the pulpit in your first week here and start lecturing people about the way things are gonna be.


If you're gonna do that, we're gonna get, and we're gonna rip your face off. We're just gonna rip your face off. I guess we're going into this. Everyone's got a lot of things to do with faces. Elon Musk, obviously, you know, whatever your own face, the point of the matter is, is Steve Ben is essentially saying like, you're here, you have, you have a seat on the table by, by the virtue of just being Elon Musk. So why not try to learn about the concerns of MAGA because the people have been here, the American people have been here and have had these concerns long before you entered into this American first movement at all. And I think that that is fair. And I think it's also making some strange bedfellows, by the way, because Bernie Sanders apparently has been on this issue for 17 years.


He has been saying that the H one B program has been abused. And this is a clip that's dating back all the way from when George Bush was president. Now to be clear, this clip of Bernie Sanders, which the noise is not great on this, so if you're just on audio, you're just gonna have to bear with it a bit. But this, this clip dates back to him joining Lou Dobbs, the late doula, Lou Dobbs of Fox News. And they're talking about amnesty. So he's basically saying that the government has sold us out to billionaires. And that the person who was pushing for unlimited legal migration at this time and still is Bill Gates of Microsoft, formerly of NI Microsoft. And he's saying that it's because they've done these deals, they want cheap labor. And so one way is through illegal immigration and then giving everybody amnesty, which is what they're talking about.


But then he also particularly calls out the H one B Visa program. Take a listen to Bernie Sanders 17 years ago When the middle class in this country continues to shrink, despite a huge increase in worker productivity, poverty continues to increase. Since Bush has been president, 5 million more Americans have slipped into poverty, 6 million Americans more have lost their health insurance and the gap between the rich and everybody else's growing wider. So when President Bush tells you how great the economy is doing, what he is really saying is that the CEOs of large multinationals are doing very, very well. He's kind of ignoring the economic reality of everybody else.


And that gets us to the immigration issue. If poverty is increasing and if wages are going down, I don't know why we need millions of people to be coming into this country as guest workers who will work for lower wages than American workers and drive wages down even lower than they are right now. And as we know the principal industries, which higher the bulk of illegal aliens, that is construction, landscaping, I just heard something, hospitality, those are all industries which wages are declining. I don't hear that discussed on the Senate floor by the proponents of this amnesty legislation. That's right. They have no good response. I just read something today that a lot of people coming into this country are coming in as lifeguards.


I guess we can't find That's right. We can't find American workers to work as lifeguards. And the HH one B program has teachers, elementary school teachers, right? Well, you know, yeah. And that H one B program, we got to watch Senator Ted Kennedy sit there with the sole witness being one Bill Gates world's richest man. Tell him he wanted unlimited H one B visas, right? Obviously uninformed as to the fact that seven out of 10 visas under the H one B program go to Indian corporations that are outsourcing those positions to American corporations in this country. And that four out of five of those jobs that are supposed to be high-skill jobs are actually category one jobs.


That's which is low skill. So there you have it. And I think it's really important to understand that issue entirely, to see what it, what people are actually debating. And it certainly isn't race as some people have suggested. Well now people are just racist. We're so back in 2015 with people just not understanding that the American workers are being disadvantaged from programs like this. And far be it for me to suggest that Elon Musk should step maybe outside of Mar-a-Lago and go speak to people that are impacted by this. And I wanna be clear, I think it's unfair to even conflate what Vivek was saying with what Elon Musk is saying. Elon Musk is, is not saying the same thing as VA is saying, let's keep this program and clean it up. He definitely was not saying we should have unlimited immigration. I don't think he was at least, but very much Elon Musk is advocating for the same thing that Bill Gates is advocating for.


And so it's interesting to hear Bernie Sanders say that this has always been a billionaire perspective because they want cheap labor. And now we have to begin asking, what is Elon Musk's end game? But I will definitely be keeping you guys abreast on that issue first. Going to throw it to an ad.


Before I give you the Babylon Tea, I wanna talk to you guys about PDS debts. We're all looking for a fresh start this time of year from eating better to losing weight to reading more. Now is the perfect time to give your finances a huge fresh start by making this the year to get outta debt. The first step is to contact PDS debt for a personalized debt solution. If you're making payments every month on your debt and your balances aren't going down, PDS debt has solutions for you. Everyone with $10,000 or more ineligible debt qualifies and there is no minimum credit score required. Bad and fair credit is accepted. Save more while paying off your debt in a fraction of the time. PDS debt can offer personalized advice based on your unique financial circumstances. They consider your income expenses and the type of debt that you have to create a customized strategy that works for you. So make this year, the year that you take control of your debt. Get a free debt analysis right now@pdsdebt.com slash Candace. It only takes thirty seconds. Again, that is p ds debt.com/ Candace PDS Debt dot com slash Candace.


Alright, me versus Seth Dylan. Speaking of Elon Musk, it's an appropriate way to get into this next topic actually, because the backstory of the Babylon Bee, the satire site, I'm now doing satire in, in quotation marks is that Seth Dylan, who was running the Babylon Bee, purchased the Babylon Bee, posted a joke about transgenderism, I think he called maybe Rachel Levine, like the Man of the Year or something. And back when Jack Dorsey was in control of X, this resulted in him getting kicked off or locked out. I'm not sure really what the story was there. And that was the moment that Elon Musk said, I don't wanna live in a world that we can't tell jokes of the Babylon Bee.


He got in touch with Seth Dylan. The next thing we knew Elon Musk was buying the Babylon Bee. And yeah, so that's kind of a little bit of, and I'll be clear here. And since then, obviously the Babylon Bee writes a lot of articles about Elon Musk and all of them are jokes, but they're all favorable to Elon Musk for the obvious reason that they adore him for what he did for them, and for free speech, really helping to put the Babylon Bee satire site on the map. I'm just showing you the, some of the coverage of Elon Musk over the past couple of years that this has happened. This is definitively not all of it, but you can see these jokes are super friendly. Elon Musk getting ready to haul three wells to White House door so he can knock and say, well, well, well, you're not particularly funny.


But there you go. Elon Musk buys the United Kingdom to establish free speech there. Elon Musk falls into crippling poverty after single meal at five Guys, Elon Musk offers Mark Zuckerberg $1 billion if he changes the name of Facebook to Facebook. So it's all of this like we love Elon Musk and we're always gonna tell jokes that are in his favor because you can tell jokes that are in someone's favor or you can be on the bad side of a joke where they're someone's making fun of you. And we know this because of Saturday Night Live, right? Saturday Night Live was masquerading itself as satire and humor, but in reality, we were seeing that they very much hated Trump. They hated Trump supporters. Alec Baldwin wasn't doing the Trump shtick because he was trying to be funny. He was doing it because buried underneath it all was a very angry man who would eventually shoot someone and kill someone.


And we'd seen Alex. He just was basically using this character to vent, to vent his hatred for Donald Trump. And that's really what SNL became, just like mocking all Americans between New York and la, the flyover states. And so we said, you know, we don't really find your jokes very funny, and we want to get out of this. And the reason why I wanna talk to you about this topic is because typically in the conservative movement when issues flare up, there is the public perception of these issues. And then there's what happens behind the scenes. And I'm a person that I wish I could just tell you everything that happens behind the scenes, maybe because I'm always pregnant and I'm just, I just don't like contracts, I don't like NDAs. I don't like the public not knowing what's happening. I think it's all cheap and stupid and it undermines public trust.


And the public is not stupid. And so it's amazing that I don't have an NDA with the Babylon Bee. And I can actually just give you guys the background of this. So on the surface, the Babylon Bee tried to portray it as though I got angry because they told a quote unquote joke about me. Okay? So this was the joke that they ran during Christmas week or a day before Christmas, whatever it was, on the Babylon b website. Candace Owens horrified to learn that Christmas was started by the birth of a Jew. Objectively to me, not a funny joke. Kind of like I objectively didn't find Dave, I'm blanking on his last name. I should not be 'cause he's the biggest comedian. Dave. Dave Chappelle's joke about me funny because he was, it was coming from a place of anger about George Floyd.


But whatever, If you are going to put together jokes and nev far be it from me to suggest that someone should be taken off air or I, I don't believe any of that stuff. I just sometimes don't find jokes to be funny when they're rooted in places of anger and the fans reacted to this. This was initially posted on Instagram. If you go into the comment section, it's like, you know, 70% pro CANDACE, 30% pro Babylon be, and then people just yelling at people saying that you're in a Candace cult. And no, it's because again, the public isn't stupid and they're recognizing this sort of theme with the Babylon Bee. It's like very, it's like the Zionist be, it's like the, you know, Babylonian Talmudic be is what it's really become. It's just very obvious that they are worshiping Israel and that they base their jokes on people who don't worship Israel and BB net and Yahoo.


And people have started to notice that thread. Now I wanna just really show you what the Babylon BE'S coverage, before I give you this backstory of what really happened here, what the Babylon BE'S coverage was of me before I left the Daily Wire, there were just like Elon Musk coverage. There wasn't many articles. There was maybe three or four. But here's the headlines. Back when the Babylon B liked me, the Daily Wire quietly cancels their upcoming Little Mermaid remake starring Candace Owens. Okay, Pelosi preemptively announces articles of impeachment against Candace Owens Facebook claims party celebrating Candace Owens's Suspension was an honest mistake. Again, jokes were all in my favor. I leave the Daily Wire and it they completely flip on me.


And the jokes are just pretty blatantly obvious that they don't like me. So here are some of the jokes. It was The Jews screams Candace Owens on the first round of Clue. Here's the next one, Kanye West, starting to think CandaceOwens might be a little crazy. And by the way, going back to if, If you wanna go to the, it was the Jews joke back, If you wanna pull that back up again, just look at the timing of these jokes. Like August 25th, show the other one. This is July 11th. And the third one that they made about me here, you know, CandaceOwens horrified to learn that Christmas was started by the birth of a Jew. Okay? So you can kind of see like the show's just coming back and we're getting in the groove of things and they start like, you know, ramping up the jokes against me. Now Seth Dylan then posted this as this.


I responded and was like, okay, like this is pretty obviously not a joke. And he posted this on Twitter. Yes, the joke is that Candace is obsessed with Jews. It's funny because it's true, it's been true for a long time. Apparently it's only been true since July of this year. And when I left Daily Wire, it would be strange if we never joked about it. Then she proved it was true by getting mad and saying that we attack Christians and never make fun of Jews because we have a secret agenda that she wants to expose. Conspiratorial nonsense that made the whole thing funnier. Behind it all is our personal relationship, which has always been cordial and mutually respectful. Well, I don't let my personal relationships interfere with our work. Our writer's job is to mock things just as hers is, to attack ideas and narratives that she finds Objectable.


She offends a lot of people, including her friends. I know she's lost many because of it, And so have we. Truth telling does that it isn't a nefarious plot though, at least not from our end. And I don't claim to know anyone else's motives. What we don't do is invite people offended by our jokes to lecture us about why this one didn't count as valid satire. That is silly selfer and not productive. No humorous has an interest in dissecting his jokes like that. Introspective introspection could be productive though, and that's what biting satire aims to spark. Okay, cool. So we both agree that honesty is what we are in the business of. And So I think it's time for me to get a little honest about the Babylon be So it further contextualizes that relationship that he says that we have behind the scenes, which he makes it sound like it's just a loose relationship.


So the Babylon be, before Elon got involved in it, obviously they started getting a lot of hits, I think really not because the jokes are entirely the funniest things I've ever read, but because we were just all kind of starved for people to stop making jokes about Maga, to stop making jokes about conservatives, to stop making jokes about the flyover country in pops Babylon B, they're making fun of leftists and the leftists are getting super angry about it. And we were just like, great. Finally we have something that flows in the other direction. It's not the onion, it's the Babylon be. And we all are very supportive of them. At the same time that this was happening, I had a real relationship with Babylon Bee, not a light relationship with him. I mean with Seth Dylan, not a light relationship with him. My husband was involved with him in business and he came to my house just absolutely always saying, Seth, whatever it is that you need help with, we wanna help you.


Like we are so happy that you are here and that you exist. So one day I get a phone call from Seth Dylan and he tells me a horrific story. Truly what happened to him was horrific. This was a couple of years ago. And essentially a mutual colleague is what I refer to this person as was pretending to be Seth Dylan's friend, saying that they wanted to collaborate and do business with Seth Dylan in inviting Seth Dylan for meetings. Like, oh, we're all friends in the conservative movement, you know, whatever. And Seth Dylan went for a meeting with these what he thought were friends and they wanted to buy his business.


They wanted to literally buy the Babylon Bee. And Seth Dylan said, no, actually I kind of wanna hold on Babylon Bee. Cool, awesome. Seth Dylan leaves the meeting with these friends of his, and by the time he like gets into his car to drive down the street, these friends then sent offers to all of his employees offering them double, triple the salary that Seth Dylan was paying them, essentially a staging, a hostile takeover of the Babylon be saying, we will pay you more. Just come do what you're doing here at our company. And forget about Seth Dylan and some of his employees took the offer. Actually, I think at least three of the employees took the offer.


And Seth Dylan was reeling from this. He was absolutely reeling from this. And when he called me and he told me, because I can be pretty righteous about things like this, I was morally outraged. Not only that, the person, the people that did this, then sent him basically a, a message, a text message that I have that was one of the nastiest things I've ever read in politics. And I mean, these are people that present themselves as the good guys, right? This is the stuff that you guys, Don Dunno, that goes on behind the scenes. Like people that present themselves as moral good guys and you know, whatever it is, doing these sorts of things within the conservative movement. And that text message was essentially, look, we're the big guys, you're of a little guy. We can do whatever we want. Maybe one day you'll be big, but we're big and we can just simply afford to do these things.


Essentially f you, this is what we're doing, we're taking over your company. And Seth Dylan was basically going through a personal crisis because of this. And So I put my name and my reputation on the line. I told 'em I would not stand for this. I knew this company very well and I took it all the way up. You know what I mean? I actually contacted the person that was behind this and said, this is absolutely despicable. What you are doing is morally outrageous. How do you look yourself in the mirror reading this message? You sound like a psychopath. Just putting this in writing is even more something that you would ever, if this ever leaked to the public, your entire company would be over, is what I said.


And essentially, how could you do this to Seth Dylan? Like, he's such a good person. Why would you do this to someone who essentially just makes jokes on the internet? And So I also said that in any capacity that I worked with this company, I would have nothing to do with the employees that were hired under these circumstances. And I let Seth know, we ha me and my husband, we have your back 100% because right is right and wrong is wrong. Okay? Again, personal crisis that he went through, thought his entire company was gonna be over. And then guess what happens? Well, Elon Musk says randomly tweets and wants to rescue the Babylon B.


And suddenly those people in the conservative movement said, oh, we better make amends with Seth Dylan. We better cut this guy a check and do a deal with him because we don't wanna have beef. Because now he is friends with the most powerful person in the world, Elon Musk. Okay? And so Seth Dylan forgave the situation, pretends it was from his heart. I think it was actually, because that's how money is, doesn't matter, it wasn't my business. I just wanted to interject because what was happening to Seth down at that time was wrong. Okay? So you fast forward to now my family having the most difficult year, the most difficult time, and us feeling that we were back stabbed by friends. I lose my job at the Daily Wire and then Andrew Klavan makes a video over.


Christ is King. And I look onto my Twitter feed and Seth Dylan, you know, this guy that I went on a limb for is just instantly jumping in over the Crisis King thing is anti-Semitic, spinning it as anti-Semitism piling on essentially messaging me, asking me, you know, well you should say this about gripper. Like the, the last thing I am thinking about after having all of this happen is what else I can do for Seth Dylan? Because he's getting, after he's saying whatever about crisis King, random Frog accounts are saying awful things him about the fact that he's Jewish. That Dylan, by the way, If you don't know, he is of Ashkenazi Jewish, Ashkenazi Jewish descent. And so he's getting his feelings hurt by some random frog accounts.


My whole life is in a spiral, but he wants me to take this time to say something against these random griper accounts. And it was just at that time that I realized this is not really a good person. This is just a person who essentially is using me to fight his battles and I decline to do it. I'm not gonna make a tweet against Random Frog accounts because you want me to do it when my family's in a time of turmoil. And then the, the jokes started, the jokes against Candace started and they have not stopped since. And when Seth says that he doesn't make jokes out of anger or it's not out of, you know, it's all about satire being friendly, it's not propaganda. He's lying to you. Because on that day when he was asking me to make these jokes about or to make a, a statement or to attack groupers on his behalf, whatever it was to clarify that I'm not aligned with groupers on Crisis King, he got so angry with those grouper accounts that he decided to post a joke or repost a joke that had been from years ago on the Babylon b website.


I was texting with him when he posted this. It was literally because he was mad at perceived white supremacists on the internet anonymous troll accounts, griper accounts that he posted this joke and it's this one, the white race must maintain our genetic purity, says inbred man that came from Seth. They, he, he posted that because he was angry. So it's not a joke, okay? The Babylon Bee is not posting stuff because they find this stuff to be funny. They're posting this stuff because as he says, he finds the self to be true. They're posting the stuff, this stuff out of some perceived anger at the person that they're targeting in, in some circumstances. Not all I'm sure sometimes they're really just being funny when they're making a Nancy Pelosi joke.


But in other times, and typically when it does have to do with races, white people, Jewish people, it's very clear from posting that joke when he got angry that Seth Dylan views himself to be racially Jewish, right? Because you're posting something against white people because you're mad at white people and because you feel that they're saying things that are against Jews. So that is the truth. The Babylon b is some is run by someone who views himself to be racially Jewish, which is why he is angry with me for not serving the state of Israel, which I refuse to do. And what made this last one especially egregious and why I said something aside from the fact that I'm pregnant with a, a guy with the, the, with the little boy is because th three days prior to him posting that joke and I knew they were gonna post something because the USS Liberty episode went up against Israel.


So that's what they gotta do. They got a propagandize and Zion eyes, whatever it is. Seth Dylan had messaged me and said, Hey, you know, like I watched the clip, I watched the interview between you and George on your show, and I wanted to essentially say I, you know, grateful, whatever it was, he said it was a really nice message, essentially what felt like calling for a truce. And I said to him, you know, obviously we've seen all your jokes. It was hurtful that you would do this. When my family was going through so much this year, I shared with him that we had a very difficult first trimester. So we then had to deal with our friends writing satire about us, which was obviously just pro-Israel propaganda and anger. And that it just sucked given everything that I had done and put myself on a limb for him when his family was under attack.


That genuinely I would've had just appreciated. I wasn't asking for him to defend me. I never asked for anyone to defend me, but shutting up would've been nice. Like his silence would have been appreciated when I was going through everything I went through this year. And he, he couldn't even award me that it was nothing that he could give back. Nothing other than she's definitely obsessed with Jews, not there obsessed with her. He's never won any jokes about Rabbi Schmoley. He never ran any jokes about the awesome Jew account that, You know, led everything that happened with us use, losing our YouTube monetization. Rabbi Schley for two years obsessing over me and saying, we're gonna get you fired. We're gonna do this. None of that was funny for the Babylon Bee. None of that seemed as obsessive to the Babylon Bee. And So I tweeted this to Seth Dylan not tweeted, actually sent this to him in a message regarding his insinuation that I'm obsessed with the Jews rather than just defending myself.


And I'm never gonna stop defending myself and defending my name. I wrote this, this text message, I said to Seth, did you think I was obsessed with black people when I made an entire documentary on the corruption of BLM plus? Did about 1000 media hits discussing their toxicity and about 500 college campus visits discussing their violence and Marxist ideology because Babylon B was supportive of me, then the jokes were in my favor. I'm just wondering why that didn't register to you as an obsession with black people given it lasted for about four years. And BLM didn't murder 18,000 kids, but they were violent and indeed did billions of dollars in damage. It's almost as if you're just a massive hypocrite who thinks Israel can't be critiqued because Jews live there.


Just like Al Sharpton doesn't believe that black people can't be, can be critiqued without spurious claims of racism. This is why I see you as a fraud. If the bee had called me all of those names during BLM, I might think you were consistent and therefore truly just being funny. But your reaction to one rather than the other is actually just Jewish supremacy. I don't tolerate racial supremacy from any group. So that's it. I mean, obviously, like I said, it wasn't much for, you know, it didn't take my audience much to really recognize what was happening with the Babylonian Alud B and they are starting to get that feedback and they deserve it. But I wanted to let you know where my upset came from because them trying to frame it to the public, like she just can't take a joke.


It's just absolute crap. It's the gaslighting, it's the sub that Sigmund Freud's method of psychology is born of, you know, constantly attacking someone and then going, what, what, what? You just can't take a joke. And I can't think of anything cheaper than pretending that it's a joke. Like Saturday Night Live pretending that it was a joke for years as you just focused on one part of the population because you hated us. That's it. You just simply hated Trump supporters. And that's fine, that's fine. But at least have the courage, have the, the moral courage to admit that you are doing this because you have interests, you have interest, just like the Jerusalem Post has interest, just like you know, Prager hug has interest except they at least have the, the courage to admit what those interests are.


Your, your reel, okay? You, you're, you're pro real, okay? You see yourself racially as a j It's why you post anti-white jokes when you get angry and all. That's fine. But stop hiding behind satire. That said, you guys, I got to absolutely just a couple of things that I want to mention here. 'cause I know that we're running up against time and there it's already 44 minutes. First and foremost, the Rabbi sch lawsuit font Blue Hotel. Please find that in your spare time you're gonna crack up. Essentially he got into a, a fight with somebody at the and Blue Hotel and then threatened the hotel be he started making ai, allegedly using AI created videos to criticize the hotel because a guest and him got into a spat.


He basically wanted them to cut him a $1 million check because the guest yelled at him. He compared the font and Blue Hotel to Nazi collaborators as he attempted. What the owners are saying is a shakedown, poor Rabbi Mli didn't realize that the owners of the font and Blue Hotel are Jewish. So everything he said to me, he was doing the font and Blue Hotel calling them Nazi collaborators, anti-Semite, anti anti-Semitic online using AI videos to attack them, trying to get a million dollar check in this quote unquote shakedown lease according to the lawsuit. And it turns out that they are extremely Jewish as it involved in the Jewish community, and they are not taking it. They are straight up suing Rabbi Shmuley.


And I hope that that family wins. Seriously. Bless you. What I don't have the family's last name. I have, I forgot to write this down, but whatever family this is that owns the font and blue, you are on my hero list this year. I'll be following this lawsuit. It is amazing. This is what he does. He smears, he libels, and finally he, he just gets caught here in a situation where he's not gonna be able to proof that this extremely Jewish families, anti-Semitic and a Nazi collaborator and do these sorts of things. They will have the money to be able to fight him and go through this entire process. But you have to read a lawsuit because then at one point when the manager of, of the hotel was just trying to be like, Hey, like we are, are sorry if this happened to you. As he's calling them all sorts of names, he apparently a Rabbi Schmoley accepted a free dinner at the hotel and then moved on.


So he just wanted something for free. And obviously the font and blue is saying that they will not cower to his extortion attempts. They are defending themselves as they have a right to do, as everyone has a right to do when they're being intentionally liable and smeared and lied about. And nobody does that sort of stuff better or more persistently and disgustingly than Rabbi Shmuley. So kudos to the font and Blue Hotel. If I come to Miami, I am definitely staying there. All Right guys, we are, are literally out of time. So I'm, there is nothing else that I can even cover today, which is crazy. It's already been 47 minutes and I, there's, there's so much more that I wanna talk about. I wanna get into. Brett Cooper's new show is, is going to be premiering later this week, which I'm pretty excited about. We'll get to that tomorrow.


I'll give you guys my take. As I said on the Blake Lively, basically unearthing the Me Too movement, it's back from the dead. People are, are losing awards on the basis of allegations. And you guys know I will definitely have an opinion on that, but we are gonna have to wait. Oh, even the terror attack, I haven't even gone to that. It's only been, it's been 47 minutes, but we're all gonna have to wait until tomorrow. It's good. I love when we have too much to talk about. So we'll get into all of that. Let's get into some of your live comments. Sarah writes, congratulations Candace, love and blessings. Sarah Jones writes, can't wait for the Savage Hood Rat Gang Gang, congratulations to you and your family. Fabulous news. I miss you dearly. Yes. And by the way, now I'm like looking into the Babylon Bay because there's just something weird there.


There's just, now I've got a vibe. The per, it's like there's a lot happening behind the scenes. Like I said, I can give you that snippet 'cause I don't have any NDAs that prevent me from telling you what happened. But they're suspicious. They're very suspicious. Maude gone writes, can you research into the disappearance and death of Madeleine McCann? I have a theory on that guys. I do indeed have a theory. I don't wanna share it right now 'cause it's only January. My husband's gonna kill me. He's gonna be like Candace, don't get us into these things. He's not really gonna kill me. He can't kill me. I'm pregnant again. I always say to him, be nice to your pregnant wife even when he is being nice. Be nice to your pregnant wife. That's my thing that I say. I say, honey, be nice to your pregnant wife also.


Guys, I wanna remind you about Seven Weeks Coffee. You guys know that I absolutely love them for a lot of reasons, and mainly being that they're a pro-life coffee company that's on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. So if you're wondering why they're called Seven Weeks Coffee, it's because it's seven weeks. A baby is a size of a coffee bean, which means my baby is a lot bigger at the moment, and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. They donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $750,000 for these centers, and they have saved thousands of lives. I can tell you about the coffee. You guys know that I am picky about what I consume. The coffee's mold free, pesticide-free shade grown, and it's low acid plus organically farmed So it checks all of the boxes. And because coffee tastes better with a free gift, you can subscribe now and get a free engraved coffee spoon plus 15% off on every order exclusively. For my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace for up to 25% off, when you subscribe, you'll get 25% off when you subscribe, pardon? Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 1000 pro-life organizations across the us. That is Seven Weeks Coffee dot com. And again, you can use code Candace at checkout.


All Right guys, A couple more comments here. Scad Kuey writes, what's up with Elon Retweeting anything and everything and the people he retweets to. That just makes me uncomfortable that he is constantly retweeting Ian Miles Chong. If you, If you really wanna look at somebody who people believes a blackmailed operative, it's Ian Miles Chong. He had to flee his home country of Malaysia. He's bizarrely into American politics. He's not American. He's, I don't even think he's ever been here. I don't even know he's ever been to America and he's constantly being promoted by so many neocons and Elon Musk. It makes entirely no sense. Alaska dog lady writes, Ew, Candace, I've had the user in my life, took hindsight to realize that every time the phone rang, it wasn't to ask about me or how I was, it was because she needed something from me, not a real friend.


Yes. And so that really is the story of Step Dylan, the Babylon. Be not a real friend. I told him, I said, we're enemies now. Like we are not friends. Actually, I didn't say we're enemies, said we are not friends. Like, let's stop pretending. I hate the gaslighting of it all. Drives me insane. Like, oh, I'm just a little puppy. It's like that lip scene from Lord of the Rings. That's like I describe Seth Di. He is like, my ring my ring. And he's like, Ooh, Puppy. I didn't do anything. You know, you guys know what I'm talking about. It's, what's that guy's name Some I know one of you guys has got it. Ba babble. Bilbo baggins, Bilbo Baggins. When he's like, ah. And then he is like, oh, I know what I'm doing. It's, I'm so over that. I'm just so over the 40 and gaslighting you guys.


Anyways, by the way, my producers wrote a note. The it is the Soffer family, the chairman and CEO of the font and Blue, who is suing Shmuley. Jeffrey Soffer. You are an American hero in a book. The Font and Blue Hotel Stand up for yourself. Absurd to call a strong Jewish family in a very involved Jewish family, antisemitic and Nazi collaborators. So you win Hero of the day. All Right guys, that is it. Reminding you you can support this show 'cause we are still demonetized on YouTube by heading to Candace do locals.com, and many of you guys have signed up, which is why we don't have to worry so much about all these attacks when they happen.


It's a new year and we are gonna be having some major announcements. It's gonna be a very, very, very big show this year. I'll be under attack nonstop, but I promise you, I have no intentions of biting my tongue. It's only gonna get more aggressive. 'cause that's what little boys do when they're in their mother's moon. They just make 'em go be aggressive. All Right guys, I'll see you tomorrow.