
Hey, it's your friend Mel, and welcome to The Mel. Robbins Podcast. You ever had someone in your life that you really wish would change? You know, you just wish that they would get motivated and lose 20 pounds or 50 pounds or stop at one glass of wine. My husband, for example, he wishes I wouldn't use so many F-bombs after I've had a drink. Maybe you wish that the person that you love would get motivated and find a new job, a better job, or you wish that they just stressed a little nicer, you know, took some pride in how they look. Forget dying with dignity.


Let's just try to live with some dignity. Or maybe you wish that they would pick up their clothes. Why do the clothes need to be everywhere? Or maybe you wish that they would go to therapy and get help with depression. You wish they wouldn't spend their weekends indoors playing video games or just scrolling away on social media. I mean, you've tried everything. You've tried being nice. You've maybe even sent some of these podcast episodes to them every week. You wake up on Monday and you're really, really like you're trying to be supportive. Tuesday you get a little bossy. Could you pick up your clothes for crying out loud on Wednesday?


You're complaining to your friends 'cause you don't wanna talk to them about it on Thursday. Now you're bringing in the self-help speech. You know, you're talking boundaries, owning your power that went nowhere on Friday. You broke down in tears over how worried you are, how frustrated you are, and the weekend as you watch this person eat pizza and drink a case of beer and lay on the couch in the Same outfit, you just couldn't take it silent treatment, ice all weekend. And now here we are just stuck in this dynamic. I've been there, my husband's been there with me. And right now there is someone in your life you wish would change and you know they would be happier if they just did what you think they should do.


But what if I told you you're approaching this all wrong. See, There are three rules about adults. These are truths that you need to know. And the faster that you accept these three rules about other adults, the faster this situation is gonna change. Not because they're gonna change, but because you will.


The Mel Robbins Podcast is proudly sponsored by Amica Insurance Our exclusive insurance partner. Amica understands how important it is to protect the things that matter most to you. So they'll put in the time to make sure you're taken care of. Whether it's talking through all the details of your policy or following up after a claim. Your auto home and life insurance are more than just policies. They're protection for the life you've built. As Amica says, empathy is our best policy. Go to Amica dot com and get a quote today.


holy cow, is it already the middle of the summer and now I'm thinking about back to school? Well, that's because our son is going off to college. But no matter the age of your kids, you wanna make sure they're always getting the vitamins they need, right? Ollie Supplements has got your whole family covered from hello happy gummies to Daily Kids, Maltese. Whether it's the middle of the summer or you're heading back to school, take it all in stride and do wellness on your terms. Find Ollie supplements at a Walmart or Target near you or@ollie.com. That's OLL y.com.


Hey, it's your friend Mel and thank you so much for being here with me. I'm so fired up that you tuned in to this particular episode. I wanna acknowledge you for taking the time to listen to something that could improve your life. And if you're a new listener, I wanna personally welcome you to the Mel Robbins Podcast family. I'm so glad you are here. I'm Mel Robbins. I cannot wait to share this time together with you. And we're gonna be talking about three truths that define all adult relationships. I learned these three truths way too late, which is why I am so excited for you to learn them today. And you know, interestingly, I'm working on my next book.


The title is The Let Them Theory. You're gonna fricking love it. It comes out in January. And the thing that I wanted to share with you is that as I'm researching this book, these three truths come up over and over and over again in the research in every situation I'm writing about. And you know, the fact is, the reason why these these truths come up is because you And I have someone in our lives we wanna change. You want them to drink less, to lose weight. You'd like 'em to help around the house. I mean, you're not being a pain in the rear end. Maybe you want them to be a little bit more affectionate. Maybe they could use a different tone. Maybe you want them to be a little bit more motivated in their career. I get it, I get it.


I would want that too for somebody that I love. But let's just take that last example that you want someone that you care about who is currently in a job that is making them miserable. You want them to be motivated, you want them in a better job because why? Well, you don't wanna see them miserable. Plus they're making you miserable because they come home every day and they complain. How about their boss, Steve? And you've seen this play out. They've been working their tail off, they've been up for promotion several times. They've hit their mark. And good old Steve always has a reason why that promotion isn't coming. And you know, you can see it can't you?


Clear as day this job is a dead end. And you know that Steve, he's being totally unprofessional and unfair and he just keeps stringing this person that you love along. And you know that every single day that goes by is one more day that the person that you love is not in a supportive environment. And you, you just see this playing out. And here's the thing, you know exactly what they need to do, right? In fact, you've got at least a dozen people that you have lined up that are ready to network with this person that you love. But every time that you push, have you noticed every time that you push, Hey, you know, maybe you should look for a new job or you know, I'd really love for you to talk to David.


Or you know, you have so many amazing things to offer, you should be with a better company. They're just stringing you along. Honey, what are you gonna see the writing on the wall and leave and find your power? If? you notice that every time you push, whether it's in a loving way or a little forceful way, what do they do? They push back. And so here you are, you're at this impasse, you're annoyed at this person that you love and you're starting to feel a little judgy about the situation. And you're so sick of it that you can't even hear them complain about it anymore because they're not doing anything. And every little thing that they do from laying on the couch all weekend and watching golf instead of looking for the new job, everything that they do, it just bothers you.


And here's what I wanna tell you. There are three rules about adults and adult relationships that you have to learn and you need to start living by them. And these three rules, they are the truth about how adults work. And these three truths, holy cow, if you really embrace them and you incorporate them into your life and your relationships, it's gonna create so much more harmony in your life. These truths will give you so much peace and power in this situation. They're gonna help you feel more in control. And if you're lucky, it might just create the space for the person that you love to actually want to change for themselves.


Because I'm here to tell you they are never going to change for you And. That brings me to these three truths. Truth number one, if they wanted to, they would adults only do what they feel like doing. And if your loved one doesn't feel like looking for a job right now, they're not going to And. I will unpack this truth in detail in just a minute, but let me get to the other two. Truth number two, you can't make someone else change. Adults only change when they are ready to change. And if your loved one hasn't changed jobs yet, they're not ready to.


And truth number three, stop being mad at people for not being who you want them to be. Let adults be adults. I mean, if your loved one isn't who you want them to be, who's the bigger jerk them for not getting the job that you want them to get or you for judging them? Yeah, that one kind of stings right? Definitely makes you think this is gonna be one of those conversations. By the way, where I'm talking to myself as much as I'm talking to you Because, it took me way too long to learn these three truths.


And now that I can see them And I, know them, And, I'm living by them, I have had to confront what a control freak I've been. And I can also see how I wasn't accepting and loving the people in my life exactly as they are. I mean, isn't that what you want from the people in your life who love you? Don't you want people to accept you as you are, to love you for who you are and for who you're not? Well, I wasn't doing that. I was doing a lot of judging. And so as I unpack each of these truths, you may have that same kind of reckoning with yourself. And, I want you to know it's okay.


We all do it. We all control the people that we love instead of accepting and supporting and loving the people that we love. And what I can promise you is that when you truly embrace these three truths, when you accept these truths, your life is gonna get a whole lot easier. Because right now you have no idea how much unnecessary stress and frustration you're creating for yourself. And, I think the most surprising realization that I've had is that wanting someone else to change doesn't make 'em change. It usually stops 'em from changing.


See, it's only when you back off and you learn how to show up differently, that the people in your life will have the space to start showing up differently too. You know, I think about relationships as this mutual exchange of energy. Like you, you, you really impact one another with your energy. So when you shift your energy from judging and pushing and wanting and wishing and all of this, and you shift how you show up to the relationship, it changes everything. Trust me, you'll see. So let's start with truth number one. If they wanted to, they would.


I wish they'd make an effort. I wish they'd show up. I wish they'd reach out. I'd wish they'd be on time. I wish they'd try a little harder. I wish they'd get healthier. If they wanted to, they would. And here's something that really is gonna sting. It also applies to you. I mean, There are people in your life right now that wish you would make an effort, that wish you would change some aspect about yourself. And the truth about all of us is we do things we feel like doing, period. And when it matters to you, you do it. And what's really hard to accept is that If, you wanna know where somebody stands on an issue.


Just watch their actions. Actions are how people speak to you. Don't listen to their words. Someone else will tell you exactly what they want to do and what they don't wanna do, don't listen to what they say because it's easy to say, yeah, sure, I'll do this. Talk is cheap. It is hard to accept that if they wanted to, they would. But the truth about you is If, you wanted to, you would. So it's very important to realize that this truth swings both ways because again, I said that these are fundamental truths about all adults. And that's the empowering part of this. Like you see how you can change your actions for the better And that makes better relationships.


Everything that you And, I are gonna talk about today is true about other people. And these rules are also true about you because you're an adult And I, like reminding both you and me that these rules apply to everybody else. Adults only do what adults wanna do. And, I only do what I wanna do. And you only do what you wanna do. Because. it gives you a level of humility and a little bit more compassion when you get into situations with people where they're not doing what you want them to do. And so I'm gonna dig deep into these rules by taking questions from your fellow listeners of the podcast. And our very first one comes from a listener named Lisa.


Hi Mel. My name is Lisa And. I. Have a question for you. Mel. I am currently struggling with being a more tolerant person. I struggle with accepting others and their bullshit. We all have bullshit and we all have to carry it, deal with it, and unload it. Don't get me wrong, I have worked on myself for years trying to be better and do better, but damn, I wanna scream sometimes just be better. I have had to deal with so much in life, but I've always wanted more for myself and my family, regardless of the shit that life serves up. Meeting people where they are in life is so important.


I know and understand this, but my patience has tried when people wallow any advice, Mel. Okay, I love this question and I'm sure you can relate to it as much as I can relate to it. And before I dig into this, I wanna divide Lisa's questions into two different topics. Okay? So the first topic is her frustration that people don't wanna do better. That's topic number one. Topic number two is how to deal with what's really irritating, which is people who wallow was her word. I say marinate. Commiserate just absolutely at some level love their bullshit.


You know those people, something's always wrong. They're always complaining. The weather's always bad or they're always unhealthy. They're like, you know that kind of person. So let's start with the first part of that, which is this frustration that you hear in Lisa's voice. I just want them to do better. I've done better. There's almost like an arrogance and a judgment in that, right? That, oh, well if I've fixed myself, you should fix yourself. If I can do this, then you should do this. And to me, that's toxic positivity. Just assuming that because you've done it, that somebody else should. And I'm emphasizing the word should because should holds judgment.


If, you have the perspective that if I've done it, then you could do it to, that's inspiration. That's helping somebody. And so what you wanna make sure that you're doing is that if you're frustrated that you're coming from a place of love and coming from a place of wanting to help somebody, rather than coming from a place of judgment of the should of the, you know, you're not doing this, you're not doing that because we've all been on the receiving end of that, right? Where somebody's beaten you down because they've done something and they think you should do something. I can give you a really good example of this because I think there's a big difference of somebody being capable of doing something and somebody not being capable, yet capable as, as a person that is new to personal development.


And, I am talking about myself. I've only known about personal development for just over 10 years. I mean, I've been engaged in therapy for a long time. But I feel like it takes a while to understand that There are certain things that a lot of people have never even thought about or been taught. I mean, I didn't bump into a lot of the topics that I'm talking about right now until I was in my mid forties. For example, I'll give you one. I didn't truly understand trauma when I heard the word trauma. I thought that that was something that that people that served in the military had.


I thought that you had to be on a tour of duty and see absolutely something horrific or be somewhere where there's extreme violence or be the victim of a really violent crime. I did not realize that there's big T trauma and there's little T trauma. I didn't realize that growing up in a household where you experience emotional abuse or you have parents that are distant or mismatched or maybe you experienced a childhood where there was a lot of poverty or there was discrimination. These are all forms of trauma. I had no idea. And so There are people in your life that would love to change, but they can't right now because they don't even understand that they are trapped in some kind of a trauma pattern.


They're not aware of it. There are people in your life that would love to have the level of fitness that you have. I'd love to have the level of discipline that you have, but they're not capable of it right now because they maybe are struggling with depression or maybe they don't have the family structure around them that is supportive that you have, or maybe they didn't have the experiences that you've had in your life that have allowed you to develop the habits that you've had. And so I think it's really important when you start to feel yourself frustrated with other people to check your ego and to ask yourself, well, am I in the lane of wanting someone to better themselves because I care about them?


And, I, see potential in them? Or am I in the other side of this, which is I'm being really judgy? That's where my frustration is coming from. And I'm assuming that somebody's got the resources and the ability and the support and the knowledge and all of the, I don't know, like motivation that you need in order to get started. And so I think it's super important step one, that when you feel that frustration that you check yourself at the door, do I want them to do this because I care about them or am I judging them?


And I think that they should do this. When you get into that lane and you know it, you've gotta take a breath. You gotta recognize that you're coming from superiority, And, I want you to step to the other side because understanding is an act of love. Being compassionate is an act of love. Being tolerant of where somebody is is an act of love. I'm gonna give you an example for my own life. So just this morning Chris yelled at me, that's my husband. And I'm kind of embarrassed to admit what happened because boy oh boy, I will tell you, if Chris heard Lisa's question, he would say, I'm struggling with being more tolerant of my wife Mel.


So here's what happened. Our pop homie is gonna go to a training class and in order to go to this training class on Wednesday, he needs to be up to date on his vaccines, right? No problem. Because when we got him as a puppy, I took him to the vet, he got all of his shots. And, that was great. I'm a responsible pet owner. This is fantastic. Then all of a sudden Chris looks at me this morning and says, why didn't you tell me that home is not up to date with his vaccines? I'm like, what are you talking about? He's missed two veterinarian appointments. He is eight weeks late on getting his vaccinations.


I, I'm laughing 'cause I feel so bad. And I said, well, I I and he, he's like, didn't you make follow-up appointments? I said, yes, yes. Where's his folder? You know that, that, that came with him when we got him as a puppy. I I, I borrowed a sharpie from the vet when I was checking out And I wrote the dates in there. And sure enough we got the folder out and there were the two dates. I never put them in the calendar. Chris took the folder and this is a man who never gets upset. He took that folder, you guys, he slammed it shut.


He slammed it against his desk. He stood up. He didn't even wheel around on his chair, he stood up, the chair rolled away and he said, Mel, don't give me this A DHD shit. I know you have a lot going on, but you have a living and breathing animal that you are supposed to be taken care of. This is not acceptable. You have to do better. And there's the dog barking on Q. Apparently he agrees I can't make this up. Everybody hates me right now. You know, and here's the thing, like I know that Chris wanted to scream, Chris did scream at me.


Just be better And I. Know that I'm now gonna get flooded with comments and emails about this. I'm okay with that. I know I'm gonna get a lot of advice about A DHD. I'm gonna get a lot of you that think I'm a terrible pet owner. I'm cool with that. This is what actually happened this morning. And here's what I had to say to Chris. I want to do better. I don't think I can right now. I am so busy at work. I am terrible with the calendars. I'm actually impressed that I wrote the dates down that they gave to me. I thought I put them in the calendar, Chris, but my brain is dropping balls left and right.


And so the reason why I am telling you this story is I'm not letting myself off the hook. I am motivated to try to figure out how to improve the systems that I have and improve the level of support that I have. 'cause I don't wanna be dropping these balls. Chris doesn't need to get frustrated at me for me to feel like shit about this. Of course I wanna do better. But this is one of those instances where my brain doesn't work like his. I can't just like Chris is Mr. Foundational operations guy. Chris Methodically sits and organizes and can sit still. He's really good with tech and with Excel spreadsheets. I am the opposite. And so the reason why I'm telling you this story is because I guarantee you, you have somebody in your life that, my gosh, you just wanna bang your head against the wall and you can tell yourself if they wanted to, they would.


And that's true for some things. It is true. It's true for whether or not people wanna show up at an event. It's true for whether or not people reach out to you. It's true for whether or not people make an effort. It's true for whether or not people are engaging in healthy habits. If they wanted to, they would. And then There are some times that it's really important in your life in order to manage your own frustration to be a little bit more empathetic. That if they could, they would. And I'll tell you, I am motivated to get the support that I need so that I do not drop balls like this because I want to do better.


And having Chris yell at me, it was actually kind of helpful this morning 'cause it, it just allowed him to be frustrated. It allowed me to see that this really is a big deal because he keeps picking up the slack on my behalf. And that's not a great solution either. And so here's kind of where the takeaway is on that. At the end of the day, it's about managing your energy. And when you allow somebody else's consistent behavior, I'm not talking about stuff where people are breaking the laws or they're addicted to something or you know, something that's super, super destructive. But I've been married to Chris for 26 years. And I have been this forgetful and this bad the entire time we have been together.


This is not new Mel Robbins. I am definitely overwhelmed, but this is standard. I have wanted to change this my whole life and I'm trying man. And a little bit of empathy and support goes a long way because If, you don't give that to the people in your life if you're not more tolerant of the things that they're not capable of. They're just gonna feel demoralized and ashamed. And so yes, if they wanted to, they would. And make sure that if it's a situation where they can't really, or it's really hard for them, that you bring a little bit more empathy because that's gonna help them. We gotta take a quick break.


But when we come back, you And I are gonna jump deeper into Lisa's question and we'll be starting with rule number two.


Daily look is the number one highest rated premium personal styling service for women. A personal stylist curates a box delivered right to your door of 12 premium pieces based on your body shape, preferences, and lifestyle. Receive a box every 30, 60, or 90 days. Keep what you love and return the rest always with free shipping. Get started by taking your style quiz@dailylook.com and get 50% off your first styling fee with code Mel Robbins. That's code Mel Robbins


Summer is heating up and you deserve to feel cool and look cool this summer. So Macy's got your back for all of your summer needs. Big or small. Everything you need you can find at Macy's. Macy's makes summer shopping so easy because they truly carry it all. Whether you need bathing suits, breathable shorts, comfy shoes, or the perfect flowing dress for that wedding, you're going to check out Macy's shop at macy's dot com slash summer hits or in-store


breaking news. The peanut butter group and Chocolatey Corp have merged to create PBC Inc. And the byproduct of the merger is the new delicious Jif peanut butter and chocolate flavored spread. The press is out and get this. Critics tried to say it creates a monopoly on craveability, but obviously, I mean it's not illegal to be irresistible. Calling it now, this will revolutionize the snack industry and the contents of your pantry. Visit pbc incorporated.com to try the flavor merger of the century PB nc,


Welcome back. Remember Lisa, I'm currently struggling with being a more tolerant person. Ooh, we can all relate to her, right? You're just frustrated, you're trying to be more tolerate. But damnit, why can't the people in your life change? That's why I gotta remind you rule number two, you can't make someone else change. And here's the reason why this is so important. When you put energy and you feel that kind of frustration with other people who either won't change or can't change, you're wasting energy. Imagine If, you took all that energy that you're frustrated at other people and you just poured that energy in a positive direction to make your own life better.


So yes, try to be compassionate and understanding, but all of that energy and frustration that you can hear in Lisa, I wanna scream sometimes. I'm sure you do because you're trying to make them change. That's why you're frustrated And. that brings me to the third rule. You gotta stop being mad at people for not being who you want them to be. I will never be a accountant. I will never be somebody who is OCD detail oriented. That's not me. My genius is in being creative. It's in connecting with people. It's, you know, flying by the seat of my pants. And somehow Chris And I have made it work for 26 years.


And I think it has to do with the fact that we are 99% compassionate, understanding, and supportive of one another. And then there's those 1% moments that happen today over me being a dumbass. And of course I feel terrible about it, but I will never be Susie Q with the calendar. That's just not who I'm supposed to be in life. And that's okay. But I can be more responsible about getting the support I need so I don't leave other people in breakdown. And we are gonna get into boundaries 'cause I know you're already gonna, well what do you do Melvin? We will get there. But I wanna address one other aspect of Lisa's question.


And it's this Meeting people where they are in life is so important. I know and understand this, but my patience has tried. When people wallow any advice, Mel, I'm gonna give you a specific tactic for people who wallow. I call this the six month rule. The people in your life get six months to wallow in anything. They have six months to wallow about the divorce. They have six months to wallow about the weight they've put on. They have six months to wallow about the job they lost or the circumstances or the weather or whatever else.


And once the wallowing passes the six month mark, you have a boundary to draw, okay? And this boundary works like a fricking charm because number one, if they don't want to, they're not gonna change. You're just gonna wallow. Number two, you can't make them change. So don't even try. And number three, you gotta stop being mad about this person not being a person that you want them to be. But you can draw a boundary and you wanna hear the boundary. It's the six month rule. I'll give you an example for my own life. So I have a friend that got a divorce after a really like hor. It was like, you know, one of those divorces is just ugly, just ugly, ugly, ugly.


And the divorce was finalized. Okay? This friend of mine, every time I saw her constantly complaining about the X and the this and the that and the other thing and the other thing and the other thing. And finally after six months, I looked at her And. I said, you are no longer allowed to talk about this in front of me. I have recommended therapists. I have been a good friend. I have given you books to read, all of which you have done nothing about. I am no longer available to be a soundboard for your wallowing Because. it is clear to me that you don't wanna do anything about this.


The second that you would like to change this, I am here to support you. I am here to help you. But I am not available for you to stay stuck. I care about you too much. So if you'd like to go complain to somebody else, please do. But you are not allowed to bring this person's name up. You are not allowed to talk about your marriage, your ex marriage, your ex, any of it. I'm not available for that anymore. And an interesting thing will happen. That person will be mortified and they probably won't call you for a while because they're still addicted to their wallowing. You're not trying to change them. Isn't that interesting? You're not trying to change them. You didn't say stop wallowing, you said I'm not available for it.


So you know who changed in that relationship? You did. You changed what you're available for. When you understand and you accept these three truths about people, if they wanted to, they would. Number two, you can't change anybody. And number three, stop being mad at people for not being who you want them to be. You take all the power back. None of this says you can't change. And so when you get frustrated by somebody else complaining, cut off access to the complaining. You're not saying I don't love you, you're actually saying the opposite. You're saying, I love you so much that I'm not gonna be a part of you staying stuck. And as long as I listen to this garbage come outta your mouth, you are gonna be stuck. I'm not here for it. I'm here for your transformation.


I am here for you creating a better life. I'm here for you. Moving on. I'm here for you. No longer giving airtime to this asshole that you're divorced to. I am here for your future. I am no longer here for your past. When your friend is ready to change, guess what? They will because they will want to. And you know, one of the things that I wanna say before we move on to question number two is that I think a lot of us learn that part of a relationship is struggle. You can just hear the tension in Lisa's question. I struggle with accepting others and their bullshit.


I wanna scream sometimes just be better. Well, what if I told you that it doesn't have to be that way. That maybe if you're in relationships that feel like a lot of work, that that's a sign that the relationships that you're in are no longer working for you. And one of the fastest ways to get rid of the struggle is drop the rope. Now What does that mean? So think about tug of war when you are playing a game of tug of war where you're on one side of the rope and you know you got other people on the other side of the rope and you're pulling back and forth and it's a lot effort and pulling, yanking, yanking. You wanna know the best way to win tug of war.


As somebody goes to yank backwards, let go of the rope, they fall on their ass and then you yank the rope back towards you. Who said that's not fair? Of course that's fair. Letting go of the struggle often makes the struggle go away. And so notice that Lisa's question was Mel, I'm struggling to be a more tolerant person. And so the way you become more tolerant is accept those three things about people. If they wanted to, they would. If they could, they would. Number two, you can't make 'em change. Number three, stop being mad at them for not being who you want. And then you've learned some other things. Doesn't mean you can't change. Doesn't mean you can't draw boundaries.


Doesn't mean you can't say you can do all this stuff you want, but don't do it in front of me. I I have another example of that. I have a friend who is dating somebody and she adores him, absolutely adores him and then confessed to me. But you know when he goes out with his guy friends, the gamble and he does coke and I'm not down with it, I'm like, don't tell me, tell him you're not gonna change him. But you can tell him, I got a boundary. Don't you do that around me. That'll make somebody think. 'cause you're following the three rules. You're not trying to change them, but you're very clear about what your values are and what's good for you.


You didn't say don't do that. You said don't do it around me. Big difference that makes somebody stop and think, doesn't it? It's gonna make somebody question, well what am I doing if this person I really care about doesn't want it done around me? Maybe I should start thinking about what I want done around me. I like it 'cause it's sneakier and it's the truth. And it works with these three rules. Okay, so we've covered a lot. I think we should take a quick breath. We should probably hear a word from our sponsors. Don't you think? Because one of the reasons why I love our sponsors is because we are in a relationship. It's a give and take. We can give you this podcast for free because of the support of our sponsors.


So let's take a quick listen and we'll be right back with an incredible question. That's all about what you do when the people around you don't support the changes you're trying to make. We'll be right back.


Weston Hotels and resorts are designed with your wellbeing and mine. Weston's Mattress is so good. They call it the Heavenly Bed. It was developed with sleep scientists, which means you get an amazing night's sleep With more than 200 destinations around the world. Westin Hotels makes it possible to keep up with your wellness routine while traveling with signature amenities and offerings that help you move well, eat well, and sleep well. Westin Hotels makes travel and opportunity to enhance your wellbeing. Look forward to the rest and restorative sleep in Weston's iconic heavenly bed. Find wellness at Weston, one of 30 extraordinary hotel brands in the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio.


If, you notice that a lot of sunscreens that actually work leave a white film on your skin. I mean, you put it on and you suddenly look like an actor and a zombie movie. That's why you need to check out Drunk Elephants. Umbra Mineral Creams. SPF 30. It's a hundred percent mineral sunscreen that provides UVA and UVB protection with no greasy, sticky, white, slick on your skin. Plus it's super soft texture that feels really good on your skin. You're gonna love it. Discover Umbra mineral creams@drunkelephant.com.


Okay, welcome back. I think it's a real wake up call when you start to look at how much you're trying to change other people. We all do it. You know, you want somebody to be healthier. I'm sitting here thinking to myself that I really worry about my brother And I want him to be healthier. He's six foot five. He's a big guy. He's always had a big build. And, I worry because you know the ticker, the heart, it it, it works extra hard when you're a tall guy. And so, you know, I can't make him change. I can love him. I can tell him I'm worried about him, but he's gotta be the one that is motivated to do it.


And one of the things that I did, because you know, I'm guilty of wishing people would change. I'm guilty of being frustrated. You know, I, I've shared with a lot of you that I really miss my parents. We don't live near each other and I'd like them to come visit us here in southern Vermont. They're down in Florida and they don't wanna travel over the holidays. And I have a choice. I can accept them and love them or I can feel frustrated and wanna change 'em. And what is feeling frustrated and wanting to change the people that you love? Do? It just makes you feel frustrated. It makes you feel negative energy when you're trying to change somebody. You're not loving them, you're judging them.


Accepting somebody where they are and offering support in a way that feels loving and supportive. Meet people where they are because trust me, everybody that you know is so damn hard on themselves. if you are worried about their weight, I promise you they're worried about it too. If, you are worried about their drinking unless they're plowed all day long. They're worried about it too. If, you are worried about their finances or their marriage. I guarantee you they are too. And so you adding your worry only increases their tension. Your tension, it just adds on shame and pushes people away. So If, you really want to be closer with people.


Come from connection, come from acceptance, come from love. I'm not saying this from some high and mighty thing. I think you can tell that I struggle with this shit. I am a work in progress like we all are. Which takes me to our next question from a listener named Dan. Now Dan has been applying what he's learning on this podcast. He is so proud. He's really working on himself, he's making positive changes, he's all excited about him. And here he is reflecting on the impact that all of this change has had positive for him, kind of negative for his wife. In doing this work, I was able to see myself grow not only by my daily actions, but also by the way, I started to think one day my wife, And I were chatting in the kitchen.


And she actually said to me to stop acting like I'm on a pedestal, a selfish Mr. Know-it-all which I had no idea I was doing. So this got me thinking perhaps my change was affecting her and for some reason I felt I was at fault. Can you speak specifically to your transition from being a regular parent to being mouth fucking Robbins and how you overcame the family shakeup and what was all happening around that time? Thank you. Woo. Okay, this is a great question. So one thing, first, you know how I went from being just like a normal person to quote Mel Robbins. There was not like some overnight thing that happened. I am who I am today because of the work that I've done over probably a decade.


Like this is not like I won the lottery. And I went from being broke to being a millionaire. This is, I went from being nearly bankrupt and basically a drunk on the verge of divorce in 2008 to meticulously one foot in front of the other, slowly changing, slowly learning about myself. And so my family has had the benefit of seeing a slow, I mean sometimes so tedious evolution. 'cause that's what true change is. It doesn't happen overnight, it happens over time. But what you're talking about is really important for us all to understand.


And this is one of the most common questions that I get. It doesn't matter who you are, what kind of change you're making. The fact is when you make a change, you create ripples that hit other people. Whether you intend to or not. I didn't see this for a long time. I was guilty of being the kind of person that it sounds like you may be. That when you're really excited about something, you become a huge cheerleader. Let's all go gluten-free. Let's all become vegan. Oh, the best thing in the world is keto. Oh, you know what we should do? We should take this seminar.


We should all exercise. We should do this, we should do that. You should become an entrepreneur. And when you do that, it can come off to other people like you think you're better than them now that you've quit smoking or you've quit drinking, or you suddenly don't eat animals 'cause you're a vegetarian. That sounded terrible. Now that makes me wanna be a vegetarian, honestly, when I say it that way. But you know what I'm saying. And so let me explain why that happens. Okay? Number one, everybody, any change you make impacts any relationship you're in because relationships are about energy and relationships are also about overlapping patterns.


And If, you think about that. It's true. The people that you feel closest to in terms of your friend group are people that you click with. It also happens that you probably have a lot of overlapping patterns, whether it's you have patterns of interest that overlap, or you work together in that overlaps. Or you have kids the Same age, And that overlaps. Or you live in the Same neighborhood, And that overlaps. And so it's this energy and this pattern thing. The second you change anything in your life, energy shifts and patterns change. And. that means every relationship's gonna change. That's not anything you can avoid. It's a fact of life. If. you decide that you suddenly wanna launch a side business, all of a sudden you're not going to have time on Saturday nights to hang out with your buddies playing poker.


It's a fact because you're gonna be interested in working on your side business. And as you work on your side business, you're gonna start meeting other people that do the Same kind of business. And because you are interested in that, you're gonna be spending more time with them. Patterns change. I want you to accept that as a fact. It doesn't mean anything's wrong, but let's talk about the issue that you are facing with your wife, okay? Because this is what you need to understand about other people. Your changes do not inspire other people. They confront them. I'm gonna say that again. Your changes do not inspire other people. They confront them.


And I'm gonna give you a famous example from my marriage. I am once again, the jerk in the story. And Chris is the winner. There's no winners. That was me being funny. Chris is the transform one. I'm the jerk. Okay? So a couple years ago, Chris made this decision that he was gonna stop drinking for a while. And I was so excited for him. He had had a major problem with alcohol as the restaurant business was really struggling. It was basically the way that he dealt with his stress. And so when he got out of the restaurant business, he's like, I gotta make major changes.


I gotta stop drinking. I need to get healthy. I gotta figure out who I am and what I wanna do with my life. And so he decided step number one, not drinking. I'm like, yes, I was a yes for about two days. And then by day three, dinnertime rolls around And. I had a habit of loving to open up a bottle of wine while I was cooking. And so day one and day two, I did not do that. I was supportive of my husband's change. And day three, I'm like, me, I think I'm gonna have a glass of wine just 'cause he's not drinking doesn't mean I can't drink And. by the way, Chris was also amazing in that he wasn't like, I'm doing this, you need to do this. He's like, I'm doing this for myself.


So I open up the bottle of wine and I'm cooking and Chris is standing there and the kids are running around. And, I take out the wine glass. And I'm like, look, look, look. And then I say, Hey, would you like to have a glass? And he's like, Nope. Like, you sure? I mean, it's basically just juice. You know? It's not that big of a deal. It's not like you're having some bourbon. He's like, no, I don't want any wine. Mel. Like, come on. And he looks at me kinda like he did this morning actually with the veterinary story. He looks at me very frustrated and he said, Mel, I don't wanna drink. Stop asking me to have a glass of wine.


And I was like, who? You know? 'cause of course when somebody's serious with you, you're like, oh, oh, you know, whew. Told you I was a jerk. And then I said, I'm sorry she, you know, I, I just, I just feel bad 'cause you know, I feel bad having a glass of wine on my own. And then he said something that was a mic drop. He said, If, you are concerned about what's in your glass, then maybe you should figure out your relationship to drinking. Because the fact is Mel, nobody cares what's in your glass but you. And if me putting non-alcoholic seltzer in my glass makes you think about what's in your glass, then you've got some changing to do.


And he's right. And this is my point. If somebody is confronted by your change, it's because your change is making them think about what they're doing or not doing in their own life. Just like Chris's decision to stop drinking made me think about my decision to have a glass of wine while I was cooking dinner every night. And here's the thing, he's right. Nobody gives a shit what's in your glass. But people who get confronted, it's easier for them to attack you or to get you to change your behavior than to take a look in the mirror and change their own.


It's easier for me to question what Chris is doing than to look in the mirror and go, well, should I have a glass of wine? Maybe I don't want a glass of wine. Maybe it's just some dumb habit that I've had for 10 years. And I don't really care about drinking wine. But now Chris is making me think about that and it's a hell of a lot easier for me to question him than for me to question me. There's actually science around this. It's called my side bias. There is so much research about this cognitive bias that's a fancy word for your brain, has certain ways that it thinks that are totally screwed up. Okay? And my side bias is what's called a true blind spot. It doesn't matter how smart you are, it doesn't matter how much money you have, how educated you are.


My side bias impacts absolutely every single one of us. What does that mean? That means once we have an opinion about something, we will argue for our side no matter what. Chris is gonna argue that not drinking is the best thing on the planet. And I'm gonna argue that there's nothing wrong with having a glass of wine. And here's the problem with my side bias. Number one, it prevents you from being open to other ideas, other possibilities. Maybe you don't wanna have a glass of wine when you cook dinner. Maybe you don't wanna be playing poker with your buddies in their garage every Saturday night.


You really would like to get started on that real estate business you've been thinking about for years. But instead we argue for our side In fact at the University of Toronto, there is a doctor, he's also a professor, Dr. Keith Stankovich. He's a psychologist that teaches there. He has done so much research on my side bias. He is considered the scientist, scientist when it comes to the field of cognitive science. And some of the research that I dug up as I was looking at this. 'cause I was curious, why are we so resistant to change? Why is it that when a friend of ours wants to roll out of bed and go to the gym at seven o'clock in the morning, we tend to roll our eyes instead of rolling out of bed with them?


Well, it has to do with this, my side bias, In fact. There's interesting research here, and this is why it's so important for you to do what Chris did, which is don't try to make somebody else change. Don't try to make them have the water instead of the wine. Don't try to make them positive when they're wallowing. Don't try to make them healthy when they're not. Because based on the research, when you give somebody a lecture, which is basically the way that it feels when somebody says, you know, you should lose some weight, you know, maybe you're drinking a little bit, that's a lecture. Only 3% of people change when they feel like the change is being forced upon them 3%.


Those are not great odds. You wanna know better odds when they think it's their idea. 37% of people will change when they believe the idea came from themselves. That is so important because If, you actually would love to see people in your life make positive changes. You have to operate so that they believe the change is their own. So let me go back to the example with Chris. So if Chris had told me that he thinks I have a drinking problem, I would resist that because of the my side bias. I would argue, oh no, I don't, da da da da da da. But when he says, nobody cares what's in your glass but you, and if you're concerned about what's in your glass based on what I'm doing, then you need to think about what you should be doing.


Mel by asking that question and forcing me to think about my own behavior and my own choices, of course, whatever I do next is gonna become my idea because he's forced me to think about what I actually wanna do. So back to Dan. I'm sure Dan, your wife feels judged. So first of all, apologize. If anything that you've done in terms of your enthusiasm made your wife feel less than super simple thing to do, you can certainly invite her to participate with you. But do not tell her to. Do not lecture her about it. Do not force anything on her at all because now you know, only 3% of people ever change when they feel like the change is something somebody else wants them to do or is forcing them to do or is lecturing them about.


So that's takeaway number one. Takeaway number two, you can ask your wife questions. Why does this bother you? What about what I'm doing inspires you? You know, is there anything that you would want me to change? Invite that kind of dialogue and you're gonna open something up because if your wife or your spouse or your partner, your roommate, your friend, whatever, like let's take this broader than Dan's question. If somebody in your life is confronted by the changes that you're making, they're passive aggressive, they roll their eyes. This, this is normal. I want you to stop for a second and let's come back to a little bit of compassion. Your behavior sent a ripple that's making them feel triggered.


And we know it's easier to question you than to question themselves, but trust me, if they're questioning you, they're also questioning themselves. And so remember the three rules, if they wanted to or if they could, they would. Number two, you can't make them change. You can make 'em laugh, you can make 'em think, you can make them feel included, but you can't make them change. And number three, please stop being mad that they're not who you want them to be. They may never be who you want them to be. Loving somebody means loving them where they are and where they're not. It means loving and accepting them for who they are and who they're not.


Now remember, you can have boundaries with her and she can have boundaries with you. Maybe your tone of voice is a little lecture, but she loves hearing about it. She just doesn't want to hear it as if it's a lecture or if she has to participate or if there's something wrong with her for not doing it. Chris, I have to say, handled this like a boss. He actually handled this like a boss in something going on right now. So my husband Chris, has a rock solid morning routine. Every morning when that alarm goes off at 5 45, And I, roll over to my left And I. See that? Chris is already up. He's already up. And Adam.


And when I walk into the kitchen, And I see his gallon jug of water and he is already drunk a quarter of it. And it's only six 15 in the morning. And at 6:30 AM after I've written in my journal and I've had my cup of coffee and I've set my intentions and he is come in from his first workout of the day with our two dogs trailing behind. He doesn't say, you should be doing this, why aren't you ex? Oh, you're up now. No, he's just focused on what's making him happy. And what's interesting is all these changes he's making, it is sending a ripple effect. You know what it's doing?


It's making me go, Hmm, I wonder what would happen if I got up a little bit earlier. It'd be kind of nice to get up with him and take that walk with the dogs outside of it. Hmm, wonder what would happen if I took on this structure. And so the truth is, Chris made a change. It sent ripples through our marriage and our relationship and he never said a damn word about it. The change itself is impacting me and making me think pretty cool how that works, huh? And one more thing, focus on you. Protect your energy. Because when you protect your energy, you create peace in your life.


And. that is something that I want you to protect at all costs. You know, my mission is to empower you, inspire you to be connected to you so that you feel like you wanna do the things that are gonna create a better life. You know, it's my hope that when you listen to this podcast, you think it's your idea to do these things. Like if I do that, we are both winning If. you then share this podcast. Guess what? When your friends and family listen to me, even though it was your idea to send 'em the episode, they're gonna think it was their idea. So I love the feedback that you're giving me that you love sending these episodes to your friends and family.


Because. it is sending the message that you know you can't send and you're not alone. My kids don't listen to me either. If I try to tell Chris what to do, we now know because of the my side bias, they're gonna resist it. But when you listen to a podcast episode, I'm just getting the genius of this. You think it's your idea. I love that. And you know what? It is your idea. Because at the end of the day, you are the one who's responsible for your happiness and for creating the life that really lights you up. And when you bring more understanding and compassion to your relationships, and you stop being mad at people because they can't do what you need 'em to do, trust me, you will be a happier person.


Life will get easier, huh? So thank you for being here. I love you. In case nobody tells you that because your changes are pissing them off right now. That's all right. Just smile at 'em, love 'em up, and know that your friend, Mel. Robbins loves you. And. I believe in you. And. I. Believe in your ability to focus on yourself and do the work to create a better life. Alright? I'll talk to you in a few days trying to, this might not be the best thing to record in since I'm literally rocking and rolling all over the place, okay?


Okay. Great. Here we go. Hey, it's your friend Mel. Welcome to the Mel. Robbins. Hey, it's your friend Mel. Have you ever had someone in your life that you really wish would just change? Did we lose trace? Okay. Is that good? Yes. Okay, good. Good job, everybody. Oh, and one more thing. And no, this is not a blooper. This is the legal language. You know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you. This podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes.


I'm just your friend. I am not a licensed therapist, and this podcast is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician, professional coach, psychotherapist, or other qualified professional. Got it. Good. I'll see you in the next episode. Stitcher.


You know, over the weekend I was sitting on the screen and porch writing my next book at a folding card table. And I turned to my husband, Chris And. I was like, dude, we have got to order a table for out here on the porch. But you wanna know what's frustrating When you finally realize you need a piece of furniture. Like right now, you realize most places take 12 to 14 weeks to get it to you. I don't have that kind of time. And neither do you enter our new sponsor. All modern. All modern brings you the best modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks. From outdoor furniture to beds, to lighting to rugs, whatever furniture you need, you can get it in days delivered for free. And every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Get your sofa ASAP from all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space that's modern made. Simple. I gotta go 'cause I got a new table I need to order. Shop online at AllModern dot com and visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. So choose Toyota and enjoy the confidence that your vehicle will retain its value. And check out the legendary redesigned Land Cruiser, spacious Grand Highlander, or Adventure Ready RAV4. Find out more@buyatoyota.com. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.