
Hey, it's your friend Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. You know, the other day I was standing in the grocery store staring at the pickles, and it occurred to me, You know, Mel, you haven't changed the way you grocery shopped in probably five years. I move through the grocery store the exact same way. Every time I walk in the door, I buy the exact same things. I bet you're the same way. I mean, have you ever stopped to think about it? Just imagine if I were to put a tracker on you. I know that would be kind of creepy, but let's just say that I was gonna put a tracker on you. I bet if we mapped you going into the grocery store about a dozen times, you would walk the aisles the exact same way every time you go, you would stop at the exact same spots every time.


Well, today, you and I are gonna learn that there is a much better way to grocery shop a way that's gonna lower your stress, a way that will make you healthier. I mean, this is gonna blow your mind because you are going to learn it from a Harvard medical doctor. I mean, how cool is that? We're going to the grocery store with Harvard, Harvard medical doctor, but that's not all Harvard's Doctor Aditi neuro car, one of the world's leading experts on stress. She is back. You loved her the first time she was on the Mel Robbins Podcast. She is back with eight proven and very simple hacks on everything from how you and I can grocery shop better to one change that she makes all of her patience do whenever they're on a zoom call, it immediately is gonna lower your stress.


She's also here to teach you about the life-changing impact of something called a fake commute. I don't even know what that is, But I want one, and you're gonna want one too. And she's also gonna explain that there is this habit that's related to your bottom. Yep. You know the thing that you're probably sitting on Right now, if you're listening to me, if you're in your car or you're at work, there is this particular habit that you have that's related to your rear end. It is slowly killing you. Wait till you hear this research and what you need to do about it. And that's just the tip of the iceberg on the things that you are going to learn today. And more importantly, what I love about this conversation is that these are simple changes that you're gonna be so inspired to make in your day-to-day life.


They're gonna lower your stress, amplify your happiness, and make you healthier. And it's all so easy. And Dr. Aditi, what I love about her is she makes you feel smart and it's also fun. So are you ready to learn about a fake commute, what you need to do with your rear end? I know I am. So let's do this.


Holiday shopping can be overwhelming, but Macy's gift Guide makes it so easy to get everything you need for the holidays, all in one place with handpicked gifts for everyone on your list. And you can easily shop by price or category from Ugg slippers, Dior makeup, and LA pots, to diamond earrings, board games, and so much more. Take the guessing out of the gifting this year and lean on Macy's To help you find the perfect gift for your loved ones, visit macy's dot com slash gift guide.


You know, this time of year is all about connection and there's no better way to connect with someone than by learning their language. Rosetta Stone has been the most trusted language learning program for over 30 years. And I know why. This past summer I used Rosetta Stone to help me learn a little Greek before I went to Greece. And now I'm diving into German. Why? Because it's on my bucket list. And when I get there, I wanna make sure I can say Donka when somebody opens up the door. Rosetta Stone makes it easy and fun. Start learning today with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership holiday special. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash Mel for unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Available for a short time at Rosetta Stone dot com slash Mel.


Hey, it's your buddy Mel, and I am so glad that you showed up today. I'm so excited. It is always an honor to spend some time together and I just wanna acknowledge you for choosing to listen to something that can help you create a better life. That is so cool. And if you're a new listener, welcome to the Mel Robbins Podcast family. I am personally so glad that you're here. Alright, can you tell I'm fired up today? I am fired up because you and I are learning eight simple things that are so easy and they will immediately improve your life like a little boop. You know, boop, I love those kind of changes 'cause you can feel it immediately. It's not that difficult. You can make it work in a normal person's life. And you can probably hear in my voice, I'm smiling ear to ear because I cannot wait for you to hear these very easy.


And You know, if I'm being honest with you, and I'm always honest with you, kind of sneaky, these are kind of sneaky little changes, but they're 100% proven hacks and you're gonna be able to do 'em today, and it's gonna lead to a healthier and happier life day to day. And they all come from Harvard's stress. Doctor, Dr. Aditi Kar, who was one of your absolute favorite experts who's appeared on the Mel Robbins Podcast today. She's back and she's gonna share exactly how to shop for groceries. She's gonna teach you one trick that you need for every single zoom call or Microsoft teams call, or Google circles, whatever you're using these days, this trick will immediately lower your stress.


She's gonna share surprising research around sitting and how sitting on your bum all day, it is slowly killing you. And more importantly, what she recommends as a medical doctor to do about it. She's also gonna teach you why you need a fake commute. She's gonna talk about exactly how little exercise you need. And guess what? It's less than you think. What supplements she recommends to her patients and so much more. So If you wanna feel calm, If you want more health and vibrancy and energy and happiness in your life, If you love clear science backed information that a normal person like you and me can use to help you and your family and friends get healthier and happier, you are in exactly the right place.


Congratulations, you are winning today. You selected the right way to spend your time. Dr. Aditi, let me tell you about her. I love her. She is a Harvard medical doctor, a researcher, and a world renowned expert in stress and public health. She's a lecturer at Harvard Medical School and was the medical director of Harvard Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital's integrative medicine program. That is a mouthful. Holy cow. And lemme tell you what she did there. She developed an enormous clinical practice in stress management using evidence based integrative approaches to help her patients feel better. And that's what she's here today to do with you. Evidence-based integrative approaches.


Let me translate that easy, simple, proven advice that makes you feel better, calmer, and healthier the second you use it. So are you ready? I am. Let's go. Dr. Aditi, welcome back to the Mel Robbins Podcast. It's such a pleasure to be here, Mel. I'm thrilled you're back. And today you are here to share your best hacks to be healthier and decrease stress. And I just wanna jump right in. Take us to the grocery store. How does a Harvard doctor shop? What are the best foods to buy? Let's hear your secrets. A simple thing I tell my patients is to walk the perimeter of the grocery store. So as you go into your grocery store to figure out what am I supposed to eat to heal or to strengthen or protect my gut brain connection, just go on the perimeter.


You have fruits and vegetables, that's really important for a strong gut brain connection. You can go into the dairy section for fermented foods like yogurt, kombucha, kefi, there's so many fermented foods that are there, whole grains, and then lean proteins you can follow also a Mediterranean diet. And that word is kind of deceptive because it's not really a diet, it's a way of life. Hmm. The Mediterranean diet is sort of the gold standard in terms of the way of eating. It's been used in all of the countries in the Mediterranean for eons, for centuries. And now it's slowly making its way here to the us. So focusing on a plant-based diet, eating lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, minimally processed foods, whole grains, beans, nuts, oils like olive oils and minimizing dairy and red meat.


And Most importantly here in the us, the reason I mentioned the periphery and the perimeter of the grocery store, because here in the US and likely in other countries as well, when you go into a grocery store, the perimeter is where you have the produce, the dairy grains and meats. And in the center, all of those aisles are processed foods. Many of them are ultra processed foods, especially here in the us. And so you want to minimize your consumption 80 20 rule. This is not about becoming a monk and leading in existence where you are not engaging with food. Because food is pleasure and it is important. And especially when you're feeling a lot of stress, eat a little chocolate cake. It's good for you, it's good for your soul. I certainly don't refrain, but it's about when you create a habit and when you have that habit of a slice of chocolate cake, I talk about this in the book with one of my patients, A slice of chocolate cake every single night at 11 o'clock.


And then it starts affecting your, You know, your cholesterol and all of these other things. And then you're saying, okay, wait a second, I gotta get a handle of this. And it can be a slippery slope. So really trying to focus, be practical in what you eat. It doesn't have to be this huge lifestyle overhaul a little bit can go a long way. So If you can make some simple swaps, You know, like put a few forks fulls of sauerkraut in your sandwich today when you're having lunch or at night, You know, have a little bit of extra help, extra helping of vegetables, simple daily things can make a big difference in the long run. And it then what this does is when you have prebiotics, probiotics is sort of Mediterranean diet. It doesn't have to be all day every day, but If you can start slowly incorporating a little bit at a time, it strengthens your microbiome.


Wow, that is super cool. So as a Harvard trained medical doctor, when somebody comes into your practice, do you advise them to take supplements to improve their gut? Every day people would come in with bags of supplements and say, what should I take Dr. Ncar? What's gonna help me? What's not gonna help me? My standard line for every single patient who came in, I would look at all of their medications, I would write them on the medical record. To me, very much taking a supplement is like taking a medication, right? Right. And so my approach is always to strengthen and give people a sense of empowerment to heal themselves from inside out.


And so that's not to say I wanna, You know, I don't want that to be taken out of context. I very much am a part of the medical system. I believe deeply in the conventional medical system in medications to treat conditions. But I mean, when people say, what supplements should I take for my stress and my burnout? I say try, You know, 'cause I've had patients come in saying, I sleep four hours a day. Can you tell me the best supplement to take to take to manage my stress and burnout? I drink, You know, four cups of coffee a day, sometimes seven or eight cups of coffee a day. I sleep four hours a day. I'm just powering through what's the best supplement to take. My answer is that sleep is a therapeutic intervention. Let's focus on your sleep. Let's decrease your caffeine intake. Let's get you moving a little bit.


These are the supplements that I want to really instill in people rather than popping a pill. I love that answer. And You know what else I'm, I'm thinking about is the fact that, You know, we kind of just roll our eyes or we don't when, when you hear the advice, right? Just get better sleep shop the perimeter of the grocery store. Like these small interventions, right? It's easy to dismiss this because you think that the stress is so big or your problems are so big that there's no way that something so little would actually impact something so big.


And I have always found in life that the bigger the problem and the bigger the issue, the smaller the solution. Yeah, I would say parent yourself back to a better state of health. You know that when, If you are a parent listening or If you think about how your own parents were, maybe that's not the best example because you might not have had great parents, but You know what it means to be a good parent, right? Like a good bedtime, protecting sleep, minimizing screen time, eating good food, a little bit of exercise every day. There are things that we tell our children all the time. If you don't have kids, you have nephews and nieces, there are things that You know will help them. Of course, the adult brain is different than a child, the child's brain, but the adult brain is developing as well because of the principles of neuroplasticity.


Your brain is a muscle and it responds to external stimulation and external influences. Even today, I've had patients who have been 80 years old and made behavior change, and that has made all the difference in their stress and burnout. So these small little things actively influence the brain because of neuroplasticity and can change and rewire your brain for less stress. I Love it. Dr. Aditi, what's the surprising connection between sitting and stress? As you may have heard in pop culture, sitting is the new smoking. The science shows that sitting, it's not just that exercise is good for you and moving is good for you, for your stress, anxiety, burnout.


It's that sitting is actually bad for you and it can increase your sense of anxiety, stress, and burnout. Wow. Maybe we should have ordered standing desks around here. I wanted to share a couple of pretty alarming statistics about sitting. There was a study of 800 people and the ones who sat the most. This is like knock your socks off data. The people who sat the most had 112% higher risk of diabetes, 147% higher risk of heart disease, a 90% higher risk of death from heart disease and a 50% higher risk from death overall.


All to say that sitting is actually bad for our health are wellbeing. And as it turns out, your stress and burnout, How does sitting trigger stress? The mechanisms of action aren't entirely clear, but the data suggests that when you are sitting for prolonged length of time, you're stewing in your own emotions, so to speak. And so getting up and moving creates a whole cascade of positive biological changes to your brain and your body. And when you're sitting for long periods of time, if that doesn't happen, it's detrimental to your cardiovascular health to just sit.


Because a body is meant to move. Your body is the greatest machine. And so use that machine to do what it's meant to do. It doesn't have to be, You know, you don't have to be become an Olympian, but certainly getting up and moving a little bit every day, even if it means five minutes between your zoom meetings, get up, take a walk, stretch. Because think about it, you sit all day at work and then you sit in a car going back home, and then you sit on your sofa all day. The human body hasn't been designed to just sit all day. We are meant to move and move our bodies. You know, As a doctor, what do you recommend? My watch has that standup thing. I love it. I, and I don't realize how, how much time will go by and it's like, oh, I haven't stood in two hours.


Holy cow. I love that. I would say there isn't necessarily a prescription, like a dose relationship for sitting and when to stand up and what's the dose of standing and sitting? Just do it when you can. You have a two hour meeting, can't stand up right after that two hour meeting. Instead of sitting on your Slack channel and responding to emails or doing all of those things, get up and walk around. There is something to be said, right? Like Plato, Aristotle, all of these greats talked about the benefit of a walk, that mental health benefit of taking a walk. And so it doesn't have to be this long, profound walk. Just get up and stretch your body, do some gentle stretching, some exercising. Connect your breath to your movement, to your posture. This is really important because that's like a way to tap into your mind body connection as well.


Dr. Aditi, I had another question that came to mind. How can you use your commute or time that you're spending carpooling as a moment for reset? 85% of employees Right now favor hybrid work. I am a hybrid worker, as are you. As there are many people in on your team. There are so many benefits of hybrid work, increased autonomy, greater productivity, and less stress and burnout as it turns out. However, our commute back in the day when we all used to commute to and from the office, it served two important roles. The first was geographic getting you from point A to point B. The second more important was psychological. It got you out of home mode and into work mode.


Think about when you're working from home, what you do. You set up your laptop often on your kitchen table because many people don't have an office, right? So you set up your laptop, you do all of your morning stuff to get the kids ready or to get yourself ready or get your dog or pets or spouse or partners. And then you just sit down on your laptop and you start your day. Or you sometimes just get outta bed. Hopefully you're doing the five Second Rule. You get outta bed, brush your teeth, put on some clothes, sit down at your laptop. Your brain loves compartments. That is why in 2020 when we were parenting, living and working in the same space, it was very difficult for us to function because your brain needs compartments. Hmm. When you are giving yourself no time to transition from home mode in your bed asleep to work mode on your laptop, your brain can't adjust as well.


So what you can do is you fake your commute, especially if you're working from home. It can, again, five minutes, two minutes, if that's all you have. Get your laptop, your workstation set up. Maybe you have a desktop. Get your workstation set up at your home. Yeah, maybe it's the kitchen table. Put on your clothes that you're wearing for the day. Get out of your pajamas, head outside, take a small walk, go grab a cup of coffee, look at your to-do list, look at your schedule and your meetings. What do you have planned for that day? Take a few minutes to just map out the day, come back into your workstation, your quote unquote office and start the day. Why does that work? It works because it honors your need for brain compartmentalization because your brain needs time and space to transition.


We are multidimensional creatures, humans, and we have many roles that we fulfill and we have to honor all of those roles and each of those roles. And it, this fake commute allows us to honor all of those roles, but also honor ourselves in the process. And it gives you time and space to transition out of home mode and into work mode. And it's that buffer and reset you need. And if you can try to bookend it so at the end of your day, instead of finishing up that last meeting and rushing to daycare or rushing to get dinner ready, You know, a lot of times what we're doing throughout the day when we're working from home, we'll say like, oh, I'm gonna do the laundry and I'm gonna do this at the same time, and I'm gonna do that at the same time because I'm home.


I well unload the dishwasher or load the dishwasher. Yeah. Instead, when you create that fake commute bookend it day and evening, it creates a little bit more structure and it gives your brain a reset That is brilliant and it makes so much sense. Like I sit here and I'm thinking, but I'm trying to cram it all in and I get my exercise in, and now I'm running late, my first zoom meeting. So I'm just gonna leave my exercise clothes on and pull my hair up in a ponytail and then I never actually pull outta that mode. And so this, based on how you explained it and the science and what your brain needs, seems like the perfect solution. Again, free anybody can do it. It'll take you two minutes and it will help you manage your stress.


I love this. I am so grateful that you canceled everything on your calendar in order to be here with me and the person listening today. So thank you. I already know the first person I'm sending this to. And as we take a quick pause so we can hear a word from our sponsors, which allow me to bring this information to you at zero cost, please take a moment and share this episode with somebody who you would love to see feeling less stress. Because the information that we've already covered and all that is to come will help them feel better. And it's something simple that you could do. Okay? Alrighty. We'll be waiting for you after a short break. Stay with us.


Hey, it's your friend Mel. And I know even I have my own ads, I'm a sponsor of my own show. How cool is that? Talk about cheering for yourself. But I love you And I love the time that we spend together and I just wanna thank you. And so I have a free gift for you simply because you listen to the Mel Robbins Podcast. What is the gift? Well, it is a 20 page workbook that I designed using science, and it's gonna help you answer one of the most important questions that you could ever ask yourself. What do I really want? Like I know you're busy taking care of everybody else, but what about you? Take the time to put yourself first. Just go to Mel Robbins dot com slash what?


WHAT. And you can get your hands on this puppy in less than a minute, and you will be one step closer to answering the question, what do I really want? And once You know what you really want, nothing's gonna stop you from getting it.


Oh, I'm so excited to tell you about one of our sponsors Aura Frames. I love them. Why? Because like me, you probably took a million photos this year. Oakley graduated from high school. Chris and I went on this unforgettable vacation together. Our family climbed Mount Kain. Where are the photos? Normally they'd be on my phone, but not anymore. Why? I have an Aura Digital photo frame. It sits on my kitchen counter. I gave one to my parents, it's on their kitchen counter. I gave it to Kendall who lives in la Oakley up in his dorm room. Or is a digital frame that looks and feels like a normal picture frame. But check this out, you just send photos to it and all of a sudden your photos are right there everywhere and it updates all the time. And your family can update it. I freaking love it. It's the best gift to give yourself. It's the best gift to give to everyone else. And for a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using the code Mel at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code. Mel, this exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't you dare miss out terms and conditions apply.


You know, one thing you may not know about me is I love giving gifts and I love giving gifts that scream luxury, but secretly they're really affordable. The kind of gifts that somebody would never buy for themselves. 14 carat gold jewelry, beautiful Italian leather totes, gorgeous soft cashmere sweaters for men, women, kids. You can find everything. Wear Quince. It's the online store for quality, luxurious gifts for people that you love that are affordable for you. I love the sweaters at Quince. I never wanna take 'em off. And yeah, you're gonna love Quince so much because everything's priced 50 to 80% less than similar luxury brands. You're gonna find yourself treating yourself too. Gift luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to quince.com/ Mel for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's QUIN com slash Mel to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Mel.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp for me. December's all about cozy nights at home. I'm talking soft blankets, hot tea sinking into the couch with my family nearby and the fireplace roaring. There's something about that kind of comfort that just feels so good, isn't there? But you wanna know what? Comfort doesn't have to be something you only feel for a month. And if I'm being honest, the best gift I've ever given myself is the kind of comfort that comes from working on myself, especially through therapy. It's a way to keep that cozy, grounded, wrapped up in a blanket feeling all year long, no matter what life throws your way. So if you've been thinking about starting therapy, check out BetterHelp. It's a super easy way to get started. You just take a quick questionnaire to match you with a licensed therapist and it's all online. You can switch therapists anytime without any extra charges so you can find the right person for you. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Mel Robbins today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Mel Robbins,


welcome back. It's your friend Mel, and I'm here with the amazing Dr. Aditi. And let's just jump right back into it. So Dr. Aditi, I'm curious, since you were talking about hybrid, what's your recommendation about video calls and stress? Like if there any research or anything that you teach audiences when you're talking about like how to be on a zoom, and I ask that because I've seen lots of recommendations about turning your camera off, and so I just wondered If you had anything specific. It is a real entity. So in during the pandemic particularly, there was an entity called Zoom dysmorphia.


We don't ever look at ourselves that much during the day, right? And so when you are on a Zoom, you are looking at yourself. And so there was this uptick of people who were not feeling very good about how they appeared and how they looked because they kept looking at their faces. If it makes sense for you, shut off your camera If you can. If you need to be on, be on my rule of thumb Right now, is that like just showing up is enough? You're on audio, great, you're present. Great. I don't do anything else when I'm on the call, But I will often say, Hey, do you mind if I'm just gonna shut off my camera? And I cannot tell you I am met with such enthusiasm. Do you mind if I shut mine off too? No, let's just have a conversation.


Or do you wanna just talk on the phone? That would be great. So people welcome that we all have zoom fatigue. It's a real entity. It's not like laughable like, oh, you don't have zoom fatigue. Of course you do. Your brain is not wired to look at yourself all day every day. There's something very unnatural about that. So it has been shown to have ramifications, You know, mental health ramifications in terms of how you look. But If you wanna shut off your camera and you feel more empowered and you feel like you'll get your work done better or you'll engage better by shutting it off, shut it off. More power to, you Got it. As a Harvard doctor, what's the secret to multitasking? So in that day of working from home, you do the fake commute morning. Hopefully you do it in the evening, but maybe you just do it once a day. Morning is more important than the evening.


And in the day, If you are feeling like you are multitasking or during your work day, you are multitasking. It's the way of the modern world. You have your slack channel going, you have emails, you're doing your meetings. The thing about multitasking is even though we think is it is a badge of honor, and You know, we pride ourselves on being multitaskers, right? Like everyone listening, you probably think you are an excellent multitasker. A hundred percent of us think that we are excellent multitaskers. The truth is, only 2% of human brains can effectively multitask. Multitasking is a scientific myth, it is a misnomer. There is no such thing when you are multitasking, what you are effectively doing is task switching, doing two separate tasks in rapid secession.


And your brain is wired to do one thing at a time. The thing with multitasking is that it weakens your memory, your cognition. It decreases your productivity. Ironically, it also weakens your ability to solve complex problems by weakening your prefrontal cortex. We talked about that area that is very important for our brain and for adulting, right? We cannot afford to multitask. The world is filled with complex problems that urgently needs solving. So the antidote to multitasking is monotasking. Monotasking is doing one thing at a time. Now everyone will say, people say this to me all the time. I mean, come on. It's like totally unrealistic.


Like I can't even bring that science into my life. Monotasking like non-starter. You can bring in the science of monotasking by practicing something called time blocking. You've talked about it before as well. Let's say you have four work tasks to do in an hour. Instead of completing them all at once, spend five or 10 minutes on one task, then take a short break, then the second task, 5, 10, 15 minutes If you can take a short break. So by the end of that hour, you have made headway on all four different tasks, but you have not weakened your prefrontal cortex in the meantime. The other important thing to note is that those brain breaks. We talked about the breaks, instead of mindlessly scrolling, what do you wanna do in those short breaks? Go for a walk, stretch, try some of the breathing exercises.


Be mindful and present during the breaks. In fact, a very fascinating study recently showed they compare the brain scans of two groups of people and found that one group that took no breaks and they looked at their stress at the end. And then a group which showed, took incremental 10 minute breaks. And the group that took breaks at the end of the day had decreased stress, better cognitive function, memory, attention, and more engagement. And they, the researchers themselves, they didn't read the five resets, but they certainly used the language. They said these short breaks were a reset for the brain from cumulative stress. So If you think, oh my God, what's a 10 minute break gonna even do for me? Like I am so up a creek Right now with my stress and burnout. Try it.


The science shows that taking these short breaks can help reset your stress. It gets you into that goldilock zone of productivity. It helps you with multitasking and gets your prefrontal cortex feeling strong again. It's all kind of connected, Mel, You know, at the end of the day, it's all just one connected piece of tapestry here. I just love everything that you're teaching us today. As a doctor at Harvard, what do you do for exercise and movement? 25 years ago, I was a stressed patient looking for answers. And that is why that was, that's my villain origin story of how I became a doctor with an expertise in stress is because I was a stress patient looking for answers.


I found my way out of the stress struggle, put on my scientists hat. I had gone to see a doctor and my doctor had said, You know, go get a massage and just relax. Just try to relax more. So I was like, okay, I'll get a massage, I'll have dinner with friends, I'll go retail therapy, all the things that didn't work. And so when I put on my scientist hat and I started looking and doing the research is when I really found out, okay, this is how stress impacts the brain and the body, and this is how I'm going to find my way out of stress movement was one. And then when I came out of that, I said I wanted to be the doctor that I needed during that difficult time. So that's my origin story. I mentioned that because movement was not something I did every single day. I was working 80 hours a week and I don't know, I was running from one patient room to the other.


I thought that was movement enough. And so what I did during that time, I was acutely stressed. I was so depleted and running on fme smell. I was erratic in my food intake, my sleep, seeing death and dying on a daily basis. Self-care and burnout or even stressed was not in my lexicon. It was not in my vocabulary. When I was training in my medical training, my motto, how I was trained was pressure makes diamonds. Someone sat a whole group of medical students down in our first year or second year of medical training and said, I just want you guys to know where you're about to go through pressure makes diamonds. So I was like, Hey, diamond in the making, bring it on. And then my diamond cracked.


So when I discovered all of the science around why movement is important and exercise is like E, the dreaded E word, no one likes to talk about it. So I, we can talk about movement, we can talk about exercise. That to answer your question, it has changed. When I was a stressed patient or a medical resident working 80 hours a week and I had was running on fumes and so depleted, I focused on gentle therapeutic movement. So I went to a yoga class several times a week. So just to say that doctors are socialized to play small, we don't share our own personal stories because we focus on the patient. So writing the five resets and sharing my personal story, I have to tell you, Mel, I might start crying, but you were an inspiration for sharing that story because you share so much of your own personal stuff to help people.


And I knew that the only way that people would relate to me is if I told them the truth and not I'm just doing this for my patients. It's because no, I was a patient. I struggled with my stress and burnout and that's when I became the doctor I needed during that difficult time. And so your story and your example was like a leading sort of like a, a light that really a lighthouse that guided me. Well, I'm thrilled that you shared your story because you clearly are the doctor we all need. Thank you. And so during that really difficult time, I focused on a couple of days a week of yoga, gentle stretching, nothing much, and a few walks. So I used to walk every single day, even if it's five or 10 minutes, again, you might say, what's a walk gonna do?


It's gonna do nothing. Because it's not about the promise of physical fitness. This is the promise of mental fitness. Hmm. And so a little bit of a daily walk, and the reason I walk every single day when I was a stressed patient and why I suggest when people are feeling that acute sense of stress to walk every single day is because it avoids decision fatigue. If you say to yourself when you're deeply stressed, I'm going to go to the gym three times a week for an hour long class. Okay, then Monday rolls around, a deadline comes up at work, you don't go Tuesday, there's a family obligation or a conflict. You don't go Wednesday, same thing. And by Friday you might have gone zero or one time your sense of self-efficacy goes down. You're like, Ugh, I can't get anything.


Right. Why bother at all? Instead, aim to do something a little bit every day at avoids decision fatigue. Now, to answer your question, it's changed. So initially I started my, I was a sedentary person. I didn't really exercise much. I was into dancing as a child, but not sports. Now I understand the value of sports for so many reasons. Gentle yoga and walks every day, 10 minute walk that was like, yes, I walk check. This is not about like walking five miles a day, Dr. Aditi, I know I've said it before, But I just love all of the wisdom and the science and the tips that we can put to use immediately. There are so many people that I'm gonna share this with. And as you're listening, please share this episode because it will really make a difference in someone else's life.


And it's a simple way to say, I really care about you. And you can send them Doctor Aditi to help. Alrighty, we're gonna take a quick pause here, a word from our sponsors. We'll be waiting for you with more tips, more wisdom, more science after a short break. Stay with us


every holiday season starts with the best intentions. Bake the homemade pie, get all your holiday shopping done early, but then life gets in the way. Don't feel bad happens to everybody. Luckily you've got DoorDash, like your secret holiday helper. DoorDash has you covered on gifts, groceries and dinner for tonight? DoorDash makes it so easy. You may even feel a little guilty, but hey, no one needs to know that your pie was really store bought or that that thoughtful gift arrived just minutes before your guest did. And now through the 24th, DoorDash has big deals running for the holidays from Best Buy, Ulta Beauty, Wingstop, Aldi, and More Save money and the holidays. All with DoorDash. Whether you tell people is up to you, DoorDash your door to more use code, Mel Joy, 24 for 50% off your first order. Max $10 off orders of $15 or more. Offer ends December 26th, 2024. One promo per order. Not valid for orders containing alcohol terms apply.


Oh, I'm so excited to tell you about one of our sponsors. Aura Frames. I love them. Why? Because like me, you probably took a million photos this year. Oakley graduated from high school. Chris and I went on this unforgettable vacation together. Our family climbed Mount Kadin. Where are the photos? Normally they'd be on my phone, but not anymore. Why? I have an Aura Digital photo frame. It sits on my kitchen counter. I gave one to my parents, it's on their kitchen counter. I gave it to Kendall who lives in la Oakley up in his dorm room. Or is a digital frame that looks and feels like a normal picture frame. But check this out, you just send photos to it and all of a sudden your photos are right there everywhere and it updates all the time. And your family can update it. I freaking love it. It's the best gift to give yourself. It's the best gift to give to everyone else. And for a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off Aura's best selling Carver mat frames by using the code Mel at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code. Mel, this exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't you dare miss out terms and conditions apply.


Is it just me or does all this rushing that happens during the holiday season really wear you out? I mean, from planning and prepping meals to finding the perfect gift for everyone on your list to decorating, wrapping, holy cow, just listing all those things makes me feel tired. Sleep is everything. Mattress Firm gets it. That's why they're all about helping you find the perfect mattress. You can finally get your best rest. And here's the best part. They offer free fast delivery straight to your door so you don't have to wait to get better sleep. Plus, with their 120 night sleep trial, it's completely risk-free. Love your new mattress or they're gonna give you your money back. So why not start the New year feeling refreshed and recharged? Check out Mattress firm premium selection of top mattress brands. In fact, it's a great present to give to yourself. Get matched at mattress firm's semi-annual sale and clearance and sleep at night. Text Mel to 7 6 6 6 9 3. That's 76, 66 93 for a hundred dollars off your next purchase at mattress firm. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Welcome back. It's your friend Mel. I'm so glad you're still here because we are learning so much from Harvard's, Dr. Aditi. Now, Dr. Aditi, everybody. Because the person listening is like, okay, how long, what do I do? And it's just 10 minutes. Just 10 minutes, five Minutes is fine too. If you can do 20 minutes of a walk every single day, great. It's the equivalent of a Facebook scroll. Seriously, we all scroll. That's true. Or Instagram or choose your, choose your poison. It's the sa, it's the equivalent of a scroll. Opt out of a scroll and go for a walk. Instead, do it in between your meetings If you can five, 10 minutes every single day. It's that inertia that you're, You know, sometimes it feels like you're wading through molasses when you're feeling stressed of like lacing up your sneakers and going outside.


And if you say, oh, I'm gonna do this for 45 minutes, forget it. You're never doing it. But If you say, oh five minutes, I can do that. It's about closing that gap between where you are and where you'd like to be. And so five minutes. So then now what I do, because I am of a certain age, I focus on resistance training. I probably, I, I aim to exercise 30 minutes every single day. Does that happen every single day? No. But I probably get in four to five days of exercise and that includes walking. Or if I do a 40 minute walk one day, I won't do resistance training, But I do some form of movement every day. So now I focus on resistance training and balance. Because for me, I've always, I've been very into fitness over the past several decades as you have, and endurance flexibility and strength, right?


Those were my three things that I was like, okay, that's what I'm gonna be focusing on. But I realized I got on a balance board like two months ago and I was like, falling off was crazy. And I'm like, what happened to my core strength? I thought it was great. It was comical. And so every day I get on that little board, I have one, it's a wooden board. I stand on it when I'm taking a work call, when I'm taking a meeting and I just incorporate it into my day because it's hard to exercise when you are feeling a sense of stress. Lacing up those sneakers and doing something and moving your body feels like wading through molasses. And you have to make it easy, easier than you even think. You have to say, what is this even gonna do? Fine, I'll do it anyway. A lot of the way I describe it to patients, I really focused on behavior change and the psychology of habit formation.


When you're talking about how to get people to engage in positive behaviors, you are a master of this. It is about making things small and tangible and decreasing the barriers to, yeah, making the, taking that step. Yeah. So fine. You don't wanna put on your sneakers, take a walk up and down your hallway in your house. There was a study that was done that ultra short bursts of activity one to two minutes. So walking up a set of stairs or going to, You know, parking far away when you're going to the grocery store, we all look for parking really close to the entrance park far away. Take a walk up to the grocery store, run for the bus or walk quickly to go get the bus or the subway. These short, they're called ultra short bursts of activity can decrease your risk of dying from cancer by 40%.


Wow. You heard the doctor get your walk on every day, 10 minutes. That's all she's saying. And it's gonna lower your stress. Another thing you can do as you're walking to like get out of your head and into your body is meditation. I hated to meditate at the time. It was so foreign into me. So what I did is movement meditation. I would walk for five minutes or 10 minutes every single day. It was like part of my day. I would park my car after a 30 hour shift and instead of walking directly into my building in Philadelphia, I would take the long way, the scenic route and I would time myself. I did it first. It was, I did two minutes. It felt good. I was like, oh, that feels good. I'm gonna do it again for a little longer. So every day it built up and up and you focus on your feet on the floor. As you're walking, your feet have 30 bones and a hundred muscles as you are walking, it's a grounding force.


And so you walk, you breathe, you think about your day. And over time that walk could increase. You can also say, oh, I now have that sense of daily movement. I've made it into a habit. Then you can add your gym sessions. No one has ever the, the thing that bothers me about exercise so much at the fitness industry, while I love fitness for myself, none of my patients have ever been propelled or fueled by the promise of cosmetics. So taught bellies or biceps. That doesn't appeal to someone who is feeling a sense of stress and burnout. But if I say, 'cause even me, when I was working as a resident, 80 hours a week, I had a state of the art gym in my building, Mel.


It was in the basement. I walked in, I knew I was a doctor, I knew that exercise was important. It was a gym in my building. I walked into the basement, into the gym, opened the door, saw the mirrors everywhere, the crazy machines, the techno, the blasting techno music turned around, walked right back out, never went in there again. I so relate to that story and I was also thinking that it's not that motivating either because if I'm not stressed out, I'm not thinking about being in a bathing suit. I'm not thinking about going to a party. I'm literally thinking about how the hell I'm gonna get through my day. And so I love that you pointed that out because the promise of a 10 minute walk outside is that you can do it.


It immediately makes you feel better. It's a way to engage in moving meditation. It also gives you a sense of control back and agency because you're seeing yourself follow through on something that You know is gonna make you feel slightly better. There are medical benefits to doing it. Reset. I'm in control. I'm gonna take a deep breath and take myself on a walk and I'm gonna put myself back in control and that's how I'm gonna manage my stress. Fantastic. How long does it take for all these changes to become new habits? It doesn't happen overnight. It takes eight weeks to build a habit. Understanding that it takes a little bit more time. 'cause you may fall off, give yourself a solid three months to get there and you will get there.


The reason you have a most goal is because it is a concrete metric that you can measure for yourself. And it can be many things. I've had patients who've said all sorts of things. I want to feel healthy enough to take a bike ride through Europe. I want to run a marathon. Lots of physical things, right? Okay. It doesn't have to be something external, it can be something internal. But I would say that framing it as a positive and say to yourself, I want my future self to be X, Y, and Z. Fill in the blank. I want my future self to have better sleep. Or you can be fed up and say, I'm sick of not being able to sleep through the night. I want to sleep through the night. Motivation comes in many different forms. Yeah, it can be positive and energetic, but it can also be that you're just fed up of your own shit.


But If you start these today, start give yourself eight weeks, but you will see a difference within a week. By the weekend you should start feeling better. These things take shape quickly because your brain and your body are rewiring all the time. Your brain is a muscle. Neuroplasticity a very fancy science word, but it means your brain is a muscle. It's not a grab bag. Like what you got for birth is what you got for life. It's not what it is. Your brain is like a muscle, just like a bicep. So You know, in exercise we, the, the thing with sleep that's fascinating is that like with exercise, If you did, You know, two pound dumbbells, like a hundred curls with your biceps, you'd know that it's doing something. I mean, it's not gonna do as much as like a 10 pound, but you try it anyway.


You're like, You know what, I'm gonna try it. So think of your brain as a muscle. Try things out, experiment, understand that doing a little bit a simple change like keeping your phone off your nightstand could make all the difference and could be a game changer. It doesn't have to be this big giant lifestyle overhaul. Also, your brain cannot handle big lifestyle overhauls when you are feeling a sense of stress. 'cause even positive change, like all of these things that we're talking about, change is considered a stressor to your brain. Wow. So you say in your research that there are six elements that make up an incredible life. What are they? The prescription I give, and it's probably one of my most universal prescriptions, it is this idea of live a lifetime in a day.


So the genesis of this idea is I had a colleague early on in my medical training my first year out of residency, and he loved to play the guitar and he worked many, many hours as a doctor, but his great passion was guitar playing. And he would say to me, it was a Thursday and we were both signing charts and he said, Ugh, I can't wait only two more days until I can play my guitar. And I said, what do you mean? He said, oh, I can't play during the week. I can only play on the weekend. And I, I'm so busy during the weekend, so I barely get any time. Last week I didn't play at all. And I said, why not? Why can't you just play tonight when you get home? And he said, what do you mean it's a weekday? Okay, to do it on the weekend. And so live a lifetime in a day is a direct response to that conversation.


Because I thought, why are you living for the weekends? Hmm? Why don't you bring in all of the good stuff during the week? Play your guitar every day. I had another patient who used to say similar things to me about also, ironically, guitar playing live A Lifetime in a day is about thinking about the six elements that make up in a long arc of a meaningful life and bringing them into your day every day. So when your head hits the pillow at night, you rest your head feeling like, wow, I had a fulfilling day. Even in the midst of stress and burnout. So I can go through each of those very quickly. So the first is childhood. Can you do something today? Even if it means two or five minutes to embrace that sense of wonder and curiosity and play.


Really live in that timelessness of the present moment. We call this a state of flow in science. And it is, it does have a mental health benefit and a therapeutic benefit. So can you look at, can you do something that creates a sense of childlike wonder play simply for play's sake. You're not getting a reward for it, no one's watching you. It's just bringing you joy. Next work. This one's an easy one. Yeah, we need to stop working it sounds like. Can you engage? For us, it's a few hours. For others it's less. Now this doesn't have to be paid work. It can be unpaid work, but something that creates a feeling of meaning and purpose, a sense of accomplishment. Hmm. Then can you spend a little bit of time on vacation?


Also an easy one. Enjoying and reveling. Again, we talked about we, we haven't cover this. Enjoy Like do what you do on vacation, right? Go outside. Yeah, just ponder. Let your brain ponder, let your mind wander. There are lots of health benefits to that mind wandering brain circuit. Next, spend time in community. Whether you have a family or your chosen family or your friends, that doesn't mean you have to be with them all day or even, You know, you'd have to be present with them. But check in with someone. Send a text message, pop on a quick call. Just say, Hey, just wanted to hear your voice. Connect with someone because we know that has great mental health benefits. Loneliness is equal to smoking 15 cigarettes a day. Wow.


Next, as much as you are engaging with community, spend a little time alone because we know that that fosters creativity. And finally, retirement. This one's my favorite. Spend a little, spend a few minutes reflecting on your day. Taking stock of your accomplishments. So when your head hits the pillow at night, you feel like, wow, I really did a lot. This does not take time. I know it's six steps and it feels like, oh my God, there's no way I'm gonna fit this all into a day. It can be two minutes, but just so you hit all of those points. So you are not on that hamster wheel of just like work, constant work, constant work. It will also help with your stress and burnout. It will increase your sense of fulfillment. And I think I just wanna say one thing about happiness.


It will make you happier. But the right kind of happy, just like there are two kinds of stress. There's good healthy stress and bad unhealthy stress. There are two kinds of happiness. One is hedonic happiness. This is really under easy to understand. It's Netflix binges, fast, fancy cars, beautiful purses or designer clothes, all of the bling. This is something that we really understand very well because we think, oh, if only we get all those things, then we'll be happy. That's hedonic happiness. Okay, joy, pleasure. The second kind of happiness is you Demonic happiness. Very long word, hard to say. Even for me it, this is not that thrill kind of happiness.


It is about purpose, meaning it's contentment. So think about something that brings you joy, a sense of purpose and meaning. It doesn't have to be work related, but You know, hobbies or a great thing. So when you're painting, do you feel that sense of connection to yourself? Are you engaged? Are you, so those two kinds of happiness are very different. They also have a different impact on your brain, on your stress and your burnout. You need hedonic happiness, those thrills and the pure pursuit of pleasure for pleasure sake or joy. It's like a bandaid and it's a gift to your brain and body. You have to do that. I have a list. I have a group chat with all of my girlfriends, and we suggest good shows on Netflix to watch. And that's like my hedonic pleasure.


I love it. I just watched shrinking and I loved it. It's about mental health. It's comedy, it's beautiful. I like ate it up. It was hedonic pleasure and hedonic happiness, but you demon happiness. Mm. It has an immediate benefit to your stress and burnout in mental health, but it doesn't have any lasting benefits. But it's important. So it's not to say, again, we're not leading a life of a monk. You want pleasure and joy and happiness in the moment. It also makes you feel good when you're feeling stressed. That's what I was chasing when I was a stressed patient. Massages dinners out with friends. Retail therapy. That's when people say, just try to relax. That's what we do. The thing about onic happiness, it's called a he the hedonic treadmill. That we have a set point.


That's why lottery winners, they win a lot of money and then they come back to the same baseline of happiness. The other kind of happiness is what we really need to start chasing and create a cultural conversation around you. Demonic happiness. This is about meaning and purpose, a feeling of connection. The science shows that this kind of happiness can actually change your cells and your brain and your body know the difference. There are genetic and cellular changes that happen in your body with you. Damani happiness. They don't happen with hedonic happiness. Dr. Aditi, you're the greatest. It's such a pleasure to be here, Mel. Honestly, I wouldn't miss it for the world. It was such an honor when you asked me to join you, I cannot tell you.


You kidding Me? I just like, I just like was sitting here learning. I felt like I was like either at a doctor's appointment or in like a PhD level class. You are so amazing, Mel. I like almost wanted to burst into tears, tears so many times. Oh, I mean, I love your advice and as you're listening, I am sure you've been nodding along, smiling ear to ear. You're like, I love Dr. Aditi. And there's probably somebody in your life that comes to mind. I mean, I know I'm gonna be sending this to my brother Derek, to my friend Jody, who I want both of them to stay with me for a long time. And in order for them to do that, they need habits to be a little healthier. They need Dr. Aditi in their life. And maybe you're thinking of someone who is struggling to eat healthier or who works too much.


You know who I'm talking about. You love them. And just like, I want my brother and one of my best friends to be a little healthier, to take better care of themselves. You want the same for your friend. So share this episode with them. It is a simple way for you to say, I love you, for you to say, I care about you, and for you to get a little more Dr. Aditi into their life. I mean, you heard Dr. Aditi say that even as a doctor, she knew what to do, but wasn't in the right environment in medical school to develop the habits. I I just love it when people admit this kind of stuff, don't you? And she didn't have people around her supporting her, her, in fact, they were telling her that she had to push harder, eh, wrong advice.


And so the thing about the people that you love is they've got you, they have you supporting them and you sending them this episode saying, Hey, I love you. I see you, and here's a little love coming from Dr. Aditi and me. So please, please, please take a moment and send this episode to somebody that you love. 'cause it really does make a difference. And one more thing, in case no one else tells you. Today, I wanna tell you that I love you and I believe in you, and I believe in your ability to take all this inspiration and these eight amazing, simple, sneaky little hacks from Dr. Aditi and use them in your life.


Because I do see that for you. I want you to live a long and healthy and happy life. And if you take everything that you just learned today to heart and you put it to use in your life, you will. Alrighty, I'll talk to you in a couple days. Dr. Aditi Nka. Oh God, I said it wrong. Newer car. Did I do it? Newer car. Neuro car. Okay. So I'm like neuro, neuro, I haven't practice on, at neuro car. Wow. I kind of did that. Well, yes. Okay. I, I never cursed. I just, that was like my favorite line of the entire conversation so far.


Okay, keep going. Sorry. Bless you. My allergies are coming everybody. Sorry. Go ahead. Bless you. Thank you. You're gonna make me cry. I also feel a little choked up Right now. I'm not gonna lie. Well, I'm sure we won't get through it without laughing and crying. So Amazing. Cheers to you. Cheers to you. Oh, and one more thing. And no, this is not a blooper. This is the legal language. You know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you. This podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes.


I'm just your friend. I am not a licensed therapist. And this podcast is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician, professional coach, psychotherapist, or other qualified professional. Got it. Good. I'll see you in the next episode.


Stitcher, Meet the next generation of podcast stars with SiriusXM's. Listen next program presented by State Farm as part of their mission to help voices be heard. State Farm teamed up with SiriusXM to uplift diverse and emerging creators. Tune into stars and stars with Issa. As host Issa Nakazawa dives into birth charts of her celeb guests. This is just the start of a new wave of podcasting. Visit state farm.com to find out how we can help prepare for your future. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, it's your friend Mel. If you love the Mel Robbins Podcast, you're gonna love this. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts on Apple Podcasts and start your free trial today.