
Hey, it's friend Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. You know, I've just noticed lately how many of you are writing in and you're saying that you don't feel like yourself, you're just not as motivated or as energized as you used to be, and You know you are a high performer. You know, kind of what you need to do or what you want to do, but it's like there's just something missing and you can't quite put your finger on it.


Well, I want you to know I see you and you're not alone. What you're feeling is so common Right now, and it's not unique to you, and there's something you can do about it. And so I searched high and I searched low to find the perfect person to come here to our Boston Studios and help both you and me because it's really frustrating to feel like you are a race car that is stuck in neutral, that you are trying to hit the gas pedal, but the car is not going anywhere. See, I don't want you to just show up in your life. I want you to feel like you are actually living it.


And that's what our expert is going to teach us to do today. Dr. K is here, and you're going to love everything he is about to teach you and me about motivation and what Dr. K says is this, that Right now you're probably in a battle with yourself because you don't even understand the way your brain works. Well, you and I are gonna change that today. I cannot wait for what is going to be a profound masterclass on motivation, dopamine, and even deeper than that, how you can tap back in to that thing that's missing and start getting where you wanna go in your life.


I wouldn't be who I am today without the guidance of amazing mentors. And if you really think about it, it's probably true for you too. Maybe it's your mom, your sister, your brother, your friend, or a coach, or someone in your community, whoever it is. We all need someone to look up to someone who can show us what's possible in life.


That's why Macy's has partnered with Big Brothers Big Sisters, which has been pairing children in need with caring adult mentors for over a century. Here's a cool way you can help shop at Macy's, November 1st through December 24th, and you can round up your purchase in store and donate to Big Brothers Big Sisters online shop at macy's dot com.


You know, this time of year is all about connection, and there's no better way to connect with someone than by learning their language. Rosetta Stone has been the most trusted language learning program for over 30 years, and I know why. This past summer I used Rosetta Stone to help me learn a little Greek before I went to Greece, and now I'm diving into German. Why? Because it's on my bucket list. And when I get there, I wanna make sure I can say Donka when somebody opens up the door. Rosetta Stone makes it easy and fun. Start learning today with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership holiday special. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash Mel for unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Available for a short time at Rosetta Stone dot com slash Mel.


Hey, it's your friend, Mel, thank you so much for being here with me today. It is always such an honor to spend some time with you, and I wanna acknowledge you. I wanna acknowledge you for taking the time and choosing to listen to something that could help you create a better life that is so amazing that you're doing that for yourself. And I just consider it an honor that I get to spend this time with you. If you are a brand new listener or somebody that you love, forwarded you this episode, I wanna personally welcome you to the Mel Robbins Podcast family. I'm Mel Robbins. I am on a mission to empower and inspire you with the tools and expert resources that you need and deserve that are gonna help you create a better life.


And I am so thrilled to be able to introduce you to Dr. Alok Kanojia, also known as Dr. K. And if that name sounds familiar, it's because he is now back on the Mel Robbins Podcast. You loved him when he first appeared several months ago. Dr. K is a Harvard trained psychiatrist specializing in modern mental health and the impact that technology is having on your brain. And what I love about Dr. K is, well, there's a lot of things I love about him. I love how he explains these really heady topics. And I also love the fact that he has a super impressive and diverse skillset. First of all, he did his medical and psychiatric training here in Boston at Harvard, and he is also been studying integrative health and Ayurvedic mental health for over 20 years.


He's the co-founder of Healthy Gamer, which is a huge mental health platform and training company. They've got over 175 employees who are dedicated to helping people overcome addictions to technology. And they also train clinicians in Dr. K's methodology, his YouTube channel, healthy Gamer. GG has over 2 million followers and he's the author of the new book, how to Raise a Healthy Gamer. Dr. K is one of the leading authorities online on unlocking motivation, dopamine, how to tap back into that, get up and go inside of you. I'm so fired up. He is here. Dr. K, I'm so incredibly thrilled that you're here.


Thank you for jumping on a plane. I'm so excited. Could you tell the person listening how their life might change if they take everything that you're about to share with them to heart? I think the way that they live life would be very different. And I think their outcomes in life would also change immensely. So I think the basic thing to keep in mind is that we don't learn how we work. We have a fundamental educational system that teaches us mathematics, history, marketing, finance, but no one teaches you this is how your mind works, this is where desires come from, this is how you get motivated. And we assume that there's no formal education in this, but there absolutely is a formal education in this.


And once we sort of dig into that, like what I tend to find with the patients that I work with, people who watch my lectures and stuff like that, is we just teach them how they work. And once you understand how you work, once you understand the buttons of the controller, that is you, then you can direct your character in life wherever you want to go. Dr. K, I have been so looking forward to this because I know that you are gonna deliver a masterclass today. I mean, you're followed by millions of people online. You're Harvard trained psychiatrist who can help us unlock the secret to motivation and meaning in life. You have a really interesting story. So can you just tell us a little bit about how you got to where you are now? Sure. Yeah. So my parents moved here from India.


I'm the child of immigrants. I was born in the United States. Both my parents were doctors. So growing up I was supposed to be a doctor and really didn't have my heart in it. So I wasn't motivated, basically failed outta college. Like I had less than a 2.0 GPA after my first year of college was on academic probation. Well, Did you just not go to cla like a less than a 2.0? That actually takes some work to not do That. It does. Yeah. So I was very addicted to video games. Oh. Played a bunch of games, basically failed outta college, would play for 16, 18, 20 hours a day. And then my parents like tried everything. So they tried like punishment, they tried like being very like supportive and they just didn't know what to do because even today we don't quite understand how technology affects our brains and it affects us so profoundly.


So after about two years, my dad said, you gotta go to India. And I went to an ashram, which is like a monastery, And I stayed there for three months and decided to become a monk at the age of 21. My teachers told me that I was too young. They told me, you need to go back to school, you need to get a doctoral degree and then you can take your vows at 30. I was like, You know, I want to give up my life. And one of my, my teachers was like, you don't have anything worth giving up. So if you want to become a monk, you have to go build something in the world and then give it up. Like rise to the top of your profession, get a doctoral degree at a minimum, and then give it up. Right now you're running away, you're escaping. There's nothing worth giving up.


They ended up sending me back. So I would travel for about back and forth for about seven years and learn more advanced practices and stuff like that. Ended up meeting my wife. So it turns out my teachers were very wise. So the whole monk thing was not gonna work out, decided to go to med school, partially because she wanted to be married to a doctor. And my teachers had said, you have to get some kind of doctoral degree. So I was like, why not medicine? That Seems like a big commitment to try to impress somebody that you are dating, You know what I mean? Like, oh, I'll go to medical school if you like me. Yeah. So You know, it's, it's interesting 'cause that's how it would seem, right? Right. So we, we all, we have all these ideas about, You know, you shouldn't craft your life based on someone else's preferences and stuff like that. But I, I, I think it's, You know, if you're internally okay with it, I knew I had to get some kind of doctorate degree.


I'm very interested in how human beings work. That's what I loved about India. Hmm. So what I learned in India is like, this is how a human being works from the inside. Hmm. Not research, but the challenge with scientific research is that it's hard to apply to an individual. What I love about sort of this eastern perspective on spirituality, it's like, I mean, if I tell you your desire comes from the nucleus accumbens, you can't do anything with that. I Would be like, what? It comes from the nucle Humma humma. Exactly. Right. So there's some neurotransmitter floating around in your brain, but it's not actionable information. Yes. So what I learned in India was an actionable way to change myself. And then came back, graduated with a 2.5 GPA after like five and a half years of, of undergrad.


Okay. And then it took me about three years to get into med school. I got rejected from 120 med schools, 120 med schools. You applied to Over, over the course of three years. Yeah, like 40 year. Wow. And you kept going Though. Yes. So that's speaking of motivation, right? Yes. So I, I think when your motivation comes from the right place, you are impervious to the circumstances around you affecting your motivation. Oh, whoa. Okay. I know we're gonna dig deep into that, But I wanna make sure as you're listening to Dr. K, you really just got what he just said. When the motivation comes from the right place, you're impervious to all the external things that are going on. Absolutely. 100%. So ended up, You know, getting rejected a lot after two years of applying to med school and not getting in, people in my family were like, Hey, maybe you should think about something else.


Like your GPA is set in stone. Right? Ended up getting into med school, went to Tufts for med school, and then also had decided to do psychiatry. So originally I was gonna do like holistic cancer treatment. So I'd studied a lot of Indian medicine in India and alternative medicine, yoga, meditation, all that good stuff. But did psychiatry because my favorite organ was the mind and really noticed a lack in the west of our understanding of the mind. 'cause we do things based on population based studies, right? So we can say motivation comes from this part of the brain, but as a human being, how do you take that fact and apply it to your life? That is what was missing in the field for me.


Yeah. Ended up doing my psychiatry training at Harvard down the street at Mass General Hospital in McLean Hospital was an awesome experience. And then a couple years in, I had a pretty large group of people coming to me wanting like holistic mental health treatment. So how can I conquer this depression or anxiety or narcissism or sociopathy? Worked with a lot of CEOs and in kind of high performers in like finance and in places like that. And then I realized that there's like no shortage of people trying to help this group of people, right? People who can pay a lot of money for like really high quality support and to really unlock their potential or maximize their potential, whatever.


But there were a bunch of people who no one was helping. And those are the degenerate gamers. These are like the 22 year olds who finish college and never get a job. These are people who drop outta college. These are people who are 25 years old living in their parents' basement and like no one's helping them. They can't pay anything. So I started streaming on Twitch and doing mental health content on Twitch and was stunned when we became the fastest growing stream on Twitch for a period of about three months. Wow. So for the person listening who does not know what Twitch is, could you kind of explain what you mean when you're giving mental health content on Twitch? Yeah. So Twitch is a live streaming platform that usually streams games. So what I noticed is that in my office, I was having gamers come in and I was like teaching them certain concepts.


I wasn't actually doing therapy. I was like, here's how your mind works. Here's the effect of dopamine on your brain and your motivation and things like that. And so I just had the same conversation over and over and over again. So what I started doing was streaming conversations on Twitch. So I would talk to people and I would start teaching some of these principles, almost like a podcast where I just like some random person would call in and I'd do like q and a, or they'd be like, You know, I struggle with motivation. I'd say, okay, like let's understand the neuroscience of motivation. So we'd kind of dig into that. And what I really discovered is that if you look at like people today, right? So we're being so shaped by our environment. Other people decide what kind of thoughts we have. So we're seeing, You know, companies get better at advertising. We're seeing short form content.


Other people are shaping your views about yourself. They're shaping what you think will make you happy in life. So we're bombarded with all of these images of what it means to be happy, Right? Then what happens is there's a deficit. So our brain notices, oh, look at all those happy people over there. I am not doing those things and I am unhappy. And then they try to sell you something. There's a lot of very like intentional shaping of people's unhappiness and then selling people solutions. So as all of these kinds of effects are going on, we don't know how to fight against that. So true. And we'll say like, okay, just cut back on technology use. But it's become a part of our work. It's how you keep track of, like I get emails from my kids' music teacher to tell 'em the class is canceled.


So you have to stay plugged in. And so we're not equipped with the tools to fight against this external environment shaping us. That makes a lot of sense. And so it's almost as if there are two pieces that we need to really dig into. And the first one is the internal and really understanding. You go to school and you learn all of these subjects, but you don't learn how a human being or how you operate from the inside out. And so I think we're all scared of the way that our environment and tech is shaping us. And where I wanna start, especially given the number of people that are following you online and the kind of advice that you're giving on YouTube.


I mean millions and millions of people. Dr. K, what are we getting wrong about motivation? So much So, so in the West, what we call motivation, there is no motivation center of the brain. Motivation is an internal drive that comes from emotions, comes from what you should be doing, comes from issues of like ego and identity comes from issues of comparison, right? So there's so many different things that motivate us. So this is the first thing is that motivation is not a thing. It is lots of different things. The biggest mistake we make with motivation is that we try to increase it. And I know that sounds weird, but let's understand what motivation is. So let's say you're motivated to do something. Is it easy for you?


Yes. That's a problem. That's not a solution, it's a problem. Why is it a problem if something's easy for me? Because you are not in control. So if you feel motivated, you're trying to make your life easy instead of being in control of yourself. So an alternate solution is imagine if you could act independent of motivation, even if you didn't feel like it. 'cause everyone's trying to increase their motivation. 'cause we're so burnt out all the time, we don't have the energy for it. I'm looking to make it easy for myself when my body, my brain, and my mind are sending us signals. Don't do this. I don't feel like doing this. And we're ignoring that. And so then what we try to do is we try to create situations that make it easy for us to act.


But this creates a fundamental flaw. How so? Because if the situation changes and your motivation changes, then you're screwed. So you're basically saying, just take the simple thing of getting outta bed in the morning, the second the alarm rings. Most of us have some sort of emotion that we feel about the act of simply getting outta bed. Something we've done thousands of times in our lifetime, we know how to do. It is relatively simple set of actions to roll outta bed and stand up and start your day. But we, so many of us are relying on this feeling of motivation, which is, I guess the way that I would describe it is this emotion of wanting to do something and feeling like it's going to be easy.


And if that feeling is there magically in the morning, I get outta bed. But if it's not, I don't take the action. So is that a good example of what you're Talking about? Exactly. So, so let's like play that tape through. Right? Okay. So that means that if the motivation isn't there, yes. The first thing that happens, your alarm rings. Yeah. And then your cognitive willpower starts to drain because you already have to overcome something. Yes. Right? So you start waking up and getting out of the bed. Tired. Yes. 'cause you don't feel motivated. Correct. If you think about it, what that means is that what I want to do controls my life because those are the things that I do. So now the question becomes, what's better for you to be in control of your wants or for your wants to be in control of you? I think I just got something. So you were addicted to video gaming.


It's what caused you to fail outta college. It's also in many ways what drove you and inspired you to speak to all of us about the brain and about understanding your internal drivers and yourself. And if you look at it in the negative, all addiction begins with wanting to do something and allowing your wants to be in complete control. I wanna eat that thing. I wanna drink that thing. I wanna play that video game. I wanna just have sex with somebody that I don't even know. I wanna ignore that obligation. I wanna do this. And so when you start to live a life where your wants and your desires in the moment are controlling what you do and what you don't do, you're out of control.


Is that what you're saying? A hundred percent. Not only are you out of control, you'll be unhappy. So first thing is, if we look at addiction, we know that there are uniform pathways of addiction in the brain. And all addictions do two things. One is they give us pleasure. And the second is that they take away pain. And this is true of opiates, heroin and social media video games. They activate this part of our brain called the nucleus accumbens, which is where our dopamine reinforcement circuitry is. It gives us pleasure when we get something, and it also gives us craving. So if you think about like eating a cookie, it's delicious. Let me have another one. The second thing that all addictions do is they suppress our negative emotional circuitry.


So if you look at eating a cookie, if I'm having a bad day and I eat a cookie, I feel a little bit better. I'm feeling burnt out, I'm feeling tired. Let me hop on my phone, let me browse social media for a little while. And it pushes the tiredness away for a time. But when you get off of your phone, or do you feel energized? Do you feel like now it's time to like, now I have the energy to go and cook a meal and go take care of this stuff and send an email to my boss? No, all you're doing is delaying your tiredness. Dr. K, my head is spinning because as I'm listening to you, I'm not only learning about what I need to do, but there are about five people that come to mind immediately that I want to share this episode with like Right now.


And so let's take a quick break so we can hear a word from our amazing sponsors because of their support. We can give you Dr. K at zero cost and all this life changing information. And please take a minute and share this, share this with your kids, share this with your partner, share this with family members because we all need to understand this and we need to know what to do about it. And don't go anywhere because Dr. K and I are gonna be waiting for you after a short break. There is so much more we're gonna dig into and you're gonna wanna be here for it. So we'll see you then.


Oh, I'm so excited to tell you about one of our sponsors, aura Frames. I love them. Why? Because like me, you probably took a million photos this year. Oakley graduated from high school. Chris and I went on this unforgettable vacation together. Our family climbed Mount Kain. Where are the photos? Normally they'd be on my phone, but not anymore. Why? I have an Aura Digital photo frame. It sits on my kitchen counter. I gave one to my parents. It's on their kitchen counter. I gave it to Kendall who lives in la Oakley up in his dorm room. Or is a digital frame that looks and feels like a normal picture frame. But check this out, you just send photos to it and all of a sudden your photos are right there everywhere and it updates all the time. And your family can update it. I freaking love it. It's the best gift to give yourself. It's the best gift to give to everyone else. And for a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using the code Mel at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code. Mel, this exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't you dare miss out terms and conditions apply.


You know, one thing you may not know about me is I love giving gifts and I love giving gifts that scream luxury, but secretly they're really affordable. The kind of gifts that somebody would never buy for themselves. 14 karat gold jewelry, beautiful Italian leather totes, gorgeous soft cashmere sweaters for men, women, kids. You can find everything. Wear Quince. It's the online store for quality, luxurious gifts for people that you love that are affordable for you. I love the sweaters at Quince. I never wanna take 'em off. And yeah, you're gonna love Quince so much because everything's priced 50 to 80% less than similar luxury brands. You're gonna find yourself treating yourself too. Gift luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to quince.com/ Mel for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Mel to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Mel.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp for me. December's all about cozy nights at home. I'm talking soft blankets, hot tea sinking into the couch with my family nearby and the fireplace roaring. There's something about that kind of comfort that just feels so good, isn't there? But you wanna know what? Comfort doesn't have to be something you only feel for a month. And if I'm being honest, the best gift I've ever given myself is the kind of comfort that comes from working on myself, especially through therapy. It's a way to keep that cozy, grounded, wrapped up in a blanket feeling all year long, no matter what life throws your way. So if you've been thinking about starting therapy, check out BetterHelp. It's a super easy way to get started. You just take a quick questionnaire to match you with a licensed therapist and it's all online. You can switch therapists anytime without any extra charges so you can find the right person for you. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Mel Robbins today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Mel Robbins,


Welcome back. It's your buddy Mel, and you and I are here today with Dr. K. He's a Harvard trained psychiatrist. He is known and loved by millions of followers online at Healthy Gamer GG on YouTube. Dr. K, what do you want us to understand about motivation as we start to look at what I think most people struggle with, which is this feeling every day that I'm not able to follow through on some of the simple things that I really want to be doing, But I, for whatever reason, I'm not quote, motivated to exercise or eat healthy or make that phone call. It's a great question. So let's understand a little bit about where motivation comes from.


Okay? And we'll draw on both principles of like eastern spirituality, that yogi's practicing meditation in the Himalayas figured out a couple thousand years ago that have now been verified by neuroscience. So let's start with when I act, right? So you're saying I, I have stru struggle with follow through. So that's the problem with motivation, is that motivation waxes and wanes because motivation is oftentimes highly emotional. So if we look at the part of our brain that creates behavior, emotions give us information, and they give us motivation. So if I feel angry, I will feel like doing something. If I feel afraid, it will motivate me to run away. The problem though is that emotions vary.


That's the way they're supposed to be. They, they don't last forever. So our brain has this very natural principle of homeostasis, which means that we experience joy and then the joy goes away. And so then what we end up doing is chasing those things that bring us joy. That would be great, except there's another principle in the brain of tolerance. So if I eat one cookie, it's delicious, right? If I eat a second cookie, it's not quite as tasty. If I had a third cookie, now I'm feeling full. True. And even then, oftentimes if I think about getting that cookie tomorrow, it's not gonna be as good as the first time I have it. So now we're kind of stuck because our motivation is gonna wax and wane with our emotions.


We're trying to cultivate these past experiences over and over again to try to keep us motivated and it just doesn't work. So what can we do? This is where we're gonna focus on a, a principle from kind of eastern philosophy called garma farra. So garma is action, and Farah means fruit. So there's a really simple principle that the more that you devote yourself to your actions instead of outcomes, the more easy your life will be and the more you'll be in control of your behavior. We have a society that is increasingly focusing on outcomes, and we also have a society that the human beings are increasingly burnt out and lack motivation. And those two things are tied. So if we're not gonna focus on outcomes, then how the hell do we get motivated?


Let's understand another thing about the brain. So we, our brain does this thing called an action success calculation. So what it does is anytime we're thinking about doing something, our brain knows, okay, what's the likelihood of this to succeed? And what's the likelihood of this to fail? And the problem is that if you're trying to cultivate motivation and you put in a lot of work and we're focused on the outcome and things don't work out, then I won't reinforce the behavior, right? So if I say like, I'm gonna study really hard for a test and I don't do well on the test, what does my brain learn about the value of studying that? It doesn't help. It doesn't help. So is This one of the reasons why so many of us give up, either going on a healthier diet or going to the gym and working out because you're not seeing the results, so you start to go, this isn't working.


Absolutely. So if we look at behavioral change, we have one evidence-based technique that helps people change their behavior, which is something called motivational interviewing. So what is motivational interviewing? It is a way to talk to people that increases their motivation. Oh my god. So can we use this with people in our life too? Not just with ourselves? Absolutely. Oh, yes. Yeah. So we're gonna learn. That's okay. I I not, not just with people in our life. I mean, I'd say we do it in psychiatry with other people. The beautiful thing is you can do it with yourself. Oh My God, let's Go. Okay. We figured out that most human beings are conflicted. Okay, so I want to go to the gym. I don't want to go to the gym now before I go to the gym.


The pain of going to the gym is a hypothetical. The pleasure of staying home is also a hypothetical, right? So when we, when we start out, neither of these two things are realities. So I think about the gym, I think here's the cost, here's the benefit. But it's a hypothetical, right? Right. 'cause I haven't gone, I haven't gone. So I'm just making it all up my mind. So as I go To the gym, the hypothetical pain becomes real. I can think about working out that's not painful. Actually working out huffing and puffing. I wanna stop. This is, my body's like, don't do this. My knees are hurting. The pain actually increases. So anytime we move towards an action, the pain increases. The reason we want to engage in the action is because at the end of the pain is some kind of pleasure, right?


There's some kind of outcome that we're devoted to. And then we hope that the pain will be worth the pleasure. But our brain doesn't see it that way. Where our brain sees, and you'll notice this, if, if you're kind of like, You know, thinking about something in your life where you think about doing something and You know it's gonna be painful, but when you start to do it, it's actually painful and it actually decreases our motivation. So moving towards our goals oftentimes comes at a cost before a benefit. That makes a lot of sense. So just so I can break this down, so everybody's tracking intellectually, you can know you wanna do something, but you are going to think about what it's like to get out of bed or think what it's like to go to the gym or think what it's like to work on your resume, right?


And because it's gonna require you to move toward the pain before you get the payoff, motivation decreases as you move toward this thing that you really wanna do. Absolutely right? And this is also presuming that the reason for your motivation is the positive outcome, right? That's why we're motivated, right? 'cause I want to be healthy. I want that sexy beach bot, Right? Right. But the problem is that when we actually engage in the behavior, when I go to the gym, I don't get a sexy beach bot. No. So then my brain is looking at this and it's saying, wait, yeah. Why are we doing this? Correct? This is just pain. There's no benefit. Yes. This is dumb. Yes. And then we wake up the next day and we're like, our brain is like, don't do that thing. Yes. And then we all get confused. This is why we need to separate ourselves from the outcome, because our brain makes this calculation and says, this pain in the gym today is not worth the payoff today, obviously.


Right? And then it's gonna turn around and it's gonna say, don't do this thing. What's so fascinating is you are revealing the mechanism internally that's at play that most of us are unaware of. And so we are engaged in all of this sort of like mind battles with ourselves. We're calling ourselves lazy. We're saying that we're this, like, why can't I do this? When you're simply saying, honestly, this is how your brain works. You're not gonna see the result right away. You're wired to move away from the pain. And so you cannot focus on the result because that is not gonna get you through this little contradiction in your brain. Beautifully Said. Right? So what I would say is we are spending our whole lives swimming upstream.


Instead of understanding our motivational circuitry, we are trying to conquer it. Instead of utilizing it, we're trying to fight against it and overcome it. So instead, understand how your motivation works, and then you can craft your life so that like action becomes easy and outcomes will improve too. There's like tons of data on this. So now let's start by understanding that I have this positive goal. Yeah. That comes with a reward. But when I think about working on my resume or going to the gym, I'm looking for that positive reward at the end. I'm not really anticipating the pain. So instead what we want to do is we actually want to let go of that goal. And in motivational interviewing with someone who's addicted to alcohol, here's how this looks.


So people will say, I want to be sober for a year. I will say, you can't be sober for a year. It is impossible to be sober for a year. If I said, Mel, get up Right now and be sober for a year, could you do it? I don't know. I don't, th I don't know. I i sober For a year is not an action. It is an outcome. Oh, Hold on. 'cause you're right. When you said be sober for a year, my little brain went, do do do do do 365 days, not drinking. Okay. Box, check box. And I jumped to, I accomplished it. I I I totally fell into your trap. Dr. K. Absolutely. Well, I do wanna break it down because I think the person listening and myself, we are so hardwired to think about the things that we want that you're trying to get us to understand that we've got to interrupt the way that our brain jumps to the end and start to think a different way to make this work for us.


Is that what you're saying? A hundred percent. Because I think like half the people listening are probably going, well, I'd like to find a significant other. I'd like to lose weight. I'd like to have a million dollars in the bank. All goals and outcomes. And you're basically saying that kind of thinking keeps you stuck swimming upstream and not able to act, activate what you need in order to act in the way that you need to act. Beautifully said. So now remember that if I go to the gym, it's painful. I don't see the yield today. So then where does the motivation of going to the gym come from? You wake up one day and you look at yourself in the mirror and you're like, I'm tired of looking like this. You're, you're driven by negativity. Yes. Your drive to go to the gym is pain, right?


Our brain gets confused because we're moving away from pain into pain and our brain is like, this doesn't make sense. So this is why people don't have follow through. They pendulum, I'm going to the gym this week. I'm not gonna go next week. Right? Because it's, you're always listening to your negative part. You're saying, I'm unhappy with this. I'm unhappy with the amount of money I make, so I'm gonna work harder at work, which is not a pleasant experience. So we keep on ping ponging between like negativity and negativity. This actually makes a lot of sense. I was with somebody last night who has been in a job for two years where they keep promising promotion. This person keeps delivering what they're supposed to do and it's not coming. And there's a lot of, I can't stand this situation and yet I don know what to do about it.


One week I wanna quit. One week I'm working harder. And it is this pendulum thing that you see. And from the outside you go, why don't you just get another job? But from the inside, you really do see somebody trapped between one situation that's painful, which is trying to double down in a job that's not working, versus the other situation that's painful, which is organizing your resume and putting yourself out there and looking for a job. And so that to me makes a lot of sense as to why we swing between these spurts of exercising and not eating healthy and then not drinking and then not. And That's a beautiful example. What we find is there's no actual fluctuation. You are following through 100%.


What you are following through with is you are always moving away from your negativity. So you keep on running away from the negative things in your life and you stay stuck. You are still being controlled by those desires all the time. So consistency doesn't come from obeying whatever emotion you're feeling in the moment, right? Like that makes perfect sense. The point of the human body, the human brain and the human mind, these are all instruments to serve you. You don't exist for their benefit. They exist for your benefit. My arm, my tongue does not dictate what I do with my life. And yet we let our brains and our mind dictate what we're doing with our life. It's absurd. The key is to focus on the action, not the outcome. When the mind thinks about action, the outcomes improve.


And when the mind thinks about outcomes, sometimes you get there, sometimes you don't. You get into this motivational problem. So kind of going back to my life, I decided I'm gonna apply. That's what I'm gonna focus on. And you're talking about the fact that over the course of three years, you applied to 120 medical schools until you got in. Until I got in, right? So, and people think like, oh, doesn't the first 10 failures weigh on? You don't. The next 10 failures weigh on you because that's how most of us live our life, right? Yeah. What is the difference, Mel, between applying for the first medical school in the hundredth medical school? Well, when you think about the actual action, there is zero difference because you are filling out paperwork, you are organizing a bunch of stuff, and you're hitting submit.


And so then where does the difference come from? You're a hundred percent right? There's Your emotion and the stories you tell yourself about the difference between the first of application and the hundred. So I want you to think about this. The action is exactly the same. The only thing that is holding me back is the weight in my mind that I have failed 99 times before. That is not reality. That is a thought in your head that is telling you that you have failed 99 times. And as long as that is the way that your life is working, you will never be in control. Because if my mind wakes up, some people say 20 is too much. Some people say that 20 failures or 20 denials of a job, I feel weighed down. For some people they can tolerate 40. For some people they can tolerate 60.


And the people who quit after 20, look at the people who try 60 times and they say, I wish I could be like that. I wish I could follow through. I wish I could have more discipline. They're all doing it wrong. Each action that you take in life is individual. A hundred percent. I'm constantly astonished by the number of people who write in because they feel like they're either too young or too old to do the things that they wanna do. And for me, as a 56-year-old woman who launched this podcast 18 months ago, I just go, well, I just put my head down and just focused on the simple things every single day that lead to launching a podcast and all of that garbage that you're telling yourself like, I'm too young, or I'm too old, or I'm too this, or I'm too that it's complete fiction.


The action is actually the only way that you prove that that crap in your mind is a lie. Yeah. The challenge is that, so we are so conditioned to thinking that our thoughts are reality. So how do I use motivational interviewing to tap into this wiring inside me in an effective way? Dr. K. Great Question. So if you want to be consistent every day, step number one, abandon every day. What? Abandon every day. You can't do something every day. Oh, focus on today. Okay. You see how deeply it is? Yes, I see that I'm screwed, So, so I'll give you a great example. So when we think about every day, successes become failures in my mind. So if I say to myself, I'm gonna meditate every day, And I meditate for 39 days, and day 40 rolls around, did I meditate every day?


Mel, have I succeeded in my goal? You did for 39 days. It's Still a failure, Right? 'cause you didn't do it on the 40th. So now I'm looking at 39 days of success. And I'm calling it a failure because I didn't do it on day 40. Crazy, Crazy. I work with people who are addicted to substances, right? And these are people who will be sober for 48 days and then they will have a relapse. And then this is no longer sober. It becomes binary. And then what does the brain do? The brain says, what's the point of resisting alcohol for 39 days? If we're just gonna drink on day 40, we demotivate ourselves. Mm. So what we wanna focus on is the action. Focus on the present, focus on doing the thing.


And so if you're waking up and you wanna use this tool in your life, and there is something that you would like to make more consistent, which is still not a thing. I see how quickly I default to, I wanna do it every day. I wanna be more consistent. I wanna lose the weight. I wanna make more money. How do I use this technique to get myself to focus on what I need to do today? Dr. K. Couple Of very good things that you can do cognitively. Okay? First is focus on the negative, anticipate the negative. Tomorrow when I wake up, I'm not gonna feel like going to the gym. Mentally prepare for the difficulty. Okay? Then you're not caught off guard by it, right? You're not thinking, see, well, when everyone thinks about going to the gym, they're thinking about the positive.


They're not thinking about the negative. So the first thing that you actually wanna do is anticipate the difficulty of the action that you want to take. And that makes a lot of sense to me. I can give you, as you're listening, example, I've been doing a lot of the cold exposure. I hate it. And I do not try to motivate myself, so to speak, or get myself all hyped up. I'm literally like, this is gonna blow. I'm gonna do it. It's gonna be 90 seconds of my life and I'm just getting in the damn barrel. And there's something about saying it that it's almost like this sort of internal resistance lowers, I don't know how, what is happening in your body when you use this? Like, I'm gonna have a healthy dinner tonight and it's gonna suck.


And I know I would rather have a delicious juicy cheeseburger, but I'm going to just eat the salad and the clean protein, and that's gonna be that. And that's what I'm doing. What happens in your brain when you do step one, Dr. K, and you anticipate the negative? So the first thing that it does is it doesn't let you get caught off guard. You're changing your expectations from a positive thing to a negative thing. And what we know about human beings and expectations is nothing basically lives up to your expectations. When you actually do the thing, it's usually not as bad as you expected. The other thing that you're doing, which is very, very important, is you are taming your brain. You're telling your brain, it's not about motivation.


'cause motivation is about gratification of the brain, right? It's like, I wanna do this thing and I wanna feel good. It's all about positive. It's about getting that reward at the end. It's about the outcome. We are divorcing the action from pleasure or pain or anything. We are learning to be independent of pleasure and pain. I say, I'm gonna do this. That's what I'm gonna do. I do not care what my brain wants. And this is what happens. You are separating yourself. I Love this, Dr. K, I wanna make sure you got this, because this to me, this is something you have to understand. I even want you to visualize it. This makes so much sense to me. Now that you have taught us that motivation really is about pleasure and craving and drive and all that stuff over here.


And you, when you say step one, I am just going to anticipate the negative. I'm gonna tell myself this is gonna suck. I'm gonna focus on what I'm doing today. And by doing that, you are literally cleaving the, the like a separation between pleasure seeking part of your brain And pain avoidance and Pain avoidance to literally activating the ability to see that something's not gonna be enjoyable, but you're gonna do it anyway. This makes so much sense, right? You're basically flipping the switch on the part of the brain that activates to go, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't want you to do that. Yeah, I see this coming. You can, you can take a nap because we're gonna go and have the healthy meal. Absolutely. So, so this is where in in Sanskrit, there's this concept of detachment or Yep.


Which a lot of people think will mean like apathy and a lack of motivation. But it's actually quite the opposite. What is detachment? So detachment is divorcing ourselves of the outcomes of our actions, our, so to focus on the action itself, instead of worrying about the outcome, You're basically saying that there is a superpower in life and putting all of your energy and focus and resources into what you can do Right now. And you can be committed to something in the future, but you can't focus on that. You gotta focus on the actions and what you can do Right now, a hundred Percent. You call it a superpower. This is where I would say this should be the default state.


Mm. So if you stop and think about it, Mel, what do you control in this life? I control what I am going to do next. And that's it. That's it, that's it. I can't control anything that you're doing. A hundred Percent can't control anything that anybody outside these windows in downtown Boston are doing. I can't control what you're thinking or how you feel. And in many ways, I can't actually control the emotions that come up because they're just rising and falling or the thoughts that rise and fall. But I can with practice, focus on what action I take next.


That's it. So it's crazy, right? So if, if you're listening to this podcast Right now, I want everyone to stop for a second and think about what you literally can control. It is the bounds of your body. That's it. And I see this especially with women, because they're responsible for their husbands, they're responsible for their parents, they're responsible. We put so much responsibility on women for the people around them. So here you are stuck in this world where you are trying to get everyone else to fall in line. It is impossible. And then we get so bent outta shape to get my boss to do this, to get my son to do this, to get my parents to do this. We're trying to control everything around us, and we cannot control it. You. It's a physically impossible.


Dr. K, I got a level with you. I want my entire team to listen to this episode. What you are teaching us is life changing. We all need to know how to take control of this issue in our life. And so here's what I want you to do. As you're listening, there are people in your life that you're really worried about. Please let Dr. K explain this to them. Let Dr K do the heavy lifting when he puts it into context. Like it makes you wanna do something different. And so please take a moment, share this episode with the people in your life who really need to hear it, which is everybody.


And don't go anywhere. We'll be waiting for you after a very short break with our sponsors. Stay with us


every holiday season starts with the best intentions. Bake the homemade pie, get all your holiday shopping done early, but then life gets in the way. Don't feel bad happens to everybody. Luckily you've got DoorDash, like your secret holiday helper. DoorDash has you covered on gifts, groceries and dinner for tonight. DoorDash makes it so easy. You may even feel a little guilty, but hey, no one needs to know that your pie was really store-bought or that that thoughtful gift arrived just minutes before your guest did. And now through the 24th, DoorDash has big deals running for the holidays from Best Buy, Ulta Beauty, Wingstop, Aldi, and more. Save money and the holidays. All with DoorDash. Whether you tell people is up to you, DoorDash your door to more use code. Mel Joy, 24 for 50% off your first order. Max $10 off orders of $15 or more. Offer ends December 26th, 2024. One promo per order. Not valid for orders containing alcohol terms apply.


Oh, I'm so excited to tell you about one of our sponsors, aura Frames. I love them. Why? Because like me, you probably took a million photos this year. Oakley graduated from high school. Chris and I went on this unforgettable vacation together. Our family climbed Mount Kadin. Where are the photos? Normally they'd be on my phone, but not anymore. Why? I have an Aura Digital photo frame. It sits on my kitchen counter. I gave one to my parents. It's on their kitchen counter. I gave it to Kendall who lives in la Oakley up in his dorm room. Aura is a digital frame that looks and feels like a normal picture frame. But check this out. You just send photos to it and all of a sudden your photos are right there everywhere and it updates all the time. And your family can update it. I freaking love it. It's the best gift to give yourself. It's the best gift to give to everyone else. And for a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off or as bestselling carver mat frames by using the code. Mel at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code. Mel, this exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't you dare miss out terms and conditions apply.


Is it just me or does all this rushing that happens during the holiday season really wear you out? I mean, from planning and prepping meals to finding the perfect gift for everyone on your list to decorating, wrapping, holy cow. Just listing all those things makes me feel tired. Sleep is everything. Mattress Firm gets it. That's why they're all about helping you find the perfect mattress. You can finally get your best rest. And here's the best part. They offer free fast delivery straight to your door so you don't have to wait to get better sleep. Plus, with their 120 night sleep trial, it's completely risk-free. Love your new mattress, or they're gonna give you your money back. So why not start the New year feeling refreshed and recharged? Check out mattress firm's premium selection of top mattress brands. In fact, it's a great present to give to yourself. Get matched at mattress firm's semi-annual sale and clearance and sleep at night. Text Mel to 7 6 6 6 9 3. That's 76, 66 93 for a hundred dollars off your next purchase at mattress firm. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Welcome back. It's your friend Mel. You and I are here today with Dr. K and he's got my head spinning. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for taking the time to share this information and this episode as a resource with people in your life. Now let's jump back into it. Dr. K, I have another question for you. How do I use this idea of motivational interviewing though? To get people to do things that are hard? Give me the script. Dr. K. So if I'm sitting down with somebody that I really care about and maybe they've just let their health slide, it's a partner that I have been with for a while. They've put on a bunch of weight, they've become pretty sedentary. I'm worried about their happiness and just their overall state.


What is the script? 'cause I, a lot of us don't even know how to fricking Absolutely open the conversation up. How do you feel about your health? Oh, that's the question. Fine. Like I'm okay. Okay. It sounds like you're okay about your health. Like you feel okay about it? Yeah. What makes you feel okay about it? Ooh, I'm feeling like you're pinning me to the wall. Dr. K. I don't know. I've been like this a long time. It sounds like you've been this way for a long time. So you've gotten used to it. Oh yes I have. How do you feel about that? I guess I feel like it's gonna take a lot of work to change things. I'm comfortable where I am.


Yeah. I mean, you're saying you're comfortable. I'm, it almost feels a little bit more to me like resignation. Like maybe it's gonna take too much work to change. Yeah, It does feel like it would take a lot. And I've tried things in the past and I work a lot And I'm constantly traveling for work and I just don't have time for it. And I'm hearing that it must be really challenging because first of all, it takes a lot of work and you have so much on your plate that you certainly don't have time for it. Exactly. That's gotta be tough. It is. What's hard about it? Oh god, man. I can't hide from you. Dr. K, I feel like I'm letting you down 'cause I know you would like me to do something about it And I'm tired of you nagging me about it And I don't feel like you understand how hard it is for me.


It must be incredibly frustrating to have me nagging you all the time riding your ass, expecting more of you. It is. Can you tell me a little bit about how long you felt that way? Wow. A long time. I, this is really good because what I'm experiencing, even though I'm stepping in the shoes of somebody, is I am experiencing this sensation that I can't escape the truth. And you're speaking, you're talking about your conflict, you're articulating your difficulty. Yes. That's what we lean into, right? So if I come at you and I, you, you say you're, I'm nagging you, right?


Yeah. And then I say like, yeah, that's gotta be hard. So I don't say it's for a good reason. Right? We default to like, it's for a good reason. It's because I love you. Like we gotta do it because of X, Y, Z. By the way, that's a very real conversation of people were listening. I'm sure they felt it right? Because that's what it's like. You don't realize how hard I work. Oh my God. Powerful statement. Especially in a relationship. What are you looking for in terms of the moment where it breaks open? Or are you not even looking for that? You just want somebody to, Oh, we're, we're halfway there. Already. We are. It's like in five. Absolutely. Right? Because now we're talking about your difficulty. So now I ask you like, You know, like it, it's gotta be so hard, yeah. To do this too, because you're doing this, you're doing this.


I'm riding on your ass. That must be so difficult. What's that like? And we keep on digging in. 'cause here's the problem. When we have, when our mind has difficulties, we try to push them away. We try to conquer them. But there's a very simple principle of like psychology, which is that that which stays within the mind will grow over time. Hmm. So what do we know is that when someone gets traumatized, they keep it on the inside and it compounds, it expands over time. So what's our treatment for trauma? Anything that you vent from the mind will decrease in the mind. The energy of it literally goes away. So when we do like therapy for people, and we're talking about how hard it is to struggle with alcohol, how hard it is to go to the gym, all of that difficulty almost gets vented.


It's bizarre. We come to accept it for what is it is instead of trying to conquer it, instead of wishing it was a different way, it is hard. So start by engaging in understanding. Start by repairing this. Start by helping me who is nagging you Understand? And once I understand, and once you feel like I understand, then you will actually listen to me. And what do you say to somebody once it gets to that point where you've had this realization as the nagger, right? That holy cow, like it's gotta be difficult to be you. How do you open the door for how can I help you? Or what do you need? Or do you even wanna do something about this?


Very good. I don't know if you noticed this, but you rolled back where you were heading. So how can I help you presumes that you want help and you ended up with, do you even want to do something about this? Hmm. So if I jump to how can I help? We haven't agreed that you want help. Now I ask you point blank. Do you want to change this? And then the person much more likely to say yes. And now you have done it. Because now they used to say no. Now they're saying, yes, I do want to do something about it. Now the motivation is coming from them. So instead of pushing them, you create a vacuum. And anytime you create a vacuum, there's a negative space and they will be pulled into that space.


That's the big thing that we don't understand about cultivating motivation in other people. We need to give them space, not push. Hmm. Anytime I push a human being, they will resist. That is human psychology. Psychology 1 0 1. That's why we do this. Reverse psychology and stuff like that. You'll see it in your kids. Put on your jacket, then put on your shoes. No, I wanna put on my shoes. Then I wanna put on my jacket. We wanna flip it around. Which one do you wanna put on first? You're A genius. I don't know if I'm a genius. I've had teachers who are geniuses. So what is it? If you had to summarize it, Dr. K, that really keeps us stuck. I'd say the main thing that keeps us stuck is that we are controlled by our mind.


So then if the mind wants to go this way in one day and it's not stuck, it is moving back and forth. Say that again because we do use the word I feel stuck. I feel stuck. But you're saying that's actually the wrong word and it's inaccurate. Yes. So, so a lot of times, like when I work with people who are like stuck in life, okay, so they'll say like, I'm stuck and I have no motivation. This is incorrect. It's not that you have no motivation, it's that you have a very powerful motivation to not move, right? So if you try to move, what happens? A pile of resistance, a arises within you that has been dormant, and it says, don't go outside. Let it go. Don't pick the fight. Walk on eggshells.


Don't piss off your boss. Stay seated. Don't do anything. That's powerful motivation. It's not a lack of motivation. And now I think that my cup is empty when it's actually full and I keep on adding water to it, and it spills all over the place because I have misdiagnosed the problem. Proper treatment comes from proper diagnosis. So for anybody that's stuck, the first thing you just revealed is you're actually not stuck. You're highly motivated, you're in conflict. And what is the next thing you need to do if you don't wanna stay in that conflict with yourself? Or I'm motivated not to make waves. I'm motivated not to go to the gym. I'm motivated to not try to fix this thing and just stay pissed off where I am.


What is the next thing? Once you realize, oh, wait a minute, I'm not stuck. I'm like in this highly negative, motivated place. Everyone assumes there's a next thing. Oh, so science even tells us, and this is what the yogis tell us, that awareness precedes control. So technically all you need to do is be aware of the conflict. So let's understand the experience of someone who is stuck. So you wanna do something and something arises within you. Your caught off guard, right? This is a positive thing. I should, this would make me feel good. I went on this date. I don't even feel good about myself. I'm lonely. Let me go out and make friends. I go outside now. I'm socially anxious. I don't wanna be here. I'm burnt out. I'm an introvert.


Let me go back home. Yeah. So we're just getting ping ponged around by ourselves, and we delude ourselves into thinking that going out is gonna fix our loneliness. We don't think about how it's just gonna increase my social anxiety. This is what stuckness is. It's a lot of irrelevant movement. So awareness is the most important thing. There's also a really fascinating study which shows that what we perceive as willpower, technically in the brain, this is gonna sound kind of confusing, is monitoring of conflict. We think about willpower as overcoming a conflict, but part of the brain that exerts willpower is a monitoring of conflict. I want everyone who's listening to really pay attention to this. I want you to really think about this. When you are trying to exert willpower, there is a struggle.


In the moment that you fail, you stop paying attention to the conflict. If you really pay attention, you will find that as long as you are conflicted, the willpower is active. That's why you're conflicted. But the moment that you give up, the moment the willpower wins or loses, the conflict disappears. So the only way that you can actually increase your willpower is by forcing yourself to do things that make you stay in conflict. So if you force yourself to go to the gym today, if you force yourself to not have a drink at happy hour, if you force yourself to sit in the stacks in the library and study chemistry for two hours, even though you don't want to, even though it's hard, even though it's painful, I think about this.


When I climb into the ice barrel, I hate doing it. I feel that conflict that you're talking about in my body and brain as I'm walking to the barrel, as I'm taking off my sweatshirt, as I'm stepping into the icy cold water, I freaking hate it. And the conflict itself and that wrestling with it is what's making you stronger? Isn't that right? Let's stop and think about your experience, right? You're walking, walking, conflict, conflict, conflict. Well, the second I think about it, I'm like, I gotta do this thing today. It begins there. It begins like an hour before I even do the damn thing. And so then you're monitoring the conflict, monitoring the conflict, monitoring the conflict. So notice that even in your example, you didn't decide to go in.


What do you mean? So, so you said, I don't wanna do this, I don't wanna do this, I don't wanna do this. Right? And then you get in. Yes. Most people perceive that, okay, you make a decision and then you're calm, and then you go do the thing. That's not what happens. No. You're conflicted, conflicted, conflicted. Until it, it happens, Right? You don't make a decision. You're just monitoring the conflict. Monitoring conflict, monitoring, conflict. And then the thing happens. I just got something. I think for my whole life, I have looked at people that have discipline and willpower as people who can calmly without any conflict walk up to an ice barrel and calmly sit in. And I think that willpower means that they somehow can do these things that are very difficult without any internal friction.


What you just taught me, Dr. K, is you just taught us no, willpower is conflict and the ability to stay in it. Yes. So once you have an understanding of something, then it's easy to do the right thing or not do the right thing. So I work with people who are addicted, right? Right. So they'll say for the first couple years it's hard. And oftentimes they'll have a moment where they like have this flash of insight. And this is a very common experience for people. Oh, now I get it. This is no longer difficult. Now I get it. This is no longer difficult. That's what we should be cultivating understanding. Because once the brain truly understands the risk benefit ratio, once it understands the consequences of your actions, this is what I see when it comes to eating healthy, going to the gym.


It is about cultivating understanding because then the behavior will flow naturally. So what are the ways in which we can cultivate understanding? So there's one big mistake that most human beings make, which is not dwelling. After an action is completed, we distract ourselves. And that's a mistake. That's A mistake. Okay? So what we need to be doing is sitting with the consequences of our actions, whether they're good or bad. This is the other thing that we don't do. Very common in imposter syndrome, by the way, is we don't sit with the positive outcomes. So like when you do something, well, when you get an A, you don't sit down for 15 minutes on a park bench and think to yourself, what did I do to get to this point? How did I get this? A? What do I need to improve?


What should I be grateful for? Right? Because for a lot of people who are very successful, it's constantly moving goalposts. There's no sense of gratitude, there's no sense of resting. And this is why everyone's so burnt out. Because no matter how much you get, you have to do better. You got a million followers on Instagram, now you need 2 million, you got a 2 million. You never give yourself a pat on the back. It's always the next thing. It's always the next promotion. We never sit with the consequences of our actions. Why is this important? Because there's research that shows that giving your brain time to mull on the consequences of your actions. You don't even need to come to a conclusion or anything like that. This is what's super cool about it. Just giving your brain space to process reinforces the behavior. If it's a negative behavior, it'll reduce.


If it's a positive behavior, it'll increase. So let's Put this into a normal person's life. Okay? Okay. So let's use the example of you are focusing on just taking a walk for 30 minutes a day. Yeah. Okay. I did it in the day. Okay. Just today. Yep. Two today. Not worrying about being consistent, not worrying about doing it for 30 days in a row. I'm gonna focus on today, I'm gonna take a 30 minute walk. If we do the walk, what do you want us to do in terms of to dwell on what we just did? So For two or three minutes? Yep. Sit after you're done with the walk. Or even stop halfway. You don't have to do it at the end. Say, how do we feel about this? Was this a good thing?


Was this a bad thing? What was hard about it? Just notice that behavior and let whatever thoughts come come. If you do that, you'll say, You know, it was difficult to do, but I'm really glad I did it. And that's where you, you get behavioral reinforcement. That's when you have an understanding this was worth it. Let's say the converse happens. You said, today I'm gonna find time to update my resume. And then the day goes by and you catch yourself at the end of the day and you've been scrolling for two hours, and now you're like in that mode where you beat yourself up and you're about to get back in that stuck mode. How do we use dwelling to help us wake up tomorrow and follow through?


Great question. So now what we wanna do is, when I say dwelling, I mean awareness. So if you trigger your mental habits of beating yourself up, you're not actually learning. You're just going through a mental habit of like shame and beating yourself up. So anytime you have a failure, the mind has a tendency to trigger autopilot. Shame, self blame. If you're narcissist, you're gonna blame other people. What I encourage you to do is if you had a goal for the day that you didn't hit, stop for a second, right? Let's think, okay, what do you think about this goal? Was this reasonable to do? Where does the desire for this goal come from? What got in the way? And we know this from like business perspectives, right? We in, in, in medicine, we literally have something called an autopsy where we sit and we, we have a postmortem, and we look at what went wrong, what went right.


This gets applied in the business world, but we don't do this in our personal lives. We default to, I should have done this next time. Let me fix it. Don't even jump to fixing it. That's too far. Hold on a second. Take a big step back. Was this reasonable in the first place? Because when we jump automatically to fixing it, we are not acknowledging that hungry part of ourself that wants to be better. And so in that wanting signs us up for like unreasonable things. Hmm. I wanna work on the resume. I want that to be done. Why do I want it to be finished? Because I'm tired of having this hangover my head. Ah, I see. So your motivation to finish the resume is running away from negativity.


If your motivation is running away from negativity and you sit down and work at your resume, is it joyful? Are you having a blast? No. That induces negativity. So now we're ping ponging between negativity and negativity, and then something beautiful will happen. As you go through this awareness process, you look at this and then you, you realize in your mind, okay, there's no way to win this 'cause it's all negative. So now I have a choice. Do I wanna be negative for one day or do I wanna be negative every day until this gets done? And then they will finish the resume. It'll happen. So naturally it'll happen so effortlessly. If you really look at your life, there are things that are hard for you. But one day it becomes easy.


One day your mind just understands, oh my God, this is idiotic, this relationship is not working. And then we we default to there too. Yeah. Right? So it's, it's awareness. Hold on a second. Notice your reactions to things. Don't even try to steer yourself a particular way. And the more that we notice our reactions, the more that they melt away. And the more your resistance to doing what needs to get done kind of melts away. And sort of the obvious rises to the top. That Is detachment the resistance to the difficult thing. Because if we think about what is resistance, it is being attached to the opposite, right? So I resist going to the gym because I'm attached to not feeling embarrassed because everyone else is in shape.


So it is my attachment to feeling embarrassment. It's the avoidance of the negative thing is what I'm attached to. So I can't do the correct behavior. What you're teaching us to do is to tap into the deeper wiring and mechanism of the brain and the body to have it help us move toward the things that we want to feel in our life and that we want to be doing in our lives. Instead of being in a constant state of conflict with ourselves and feeling out of control. And I got so much out of this, And I would love for you to speak directly to the person listening. There are so many things that you taught us today and made us think about differently.


But if there was one action or one thing that rises to the top that you would want the person to really put into action in their life, what would it be? If you speak directly to them, Here's what I'd say. We are way too obsessed with fixing things. You want your life to be different, right? You're saying this needs to change, this needs to change, this needs to change. But that's only one part of you. There's another part of you that doesn't want things to be different, right? That wants to stay at home, that wants to sit, hit the snooze button that doesn't want to ever go on a date again. And if you want to master your life, you need to take control of all parts of you.


You need to understand all parts of you. And we spend way too much time trying to fix our problems without even understanding where did this come from? How does this manifest? How does it affect me? So spend a little bit more time or a lot more time with yourself, understanding your conflict. Don't even try to fix your problems. Just understand them. Where does this come from? What is the experience of this in my life? Like in a moment to moment, what does my struggle actually look like? Where does my drive to change come from? 'cause a lot of that crap is societal conditioning and trying to keep up with the Joneses and all this kind of stuff too. And, and just spend time with yourself and understanding yourself.


Because the more that you understand yourself, the more you will understand. Here's where the gas pedal is. Here's where the brake is, here's where the steering wheel is. See we're, we're looking at what everyone else is doing. We're looking out the windshield and we're seeing everybody else driving their car. And we're not even looking inside our own car. And then we wonder, why does our car keep on getting into a wreck? Why doesn't it go where other people's car goes? I can see it moving forward. How do I get it there? Start with understanding yourself. And once you understand yourself, because you are a unique human being with a unique set of levers that control your emotions and your behaviors and motivations and all that kind of stuff, and you're trying to use other people's answer for your unique genetics, your unique circumstances, your unique karma, and instead understand yourself first.


Just spend some time paying attention. That's the one thing that needs to change. If that changes, then you will be amazed at how easy everything else will. It'll be like dominoes, where once you understand yourself, then a lot of things will start going positive in your life. Oh my God, I feel so encouraged. Dr. K? Dr. K, what are your parting words? So this is what I would say. I think the biggest mistake that most people make Right now is that their shortcomings are manufactured. That you can have an objectively bad situation in life. I'm not saying that that's the case, but the biggest take is there's the actual problem and there's the crap that you do to yourself because of the problem.


Now, one of those things is actually in your control and one of them is out of your control. The tragedy of life is that we get them confused. So I can't control whether I get into medical school, But I can control whether I beat myself up. And what is it that actually determines my success in life? It's not whether I get into medical school. It's whether I beat myself up. And that's the only thing that we can control because for medical school, someone else needs to agree to get someone to marry me. Someone else needs to agree. I can't control the world. I can just control myself. And we're so busy trying to control the world instead of controlling ourselves that we end up shooting ourselves in the foot. 'cause we're controlling something that's uncontrollable. And then no wonder we're shame. No wonder we're behind because I'm trying to drive somebody else's car. It's impossible.


So spend more time focusing on what you do to yourself. I think my heart just broke a little because when you really put it that way, that we are obsessed with fixing all these manufactured problems, like trying to keep up with other people or trying to drive other people's car, we end up just spending so much time beating ourselves up. And that you said it so beautifully that if you only really looked at that one thing, like you can control whether or not you beat yourself up. You cannot control whether those people are gonna hire you for that job or whether even the weight is gonna fall off, or whether you will go 70 days or 700 days or 70 years never having alcohol.


You cannot control what other people are going to do. But you can truly wake up every day and just focus on the actions that you take, which are in your control. You apply again, you apply to the next job, you go to the gym again. And then you also can control whether or not you beat yourself up during the process. Absolutely. And how much would your life fucking change if you simply were able to focus on the actions and not be so hard on yourself? Dr. K, it has just been really amazing, like us to spend time with you today. My head is just spinning Right now. I know I don't need to go do anything. I'm just in the moment with you and I, I, I am getting really choked up because I really hope that as you are listening, that you take this to heart.


Because what I see in everything that you're talking about is how much pain we cause ourselves because we just don't know where the gas pedal is, where the brake is, where the wheel is, and these things, when you explain it and you go deep, but then you kind of rise up. No, no, no, just this is what you can do. It just feels so dumb that we are hurting ourselves this way. 'cause we don't know. I get choked up too. 'cause I, I see the real tragedy of this is that it's avoidable. Well, the real gift is that you're helping us see it so we can avoid it. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And thank you for being here with us. And please share this with people that you love.


Dr. K will make a huge difference in their life. If you got something out of this, please hit subscribe. That tells us that you loved it. Please check out Dr. K's channel and his book, and in case nobody else tells you, I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you. I believe in you, and I believe in your ability to take everything that you learned today and put it to use to help you create a more meaningful life. Alright, I'll talk to you in a few days. Doctor. Dr. Fricking KI never knew this. Holy smokes. Also, if you smell lemon, it's because we have to use like a little lemon oil to pull my lipstick off these cups.


Okay? They're not dirty. It smells amazing. Okay, I gotta get my legs up here going like, oh, But, but no, I could actually do it, but my, I, I guess because my pelvis is so wide, I don't think I could do it in this chair. Also, can I ask for a quick favor? Of course. I didn't bring any chapstick, but my lips are super dry. Sure. What do you need? I've got something in my purse. Lemme go grab it for you. Anything You need. Y'all are so kind. Okay. Gotcha. Awesome. You guys don't have to do it. Okay. Oh, and one more thing. And no, this is not a blooper, this is the legal language. You know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you.


This podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes. I'm just your friend. I am not a licensed therapist. And this podcast is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician, professional coach, psychotherapist, or other qualified professional. Got it. Good. I'll see you in the next episode, Stitcher. Hey, it's your friend Mel. If you love the Mel Robbins Podcast, you're gonna love this. If you wanna hear new episodes ad free, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts on Apple Podcasts and start your free trial today.