
Hey, it's friend Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. Every once in a while you meet a rare person who just touches your heart. Your shoulders drop the second they start speaking. They clear the fog in your head, they change your perspective on life, and they drop these major life lessons and somehow manage to say exactly what you need to hear, exactly when you need to hear it. When you're with someone like that, you don't just feel better, you are better. You're grounded, hopeful, and reminded of what really matters. Well, today you're about to meet someone just like that, his name, judge Frank Caprio.


Now, you might not recognize the name, but I guarantee you, you have seen him before. Maybe you watched his television show that shot in the Rhode Island courtroom. It was on TV for over 25 years. Or maybe you've seen his viral videos from that show that have been viewed more than 10 billion times. That's more views than there are people on the planet. Judge Caprio is a living vault of life. Wisdom forged through poverty, decades on the bench cancer, and 88 years of deeply lived experience. He's become a global symbol of what matters at a time when people are yearning for decency, perspective, and purpose. His voice couldn't be more needed right now.


See, he treats every person he meets like a human being, like a friend, a family member, and he changes lives because of it. Judge Caprio is a refreshing reminder of what's important in life, that kindness is power, And that purpose isn't what you do, it's how you do it, And that every person, yes, that means you has worth a good life. It is built on how you show up for other people. So take a breath and let's settle in. Whether you've had a rough day or a rough week, or what feels like a rough forever, things are about to get better because Judge Caprio is gonna hand you life lessons. You'll never forget lessons so many people learn too late.


But because you're here today, you won't.


Introducing the new Dell, A IPC, powered by the Intel core Ultra processor. It helps do your busy work for you so you can fast forward through editing images, designing presentations, generating code debugging, code summarizing, meeting notes, finding files, managing your schedule, responding to Jim's long emails, leaving all the time in the world for the things you actually want to do. No offense, Jim. Get a new Dell a I PC starting at 7 49 99 at dell.com/ai-pc. How those ahead? Stay ahead.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's Rewards for free today. Loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions, details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Hey, it's your friend, Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. I am so excited that you're here with me today. It's always an honor to spend time together. And today in particular, I'm excited because you and I are gonna get to meet and spend some time with somebody I have admired for decades. If you're new to the podcast, I also wanted to take a moment and personally welcome you to The Mel Robbins Podcast family because you made the time to listen to this particular episode. Here's what I know about you. First of all, you value your time and you wanna use your time to learn life lessons that will help you create a better life. You also wanna be reminded of what matters, and I promise you, you will be today, and you might even need to grab a Kleenex because this is gonna be a conversation you'll never forget, and you're definitely gonna wanna share that with the people you love.


And because our expert today doesn't just touch lives, he changes them. I wanted to say something else. If you're here right now, because somebody shared This episode with you, I just wanna point out something super cool. It means you have people in your life that care about you, and they want you to experience the magic and the wisdom of Judge Frank Caprio. So thank you. Thank you for taking the time to hit play, and thank you for being here with me. The life lessons you're about to learn, they're gonna stay with you forever, and a lot of this conversation, it's gonna remind you of what you know to be true about life, and I love conversations like that. So let me tell you about America's nicest judge.


88 Year Old Frank Caprio. Judge Caprio had its show on public television for 25 years that was shot in his courtroom in Rhode Island, but he has become an online sensation in his eighties because videos from that television show have started to go viral. These are videos that make people smile, laugh, ugly, cry, and believe in humanity again, all at the same time. In every video, there's Judge Caprio sitting up on the bench with his robe on, and he is listening to people explain why they can't pay the parking ticket or the traffic fine, or the speeding ticket, or why they need the boot off their car, even though they can't afford to pay for it to get removed. And here's the thing about Judge Caprio.


He doesn't just hear the excuses. He sees the struggle behind them. He sees parents scrambling to get kids to school, workers hustling to get to their shifts, people doing the best that they can while barely scraping by. And if you're sitting there thinking, well, wait a minute, aren't judges supposed to judge? Well, your Honor, judge Caprio is here to set the record straight with the best lessons and insights from his remarkable 88 years of life experience, and almost 40 years as a municipal judge. His courtroom show caught in Providence, started on public access television in Rhode Island back in 2000. You know, just a little local broadcast, but then something wild happened, oh, exploded, syndicated on 200 stations, four Emmy nominations, and today it is taken over the world.


Online. Judge Caprio's kind words, best advice and everyday wisdom, have amassed over 10 billion views worldwide. And he's 88 years old, and he has 2.9 million followers on Instagram, 1.4 million followers on TikTok, 2 million followers on Facebook, half a million subscribers, and over a hundred million views on YouTube. Not bad for somebody who considers himself quote, retired. He's also gonna share with you that he's been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, and he's here today to show you what it's like to weather life's challenges with charm and humor and heart.


Now, this man may be from the smallest state in the United States, but I think he has one of the biggest hearts of anyone alive today. Judge Caprio is now a bestselling author of the fabulous book, compassion in the Court. And yesterday he gave the commencement address at Providence College. But today he's here for you and me. And if you're watching this on YouTube, he has got his son David and his son Frank, in tow today. And you're gonna see them smiling, laughing, and wiping away the tears here in the studio as they listen to their father. Share the wisdom you need to know. And I guarantee you, after you spend time with Judge Caprio today, you're gonna feel lighter and happier and more optimistic, because that's just the way he moves through life.


So please help me welcome the Honorable Judge Frank Caprio to The Mel Robbins Podcast. First of all, I gotta say I am so excited Judge Caprio, that you are here. It is an honor to meet you, your honor. Well, you have a pretty good reputation yourself. Well, that's a very, very kind thing to say, especially coming from somebody who's as respected as you are. Thank you. Well, thank you. You know, here's how I wanna start. Judge Caprio, you are 88 years old. You have millions of followers on social media. So many of us were introduced to you because you were on television for 25 years and became known as America's nicest judge.


What has 40 years on the bench and 88 years on this planet taught you about life? Help other people lift other people, particularly the unfortunate, the disabled, those in need, the hungry, you know, it doesn't take much. Sometimes it's just a matter of being nice and putting your hand on their shoulder and telling them that you believe in them. And if there's anything I could ever do to help you, like let me know. You know, it is not a heavy lift at all for, for us, for them it's like lifting a mountain, you know? But just them letting them know that you care.


It's not always giving, it's just giving of yourself. That I, I always make the reference of put your hand on someone's shoulder. Tell them you love them. Tell them you believe in them, particularly your children and close associates, and people who are in despair, who are going through crisis. Just let them know that you care, that you care. It's very, so important. You know, I love that about you. You as a judge and as a human being, always take a person's story into consideration. And I think it's remarkable. At the age of 88, you're a retired judge, you also are a bonafide social media phenomenon, and you are known as America's nicest judge.


Why do you think it's important to be kind and nice to people? Because people look up to judiciary sometimes in a way that's terrifying now, and unfortunately it's not nice for me to say this, but unfortunately, some judges put a robe on and they think it gives them the ability to take certain excesses that I don't appreciate or agree with. You know, I think that you have an obligation, though. You have that robe on, you know, and you have all of this authority, you know, and I always place myself in the shoes of the person before me.


Hmm. You know, it's a working guy with four kids. It's a mother, you know, it's, and they're tremble even. It doesn't make any difference who they are. They're trembling they before a judge. They don't know what's going to happen. You know, when the judges up there, you know, many judges, they take themselves seriously. They say, oh, there, oh, I the robot. And you know, I'm the boss here. And This isn. I mean, I never subscribed to that theory, you know, I always thought that you could be understanding and compassionate. It's very simple. It's what I was taught at my house. I was raised that way. My, my parents, you know, my father was one of 10, my mother was one of eight.


I had 18 aunts and uncles. One was more compassionate than the other. The basic unit of societies, the family unit, and everything springs from that. You know, one of the things that I also know about you is that you became famous and beloved for giving people second chances. And so here you are a judge, and you are usually working with people, or you're presiding over cases where people have parking fines, traffic violations. But you always sought to understand what was going on with somebody. Why do you believe people deserve second chances, judge?


Well, tell me who doesn't need a second chance in life? In other words, go through your life and think of all those times that you were given a break or a second chance. It's just the words understanding and compassionate, you know, and not just words. They sound nice. Say, oh, it's wonderful. He's compassionate. What does that mean? You know, it's the exercise of being compassionate and understanding. And it's very simple. I just put myself in the shoes of the person before me. You know, I, I had a difficult, that's not the right word, but a very interesting bringing up. I came from a poor family and we have stories about things that we couldn't have and places we went that people didn't think we belonged because we were poor and, and all of that.


And my father was like a rock, you know, he, I'm a working man, and he'd wear his milkman uniform, you know, he didn't care. He'd wear it to a Christmas ball, you know? And it was brought up to always take other people into consideration. So what did you learn from your dad By riding on the milk truck and going on the delivery route? I learned how to treat people. But my father's example, you know, my, my father was a very understanding person. One simple example is he was, he worked for a big company and they had a standard rule that if someone did not pay their milk bill after two weeks, you stop delivery.


That was AC company's policy. My father had his own policy, if they have children, he wasn't stopping the milk. He didn't how far behind they were. And as a matter of fact, many times he'd put in, back in those days, it was a lot of money. He put in a dollar or two, towed their milk bill to tell us his superiors. They're making it an effort to pay, and they have children. And he, he stood them down, you know, a nice big sign on the truck. It says, no, he wasn't supposed to be on the truck unless you worked for the company, except my brother and I. My father would wake us up and we were rider, you know, And carriers of the milk probably too.


Right? Right, right, right. You write in your remarkable book, compassion in the Court about one of the most impactful moments in your life. You were in sixth grade, you were about to graduate and something happened. Could you tell us that story? I'm not sure if they still do this, But you, when you left the sixth grade, you went to middle school and it was a big deal. And we all had an autograph book, you know, and our friends would sign it, you know, If you are thirsty and you're near a spring, you know, all of that, All the funny stuff the kids write, right? So my father came home from work one day and he was tired and he had his milkman uniform on and he was reading the newspaper, and I had my autograph book.


I had no, I had my mother sign the autograph book first. I said, mom, you wanna sign the book? She signed three pages. Love mom, you know, I love you. So I asked my father, I said, dad, will you sign my book? And he didn't. So he just preached for it and he put it down and he just was staring at it for what seemed like a long time, probably a couple of minutes, trying to think of what he was going to say, you know, to his 12 Year Old son who's gonna go to middle school. The street is wide, the road is long and very bumpy and very tough going, but I know that you'll proceed along and honorably with your head held high to the end of the highest earning.


And then the line that really got me here was from your dad, Antonio Caprio Junior. My father was born in Italy. You know, he came here with his parents. He wanted to make sure that this document was accurate. So it wasn't just your dad, you know, Antonio, Antonio Caprio Jr. This is an official document with my legal name, and I really mean it. From the bottom of my heart is what he was saying to me. I still have that book. It's in the right hand drawer of my desk, you know? And I keep it.


What do you think your dad was trying to say to you in that phrase? My dad was trying to say to me, listen, we don't have the resources to, to give you material things in life. The road is tough going, it's very tough going, so you're gonna have to be a little bit tougher than the next person. And you are gonna have to study hard. And you constantly was saying, you have to go to college, you have to go to college. I'm reading to you from page 43, and you write, and you're reflecting on what your father said. My father was not educated, but he had the soul of a poet. I have read that message a thousand times.


His words touched me to this day. And I still find myself trying to make him proud and live up to his high expectations. For me to successfully navigate the wide street and long and bumpy road, we all need a moral compass. I wasn't told how to be moral. I learned by watching others. Most importantly, the fine examples set by my mother and father. And they did set a really big example for you and your father kept saying, go to college. And so you did. Tell me about going to college and what happened next in your life.


My father was one of 10, and he was considered the smartest one of the family. He was right in the middle. And unfortunately, he couldn't go to college because of the financial position. Family of 10 immigrated from Italy. They were, they were fruit pedalers with a push cutt. So my father's dream always was to go to college, and it was not afforded to him, but he wanted to make sure that my brother and I both had an education. And he would wake us up at four o'clock in the morning and we'd go to work on the truck. And he would constantly say, If you don't wanna do this, you're gonna go to college. You can. He just drove that into us.


And it worked because a lot of my friends, you know, after high school, you know, we had no money and they went out and got a job and then they were able to buy a car, you know, and they, they had some material things that I didn't have. And it was a temptation to go, not to go to college, to go out and get a job, but it was my father's dream that we do that. And he impressed it upon it so much that there was, it was a no brainer for me that I had to go Judge Caprio, I'm so grateful that you're here. I wanna take a quick pause so we can give our amazing sponsors a chance to share a few words. I also wanna give you a chance to share this incredible conversation with people that you care about.


Everybody needs some Judge Caprio in their life. So take a minute and share this and don't go anywhere. We are just digging into these life lessons. And Judge Caprio and I will be waiting for you after a short break. So stay with us.


You know what makes life easier? One place that actually has everything. Groceries, checks, snacks for the week. Yep. School supplies, toiletries, that random thing your kid forgot to mention until 9:00 PM All of it. One stop. That's Walmart. You can count on Walmart per prescriptions too, with the Walmart app. Managing medications for the whole family. Simple need to transfer a prescription done. Time for a refill. Just tap. You can even get your meds delivered right to your door so you're not spending another afternoon in line when you got a million other things going on. Couldn't be easier. One less thing to remember. One less thing to worry about. Walmart for the win. Switch your prescriptions to Walmart pharmacy delivery not available for all prescriptions. Exclusions apply.


You ever stop and think about how much you pack into a single day. You're getting kids out the door, racing to work, wiping up spills, picking up after the dog, tackling dishes, laundry, all of it. It never ends. If you're already doing all that, shouldn't you get something back for it? Of course you should. With p and g Good every day, you can earn cash back and savings for buying the products that keep you going. From morning routines to midnight messes. They got you covered. It's totally free to join. And you'll unlock exclusive coupons, cashback rebates, and awesome prizes. Save big on over 60 p and g brands with the new Brand Saver digital coupon program all from your phone. Right now enter for a chance to win their biggest prize bundle ever, a p and g prize pack with Tide gain, cascade, Olay, and more valued at over $1,000. Enter as many times as you want for your chance to win through June 30th. No purchase necessary adults. 18 plus, start saving hundreds of dollars on your favorite brands today. Sign up for free@pgcoupons.com slash Mel, when everything else keeps getting Brier, like paying the bills or buying groceries.


GoodRx helps keep your prescription costs low. From diabetes to allergy relief to heart health. You can save up to 80% on prescriptions for you and your family. And your pets too. And check this out. GoodRx is free and it's easy to use. Just go to GoodRx before every trip to the pharmacy and you'll find big savings on both brand and generic medications. You search for your prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Compare prices and get a coupon to show your pharmacist. That's it. You can use GoodRx to save at over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Kroger, and so many more. GoodRx is not insurance, but works whether you have insurance or not. GoodRx might even beat your insurance copay price. Beat high prices at the pharmacy and save up to 80% with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ Mel. That's goodrx.com/ Mel.


Welcome back. It's your buddy Mel Robbins. Today, you and I are getting to spend time with the remarkable judge, Frank Caprio. We are learning life lessons from his extraordinary 88 years and 40 years on the bench. So Judge Caprio, where did you go to college and did you know Pro Providence College? You Went to Providence College. Did you know you wanted to be a lawyer? My father, when I was, I don't, I must have been 12 years old. We lived in what they called a cold water flat, which meant we didn't have heat, central heat. We had an old potbelly stove. And I recall it like it happened like five minutes ago that my, my brother and myself, and it was freezing that day.


And we were sitting, they kept the oven door open so we could get some heat. My father would talk about things in life and so forth. And he was saying to my brother, this is what you're gonna do in life and so forth. And he said to me, he says, you're a good talker. These are his words. And yeah, I was 12 years old and I still remember them. He says, you're a good talker. You are gonna be a warrior someday. It was like an idiot coming down from heaven. I never wanted to be or do anything else except be a lawyer. As a matter of fact, when I was in middle school, we had to write a career book in the eighth grade.


My career book was on being a lawyer, you know? And when I went to school, my courses were all geared toward going into the legal profession. And it was just that one sentence that my father said to me. And if I remember it correctly, he put his hand on my shoulder. He put his hand on my shoulder. You could have said you're gonna be president of the United States. No, no, no, no, I'm gonna be a lawyer. My father said, I'm gonna be a good lawyer. And then my father said, and this still remains with me, he said, remember, you can't judge. Poor people like us, can't judge poor people like us. And then he said, but don't worry because you make it up with the rich people.


Those were his exact words. I was 12 years old. And can I tell you something? My law office has never charged a poor family. Never. And we won't. It is amazing because you're right, it is like it came straight down from heaven because he basically told you what was gonna happen. That you would be successful like the rich people. But you would never, ever, ever judge the poor. I think more parents should do that. You know, sometimes, sometimes parents think the way they can get their kids to succeed is by berating them. You have to encourage them, let them know you believe in them.


And you did that every day in court. It was absolutely amazing to watch. 'cause you didn't just talk it, you showed it. When you graduated from college, did you go straight to law school or, I, I determined when I was a junior in, in college, that I would not have enough money to go to law school. So I'd have to get a job teaching. And, but I had majored in political science, which was gonna, which I thought would prepare me for law school, which doesn't incidentally, it prepares you for political science. It does not prepare you for law school. But there was this misconception that, oh, you take political science, that's a, a pretty good entrance into law.


It's not actually, business is a better entrance into law for all you kids out there who want to go to college and then to law school, major in business. I was a wrestling coach as well. Yeah. I taught at Hope, hope High School in Providence, Rhode Island. And how did teaching high school and coaching a wrestling team, what did that teach you about life? Well, life's life's lesson than me. There's all the things that they taught you when you were younger. You know, If you don't give up, If you say you stay the course, you know, you find a way to do it. It's hard work, But you will survive. So I always did what I had to do. But my final goal was law school.


Yeah, law school. 'cause my father said to me, you are gonna be a lawyer. Right. And I wanted to be a lawyer after that. 'cause I never wanted to be anything else. How long did you teach before you, because you went to law school at night, Suffolk. I went nights, yeah, four years. Okay. Yeah, I taught for six years. So you taught for six years and then while you were teaching, you went to law school at night? Yes. Wow. And what did that period of your life teach you? Just keep going. There's a will, there's a way you can figure it out. There never was, there never was. All poor me and I, and I used to drive me and a friend of mine would drive up to law school and then he dropped out.


So I, I drive up alone sometimes. I took the train one time I got stuck right outside the Lafayette house and had to hitchhike the rest of the way to school. Well, there's one thing about you. Once you lock your mind on something, you're gonna find a way. Oh Yeah. I'm gonna find a way. So what kind of law did you practice before you? General law. General law. General law. And how did you come to be elected to become a judge? First of all, I ran for the Providence City Council when I was a lawyer. And I ran against the president of the city council, who was a very powerful individual. He had been in the co, he had been in the council for 35 years.


He was considered the most powerful figure in providence. More powerful than the mayor. And it was a remarkable victory back then. What happened when you won? I won. I was the boss. That's Fantastic. So when did you decide to run and become a judge? Or how were you appointed to become a judge? Actually, I was appointed by the city council because it's a municipal judge. Got it. Judge ship, you know. Okay. So I had my friends on the council, and I had the, the councilman from my district and the mayor supporting me. I had a pretty good record in public life. So I was, I wasn't exactly an unknown. Now were you excited to be a judge?


Is it something that you thought you wanted to do? Or did somebody recommended it to? Well, this judge, This judgeship was ideal for me because it's, it's a part-time judgeship. 'cause I could never have support of five kids on a judge's salary, particularly a municipal judge's salary. So, so I was able to be a, i I was actually a part-time judge. I was the chief judge, and there were two other judges. But it wasn't a, I could still practice law while I was practicing on the court as well. If not, I could, I would never have been able to take the job. So in your incredible book, chapter 19, you write about the first day as a judge.


Oh yeah. And what it taught you about compassion. Would you be able to tell us that story about what happened the first day you I'm on, I get elected. No, I'm, I'm a judge. I got the robe right. I'm gonna go, I'm the boss. I'm gonna sit on the bench and this is it now. Right. I have arrived. So I said to my father, I said, dad, you know, my first day on the bench, he said, I'll come down and watch. I said, good. Come down. Love for you to come down. Come down. So I'm there and I'm, I am really full of myself. You know, I'm, I'm a judge now. Me, you know, all rise, please. Everybody rises and so forth.


It's so crazy. So this woman comes before me. She owed, I dunno, she had a boot on her car. I dunno what she owed a couple hundred dollars in tickets and she couldn't pay them. So I said, well, If you don't pay it, I, I'm not gonna take the boot off the car. And she says, I just don't have the money. I don't have the money, and I have four kids. It's my first day on the bench. No one's gonna bully me around. Right. So I says, well, you owe the money, and If you don't, we're gonna leave the boot on the car. She said, I don't have the money. I have to get my kids to school. So I said, I'm sorry, continue the case. We'll give you a couple of days to come in. Right.


And my father's in the courtroom, after court's over, my father comes into the chambers. I said to the sheriff, how'd my father come in chambers? I'm so happy. I said, dad, how did it go? He said, how did it go? How, how did, how could you do that? How could I do what he said, that woman, I said, she was disrespectful. You know, I said, she wasn't respecting the court. I said, I wasn't gonna take care of her. He said, Frank, she had four kids. I suppose she can't feed the kids tonight if she paid those tickets. She has no, she doesn't have a car. She can't drive 'em to school. What are you doing? You weren't brought up that way.


My first day on the court set the tone of my judgeship of over 30 years after that, I took everybody's personal situation into consideration in the imposition of a sentence. And I, that case still bothers me. It still bothers me that this day, when I think about it to my, I say to myself, how could you do that? You know, with my upbringing and so forth. And I don't know why my first day is my case. This woman, she was, she was insulting to begin with. But you have to overcome that. 'cause she was scared And she was scared to death. Right? Yes. As my father said, well, I think she was a gift to you because you write in this book on page one 10, the lesson was that being a judge is much more about the person in front of you.


Right. Than it is about the law. Since then, I've always tried to find out what was really going on with the person. And I always considered how my ruling would impact not only them, but their whole family. Right. Like, If you really think about that, And I did that. Those aren't the only words. I did that. Yes. Yes you did. You did that for over 30 years. Right. And I think you needed that case with your father sitting there to be reminded of who you are. We all need those moments. You were just smart enough and wonderful enough to recognize what it was and to actually change.


Which is incredible. You know, if somebody is listening to you, judge, and they want to follow your advice of putting more kindness into the world, of being more compassionate towards other people, how can you practice that, particularly in a moment of time where things seem overwhelming, the headlines are stressful, the economy's all over the place. Or maybe you feel like, well, it's not gonna make a difference if I'm kind. What would you say to somebody? Place yourself in their shoes. Imagine that you were sitting there. 'cause it can happen to all of us, you know, tomorrow, we don't know what tomorrow's brings.


We've had many very wealthy people who ended up penniless, you know? And so I always have subscribed to that. I always place myself in the shoes of the person that was before me, and then try to exercise a modicum of compassionate understanding. Sometimes I went overboard. But you know what? I'd rather go overboard with compassion than go overboard with punishment. When you step into somebody else's shoes as a judge, you have seen people at their most vulnerable. You have seen them scared, you've seen them ashamed. What's something that you've learned from all of these interactions with people that really gives you hope about human beings and the world?


Because you have been in this amazing role as a judge. You step into people's shoes. You consider their circumstances. You always take into account how this is gonna impact the family. What do you believe is true about the true nature of every human being that stands before you? We're not in this world alone. We have to rely on other people For many necessities in life, for some of our needs, we have an obligation to use whatever resources we have our own resources to help others to make society better because of our contributions.


Those are the words we hear all the time. You know, dedicate yourself to a cause, give to charity. Help people. There's, they sound good, but put them in practice. I mean, I've seen people, I mean, for lack of a better term, we were frauds who are preaching this, but don't do it. People in public life, you know, they preach one thing and do another. My, my theory always was, you know, If you deserved an eight or, or If you, you deserve a six in sympathy. I gave you a 10 hoping that it would help you And that it would change your life. Judge Caprio, thank you for sharing what you just said. I am going to remember this conversation forever.


I wanna take a quick pause and give you a chance to share this wisdom and this extraordinary conversation with the people that you care about. And don't go anywhere because Judge Caprio and I are gonna be waiting for you after a short break. So stay with us.


So ever since publishing The Let Them Theory, I have been signing and sending a ton of copies of these books. And the other day I was trying to mail a bunch of them. And here's what that looked like. The printer that jammed every 10 minutes, a giant pile of manila envelopes and me tearing my hair out. Total disaster. I ran outta tape, missed a deadline, then it hit me. Why am I still dragging all this stuff to the post office? Why am I standing in line? Why don't I bring it all to me? stamps.com to the rescue? See, your time is your money, so don't waste it. amp.com is the expert you call. It's simple, it's faster, it's a lifesaver. It's basically a post office at your home or work. You get access to all the United States Postal Service and UPS services, right from your computer. They even send you a free scale. How awesome is that? amp.com saves me money and my team saves hours every week. We love it. Let stamps.com do what they do best so you can focus your time and money and what you do better. Go to stamps.com and use code Mel to sign up for a special offer. There's no contract required and you can cancel anytime. That's stamps.com code. Mel,


you always hear me talking about Quince because I've got a lot of clothing by them. And so do a lot of people on the team. And I swear every time someone orders, you fall more in love with this company. 'cause the quality is unreal. The prices make sense. The pieces look and feel way more expensive than they are. I'm talking 100% European linen shorts and dresses from $30 Lux swimwear, Italian leather platform sandals. You're gonna love them as much as I do. So whether you're going to Backyard Hangouts, beach weekends, run around town Quince done, done, and done. And here's what makes Quince different. They partner directly with top artisans and designers, and they cut out the middlemen and they bring you elevated timeless style without all the markup. Smart chic, the stuff you wear and repeat. And you're gonna feel incredible in. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to quince.com/ Mel for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Mel to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Mel.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. Let's talk about something and it doesn't get enough attention. Men's Mental Health, somewhere along the way, you guys were taught to just tough it out. Keep your head down power through. Don't talk about it. That's not strength, that's silence. Silence is heavy. Real strength is being honest about what you're feeling. It's saying I could use a little help right now. If you're carrying a lot pressure, stress the weight of expectations, having to take care of everyone, provide for everyone. You don't have to hold it alone. Better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served more than 5 million people globally, you can talk to a professional credentialed therapist and do it in a way that works for you on your schedule. And if the first match isn't a fit, just switch therapists anytime, no questions asked. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out with Better Help our listeners. That's you get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Mel Robbins. That's better. HE p.com/ Mel Robbins,


welcome back. It's your buddy Mel Robbins. And today we are spending time hearing the life changing stories from America's nicest judge Frank Caprio. So Judge Caprio, you know, you mentioned that you really regret how you handled that first case. How do you deal with regret the things that you wish you had done differently? I, It's a lesson just I haven't, I I never repeated it after that. And I was on the bench for 30 years after that. I never repeated it. I can't tell you how many times I was there. And I, neat jerk reaction. I wanted to really beg somebody and I says, You know what? I can't do that. They have kids at home. They probably won't be able to put food on the table tonight.


You know, to all of those things. You know, judge, your show caught in Providence, went on public access TV in Rhode Island about 25 years ago, and it later went into syndication all over the world. And now you are online, you have millions of followers. These clips inspire people around the world. I'm talking billions of views. Why do you think your work and your approach to life and relationships is resonating with people? Because it addresses decency, it addresses honor, it addresses all of those things that families are hoping for, for themselves.


And that's what it's all about. It addresses compassion and understanding. I don't just use those words when I was on the bench, you know, I exercise them, you know, and it's very simple. Just put yourself in the shoes of the person before you. How do you want them to treat you? Hmm. You have been just known and people follow you. Millions of people follow you because of the incredible advice that you give. What do you think the best advice is that you've given? Just be honorable. What does that mean? Because I think in the world today, a lot of people don't even think about honor. When people came before me, I, I would implore them, just tell me the truth.


Just tell me the truth. Be honorable. But all of this, you know, and at, at the end of the day, it pays off. It does pay off. You know, I showed compassion to people. Some, some people came in, they had nightmare stories. I mean, I had a woman come in and she owed $500 in tickets and she didn't pay him. And she said she didn't have the money, And that she was shot in the leg. She had a bullet in her leg. What do you do in a case like that? I would probably dismiss it so she can pay her medical bills. That's what I Did. That's what I did. You know, one of the things that I wanna read to you from your bestselling book, compassion in the Court, this is on page one 16.


And I'd love to hear you reflect on this because in being a big fan of yours, the way that you spoke to children in particular always struck me. I often tell children that I'm expecting them to leave my courtroom and go on to do great things. The power in knowing someone expects greatness from you is immeasurable. I am certain that people feel inspired to do their best because along the way, someone told them, they believed in them. I'm certain that I became an attorney and in time a judge because my father and mother told me I could be one. Imagine if all of us did more acts of generosity and we told more people that we believed in them, how much better we could make the world.


Talk to me a little bit about that. I think that you can change the course of someone's life, right in like a minute by placing your hand on their shoulder and telling them that you love them, that you believe in them, And that they will succeed If you encourage people in the gentlest way instead of yelling and screaming and berating them. And I've always made it a very special point when people came to court with children, to concentrate on the children in a positive manner. Because as soon as they walk into the courtroom, they're terrified. A courtroom can be a very intimidating experience.


You walk into a courtroom if you're 12 years old, I mean, you see a judge in a robe, you see a cop with a gun, you see an oak paint in the courtroom. You see everybody sitting like this, you know? And, and particularly if the judges, for lack of a better term, a jerk, you know, and is insisting that everybody behave in a certain way. I never did that. You know, I always try to treat people civilly, you know, and let them feel comfortable. Some of the best episodes, oh, and there were children in the courtroom and I brought them up on the bench and had them help me determine their parents' case. And some of the answers just are amazing and they're humorous, but they're very revealing.


We had one in particular, there was a, a family that relocated from Africa and came to the United States. They had been here for six months and they came to court and I think there were two or three children, but one of the children was about 10 years old. And I had him come up, you know, and they came from Africa and they were only hit for six months, you know, and he's up at the bench and they're nervous, so forth. So I said, I'm gonna ask you one question. Is your father guilty or not guilty? And without hesitation, he said, guilty. Oh my what? So what was, it was just, was it like a speeding ticket or a parking ticket? It was a speeding ticket. Speeding Ticket. Yeah. He said guilty. And I mean, it just broke the house up.


And I always think of that, and kids are so honest. How, what did you do in that case? I dismissed the case. And why did you dismiss the case? Because he had four children. He came from Africa. He was just getting started to earn a living here. And so, in consideration of his family commitments and the fact that he was very respectful, I took that into consideration. So you and your wife Joyce, have been married for over 60 years. What advice do you have to somebody who may be listening who is just at the beginning of their relationship?


Well, it's a give and take situation. You know, there's no such, no such thing as a boss in the marriage. So you can't be the judge when you come home. Is that what you're saying? I can't, I, I behave myself. Joyce is watching, so be careful. No, we have a, we have five children and she's the best mother in the world. We have a great relationship. You know, we, we've had our issues on minor things, you know, and we don't talk for a day, maybe a day and a half, and that's it, you know, but she knows me pretty well by now, and I know her pretty well, and we don't have those skirmishes anymore.


Well, I would imagine you're both pretty kind to each other. Whatever she wants, she gets Well, there you go. You just said the secret to a marriage judge. Whatever my wife wants, we're good. That's how you keep peace in the house. So Judge, you recently had a life altering diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. Can you share what this journey of facing this cancer diagnosis has taught you? Well, it's, it teaches a lot. Teaches the, they called close to the people you love.


It drives you to prayer. You test your religion, you examine your life and see where you went wrong. Try to make amends and try to set an example of strength for those that are around you. For someone that was pretty healthy entire life to all of a sudden get a, it's a death sentence. Pancreatic cancer is not curable. So it's se question of how long you can live with it.


And I haven't given up the battle. I've, I'm fortunate, treated by two very well known and proficient medical teams at the Dana-Farber Institute and the Miami Institute. So, because I, I spent winter down in Miami, so I'm very fortunate to have excellent medical treatment. But it's, it's a natural tendency to, when you're younger, think of, you know, how long am I gonna live and how am I gonna die? Am I gonna die in a car accident? And what's gonna happen?


So I know how I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. I may, I'm gonna die of cancer and I'm gonna try to stay around as long as possible. I'm very fortunate that I feel well. Hmm. And you Look great. Well, I feel, well, I'm not giving up. There's one thing I never did in life was give up. And I'm sure you're not giving up now, If the person who's listening is going through something very difficult like you are, or if somebody that they love is they have a scary diagnosis, they're really struggling, what would you say to them? Judge, You really have no choice. Listen to your medical providers.


Those, I mean, everyone wants to be their own doctor. I I do what the doctors tell me to do, and I tell 'em to be honest with me. You know, how, how much, how long do I have to live? What does my prescribed course of treatment and, but rely on expert medical advice is the only advice that I can give them. Now, as you approach your nineties, I beg, beg Your pardon? You're approaching your nineties. Well, It's not, I mean, I don't, I'm I'm approaching my mid eighties. I mean, you know, What, what are you looking forward to? I'm looking to keep my family intact.


I'm very lucky. We have a very close-knit family. I can tell two of your sons are here. They're making sure that you don't like screw up. That's why they're here. I can tell they're here, ma like Watching. Oh, I need, I need them because I do, I'm very encourageable. So they have to keep me aligned. What do you think makes for good life? A good life is, excuse me, good life is being a good family man. Good family person. And having good friends, that's all there is to life. Everyone who thinks that they're better than someone else or because of their wealth, that they have special privileges.


No, we're all in the same boat here together. So what are your plans for the future? What do you still wanna do? What do you wanna see? What do you wanna experience, judge? Well, I, I enjoy traveling. I've been very lucky to travel to Europe, you know, to my, my father's village where he was born, actually, he was born. I went to where my dad was born. It was a dirt for still that it's still a dirt for, you know, and I was able to go to the Middle East. I, and so I enjoyed traveling and travel as tri as it sounds, and I know it sounds, I enjoy, I derive great pleasure out of helping people.


I don't think that sounds trite at all. In fact, I think that's the secret to a good life is being kind, being encouraging and helping people, Helping people, being in the service to others is what gives you a happy life. For the person who's listening right now who is like you and maybe tired or retired or a little older, what words of encouragement would you give them about what's possible for the rest of their life? I think they should become active in some civic duties. You know, volunteer at the ho home for the elderly. You know, help people, drive people, but be of service to others as much as you can.


And what do you think your father would say about who you've become? Well, he put his hand on suit and he'd be so proud. And he, no, he, he'd be a vindication of everything that he taught me. He taught me by way of example, you know, like when I saw my father paying a milk bill for one of his customers. He didn't have to give me a speech, you know, he, he disappointed by his actions. He was a, he was a, came here with nothing from Italy, you know, had to leave school.


He was so smart. But he had to work, worked many jobs. So I owe a great deal to him, which every father should set that example. And I think your sons would say the same since they're crying right over there in this studio, that you've set an incredible example for them. Well, They, they've both done pretty well. You're a hard act to beat. So that's saying a lot. Well, that's saying a lot. What would you tell yourself, If you could go back in time, you're on those milk runs, you're 10 years old, you're on Federal Hill.


What would you say to yourself? I'd say don't quit because the end of the road, you know, is successful. I mean, I, I have a great family, you know, I'm not an extraordinarily wealthy man, but I'm not broke. You know, I, I have an opportunity to come speak to you and other programs as well. I've had an opportunity to give back. There's a great sense of joy in giving back and not just receiving. I never was a receiver, you know, and I, I keep using the same phrase all the time.


I got that from my father, you know? And, And we're getting it from you. That's the example that you have given to the world. To not take, but to give. I am amazed at the impact that my actions have had worldwide. Now this is gonna sound very egotistical. It is not. I get messages from all over the world, every day. And the conclusion that I come to is that the world is not full of compassion or understanding. We're in a very contentious world and being exposed to people worldwide, I get the messages every day.


Congratulations though. Thank you. We need more people who take into consideration the point of others. And it's very rewarding. You know, since you have a global audience and you are inspiring and encouraging people around the world, for somebody that is feeling very discouraged, they may live in a part of the world where they don't have a lot of support. The headlines are scary. How do you keep hope alive, judge? Well, the first priority I have, whenever I have issues like that is my religion. So I'm not a holy roller, but I do, I am a practicing Catholic and I'm a very strong believer in the power of prayer.


And that usually is what gets me through all of these scrapes that I'm thinking about. So if the person listening, judge takes just one thing, from everything that you've shared, what do you think the most important thing to do would be? To make your life better. What are your parting words? My parting words are that we are not in this world alone. That we have to rely on each other, And that we should show understanding and compassion toward others and help them in their time of deed. Judge Caprio, it is an honor to be with you. I am so glad that you are here, that we are getting to be inspired by your life, by the way that you move through life.


It has been an honor to sit with you, to be inspired by you. And I wanted to be sure to tell you I love you. I mean, I'm very appreciative of the opportunity. Thank you so much. You're welcome. And I appreciate you. I appreciate you for taking the time to listen and to learn and to spend time with somebody as remarkable as Judge Caprio. And in case nobody else tells you, I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you and I believe in you, and I believe in your ability to create a better life. And one of the things that I'm taking away from this one is the power of kindness and the fact that purpose is not what you do, it's how you do it.


And I think in this moment, how we do it and how we treat other people is absolutely everything. I cannot wait to hear what you get out of this. I can't wait to hear what the people you share This episode with. Get out of this. And I also will be waiting for you to welcome you into the very next episode. The moment you hit play, I'll see you there. We're doing okay. You're Doing great. I'm Doing great. The camera got tired. Tech is good when it works, right? I broke the Camera. No, you didn't. You guys even get choked up on that story every Time.


It's my two worst critics. How we doing? Okay, so far so good. See, David's always measured. So far so good. We can still screw this up is what they're saying. Oh, I'll tell you. I'll tell you that story in a minute. Okay, so one 16. One 16. Yep. Well, I got 1 68. No, what? That's All right. Well, it's all, it's all great in this book. Everything you wrote is fantastic, so any page you turn to is a winner. How did we do it right? I think you did really good. Let's ask these guys though. I'll find out later. Don't tell me. Yeah. How about you guys? Did we miss anything? You Shouldn't have said this. You shouldn't have said that Class act, you know that. I'm Glad it worked out okay. Okay. You were fantastic.


Oh, Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity. Trust me. Well, I appreciate you making it here. I appreciate you fighting. Thank you. Keep going. We need you. Thank you world needs you. Oh, and one more thing and no, this is not a blooper. This is the legal language. You know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you. This podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes. I'm just your friend. I am not a licensed therapist, and this podcast is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician, professional coach, psychotherapist, or other qualified professional.


Got it. Good. I'll see you in the next episode.


Stitcher. We are interrupting this podcast to ask you a very important question. Have you had your Hershey's? When you need to brighten up your day, put a smile on your face with the classic creamy texture and pure milk chocolate flavor of Hershey's Milk chocolate. Whether you're eating it on the go, breaking off a few pieces for s'mores night, or just treating yourself to something sweet. Hershey's milk chocolate checks all the boxes. Shop for Hershey's Milk Chocolate now at a store near you Found. Wherever candy is sold,


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments, and protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.