
Hey, it's your friend Mel, and I cannot believe that this day is finally here. I, I'm actually getting really choked up. I, I, whew. Okay. I gotta pull it together. I gotta pull it together. Whew. I have been waiting to tell you this for two years. I've been working on something for you, and I can't wait for you to have this in your hands. I have never been more proud of anything that I've created. I cannot believe I'm getting so emotional. I have poured every ounce of my being, every part of me into this project. And I gotta, I gotta pull it together here, because today, woo, I can finally tell you for the very first time that my new book, The Let Them Theory, is available for pre-order Right now.


You have no idea how many hours, how many tears? Hell, there's tears going into me just telling you about the thing. But how many tears have gone into writing this book? Literal Tears, frustration, joy, laughter, so many early mornings, so many late nights. I don't even know how many cups of coffee I've drank. In fact, this book, The Let Them Theory book should probably be sponsored by Coffee because I've basically been running on caffeine for the past two years to try to get this thing done. I have written, rewritten, reordered the book, rethought the book, reworked the book 11 times. Yes, I have rewritten this book 11 times.


In fact, I have all the manuscripts right here, okay? This is my strength training workout for the day. Having these puppies all on my lap, I would literally turn in a manuscript and be like, oh my gosh, I'm finally done. It is so awesome. And then I would wake up a few days later and be like, holy cow, I forgot something. Wait a minute. And I would then call my publisher and beg them, I gotta have the manuscript back. I'm not done. I did that 11 times. I'm actually shocked that my publisher didn't fire me for my own book. And here's why I am so emotional, and I'm also so obsessed about The Let Them Theory book.


I poured my heart and soul into this. I really did. Like I I, I just wanted this to be, whew. I can't believe how emotional I'm getting. I wanted this to be the most impactful book that it could be for you. I really just pushed myself to make sure that every story would be so relatable and would strike this balance between being funny but also profound. At the same time, I want you to see yourself and the people that you love and the relationships that you're in, in every single word of this book. I wrote it. I rewrote it because I want this to hit you deeply, And I want it to change your life.


That's why I obsessed over This book, because you deserve something truly amazing. You deserve an incredible book from someone who cares so much about you. You deserve something that makes your relationships and your life better. In other words, you deserve a book that is worth your time. And what you're gonna learn when you read The Let Them Theory and you dig into the science and you start to use this simple tool in your life, is that within just a few pages, you're gonna realize that your time and your energy, it is everything where you put your time, where you put your energy, it determines your experience of life.


And here's what I'm gonna promise you. This book, The Let Them Theory book, it is worth your time because it will change how you think about your entire life. You know, The Let Them Theory is about a topic that I've never tackled before, and that's your relationship to other people relationship. If you've ever felt stuck, overwhelmed, or frustrated with where you are, I want you to hear this. The problem isn't you. The problem is the power you give to other people. And when you read The Let Them Theory book, you're gonna realize too simple words. Let Them we'll set you free. Free from the opinions, drama, and judgments of other people, Free from the exhausting cycle of trying to manage everything and everyone around you.


The Let Them Theory puts the power to create A Life that you love back in your hands. And this book, this book is gonna show you exactly how to do it. It is time to stop wasting your energy on things you can't control, and start focusing on what truly matters, which is you, your happiness, your goals, your life. And you're gonna love The Let Them Theory book because it's got the exact same no nonsense science back approach that you love on the Mel Robbins Podcast. And I'm not only gonna teach you what The Let Them Theory is and why millions of people are already using it, but I'll walk you through the eight key areas of your life where it's gonna have the greatest impact. Now, when you get your copy of the book, you're gonna freaking love this thing because it's got everything that you love about this podcast.


First of all, this book, it is filled with hilarious and relatable stories where of course, your friend Mel is the bad guy. There's tons of simple takeaways, step-by-step tools. In fact, I'm so committed that You know exactly what to do and how to use this theory that I put a summary at the end of every one of those eight sections so that you got it all right at your fingertips. And you can use it immediately because The Let Them Theory works as fast as it takes you to say, Let Them plus every single step of the way. In this book, you're gonna meet world renowned experts in psychiatry, neuroscience, biology, ancient wisdom, happiness, and relationships, all of whom champion Let Them Theory.


And they're gonna help you understand why something so simple has such a profound impact on so many aspects of your life. And it all begins with two simple words. Let Them, in fact, that's where you can get the book. Just go to Let Them dot com. Now, when you hold your copy of The Let Them Theory book in your Hands, I want you to know something. I wrote every single word, every single sentence. I selected the font, the style of the chapter headings, the layout of the book. I sketched the graphics. I did the final copy edit. So if you find spelling mistakes, it's totally on me. You are absolutely going to love the cover. The cover color.


It is this bright, vibrant green. It feels like freedom. And there's this beautiful yellow burst. It's like, like fireworks across the cover. And when you're holding the book in your hands, I want you to take your hands and rub it across this yellow firework display, because you're gonna feel all of these tiny raised yellow dots like energy coming right off the cover of this book. Just like you're gonna feel this burst of freedom and power that hits you when you start using The Let Them Theory in Your Life. And if you're listening to me Right now, or you're watching me Right now and you're like, oh, Mel, I know The Let Them Theory, I've heard about this thing.


In fact, I've been using it. I have something to share with you that I haven't said publicly yet. Let Them is only part one of the theory. There is a second critical part that I discovered in researching this book over the last year. So if you've only heard about The Let Them Theory online, you don't know the second part. And that's the most important part of the theory. And you and I are gonna go deep into the second step of The Let Them Theory inside this book, and you need to know it, which is one of the reasons why I want you to have this book. And one more thing, I know you're the kind of person who loves supporting the people who support you.


So if you've ever felt supported by me in this podcast, if you've ever used something that I've shared with you or you've shared an episode with someone you love, if anything I've ever done has brought you some small piece of joy, inspiration, or motivation, it would mean everything to me if you would support me and go to Let Them dot com and pre-order The Let Them Theory book today. And here's another reason to pre-order The Let Them Theory book today. When you go to Let Them dot com to pre-order your copy, you're gonna see that every single person who pre-orders the book is invited to my first book event on December 12th. Your book purchase is your ticket.


See, I'm having a huge, amazing live virtual event on December 12th. You're invited, and yes, there will be a replay in case you miss it. Now, this event is only for people that pre-order the book. I'm gonna be live for several hours. I'm gonna see you, I'm gonna be taking your questions, I'm gonna be digging into the book, and I'm gonna get you ready to use The Let Them Theory for the Holidays so you can use this theory with all of your relationships before you even have the book in your hands on January 1st. And you're gonna freaking love this. Now, the only way you can attend this incredible event on December 12th is by pre-ordering the book. All the information you need is at Let Them dot com.


I am so excited for you to finally get your hands on something that I know will transform absolutely everything about how you live your life. The Let Them Theory will change the way you think about relationships, control, and personal power. Whether you wanna advance your career or motivate other people to change or take more creative risks or find deeper connections, build better habits, start a new chapter, or you simply want to create more happiness in your life and relationships, get your copy of The Let Them Theory book today because you'll discover how much power you truly have. And it all begins with two simple words.


And if no one else has told you today, I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you And I believe in you, and I believe in your ability to create a better life. And there is no doubt in my mind that The Let Them Theory will help you get there. I wanna thank you for going to Let Them dot com. Thank you for pre-ordering your copy and supporting me and supporting yourself. I'm so excited to see you at the amazing Live Book kickoff event on December 12th. Thank you for spending this time together with me. Alrighty, I'll see you in the next episode.