
Hey, it's your friend Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. I am so glad you're here because you're about to meet someone unlike any other guest who has ever been on The Mel Robbins Podcast. Now, I first discovered him on Instagram a couple years ago. He was standing there playing the ukulele, totally relaxed, smiling, and singing this beautiful song. He had the most extraordinary voice, warm, folksy, wise, kind, gentle, yet strong.


He had the most peaceful presence and just unbelievable energy flowing through the screen right at me through my phone. My shoulders dropped. I was immediately hooked, an instant fan. There was just something about him. So I started following him, and then I learned more about his story. I learned that he was born into a brutal civil war in Liberia. He narrowly escaped the life of a child soldier. He was rescued and brought to the United States as a refugee, And that as changing as all of that was for him. It didn't mean a happily ever after. And then a whole new set of challenges, identity, crisis, isolation, grief.


So many questions. The biggest one being, who am I? And if you've ever felt lost, you've probably asked yourself that question too. And that's why the conversation you're about to hear is life-changing. If you're wondering, well, who is this guy? Mill? His name is Monrovia, and he's not just on Instagram and TikTok anymore. He is playing on stages around the world, which is why I am extra thrilled that he made the time to get on a plane and be here in our Boston Studios for one reason to talk to you. This episode is for anyone who has ever felt like an outsider or questioned. If you belong or wondered if your story is worth telling, by the time you're done listening, you'll know deep in your soul that you have an amazing part to play in this world.


And you are gonna feel so reassured that you are already on your way to discovering who you are meant to truly be.


Your payments are showing, but with Apple Cash, your payments are private by default. No public feeds, awkward reactions or unnecessary payment drama. Apple Cash lets you send cash and messages right in the conversations you're already having. Or with tap to cash, pay someone next to you without looking up a username or scanning a QR code. Just hold your iPhone near someone else's to send. Switch to Apple Cash and start sending privately. Apple Cash Services are provided by green.bank member FDIC.


If you've listened to The Mel Robbins Podcast for a while, you know how important acceptance is when it comes to personal growth. And you know who else is big on acceptance? Discover. You see, discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. That's a whole lot of places and a whole lot of acceptance, which is great for Discover, but even better for you based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


Hey, it's your friend, Mel, and welcome to The Mel Robbins Podcast. I am on the edge of my seat. I am so excited for our conversation today. I'm excited that you're here. It is always such an honor to spend this time together, but today, the fact that I get to meet somebody that I've admired at the same moment you get to meet them, that is just a thrill. And if you're new to the podcast, I wanted to personally take a moment and welcome you to The Mel Robbins Podcast family. I'm so glad that you're here with me right now. And because you made the time to listen to this particular episode today, here's what I know about you. First of all, I know that you value your time, so it means a lot to me that you made the decision to hit play, and you're gonna be so happy that you did because something magical is about to happen.


And if you're listening right now because someone shared this conversation with you, it's because I was right. Something magical did happen In this episode, and they wanted you to experience it too. And so does my incredible guest today, Monrovia Monrovia is a phenomenon, a one of a kind musician from Tennessee who has carved out time from a busy touring schedule to be here for this special conversation. You and I are gonna be swept away, not only by his story, but by his humility, his compassion, and the message that he is here to tell you today. It's a message that's gonna leave you feeling loved, empowered, and clear Man's life story sounds like a movie.


And every bit of it is true. Man grew up carrying a history and feelings that he couldn't fully explain until he found music. And now his music is finding people all over the world. I mean, just look at his TikTok. His videos have 17 million likes, and a bunch of them, they're from me. And what he's creating doesn't just cross genres. It crosses continents, generations, and life experiences. Man blends his Afro Appalachian roots with raw personal storytelling. A sounds so distinct, so grounding and folksy singer songwriter. It earned him a spot on Spotify's 2024 Juniper artist to watch list.


He now reaches over 1.5 million monthly listeners on the platform, proof that his voice is resonating way beyond the stage at a Monrovia concert. That is something to behold. He has sold out every headline show he's ever played. He's taken the stage at Bonnaroo Austin City Limits, and the legendary Newport Folk Festival this year. This rising star is going global with a sold out European tour that he just completed. And us appearances at major festivals, including Boston calling and a return to Newport. I mean, this guy is a rising star, but more importantly, there is so much wisdom, not only in his music, but in his life story and what he wants to share with you today, that you can take whatever has happened to you in the past and make something beautiful out of it.


So please help me welcome Monrovia to The Mel Robbins Podcast. Monrovia, I am so excited to meet you in person. Thank you for jumping on a plane. Thank you for being here. Congratulations on all your success. I'm so excited to talk to you. It's, it's an, it's a complete honor. And yeah, I'm really just yeah, stoked to be, to be in this place with you right now. So thank you so much for giving me space to tell my story. I would love to start by having you speak to the person who is with us right now. This is somebody who doesn't have a lot of time, but they have hit play. They're making the time to learn from your story, to learn from your wisdom.


What might they experience that could be different about their life if they truly take to heart all of the wisdom and lessons that you're about to teach us from your own life journey? Yeah, I think something that I hope for, just that one person is to know that life is, is full of suffering, but it doesn't take away from you belonging in it, that you have such an amazing part to play in the scheme of things. And so, yeah, I mean, talking about my stories and the music, all I do it for is for you to know that your time here is, is meant. How Do you cultivate that belief?


And I'm sure we're gonna get into it. If you're in a place in your life where you are really suffering, how do you get yourself to believe that you're meant to be here And that there's something bigger for you? I think it comes back to memory. And if you can think of your life and the the things you've already come through and you're still standing, you're still, regardless if you're on the floor, you're still here present with us. And memory is an important part of the art of continuation. Knowing that you've come through things already and believing that you will again till you get to that place where maybe you're more, you know, fulfilled and strengthened, is the ways I've kept myself going forward.


For somebody who is just meeting you for the first time, you know, I, I was introduced to you through a very, very dear friend of mine. I have been following you online for 18 months. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. Your music does feel like waking up from a dream, it immediately makes my shoulders drop. I'm so excited to see you exploding in terms of popularity and the recognition for your music. But for the person who hasn't heard you sing, has not heard your music, does not know your story, how would you describe the music that you create and the kind of artistry that you're putting into the world?


The music I create, I think for one, is peaceful. When you enter, you know, when that song comes on, my hope for you is to, to have you lose anxiety. For you to be able to sink in and think about, I think the importance of one yourself. And I hope my music takes people into, into that realm, And that they can then, I would say, understand just how important they are. So that's, that's, that's kinda the main purpose of the music. Yeah. Did you always know you wanted to be a musician? No. No. Not at all. Yeah. I think I had this gift of, of making music, but I was a very shy person.


I was really quiet growing up. I mean, I've come from a lot, you know, I've, I've gone, I had gone through a lot of things at a young age already. And so, you know, I I to assimilate as well in America, I think a lot of my life I was watchful trying to see what my place was and how to act as an African American in a white household in more of a middle class space, private school. So a lot of my life was watchful. I didn't, I wanted to play the part. Well, and I think that was something that, that just became what I was early on. I love that word, watchful. It's so relatable because regardless of where you come from or who you are or what family you're in, I think we've all had those experiences where we enter a space or we enter a group of people, or we enter a chapter of our life Yeah.


And we say, I'm not sure I belong, or I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do. And this idea of stepping back and watching, wow, I, I really get that about you. And I can, I can think of moments in my life where I felt that way too. And I think it's something that we do when we also feel lost. Yeah. And it's probably a part of how you figure out how to find your way and find yourself. Yeah. And, and it also protects you from, at the time, you know, at the time from saying things maybe that you shouldn't say or, you know, maybe social cues that you don't understand coming from different places or things like this. So it was definitely a protection, you know, mechanism for me as well.


You know, you mentioned that one of the things that you hope people feel is peace. Yeah, absolutely. When they listen to your music. Absolutely. Yeah. But one of the big themes that you have is you talk a lot about healing. In fact, the tour that you're on right now heal with others. And I've also seen you use the quote, healing out loud. And your mission to me is clearly more than just making music and going on tour. And that stuff is all incredible. But can you talk a little bit more about why healing with others and this sense of creating and cultivating peace within yourself is such an important thing for you? Yeah, it's important to me because I suffered a lot alone, even being surrounded by a lot of people.


I had that feeling. And that's not just, you know, known to me. There's people like that all the time. You work big jobs, you're in a place where you're surrounding people, But you still go home and you're like, wow, no one understands me or what I'm going through. And music for me where that journal, that outlet where I could be honest with my feelings. And when I kind of started to do music a little bit more full time, I saw that how this could relate to other people as well. Hmm. And so, you know, I think the mission was birthed from one be seeing how successful it was on myself trying to form a community that way. So it's been amazing just to see it, see it, do what it's done.


You and I are about to get into your remarkable life story. And you're young. I mean, like, I'm, I'm like a grandma compared to your No, you're not. Stop. So I, Time is time. What is time, What is time? I, But you know, you literally, when I think about the extraordinary number of experiences ranging from war to adoption, to moving to another country, to now finding yourself on stages around the world and being laser focused on this message of peace and healing, what does it say to you that your music and your story is resonating with millions of people around the world?


Well, I think it's a needed thing, you know, and I don't think enough people are sinking into that space where you give someone the space to really have quiet and an intimate time with themselves. The world is fast moving. It's, it's loud. And that's why, you know, being, having the ukulele, or we'd even have drums for a while, and a lot of my, I'm lot of my sets right people were still into just the sound and the experience and the words and the storytelling. And it brought them back to situations and moments in their own life where they can really look at it clearly, look at the mirror, that one that we all try to run away from all the time. And so it says a lot to me. It says that it's important, the work I'm doing, and I just hope to continue in it as best I can.


Well, there's no doubt you're going to, Well, it's, yeah. It's, it's hard. It's not easy. What's hard about it? I think it's so much easier to pour and pour things that are detrimental, like anger and selfishness and, and, and, and sink into that, sink that into the earth instead, like the outpouring of of love is hard and outpouring of grace and forgiveness doesn't come easily to, to us as humans. And so I think for me personally, as the artist, it, it, it can weigh on you at times. You know, the, the, the giving of it. If you don't have a place to be refilled. And so that's also why community is so important.


It goes back to that 'cause to do the work that must be done for good. You have to have also that mooring of people that, you know, you can go back and get replenished to go again. So, You know, when I first heard you, somebody sent me your Instagram account and I, you know, hit play on one of your songs, and I'm like, who is this guy? Is it like, this is like, and I, and I hate to even be refer, I'm like, is this like Kat Stevens or is this Yusef Nado? Like, what is happening here? Yeah. That's sweet. And you have this incredible, it's like you defy the category that people want to put you in.


You call yourself in terms of the music, I've heard it called Appalachia folk. Yeah. Afro Appalachian. What does that mean? I mean, I was, I live in Appalachia, so like that tail end down in Tennessee. And I'm from West Africa, Liberia, capital City, Monrovia. And you know, there's a lot of history in Appalachia with, you know, the slaves that came over, the Irish, the Scots and the mountains, you know, writing these songs together, the, you know, the banjo, all these things mixing together in culture. And I didn't even know a lot of this living in Tennessee, to be honest. I learned this history as people started to say things like, you like, oh, you're cat, you're this. I didn't know the, the, the lore of the history of folk and everything like this.


But in the space of being in Tennessee and seeing the correlation of how this is history, it's, yeah, I don't know. It, it's, it's been a powerful thing to be, to have it revealed to me this way. 'cause I wasn't trying to be, you know, I don't think anything with af Afro Appalachia or I just made music that I thought would help me on the journey of my life. Hmm. Yeah. Well, let's talk about the journey of your life because you were born in Liberia. Yeah. And in the midst of civil war and all of this violence, your life changed forever when you were seven years old. Yeah. Can you tell me what happened?


Absolutely. So my mom, you know, she's a working woman. And so she's had a couple kids along the way. A lot of them passed away during the war. So me, my brother and s my brother Timothy, my sister t bla who we call Jacqueline. 'cause the other name's just super hard to say, you know, us three, we lived. And she, you know, she kept us and raised us as best she could. She passed away in childbirth with our other brother. And so it was just my grandmother, you know, taking care of us at this time. And it was hard during the war. There wasn't, there was nothing, you know, and this missionary family that had been working in Monrovia was, had been doing things in the community.


And one of my aunts decided to go and literally just bring me to them. Like there was no, I mean, it could have been my sister, it could have my other brother that was chosen. But they, she picked me up and said, you're gonna go live with this family. And so from that day on, I lived with them Yeah. Just in, in Liberia. And we lived through the war before we met, went back to the States for a little bit. And I don't think, I, I don't think when I became older, I, I realized how much it did to my mind. I think like, being pulled from your land, the language similarity of people didn't have the words for it. Then I didn't speak. I was, I was quiet for a long time. Yeah. My adopted family tells me this all the time.


They're like, yeah, you didn't say a word to us for very, we thought something was like, something was wrong with you. I was like, yeah, probably there was something wrong with me. I just, I didn't know who you were. You were, these were these white people, you know? So, But, you know, Did you have a sense when you said goodbye to your grandmother? That I Didn't? No, I didn't know it was goodbye. I don't think, Have you seen your brothers and sisters since this Man such a tale to get to that, but recently I did make contact with my sister after a long time of, of really not paying attention to anything about it. So it's been a very hard, very hard thing to come to terms with.


Yeah. I would imagine. Yeah. And I'm sure you'll continue to come to terms with it for your whole life. I think that's how something that dramatic actually works. Yeah. It, it, you know, it, it, it, it, it is something that I wasn't ready for most of my life to, to look at as I lived the American experience. I think it's so easy to feel ashamed of where you're from, even if it's, you had no parts of play in it. Hmm. So I try to kind of just bury a lot of those things and, and forget. And how is that working?


It all, you know, the fast, the fast is always in the undertow in the choices that you make. And it, it never left. And until I looked at it and was ready to, to accept the truth. What do you remember about what your life was like before this happened? Like being a kid growing up in the middle of this really violent war in Liberia, because, you know, in case the person listening doesn't understand, like, one of the things that was happening is they were taking young boys like you and turning them into soldiers. Yeah. Yeah. My two brothers sat an Emmanuel. They fought in the war, you know, ages five to 10. And I grew up in the, I i, I was born in the midst of the fighting already.


So all I would've known is chaos and violence. But before that, Liberia was a very beautiful place. I mean, some of the friendliest people. And there was a lot of good going on. There was a dictator that came in bringing child soldiers from neighboring countries into Liberia, overthrowing the government. And from there kind of descending the country into, into chaos. It destroyed everything. I mean, even to this day, you know, Liberia is still trying to recover, but there's no law, you know, and you're obeying five-year-olds with AKs and RPGs, you know, like telling you get on the ground, you know, we'll take your sister or, and you have to listen there.


It's actually kind of insane to wrap your head around that. That's possible. One of the things that you said that was I think, very relatable is that this sense of feeling, a deep sense of shame about either where you've come from or your past or what's happened, even though you had no part to play. Hmm. And you are not responsible for what happened, and yet you carry that with you. What would you say to a, the person that's listening that either feels that same sense of shame about their past or about where they've come from or about where they are now, or somebody that they love is feeling that way?


Like, what's possible in terms of how to move through something like that? Yeah, no, that's a, that's a really good question. I mean, for me, and I can only say it from my, I think from my own, my own standpoint. But I would tell you that, that there's so much more, I would say, beyond, beyond the past. And you can't let the past hold you and take you out of the world that you are meant to be a part of. And it did that to me for a very long time. And I, I sat and wallowed wilting, just blaming myself for a lot of things.


And it's, it's such an easy thing to do as, as Mel said, but I hope, you know, the beauty of knowing that life is long and every step leads you somewhere beyond the things that want to want to capture you and take you back. And the past is like this a lot to all of us. And I would just, I would just hope that, you know, that you always make it up your hills and around your corners. 'cause you just never know when good comes. And, but it takes continuing. So Continuing, what does that word mean to you?


That word to me, I mean that's, I I think that's my whole life has been that word actually. It means finding another day. You know, I, for me, there were so many times I wanted to quit and lay down and, and say, yeah, yeah, I'm, I can't do, I can't do this. I can't overcome the survivor's guilt. I can't overcome the, the truth of, you know, the feelings I have with my, you know, my, my mother and things like this. And I would tell myself I through the gray find another day, another day to, to quit. And it helped, it, it, it helped me to make it through.


Each day. I'd be like, not today. I'll find another day. And though I continued again, find another day, I continued again until, as choices come, I started to make better ones. I started to see how far had gone from my suffering into the day, into this beautiful experience of life, into how where I am now. And it wouldn't have happened if I didn't keep finding another day to do it. I wanna make sure that the person listening really gets that. Because when you first said it, I didn't quite get it. And that I saw the genius in it. And so let me try to unpack this and play this back to you to see Sure. If I'm interpreting this the right way. Okay. Yeah, sure.


So when you said, find another day, right? So nobody would blame you, by the way, if you're like, this is all just too much. I I I just can't handle this anymore. Yeah. The genius in what you did to coach yourself through that, that I wanna make sure that the person listening really gets is when you said find another day. If Mel Robbins said it, it would have this like tinge of positivity. You actually had this genius thread through it, which nope, nope. I'm gonna find another day to quit. Meaning today's not the day I quit, but I'm giving myself permission to quit on another day if I want to.


Yeah. And there's so much truth and acknowledgement of how difficult the experience was, and maybe some days still is to reconcile everything that's happened to you. It's true. And to give yourself permission to feel what you need to feel. But when you say, not today, I'm gonna find another day to quit, but today is not the day I quit. Yeah. Today is not the day. Right? Yeah, absolutely. There's something in the brutal honesty of that that I think makes it profoundly powerful. You know, If you talk about adoption in itself, a lot of families think this, and I'm saying mine did, but, and they were an amazing family.


But I'm saying, when I look at people that I know that are adopted, that have been rescued from, you know, bad family or experiences around the world similar to mine, you know, a lot of these adopted families believe just that, that, oh, you've been saved, so you're good. And it's just not the case for those that are adopted people, you know, there's, there's so much depths coming from, you know, what is your, your lineage or bloodline? But being torn from that, torn from a mother or a father, it, it's, it's something that you have to carry, you carry through your entire life.


I wanna be very clear to repeat back something that I heard, which is I don't hear you blaming your parents that adopted you. In fact, you have talked about the fact that this was an incredible gift. What I hear is you acknowledging the truth about how complicated an experience it can be for people who are being adopted. Because you have this huge range of emotions. You feel grateful for the fact that somebody has taken you into their family, But you also feel confusion, confusion as to whether or not you were wanted by your family. And if, like you, you were the only one adopted and you have siblings that are still somewhere else, you wonder why was it you?


And then on top of that, I would imagine that if you're coming from another country that adds a whole host of other feelings that you may have about whether or not you belong, none of which is the fault of the adoptive parents. And I'm sure if you're listening now and you've either been adopted or you're an adoptive parent, you know that this is true. But perhaps you don't quite know how to create a space for all of those complicated feelings to be okay and to be talked about without somebody feeling bad. I think that's what you're saying. There's so many feelings wrapped up in it. One, you watch your siblings, you see where they get certain traits from.


And again, I have characteristics of mine do, 'cause I was young, so I do have things, characteristics of like my dad, my adopted dad, adopted mom. But you watch and see, you know, the gate of their walk or a certain smile that comes across their face that looks like you know their mom or dad and you. And you wonder, you start to wonder like, what, and I have this song that I wrote about it called Whose Face Am I? And you start to wonder who, whose face am I? What is my history? What is my story? And I just think for anybody that adopts, yes, it's a beautiful experience and you're doing an amazing work. 'cause it's, you're giving kids, I think, an opportunity to, to live and also find themselves.


But I hope that as well, you, you never let them go through without telling them. I think the truth of their, their starting point, like even if it's a hard story and there's something that will give them a lot of, I think, per identity in hearing where they've come from, regardless of how hard it is. Is that something that was kept from you for a while? I Wouldn't say, I don't know. Kept is interesting. I I, I don't know if it was kept really, but we didn't really talk about it. Mm. And so when I tell you how I, I reached my sister and I have now come back together. I was in a place to ask a lot of different things about my story.


And honestly, that's, that's kind of healed me the most throughout my, my entire time. What were some of the most surprising or reassuring things that you learned about your story that helped you heal? Well, I learned a lot about my mother. And I think the root of my suffering, which is an important piece, is it always been around her and not knowing her Mm. And not knowing the feelings that maybe she had or how I, you know, if I had come from, if I had come into this world based on love or based on other things. And so it was tough because, you know, I found out some other things about just, you know, what she had to do during the war Right. To survive.


And some of those things were really heavy for me to hear. But I also found out in the middle of that, that she loved me very much and she, you know, decided to keep us, you know, and, and I mean, think about the sacrifice of a woman deciding to have a child in, in war and like, being like, I I'm gonna try to take care of them in this experience. It's just, it, it, it's, it made me feel very, very loved. Can I ask you a really personal question? And we can edit this out Sure. But I'm just curious about this. So was part of your concern that you were conceived because of sexual violence that was happening during the war? Yeah, absolutely.


Yeah. And that actually, that can be in the, I don't, that doesn't bother me one bit. It's the truth of the matter. And that was something as a kid that I was always afraid to, to ask to, to wonder. I, I didn't wanna wonder about that. Mm. And Is that what happened? Yeah. Yeah. And so growing up, I mean, people will say many things and say, you know, you could, you know, maybe I was a bastard and things like this. Like, I thought about this at a young age. Like, I was already already pretty in tune about just a lot of the world. So I wondered a lot. And yeah, it made me very, I felt very alone thinking about this. And I remember speaking to my sister and I, and I'll tell you the story.


I was driving with my manager to my managers coming from a tour, and I'm speaking to my sister, listening. I have my headphones in. She's telling me this, this story and, you know, and I was like, so tell me about my mom. And she says, oh, her mom was, you know, she was so beautiful, kind, hilarious. 'cause she remembers, she's older than me, so she remembers a lot more. And I was like, well, so what about my dad? And she tells a story of how, you know, things went down. And I remember I sat in the back and I, and I just wept. Yeah. I cried Those tears that I had held in for a very long time when it came to that part of my, my, my story faced it, you know, accepted it.


Yeah. From violence still beautiful things can come. And I think that is what brought me a lot of peace there. The love afterwards, I think meant that she kept me met the most ever. So, I mean that I wouldn't be here without that. What's your mother's name? Her name's Maria. Yeah. Man, Thank you for sharing that. Absolutely. Yeah. Where your manager's like, dude, what's going on back there? The hell's going on. Yeah. You just Sold out that show. Why are you bling like a baby back There? Yeah, they were, man, they look, I remember they looked back, they gave me peace though. They looked back and, and they just like kept forward.


I don't think they do it. They just let me, but they let me have that space to just pour out things that I needed to. And they, and they didn't really ask. It was awesome. They just kind of let me do it. And we went on. It was, there was no weirdness about it. And that's, that's a beautiful thing, man. Crying is super important in life. Well that's one of the most important things to point out, that you gave yourself the space. Yes. Yeah. You know, I wanna take a quick beat real quick and give our sponsors a chance to share a few words. And I also wanna give you a chance to share This Life changing conversation. There are people in your life that you're thinking about that I know you want them to experience the magic of what we're talking about.


Everybody deserves to feel like they belong. Everybody needs to be reminded that they are here for a reason. And so thank you for sharing this with people that you care about. And don't you dare go anywhere because we are just getting started. There is so much more we're gonna talk about. And Monrovia and I are gonna be waiting for you after the short break. So stay with us


If you're trying to get your energy up, manage your health, or just feel better in your body. What you eat is fundamental. And here's something so cool that I want to tell you about. It's a company called Fay Nutrition. They connect you with real registered dieticians, not influencers, not an AI bot, actual experts. And the best part is all dieticians on Fay take insurance. So 95% of people pay $0 for their sessions. Yes, that's right. $0. So whether it's gut health, postpartum weight loss, sports, nutrition, whatever it may be, Fay Nutrition has a nutritionist for you. It's smart, it's easy. Go check out Faye Nutrition. Having a personalized nutritionist used to cost big bucks, but not anymore. With Faye. Listeners of The Mel Robbins Podcast can qualify to see a registered dietician for as little as $0 by visiting faye nutrition.com/ Mel. That's faye nutrition.com/ Mel one last time. Faye nutrition.com/ Mel. And make sure you use that URL so they know I sent you.


You ever stop and think about how much you pack into a single day. You're getting kids out the door racing to work, wiping up spills, picking up after the dog, tackling dishes, laundry, all of it. It never ends. If you're already doing all that, shouldn't you get something back for it? Of course you should. With p and g Good every day you can earn cash back and savings for buying the products that keep you going from morning routines to midnight messes they got you covered. It's totally free to join and you'll unlock exclusive coupons, cash back rebates, and awesome prizes. Save big on over 60 p and g brands with the new Brand Saver digital coupon program all from your phone. Right now enter for a chance to win their biggest prize bundle ever, a p and g prize pack with Tide gain, cascade, Olay, and more valued at over $1,000. Enter as many times as you want for your chance to win through June 30th. No purchase necessary adults. 18 plus. Start saving hundreds of dollars on your favorite brands today. Sign up for free@pgcoupons.com slash Mel.


Have you noticed how your energy levels improve when you stay on top of your hydration? I mean, it's a no brainer. Electrolytes support real energy production at the cellular level. And when it's outta whack, your body feels outta whack. Your mood dips, you slog through your workouts. You feel fatigued and sluggish. That's where Element can help. Element is the electrolyte drink mix that keeps you going and it keeps me going too. Each stick pack delivers a dose of electrolytes free of sugar and artificial colors. I'm a huge fan of the watermelon salt flavor. I literally drink it every single day. It helps me stay hydrated. You've got so many other great flavors too. Make sure to try Elements new limited time lemonade, salt. It's salty, tart, and refreshing. And try the new Element sparkling. It's a bold 16 ounce can of sparkling electrolyte water element is offering eight single serving packets free with any element order. Get yours@drinkelement.com slash Mel. Get yours@drinkelement.com slash Mel. This deal is only available through my link. Go to D-R-I-N-K-L-M-N t.com/ Mel. That's drink LMN t.com/ Mel.


Welcome back. It's your buddy Mel Robbins. And today you and I are hearing the unforgettable story and wisdom of Monrovia, who is a singer songwriter who is exploding in the music scene. I'm a huge fan of his, and today he's sharing lessons from his life. And I'm so excited that you're here. I would love to have you, since you seem to have made peace with the truth about how you were conceived and the circumstances that you were born into. And you have really been able to tell a different story about the love that Maria had in choosing to keep you and love you and cherish you.


And a lot of people don't do that. For somebody that is listening to you and they're thinking, well, I I just am so different from my family, or I know exactly what you're talking about, but I don't know how to reconcile the truth. What would you recommend as something that they could do to start walking down that road of healing And that sense of coming to peace with the truth about just your life story? I think finding a place where you feel safe is the number one step into one, possibly accepting the, the truth or coming to terms with it.


And for me, music was the safe space. So I would tell that person, If you have somewhere where the world is, is quiet, where you can look at it clearly and take the time, give yourself that time. Because it wasn't something that I did when I was 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. I mean, no, this was years. And I think accepting that when it comes it will come, But you also have to create the spaces And that are not in the, the loudness of the world for you to be able to sit still and and really look at the truth.


So whatever that space is for them, I think there is where acceptance will be found. Do you remember the first time you felt safe? First time I felt safe. I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's an interesting question because I mean, I was safe, but I remember still dreams followed me all. I mean most of my life, even till now, I, I have dreams of being chased by child soldiers or guns to my head and things like this. So safety in my mind is something that I still search for. Hmm. But bodily safety. Yeah, I was, I mean I, when I left Liberia, I, I think that was when I was like, okay, yeah, I don't think anything's really gonna happen to me here.


Well, you got the question right? 'cause the question wasn't about whether or not you were safe. Yeah. Because I think there's a sense for all of us that we can bus ourselves. Yeah. And we can know that we are okay, but as we are out running or denying or not allowing ourselves to process what we need to process or to be honest about the things that we're struggling with, we don't feel safe. Hmm. And I read that since you weren't thinking, okay, I'm just gonna write music about my pain and that's what I'm gonna do with my life. And that's what, like, you were literally seeking space to be able to process the experiences of your life. And I read that you started journaling And that that became the early entry point for you to start writing music.


Yeah. Can you talk about like, the power of journaling and how it helped you? Yeah. I could never say, I wouldn't say I was the best speaker in my family. I, I, I had a hard time always trying to convey what I wanted to say to my parents or, you know, mainly my parents. And I remember when I fell in love with just words when I started to write. And it was just a place where it could be me. It was just me and me. That was the first safe space in, in the journaling. Yeah. And I didn't intend to really have that go into song to be honest.


But kind of as time went on, I was able to turn a lot of my writings and things into, you know, melodic kind of flows and things like this. And it became that way. And now going as I am, you know, older and things like that, that's kind of how I write my lyrics is most of the time it starts with me thinking about things that I have a hard time saying or things I think about the world and I'm writing them down and then they come back to me weeks, months, years later into a song. Kind of like just, yeah. And that's the downloading from the source. It doesn't, I don't think about it, but when it presents itself again and reappears these lyrics and then it, it just turns into some something that can help another person. So, You know, one thing I wanna validate, because I noticed you said I wasn't the best speaker.


And I think for me and the person that's with us right now, we're like, no, you're a pretty good speaker. Actually, I think the accurate thing, and I'm just gonna say this and you tell me if this feels right to you Yeah. Is you didn't feel safe saying what you needed to say. That is accurate. And it goes back to that sense of being a watcher in life. Yes. That I think we've all had an experience where we're stepping back and we're in a mode of protecting and not wanting to hurt anybody. Not wanting to say the wrong thing. And and I say that because, you know, I look at the various things that people write in about that listen from around the world.


And maybe as you're listening you've said yourself, I'm not really good at communicating. I'm not really the best speaker. Yeah, True. I would have you ask yourself, is that it? Or are you more concerned about making sure everyone around you is not upset? That's definitely. Or confronted by what you actually are feeling and wanna say. And so I love this takeaway that journaling became a space that you created for yourself. One of the things that I read that you said that I would love to dig into is I used to be in love with my suffering. What does that mean?


It became something I thought I deserved. And so in that I accepted that exact thing that I'm meant to suffer a lot of people do that I, for one, easily did that. When it, when it came to anything that I, that I went through, I said, you know, I deserve this because I would look at my life and the choices I made, and it all goes back torn Liberia for me because I wanted to forget them. I wanted to, to pay them no mind, to not even respect, you know, the lives of the people lost there. I just wanted to be America. I wanted to, I just wanted to go to college, go to place.


My sports have all these things in life. And, and when I was in college, it came to a head. I, my mind literally shattered. I was, I was so depressed and, and, and had no no course. And so I said, you know what, I'm just, I'll just suffer. Like this is my penance because I, of all the things that I, all the time I wasted in America not utilizing the gift of having an opportunity to do something, I put everything of that on myself. My mother dying. I put that maybe if Timothy or my sister Jacqueline were here, maybe one of them would've been a doctor to do something even more useful.


Maybe one of them would've done something that where they could give so much back torn Liberia or, or whatever. I didn't think of anything, became American happy and did my thing. And when it came, and I, when I realized this, when I was older looking back, I said, wow, I wasted a lot of time doing absolutely nothing for what my story deserves. I know the person listening either knows somebody like this. Yeah. Or they are that person. I used to, I deserve bad things. Yeah. That's what I thought. Wow. How did you turn this around? Talk to the person that's with us and just share a little bit with like, what was the epiphany?


What, like how did you turn this around and go, wait a minute, I don't have to do life this way. Yeah. I mean, I was on Lookout Mountain, Georgia. I was up there with some roommates and I had a, I was doing drugs, drinking like crazy, couldn't pay my rent doing odd jobs and just, yeah, just not caring about anything. Everything that I had went to, to alcohol. And I woke up one morning knowing that I wasn't gonna be able to make my rent anything like this. I was borrowing money from all my dad's Fred's feet. Like people that he'd know, like I was, I was texting them, can I have somebody, you know, just to pay my rent? But it was always going back to other things.


And of course it got back to him one day and he, he calls me up, my father and he's son, I, I want you to, you know, come to. And he's, and he'd asked me times before, and this brings me back to just speaking to that person. There are people in your life that have stayed, whether you see it or not or want to see it, there are those that have stayed and they're the ones that have been there for you in the dark night, have whispered to you. Don't say that about yourself. No, no. You don't deserve that. And when you fall in love with your suffering is when you decide not to hear those people anymore. Hmm. And so, for some reason I was at such a low point in my life, I remember I said, you know, I have nothing else.


And so I took this hand that was extended for my father and I left Tennessee. I said, dad, I have nothing else. I'll come. I don't know what this is gonna do. I don't. I, I, I don't know. So I went to California and all I did was build this house with my father, me and him. 'cause he was building the house in Dana Point, California. And some days he would leave and go to the church and I would just be home by myself for hours, tearing down the house, break, you know, taking out the nails, breaking down walls. And that alone time, it's, it's what healed me. I saw the correlation of the destruction of this home to rebuild something new.


Hmm. And I thought, can I do the same thing to myself? And it was just a powerful thing to me to be working with my, to be working my hands on this, this, this house and making it beautiful at the same time, working on inward things. And, but I would say to the listener, notice the hands that are extended toward, towards you at all times. And 'cause they're the ones that are gonna help you come out of that place. It's not, I don't think it's something you can really do alone, to be honest. The need for each other is, is the only way I think the world continues is to know that you, we rely on each other for moments such as that.


Talk to me about the name. 'cause your name was John Jay, is that right? Yeah, it's my birth name. Okay. And so you change your name though, to Monrovia, which is the capital of Liberia. Yeah. When did that happen and why did you choose to do that? It happened after I went to California. Yeah. In the building process, music finds me again. 'cause at this point before that, I wasn't really doing much music, I was just trying to live and overcome. But when I got back to California, started to really dive into these things, I started to fall in love with music again and writing the truth. And I remembered, I said, if anything came from this, it can't be about me anymore at all.


And I said, I need to remember my people and where I'm from to keep me on course to keep me Grounded. And so Monrovia was the choice name. It's a reminder to me of, of everything. How long ago did you do that? That would be 2019. Wow. Yeah. I mean this is kind of amazing because we're talking just six years ago, five years ago. Yeah. You weren't even writing music then. No, not before that. I was not doing anything with music. That's kind of incredible. This feels like a good moment to take a quick pause, hear a word from our sponsors, and don't you dare go anywhere because I've got a bunch more questions I wanted to ask Mon.


And he's also going to be singing after this short break. So stay with us.


Who doesn't love a vacation? I mean a chance to unplug, explore, and just have some fun. And when it comes to doing vacations, right, Celebrity Cruises, nose, because they take every detail to the next level. Spacious rooms, incredible entertainment, and more restaurants and bars than you could possibly try in one trip. And not only that, let's talk about their destinations. Alaska, the Caribbean, Bermuda, Europe, Hawaii, the Galapagos, Australia and New Zealand. South America Sea glaciers up close in Alaska looking for total relaxation. The Caribbean is calling craving history and culture. Say hello to Europe. And the best part with so much happening on board, the ships are just as amazing as the places they take you to book now with Celebrity Cruises and make your dream vacation a reality. When you choose Celebrity Cruises, it's how you get there that counts.


I'm all about a balanced science back approach to food. 'cause you need fuel that supports your brain, your body, and your life. And that's why I love rxbar. RXBAR gets it. They've said no to bs like artificial junk. And yes to simple ingredients that serve a purpose. Protein, fiber, the good stuff you can actually pronounce. And when I'm running out the door heading into back to back meetings, I always grab a chocolate sea salt RX bar protein bar. It tastes as good as it sounds. It hits like a meal and keeps me full without the crash. I keep one with me wherever I am. I feel good eating it and I feel good after I eat it. Whether you're into their 12 gram bars, the nut butter and oat bars, or their cute little minis, they've got options that fit your life. Use code mellon rxbar.com for 25% off RXBAR proud sponsor of no BS subject to full terms and conditions. And to change valid until September 30th, 2025 and may not be combined with other offers. CRX bar.com for full details and limitations.


Can I just give you a shout out because you're doing the workouts, you're drinking the water, you're listening to this podcast. But here's the thing. If you sleep's a mess, you're leaving your results and happiness and health on the table. I mean, how can you feel good when you're running on fumes? You can't. And Mattress Firm gets it. They'll match you with a mattress that works as hard as you do. Like the Tempur-Pedic temper breeze designed for cooler, deeper, uninterrupted sleep. Many people struggle with staying cool at night, especially during summer. Or If you naturally run hot. The Temper Breeze Collection has advanced technology to deliver unmatched cooling comfort for hot sleepers and pressure relieving support to help relieve aches and pains. It's comfort, performance, and wellness all in one. And it's a game changer for how you show up every day. Mattress firm knows better. Sleep starts the moment your head hits the pillow because nothing changes. If your body doesn't get a chance to reset. Get better sleep right away with mattress firm. Free and fast delivery to your door. Get matched with a Tempur-Pedic from Mattress Firm and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Welcome back. It's your buddy Mel Robbins. Today you and I are having an extraordinary conversation with Monrovia and I cannot wait for you to sing a little bit later. But first I wanted to ask you this question. How have you processed the survivor guilt? 'cause you've talked about the fact that you were the one that was chosen. It could have been your older sister or your brother and they might have made more of the opportunity. And you've beaten yourself up about this. How do you process the survivor guilt Move from a place of of blame to a place of, I think claiming this opportunity. Not that I have to owe anything to what I, what I what I am doing.


Hmm. And that, And that wasn't easy, but to understand that I get to instill good things to people. I get to because of this rescue bring more good into the world this way. Hmm. It's something I get to do. It's not, and I don't keep it as, I think in the beginning of Monrovia, I looked at it as something of app penance to my people. But as time has gone on, I'm understanding more everything that happened to me. I, you know, it's almost like anti fragility, I suppose, where these things in life that happen to you, you can choose to become stronger from them.


Hmm. You know? And so I think choosing that, choosing to accept the gift, that's what it was. It was a gift. And, and it freed me when once I, I could accept it to be like, this is, this is an experience that was chosen for me. And I don't know, I don't know if my sister had, you know, had, has music or my, or my brother. Right. And I will do everything I can with the gifts given now to shine light on my people. The history of, of, of, of them, of you know, black Americans here, of people in different countries that are struggling with different things.


I get to do that because of the gift that was given to me from that time. I am blown away by that reframe. And I wanna make sure that we really highlight that because that was extraordinary. People have survivor's guilt over lots of different things. Yeah. Lots of different things. Yeah. Yeah. You can have survivor's guilt because you survived a car crash that a good friend didn't. You can have survivor's guilt because your sibling was the person that was abused and you were not. Absolutely. You can have survivor guilt for just endless reasons. And you just said you were able to move it from blame.


Like you make yourself wrong for being the one that it didn't happen to, to claiming this and really seeing the fact that this is a gift and the way that you know that it's a gift goes back to something that you said you're meant to be here. Is there anything else that you would say to the person who is really just kind of struggling with the guilt, you know, that kind of undeserving thing, which again sounds like I love my suffering, so I'm just gonna, you know, there's periods of grief of course, but then there comes that point where you're like, okay, Yeah, I think if you can change guilt to growth, you know, and notice that there's always an opportunity for that.


Anywhere you look, you don't have, you know, and it's not a massive, it's not changing overnight. It's not. It's the little tiny changes you can make of something. Whether it's, you know, I, I drink this many whatever beers a day, or I'm take, you know, maybe you, you take one less, one day growth happens. And I think that overcomes a lot of guilt is, is I think letting growth take its place and not sitting in guilt. I think you can always grow from it. And so that's what I've done. So you've shared that music kind of, was this space for you to heal and journaling was the space for you to, when were you like, You know what, I think I'm gonna sing, I think I'm gonna pick up a ukulele and I think I'm gonna start to write some songs.


Like when was that moment that you're like, Oh, with the ukulele Man, that was a long way away way. It's a long way. I, before that I was, I mean, I guess I take it back to high school. I, I did play a little bit of guitar, like a very small bit. Okay. But I wrote more for my friends. Okay. Back to in junior, senior year of high school. So I already, I already knew that that gift of writing was there, but I never really wanted to be seen. I'm not someone that likes to be in the front of people. You're a watcher. I'm a watcher. Yeah. Or so you say. That's what I say. Yeah. I guess that's, but I went to college and I did one, I did a musical event there called Mountain Affair at the school, covenant College on Lookout Mountain, Tennessee.


And I ended up winning people's Choice of award at this school. And still I was like, nah, I'm not, I'm not, I'm, this is not for me. Right. And so after I go to California, after my things, I go to California, I'm starting to become, man, I pick up a ukulele because my parents got me this gift. It wasn't, I didn't want to play the ukulele. I wanted a guitar. Okay. They're cheaper though. The ukulele is cheaper. Cheaper. And plus having musicians in my family, if I buy you a guitar and you don't play it, I'm pissed. Yeah, exactly. I spend 60 bucks on a ukulele. They were good. Yeah. Yeah. And there was an old guitar, this is whatever, but they gave me, they gave me ukulele. I just started to write, find simple chords. And this is back in California. And I started just to write some songs.


And now this stuff wasn't going, I wasn't making this broad to people. I just played it a little bit. I moved back to Tennessee and because of me being I, I'll, I'll be honest, I think it was because of me being black, I never really went into singer songwriter, you know, that genre. I decided to go, okay, from Monrovia, I'll take it into a more experimental way. I'll just do like, write, I'll write over beats because I, you know, this is what African American like you, they're not gonna just gonna accept me into like the f that space. There's not many. Well, Is that the kind of music you listen to? No, that's what I'm saying. I, I listened growing up my, when my foster brothers came into the home, they showed me more of the singers songwriter music.


But I never thought I could do that just based on my skin. And I didn't see anybody in, in that world that was doing that in my space. And so being mon, I decided just to write over rap beats and do more of like a lyrical rap thing. It's in dark consonant, which is, it's a lot of different genres. And it wasn't sticking still. So this is 2021 COVID area. Okay. And 2021 comes to a close and 22 comes around. And I'm like, I got, I found my ukulele again and I start to play and write songs on this ukulele. One of my managers, Eric, who's was with me from the beginning in the gutter, he tells me, dude, you should go on TikTok. You should go.


And just, I love what you're doing with the ukulele. Everything else let's, that, that's not, it let's, you have these amazing songs. You have these lyrics that really touch, that touch me. I think they'll touch other people as well. And so end of 22 December, every day I just went out. I was like, oh, whatever. I went on TikTok. I just played my song. Only my original songs used the ukulele. And people just started to, to gather, to stay till, you know, they'd be at work. They'd have it on at work, they'd be making coffee in the mornings and they would just have me on playing these songs and listening to these original songs. And the community grew from there. Who's the watcher now? We all are. We're watching you Ron. Yeah. Y'all watching me all there.


And so from there, that's when, you know, I think it, it dawned on me that, oh, there are so many other people that feel no different experiences and different bringings ups and everything. The emotions are what really connect all of us. We all know sadness, we all know pain, you know, love loss. And so the music was hitting on those things and it brought so many different people into the space. It was really beautiful. When did you have this epiphany? This is what I wanna do for a living. Because you're kind of like dabbling in music 'cause it's fun. Yeah, yeah. And it's something to do. But then Eric's your manager now, but when he is like, dude, like you gotta do this. Yeah. This was like a friend encouraging you.


Oh yeah. And it sounds more like you were resisting the call and resisting the thing that everybody else saw. It goes back to that, to the doubt of everything that I don't deserve to be doing this. You know, could it possibly happen if I gave it my full efforts? And I look back at my music and having a friend tell me believe in me more than I do is I would say is what put me on this journey. And you need people in your life like that. And it goes back to what you said earlier when somebody extends a hand or somebody says, you gotta do this thing. Like, you really have something here.


Like notice how quickly we swat the hand away or we're like, nah, nah. Yeah, nah. Like imagine how much would change in your life If you trusted the people that were encouraging you. Yeah. Just imagine. And I don't think you have to believe in how it's happening. You gotta stay focused on the thing that you're doing that you're really enjoying doing. Yeah. And it's clear that you're enjoying this. Oh yeah. What would you say to the person who is listening and they're holding onto something, a song, a book, a move. They wanna make a name change.


Creating the space to feel what they need to feel. What do you wanna tell them about just making the move, like to stop fighting against the pull of what I think we know deeply to be true, but we are either scared of or actively resisting. Yeah. I mean, the time here is yours and regardless of anything you have your choices to make. And you can either, I think, deny all the good that you can possibly have in This Life. Deny it yourself or make the choices that lead you to you, to you becoming everything that you doubted.


Hmm. You just deserve to, to, to be happy. Like you really do. No matter, no matter what has happened, you deserve to be happy. You deserve to have to make the choices that lead you to where you want to go. You know what's interesting is, I think I just realized that there is so much suffering. Oh yeah. In denying what yourself, of what you wanna do. Yes. That is a form of loving your suffering. Yeah. It's making excuses and holding yourself back from just trying the thing or putting yourself out there or making the change. And you also could just do it because you yourself enjoy it. A lot of time you put it on, you put it on. Like, if I put this out there, what are people gonna think about it or what?


And at the end of the day, gifts are meant to be given. Hmm. You're given a gift. You know what it is. Whether you're an artist, you're author, singer, you are given a gift and it's meant to be given again. And it's a blessing that you get to give it to someone else. That in turn, maybe then it brings out their gift because they see your gift, shine your gifts, heal your gifts, brings something into their thought that they never thought about. You know, you mentioned that you, when you first started screwing around with music, you were laying on the beats and doing lyrics on top of it. And it is like the opposite Oh yeah. Of the kind of, so when you look back though Yeah.


And you know, we all have those periods where we look back on what it looked like when we started and you've got that like your nose flared. I'm like, there's the cringe look on mon. Right. And he just look so peaceful right now. I just did that like not too long ago, dude. So what do you wanna say to the person who literally is like, I can't, it's gotta be right. Like, they're afraid of that feeling. I think fear is, fear is totally okay. But don't let the fear stop you from, from finding what's more. I think you have to keep pouring, keep trying the gift learning from it until, and it, it refines as you go. And that's how it is. You, you, you're not gonna become Mozart or Taylor Swift overnight.


You know, I'm sure there was different versions all along the way because along way she kept putting it out or they kept putting it out. And that's what's happened on my journey is I kept putting out and trying this gift, working at it and eventually it reveals where it should be and now it is where it should be. And I, And here we are, The art of continuing The art of continuing. Yeah. And it's continuing to evolve And it's continuing and it probably will continue to evolve. Yeah. You know, one of the things that I have read is that you said that the question that haunted you the most for a while is, who am I? Yeah. How do you answer that question now?


I would say I am John Jay Monrovia, son of Maria from Liberia, west Africa. Hmm. Yeah. That's how to answer that. How's it feel to say that It's beautiful? Yeah, absolutely. Beautiful. And could you speak directly to the person listening who feels like, I don't know who I am, I dunno if I belong. And they're starting to, or wanting to or feel inspired to build their sense of identity. To claim the gift of it. Yeah. If you stop now, you'll never know the groups of people that are waiting to bring you into that fold that, or you know, the lives that you're going to impact in This Life on this journey.


If you had no one tell you this, I'm gonna repeat it again, But you are meant to be here. And it starts with you believing that every day and then the world opens up and different things start to take form and you're led to a place of belonging because you didn't stop believing that you were meant to be. And I think the belief portion is, is is the most important aspect. And so I believe that you're meant to be here and I hope you continue. And that's, I wish people said that every day to each other, best friends, lovers, everybody you need to, it's a, it's a, it needs to be a reminder. It's so easy to forget because of all the different hardships that life brings at you.


So if the person listening takes just one thing from all of the wisdom, all of the lessons that you have distilled down, as we've talked about your life, we've talked about the things that you are doing with your music, what would you hope that one takeaway would be? That your life is a gift and for you to live in that freedom with your choices. And, and, and in that just all, you know, not be afraid to pour all the love you can into your, the experience that you have, regardless of the hurt and pain that may come because of the giving of the Because of the giving of it.


Yeah. Pour all the love you can into your, into This Life that you have because it's yours. Do you have a song with that title? Oh no, I don't. I should. Huh? I think you should. I think you should. And also you have your own. And I think about something 'cause you just brought up a song, a song. But those who are, you know, for my friends who are in that place of suffering or like we talked about earlier, falling in love with that suffering the song Crooked the Road. It, it used to be called Crooked the Road in the One Driving. That's what I called it. Because for a long time, I, I I blamed the road and we all do that at some point.


We, we, we find excuses to go. It's because of how I was born or, and again, these things still hold weight, but the one driving you, you are the one that has autonomy. You can always choose a different path, a different way. And you sometimes you have to look at yourself on the road, on the journey and realize, I can take that other turn. My band mate, Sam, he had this first hook to the song, just If you are leaving, no, I'll stay the telephone. And that's what, and he brought that to the studio with us. And we were in Chicago and we started talking about, you know, where this song could go. We loved the hook.


The, the chorus was just so beautiful. That line of staying by besides someone through everything, the song really is about leaving your suffering. 'cause I, I write this song about the place I'm at On Lookout Mountain, where I'm not noticing anybody or the hands. And that song says that if, if I grab it, know that I care. 'cause darkness doesn't look on, look good on you. Another thing we do is we don't want people to help because we, we fear our darkness going to them, them being engulfed by how much we we are. And so we push them away. And so Crook of the road is, is is about that is about accepting help. And the person standing by the telephone line are the people that we exactly talked about earlier that, that want to see you better.


That are, that are the helpers. Look to the helpers. We know this, The surrounds. Yeah. You know, I know you're in Boston not only for The Mel Robbins Podcast, but because you are one of the headliners at Boston calling massive concert this weekend. Can't Wait. Which I know means you also have your ukulele. I do. Yes. Did You play that song for us? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Gladly. Let's get the ukulele. Let's do It. Sounds good. You know, as soon as you got up to go get your ukulele, the door to the studio open. Everybody that's in the studio today came running in here. We now have an audience. I am so excited. I have loved being with you.


I'm so excited to hear you play live and I'm so proud of you. Thank you. Means A lot. I'm, I don't know why I'm gonna cry, but I'm so proud of You. It means a lot. Thank you. I feel like I'm getting my own private tour experience right here. But I just wanna say, you are on tour selling out all over the place. And I know big things are happening and something I have a feeling big is gonna be happening this fall. We're gonna be on the lookout because anywhere you are, Monrovia is a place for gathering for us all. Thank you. Wow. Thank you so much. That means a mo. That means, yeah. More than you know, this song is called Crooked the Road. And it's about leaving your suffering behind and noticing those that wanna help Crooked the road and one driving 25 years.


I know you've been un tell me, why did you run, run past the dogs and the horses. Now you find yourself here past the dos and don't serve it Choices. But If you are leaving beside and tomorrow, we might steal the sun from underneath our eyes.


Dennis. Course. When now is yours ing Sacred Floors Got me believing a little more that this pain will run its course in the morning. Saw you there holding out your hand if I grab it, know that I care. 'cause darkness don't look good. But If you are leaving, no, I'll stay beside that telephone and we might steal the sun from underneath our eyes.


Dayak. But I still feel the edge of this. But next to You, Alley softly on this hard the next to you.


Thank you so much. Yeah, That's it. Wow. Thank you. How did it feel to play that? Like, what's that like for you, especially after sharing so much about your life and the meaning behind that song? It's nice after those conversations. 'cause it just makes the, it keeps the stories, you know, I think meaningful to me. 'cause over time I was always worrying about, I just don't want any of the songs and lyrics to never mean what they were to me when I wrote the song. 'cause you can play 'em so much at shows.


You can, you get into a rhythm of just saying the same things or whatever. And so that song means a lot to me, takes me right back. And thank you so much for letting me play it. Thank you. Thank you for everything. Thank you for being here. I'm so proud of you. Congratulations on all of your success. I think you are at the very, very, very beginning of a massive, as you call it, art of continuing and a beautiful career and a huge difference that you're gonna make. And I am just grateful that you accepted the gift of your life And that you're now sharing it with us. Thank you. Thank you.


And I also wanna thank you. Thank you for taking the time to listen to this, to watch this, to share this with people that you care about. And I wanted to be sure to tell you in case no one else does that I love you and I believe in you, and I believe in your ability to create a better life. And there is no doubt in my mind that If you listen closely and truly take to heart everything that Monrovia has shared with you today, that you are meant to be here, that there is a huge possibility for your life. Just keep on continuing on and you will figure out what that possibility is that is meant for you.


I truly believe that. All righty, I'll be waiting for you in the very next episode. I'll welcome you in the moment you hit play. I'll see you there. Have Fun. Oh, we're gonna have a lot of fun. Yeah, this is awesome. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 5, 4, 3, 2. Want 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let Him say whatever he wants to say. Okay. Thank you. Do you prefer Mon Monrovia? What do you prefer? Yeah, You can call me Mon. You and I are gonna be swept away, not only by his story, but by his humility, his compassion, and the mes and the message. Oh, I went back away. Sorry. Oh, you can do whatever you can. I Can't. That means a lot. Did I get the tour the right? Did I call it the right way?


You did. That Was poetry. That was beautiful. Thank you guys. Wow. Thank you so much. This is awesome. I hope I come back sometime. You'll come back sometime to visit y'all. Yeah. Okay. That's a wrap. Great job and great job this week. Oh, and one more thing and no, this is not a blooper. This is the legal language. You know what the lawyers write and what I need to read to you. This podcast is presented solely for educational and entertainment purposes. I'm just your friend. I am not a licensed therapist. And this podcast is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a physician for professional coach, psychotherapist or other qualified professional.


Got it. Good. I'll see you in the next episode, Stitcher.


Finding the music you love shouldn't be hard. That's why Pandora makes it easy to explore all your favorites and discover new artisan genres you'll love. Enjoy a personalized listening experience simply by selecting any song or album. And we'll make a station crafted just for you. Best of all, you can listen for free. Download Pandora on the Apple App Store or Google Play and start hearing the soundtrack to your life.


Summer's Heating up and your snack game. Should too get my mochi ice cream, the ultimate summer snack. My mochi is creamy ice cream wrapped in sweet dough for a bite-sized treat that'll make you feel joyfully chill. Whether you're beach bound or backyard hanging, my mochi hits the sweet spot with fun, texture, and bold flavors like strawberry, mango, birthday cake, and cookies and cream, summer snacking. Just got an upgrade. Look for the purple box of my mochi at Walmart or visit my mochi.com to find a store near you.