
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast. Weirdos re watchers. Friends honored. Guests Happy Friday the 13th. That was terrifying. We could not think of a better way to spend this iconic day than having a little BONUS episode with our new friends from Slayin It with Juliet Landau. That's right. We said our new friends Juliette Landau. Hell yeah. And you know what? Our new friends are not only iconic, but listen to this kickass opening.


Hello. Hello. I'm Juliet. We're Rad. Yeah, We were just rocking out. Like, that's awesome. I love it. I wanna listen to that. Love it. But you know what, you know us, you're gonna get to know our friends, but you know us. And when it comes to Buffy, we go scene by scene. Obviously we really dive into each scene. But have you ever wanted to go behind those scenes where we technically can't take You?


Yes. I, I do want to go to there. Today we have Juliet Landau, Christopher Feinstein, and Frank Bacci. Hello friends. Welcome. Hi. Hello. Hello. Thank you. Hi. It's so great to see you again. I had so much fun hanging out with you guys on Crush. Oh my God. We had so much fun. We became best friends that day. So it's a, it's a legendary day. We did. I felt like. Yeah. I've known you forever. Exactly. And here we are. Just hanging out again. Absolutely. Look at us. Look at us. Best friends Meeting Again. We have been obsessed with Slayin It. No. Like it's our Tuesday must listen.


Absolutely. And I was looking for one and you just handed it right to me. So, Juliette, tell us a bit about your new podcast. Slayin It with Juliet Landau Slayin. It is the first of its kind Buffy Rewatch podcast with a cast member as your guide. This has never been done before. I co-host with my Scooby, Scooby, Chris and Scooby. Hello. Hello. Hi. And Slayin. It has everything that we all love. Encompassing, heartfelt nostalgia. It's also a fresh evolution, an exploration with new content and new entertainment as well.


London 1861 night, the fog dances around our heroine. Why does this keep coming to me? Paris, beautiful boudoir 1875. The drapes are pulled tightly closed, Silla tosses and turns in her sleep.


I'm slim microphones Swinging party. Italy 1953. Night Silla and Spike are wearing bras. Joel I mean. Joel Spikes Crypt. Sunnydale. 2001 Night Tin Soldiers put funny little knickknacks in your brain.


Can't hunt, can't can't kill. But you can slay it. What Versaci techno costume ball 2024 Knight Jil and Darla Dance Run and Catch. Run and catch. Grandma And. I love a costume. Bash Slayin slain. What is the Slayin it for centuries Slayin. It has been plaguing me.


Oh, It's here. It's the podcast with Dev And I. Were in our hotel room and we heard, well, I thought I was hallucinating because there was a party outside and the Buffy theme was on a loop. But I thought at first I said, dev, am I hearing things or is that the Buffy theme? and he said, no, no, you're not hearing it unless we're both hearing it. It's happening again. It's lovely. I have a problem with the master's managerial style. He doesn't dole out punishments equally.


You mean when he, he does the eye like he told. Yeah, He lucio FCIs that one guy's eye just for easily understandable error. But don't you having played a villain who's evil I mean, isn't that part of the thing that makes it so unpredictable is that you never know what's coming your way. You might get your eye out or you might not. Or do you think he just has a scale that isn't very, Darla goes into his lunch. Like imagine you sent out like somebody who worked for you for coffee and they come back and there's lipstick on the cup. It's like, oh yeah, I had some before. You know, I got, it's like I got thirsty on the way over. I hope you don't mine. I smoked in third, fourth, fifth, and sixth grade and then never.


Whoa. Wow. You just wanted to get it outta the way. Yeah. Well, one and done. That's good though. 'cause you I mean it's healthy tissue at that point. It counts as Right. It's resilient. You're resilient at that age. You could put a bunch of stuff in here. I was raised like a veal. Like my mother wouldn't let me go anywhere. So I wasn, I wasn't allowed to go past the fire hydrant. I'd get beat with a broom if I Yeah, Yeah. We get attacked for that. Yeah. Oh, you can't go past the fire hydrant, God forbid. God Forbid. Cross the street. Beat across the street. I still hear this yells and screams in my ears when I crossed the street. Yeah. Well don don't know about you kids, but I was smoking it a Yeah, yeah, You, yeah. We wouldn't be allowed to hang out with you. Giles is the winner. Like everybody wants a Giles in their life. I'd be like a, oh my gosh. Competitive industry.


If I had a Giles in my life at that time, Usually he gives her information, he trains her. He's on her side. He's a font of knowledge. Yeah. It'd amazing to have a Giles, right? Yeah. Well that's my favorite relationship dynamic in the show. Some people are like, you Buffy Angel, you Buffy Spike. Do you ship this? It's Like Buffy Spike. Excuse me. Excuse me. You Sorry. I'm sorry. You mean Spike Illa, don't you? Oh, I, I sure stepped in with that one.


Play Against, again, play Against Play again with Julian. We're going to slay Want to Gum. It's such a different approach to a rewatch show And we've honestly learned so much. We really have. And it's also awesome to get all these like insider dates from people that were creating the show. Like that blows my mind. That's The thing. It's so cool. So Chris, are you learning a lot of insider info by doing this? Oh yeah.


It's, it's a treasure trove. I'm one of those insufferable people that who watches television that usually has a laptop or his phone open to be like, how'd they do this? Oh, same. How'd that happen? Who is that? Where do I know that person from? So doing this, it's like, oh, now I have actually someone who was there tell me about that. And it's fantastic. Oh, that must be so cool. We love the inside scoop. That's my dream. I'm that same person. Yes. Yeah. It's terrible to watch television with me. Same. Let's check out another clip From the show for season two and beyond. And I'm pretty sure that it was the same in season one. We shot eight days per episode and we usually shot eight pages a day.


Correct. And it, it started out, it was, and also there was a lot to do because each episode was like a mini movie in that there were action sequences. There was just, you're saying there's a lot to unpack for us to talk about. There was a lot to unpack in terms of shooting it. They were very dense and they were shot like, like mini movies. And in season one, a lot of the locations started out as what's called practical, which means you're really at the location. And then later the exteriors were still used, but the interiors were built. And a lot of the reason that that's done is because the real locations are small. They're tight. So for instance, you know, if in Buffy's bedroom on a sound stage, you can do what they call flying walls out, which means basically you could take certain walls out.


So that allows you to shoot interesting angles. You, you put the camera where a wall would be, or for instance, there's no ceiling on, on a sound stage with the set. So you can do a really interesting angle from above that you can feasibly do when there's a, a ceiling on on the room. And then the other thing that it does is it saves travel time. Because if you're all in one stage, a crew is anywhere from 150 to 300 plus crew members. And that takes time and time costs money. And so it means packing up all the trucks and the trailers have to move and all of that stuff. So a lot of the things that were built where, where we shot Buffy was that in Santa Monica on Stewart Street, that the hall was built on the Santa Monica sound stage.


There was actually only one hall for all of the hall sequences. So it was used over and over and Oh, I love that. Yeah. And so, and the library of course was built so they can make a much more elaborate library. And later the graveyard was actually built, not on season one, but on, by the time I came in we had a graveyard in the parking lot as well. Oh, That's hysterical. Wait, like in the wow, in the Stewart Street stages. Yes, Yes. Wow, that's amazing. And then the, the funny thing is, we would start on a Monday at 7:00 AM like let's say we'd have a 7:00 AM call or 6:00 AM You'd start at 6:00 AM on a Monday and then by Friday you'd be shooting on Monday at the interiors.


Especially the vampires who couldn't go out until night. And then on the Friday we would start at 6:00 PM and we would work often, we work 17 hours. So you'd be working until 10 or 11:00 AM on Saturday. And so the show became called by the cast and crew. We all called it Buffy the Weekend Slayer. Should I give you guys a little bit of behind the scenes info? Sure, sure, sure. Oh yes. So John Vage of Optic Nerve made the prosthetics and he won an Emmy for Buffy. He also won for X-Files when it moved from Canada to California and for Babylon five.


and he got the whole gig of Buffy because he had a giant praying mantis already in his shop. Oh really? Yeah. So they knew that the storyline was coming up and they hired him for the show once they saw it. This is like really like heavy craftsmanship in that. Yes. And that, the funny thing is that the praying Mantis had been made for Babylon five and Muta who plays Natalie French was in Babylon five. Oh, she, yeah. Now they do 3D scanning for prosthetics. But at the time they did life casts. And the first one I did ever was for Buffy And. I actually still have it.


In fact, it is used in the basement set of the Darcell chase sequence in our film. No way. Yeah, we put it in there 'cause we thought it would be kind of cool that he had sort of this mold of Jules's head. So I don't know. Have either of you ever had a life cast done for prosthetics? I have not. No. I want to though. Oh my gosh. It's a very trippy experience because it feels like, you know, those impressions you get when you get at the dentist? Sure. Yeah. It feels like, you know how when that happens, you kind of feel like your teeth might come out with it, but they don't. but it feels like when they, yeah, so this really feels like your skin is going to come off when they peel it and they put straws in your nose so that you have a way to breathe while they put all this goop over your head.


James had gone before me. And. I kept saying to myself as I started this process, James has skin. He still has skin. It's on his face. This should be okay. Oh, you were freaked out by it. I was a little, what happened is the technician was really, really nice and he asked me if I was claustrophobic, And. I said, no, no, I, I don't think I'm, I'm claustrophobic. And then they start putting the stuff on and they start to give you the straws. And all of a sudden I thought, well maybe I am claustrophobic. This is a little bit scary. And then he told me that he had just done John Travolta for a film and they had to stop because John completely freaked out. So they never, they couldn't get the cast and they were trying to figure out what else to do.


And so he was just a doll. He literally pet me almost for, 'cause it takes about an hour. and he talked to me and he kind of pet me. And this kind of wild life lesson happened where I was under all the goop with the straws. And I had this moment where I thought, Hmm, it's like this fork in the road. I could either completely lose my shit and freak out Or I could go this other way and not do that. And, I electively thought I'm gonna take that road. And I did. And I was able to do it. And I thought, I gotta apply this to the rest of my life.


This is just really profound and amazing. I think one of the things that I personally love most about the show are like the immersive of elements that you guys have been adding in. Yes. They're so awesome. The intro to the first episode absolutely. Sent me into oblivion. So, So, so good. I love all the vignettes that you do. I'm literally trying to figure out what extra scene you might add. I know like before they even add it, you're like, what are they gonna do? So Frank, not only have you had all kinds of cool guests on the show, but Dilla herself shows up every single episode. And I. Don't think me and her Juliet have talked about this, but this still happens.


And we've been working together for like months now. And every now and again she'll be talking and I'll just go to myself, holy shit, that's Silla. I would do the same thing. Yeah. It just hits me every now, every so often I'm like, oh my God, look what? Hey, you're in Buffy God. Oh My God. Honestly, the same thing happened to me while we were talking to Juliet even now. Like we just jumped on And. I was like, oh my god, that's Silla. Yes. 100%. Holy shit. Aw, That's amazing. But can you actually tell us something interesting? Can you tell us about the missing scene? So the missing scene is something Juliette came up with and she writes all the scripts for.


And it was funny, it gives me a, a space to do fun production stuff. Like where I get to like world build and like build out scenes. 'cause I love audio drama. And so it's fun to like put these kind of scenes together. Oh, I love that. We have a lot of fun like coming up with these, like putting these together. Like she always throws in these amazing ideas. It's like fun to like collaborate with somebody you've been a fan of. Yeah. For so many years. It's just like, oh my God, we're collaborating and we're working on stuff and making creative decisions. It's Like, oh my God, you're illa. We're Creating things together And it gives me an excuse to do silly voices. Oh Hell yeah. All of them. Which is my favorite thing. Oh, that's Always fun. They are basically the, the missing scene from each episode that could have been in the episode that we are focusing on that week.


What would've we have liked to have seen in this this week? Let's, let's, let's make that, yeah, We Love those. And the scenes don't only include Dilla. We've heard from the Master and from Darla. And your portrayal of her was pitch Perfect. Juliet, Let's check out a missing scene. We now welcome our audience to enjoy this recently on Earthed missing scene from the episode. Bring me some young blood.


Okay, but I wanna get something to eat first. Huh? What to wear. Always make my kills for the clothes. My meals are wearing so much easier than shopping. Especially at night. Let's see. No, no, no. Oh this could work but no. Oh wait, I killed that Catholic school girl a couple of months back. Yep. Here it is. This is perfect for blending in. I won't stand out in the least. This school does have uniforms, right?


Huh? Ooh. Oh ooh. This is small. Oh this is small. Ah, there. Okay. Be back soon with your takeout. So guys, what has it been like recording Slayin it. Oh my gosh, it's been such a blast recording it. I had no idea that they were still thinking of me as Dilla I don know that we all are. You'll never escape over. Right, right. But you know Slayin, it is a perfect companion to your podcasts.


Each episode we also discuss the relatable theme. And listeners have been getting in touch with us. They've been telling us their similar experiences. They've been sharing profound and powerful and touching and hilarious and fun and funny stories of their own. And we are also really loving that the fans are coming on the show. We are building up to the ultimate trivia contest that we are calling the Battle of the Uber Buffy fan. Let's Get ready to Buffy. That's always fun. I love that. I'm just amazed this show's happening because it was one of those Hail Mary, I'll ask her.


'cause we had been talking for a few months about just whatever and it's just like, it would be so amazing. 'cause I'm such a huge Buffy fan for so many years. It's like, it'd be great if she wanted to do this show with us. And then she said yes, which I wasn't prepared for. You're like, wait, what now? I was like, she said what? You're like, I pictured you saying yes, but I didn't think you'd actually say yes. Yeah, I just threw it out there. It was like, oh, let's do that then. Oh, we have to do this now. Oh Well it, it was such an organic flow because we met at New York ComicCon where Frank was doing press, And I was there for Slayers the audio drama and also for the worldwide release of my feature film.


And we, we got along really well and Frank came to the New York premiere and he promoted the film and we did all this stuff together. And then we started talking about Buffy and we basically had an episode and we started, Chris came in, we started talking and then we said, wait, why does this not exist? Why? Why has this not been done before with a cast member? This just is crazy. And so then we embarked on the voyage. No, this is seriously the best idea. And it's just been crazy. Like going to the Hellmouth Con where we were at Sunnydale, except for Chris, we couldn't make, Oh, I got it in You. Did you do it? Every episode I bring You gotta remind him every episode that He wasn't able to go.


but it was so wild just being in Sunnydale with the cast. And it's like that that like two months earlier, that wasn't even a thing, a thought that that could ever possibly happen. And now it's like, oh, this is what I do now. Now we're going to Orlando. And it's just like, oh, we're gonna be with the whole like, you know, nine people from the cast. It's like, and we're gonna be doing a show. It's like, okay. Okay's reality. I guess you're like, alright, Life, I guess. No, that's great. Sure. I guess, yeah, we're so excited about this show and I'm so excited that it's like so much fun for you guys to work on. Yeah. And it's such, it really was such a brilliant concept to have like, 'cause you have every angle covered 'cause you have that, like behind the scenes stuff, you have an actual very pivotal cast member, a part of it.


And I. Think it's just like it. Like you said, it's a perfect companion. Like our podcasts are best friends now too. Yay. Yay. We're so excited for you to come on. Slayin as well. That's gonna, Oh we're, oh my gosh, we can't wait. Excited. We cannot wait. Can't wait. So everybody's gotta look out for that. We have been absolutely gobbling up your episodes, but guys, let everybody know where they can find you. Apartment six A Oh, like on the show? Okay. Slayin. It is available every Tuesday we put out a new episode in the watch along, whether it's an interview or a rewatch. And wherever you get podcasts, Re watchers, you heard the man go check out Slayin It with Juliet Landau.


You will not regret it. And this is so exciting to get to do this for Friday the 13th. Yeah, It's perfect. I'm just excited. There is one. It's such an honor to talk to the re watchers. Like you guys are OGs in these buffy rewatch streets. Thank you. No, this is, honestly, we are so excited and we can't wait to see you guys just explode. Oh, thank you. Yeah. And it's so nice to meet you. Like virtually Chris and Frank. I know. Nice to meet you both. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, definitely. You guys are literally the reason I podcast, so. Oh. Oh My God. Thank you. Thank you. This Is a full circle moment for me. Oh, That's so cool. And we Showed you how professional we are that yes.


We can't even fucking That makes you feel better now. See, six years in it doesn't get any different. Yeah. How the sausage is made over here. That's funny. But thank you so much guys. This has been awesome and we can't wait to join you on Slayin It.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.