
Hey, weirdos. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad-free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us If you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Creating really great retail experiences is tough, especially with multiple stores, teams of staff, fulfillment centers, separate workflows. It's a lot, but with Shopify point of sale, you can do it all without complexity. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep shoppers coming back with personalized experiences and first party data that give marketing teams a competitive edge. In fact, it's proven based on a report from EY businesses on Shopify POS see real results, like 22% better total cost of ownership and benefits, equivalent to an 8.9% uplift in sales on average relative to the market set surveyed. Want more? Check out at Shopify dot com slash Wondery, all lowercase, and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. Shopify dot com slash Wondery.


Hey, weirdos. I'm Ash. I'm Alina. And I'm Andrew. And This is a special episode of Morbid everybody. It is special. We have a guest we do. Yay. Andrew McMahon on the show. You might know him from one of his several bands. We've got Something Corporate, Jax Mannequin or Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness. That's me. Welcome. Yeah, I'm glad to be here. Thanks for having You're all of those. Thanks for having me. Yeah, of Course. Thanks for coming. Thanks for coming for being In the studio. It's like such a cool place to be. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm honored.


So are we. So getting into the questions, I did read that you are somewhat of a child prodigy when it came to the piano. What drew you to the piano so young? I mean, it's gonna get heavy really quick. You know, I, I, I had a, we had like a loss in our family. My, my uncle passed away and right around that same time I had a friend's dad teach me how to play a Jerry Lee Lewis song on the piano. And I'd never, I mean, I, I had piano lessons a little bit as a kid, but I took the chord that he taught me and all of a sudden just started writing songs. And that was kind of how I processed my grief from losing my uncle.


And that was it for me. I was like, this is the thing. This is It. You know, that like writing songs became my, my whole, like I would come home from school and I would just sit at the piano until I was told I had to go to sleep or do something for school or whatever. I love that. And, and it's been, it's been that way ever since. That's when, you know, it's meant to be When it's something that like heals apart, you know? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I just started trying to learn. I got like a keyboard. It's hard. Yeah. I mean, I think when you're, I think when you're nine it's like a whole other right? Your everything Is so much easier. Meltable Yeah. You have that whole sort of neuroplasticity or whatever. Yeah. And, and, and I really liked it, right? So it wasn't like I, I didn't start going to piano lessons until like maybe a year or two after that.


And, and so for me it was just like constant discovery and, and like you said, it was like, it was a way to process Yeah. My world, you know? So I just, I I, I think I blew past the, its hard part until I got into like having to study classical music and then I was like, this sucks hard. Yeah. That's Like real hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I was, I wasn't a great student, but I, I sort of did what I had to, to learn how to navigate the piano and, and read and do all that and do all that stuff. But it was always just like a safe haven for me and it worked out. Yeah. I Think, yeah, we're all pretty Thankful for that. It's been the only real job I've had to have my whole life, which is, that's bad. Which is, is is a really a huge gift.


I mean, I'm always wondering when the bottom will drop out, but, but never, but, but yeah, so far so good. Yeah. Well you've been making music since like 1998. Yeah. Well, I mean since you were a kid, but officially, yeah. Yeah. So Something Corporate, which was like my sort of official second high school band. We, throughout my like, you know, junior senior of high school kind of continued to get bigger and I sort of skipped college and, and focused on that. And miraculously we got signed when I was 18. That's incredible. And that was sort of the beginning of, of all of it. So I, I, you know, semi corporate did really well and we, we toured a ton and put out records and, and then, you know, I've kind of hopped from like about every 10 years or so start a new project 'cause I am restless, I guess you could say.


Yeah. And yeah, it's, it's been a, a journey for sure. And I've had good fans who are willing to follow me through multiple name changes. Here we're, yeah. Something Corporate was my thing in high school. Like I really, I Love that 16-year-old Elena. So Yeah. 16-year-old Elena was like at every show, every single Show. I think that's how we connected was. 'cause I started having fans message me on Instagram. Yeah. They're like, you got, you got mentioned on the Morbid podcast. That's so, so funny to think about. And I like the first one. I was like, oh, that's cool. And then I saw another, you know, another few roll through and then I was like, you're like, You're like, who are these people?


I'm like, we should reach out to these women. They keep talking about us. And it seemed, and it seems like they're pretty popular. And then we met at the, what was it, Roadrunner show? Yeah. It not the Roadrunner show on the Something Corporate reunion. Yep. Thanks to Connor. Yes. Shout out Connor forever. Connor's a good man. He's a very good man. Yeah. My tour manager, he's our Gen Z holding down the hell. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, we, we like to, I I like to bring young, young bucks into the mix and, and bring 'em up. That's always been sort of a, a part of our mission. And Connor Rose the ranks from, from content to now he's tour managing. He's tour manager. Yeah. Yeah. He's a good representation of Gen Z. He He is, he is. He's actually like, he's the Representation. I'm, I'm a hu I hate the whole kids these days.


Philosophy. I know. I really like, to me, I feel like it's such a, it's such a sign of you're not actually paying attention. And I've had, I've had my whole perception of the Gen Z universe reshaped by Connor and his, his people and people we've brought into our camp. I love that. You know, these guys are actually hard workers and super fun and Yeah. Very fashionable. Yeah. And all the they are, yeah. Yeah. Very Fashionable. I'm a, I'm a huge fan. You Gotta meet the right Gen Zs. I'm a millennial, so I like, I Was on border just on the cusp. I like to say I'm a millennial 'cause you know, gen Z gets a lot of hate. Well, what's funny is like, I always rejected the fact that I was a millennial because I, I graduated in 2000 and we didn't have a, like a qualification.


Yeah. We were just sort of in this nether group between Gen X and whatever was coming next. And then I think by the time I was 30, then they started calling us millennials. Yeah. And I was like, I I denounced this. You Like No, I Was, yeah. Yeah. I don't like this qualification designation. I, I worked at Hollywood Video. Oh yeah. In high school. Like RIP video stores, guys. That's where you could rent movies. Bring where You could rent VHS tapes. Oh yeah. And also DVDs. Yeah. My favorite job ever. And I used to make like, 'cause we would be able to pick what could be on the screens. Yeah. And I would make everybody play this 1D VD and it was like drive through records. Oh yeah. Did a d VD with Your and I would make them play it just so we could have the Something Corporate performance.


That's amazing. I love that. Like over and over. I had many of my friends were Blockbuster video employees. Hell yeah. And we used to go hang out at Blockbuster Yep. On the weekends. 'cause they would just, you know, they'd smoke weed in the back. Yeah. And, and like be That's right. And you know, like we're proper degenerate blockbuster employee, man managerial staff. And, and yes, I do. I I miss the blockbuster. It's such a good vibe. Yeah. It's a good vibe. It Really's something I wish I experienced. I remember Blockbuster like a little bit from being like five and six. Yeah. But beyond that, no. I mean, the truth is the new model is working better. There were oftentimes there were no videos available at Very true. Very true. But it was a, it was a fun sort of snapshot. It just the environment. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. It's like a cozy vibe. Well, going back to the music, how would you say your relationship with music has kind of changed and evolved throughout all the years that you've been doing it? I mean, look, I think, you know, you're an author so, you know, it's like, as you, you know, you start by writing 'cause it's just like a reflex and it's, and it's this exploratory thing. And I think the, the biggest shift is that you have to continue to find ways to explore and, and make it fresh and make it exciting. So like I've, I've changed processes over the years. Right. You know, I think when some of that like, oh, I just have to be sitting at the piano all day. And they're like, now I have a family and I spend a lot of time on the road. So I do, you know, I, I do little tricks to sort of reengage myself in the writing process.


So I'll write with other people that I'm really excited about. I, I try and always like, surround myself with writers that are both older and younger than me. You know, just so I can, you know, like I love having people in the room that are still in that phase of, of writing where they're like hyper creative and, and just super hungry and it keeps me hungry. So I think that's change. And then what you write about changes, right? Yeah, of course. So as you get, as you get to certain stages of life and the questions are changing about what is relevant or what's important to you, you know, you have to find new ways in to discuss those things. Yeah. I I feel like changing projects for me is like a, has been a part of that.


Right. So it's like Something Corporate was like very much about, you know, all of the things that you encounter in like high school and, and coming of age intense emotion. Yes. Yeah. And it's a lot of makeups and breakups and, and I, I think our industry, like the music business is fueled on a lot of that. And as somebody who wants to write and perform and do this till the day I die, you know, I've had to sort of shift my thinking. You know, a lot of Jack's mannequin was a, I I got sick when I was in the middle of that project. So I had cancer and I was a cancer survivor. I was like, how do you write about that? You know? And, and, and then, you know, and then sort of shifting into this next phase, a lot of it's been about keeping my edge while maintaining a family and a and a life and, and you know, how to look after my kid and those questions that come with fatherhood and trying to stay creative.


You know? So I, I think those are are sort of, you know, big parts of how I shift and, and yeah. Try and stay creative. I love that because you can look back on every stage of your life and there's a song for it. Yeah. Or an album for it really. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And I think too, like I've tried really hard because a lot of my fans have grown up with me. Like, rather than making the mistake, I think a lot of people do as they get older in their, their artistic processes or trying to sort of recreate their, their youth and still sing about those things. And I, I think it's the, the challenge for me is like, how do I really talk about what's relevant to me now and put that in a pop song, you know?


And, and that can be tricky. Yeah. But, but I think If you strike on something that's universal, it applies backwards and forwards and Yeah. And you know, I I, I want people who've been with me for a really long time to be like, oh, he's talking to an experience that I'm having right now because we're a similar age and going through similar things in life. But also if I do it well, you know, you could be 15 and pick up that record and, and it will land. You know, most of the artists I was listening to when I was 15 were much older than I was. And somehow those songs were still connecting. Yeah, Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. That's like what you just said, like people who've listened to you have grown up with you now. Yeah. So like, it's funny 'cause when we went to the Something Corporate concert where we met, it was funny to look around and see like, I was like, oh, it's just like a bunch of moms and dads being like, just like transporting back into like Something Corporate days.


Yeah. But it's fun because it's like we've been able to relate to you and the music the entire way through and you can feel like the shifts, but they're so smooth because like, you are going, like, we're going into that phase. Yeah. So we are gonna go in there together. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just been really nice. Like even, I, like last night we were talking about Bluey and I was like, wow, we're just parents now together. Yeah. Like, it's wild. I, you know, I think it's, it's like a task, but I think it's a worthy one. And I'm like, I'm, I'm super reverent of the fact that there are people who I've been seeing at shows since they were, you know, high school, middle-aged kids coming out to see me when I was not much older than them. I was 18 or 19. But it felt like a world apart. Right. When you, you're sort of like grown and then you have like a kid in the audience now, you know, now we're sort of orbiting the same Yeah.


Life trajectories and Right. And I really like, I, I wanna make music for those people who have been in those rooms and I, I want them to have songs that, that they can connect to at this stage of wherever they're at. You're killing it. Well, thank you. I try really hard And it tricks down. 'cause there was like three generations of us at that show. Yeah. Because it was Elena, me and my little cousin. Yeah. So it's like all I started listening to you when I was like six. Yeah. And then still, Because like you're listening, My cousin's like three singing, like, I woke up in a car. So it does trickle down. Yeah. Well, like the shows I went to when I was, you know, the first shows I was going to, a lot of them were bands. My, my brothers and sisters, three of 'em are, are 10, 12 years older than I am.


And you know, I went to see REM when I was, you know, when I was in the seventh grade or whatever and, you know, and I became a huge Tom Petty fan. And like going to those shows, seeing the young people that are picking, were picking up, you know, Heartbreakers Yeah. To me, to my people, my brothers and sisters ages and older, you know, in, in a dream world, that's really what you want. Yeah. You want to see people across generations connecting to what you do. Yeah. And, and that's sort of the, the fight I'm in every day is just to, to sort of make sure that, you know, it spreads to as, as many people across generations as possible. It works. Yeah, it does. Working. My youngest is obsessed with Happy love that new single, she was like, wait a second, he sings happy.


I was like, yep. And she's five. So you're an S Yeah. That's, that's the deal. Yeah. That You're, that sense. Yeah. Well finally to transition us into like our world of Morbid and macab, you have a song with your band, Something Corporate called Me in the Moon. Yes. My of Its a little more my favorites. More eerie and haunting. It's like not the typical style for you. Yeah. So tell us a little bit about where the idea for that song came from, like how it came to be. Well see, like when we, we put out the first something for record, and I think a lot of that music was really reflective of sort of our high school post high school journey. 'cause a lot of those songs were written in that time. And that was sort of the first record we went out and toured the world with and got it noticed for.


And then, you know, by that point that I was coming back to write those songs for North, you know, I was just in a much different head space and I was like, I wanted to do something moodier. And, and I, it was like the first time I was, I was living in Jordan Pundit from Newfound Gloria. I was living in his That's wild Guest room, you know? And, and it was sort of the first time I'd lived away from my parents and, and, and so I had all this freedom just to sit in a room and write all day. And I, I mean, I would be lying to say I wasn't like smoking a ton of weed at that point. And, and just playing the piano and just trying to find new, new chords and new new chord shapes and progressions. And, and I, I got to the, this sort of piano figure that plays under that, the verses of that song, which I was like, this is so cool.


Like, I really, it felt like a, something really new for me. And the first words that showed up were, it was, it's a good year for a murder. That's so good. It's such a good opening line. I I remember even in that moment being like, oh, this is gonna land pretty interesting. I feel like this is different. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, punk rock princess to, yeah, let's talk about murder. You know, but I, I was just in love with it and I, and it, it sort of wrote it itself, like the verses of wrote itself and it became about this sort of idea of like a suburban mother finally reaching her breaking point with her husband.


Missing out on a show that everyone is talking about just simply is not an option for me. I'm constantly signing up for this streaming service or that one. I have like 400 gajillion. And then a few months later I realized that I've still been paying for this service way after I finished the show. And I actually don't watch anything else on that network. Getting Rocket Money though was a game changer for me. They'll find your unwanted subscriptions and even help you cancel them so that you never have to worry about them slipping through the cracks. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. For ones that you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $750 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions today and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I have such an incredible support system around me. I'm so lucky to have a husband who supports literally everything I do. I have a sister who is always behind my back. Actually. I have two sisters who's always behind my back In a good way. Cheering me on. Support systems are so important. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, and idols. They don't all have the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. Therapy can be a source of support for any area in your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. I absolutely love therapy. I just started doing therapy again and it is a game changer. I always feel a million times better just having that one place to go once a week, once every other week, whatever it is, just to chat about what's going on in my life and kind of download it all and actually have a place where I can really dissect the different things that I'm going through. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, and it's serving over 5 million people worldwide. Build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ Morbid.


And you know, I grew up in a, a amazing house and by the time I was, you know, in high school, it was like a, you know, a lot, it was like a house full of women. It was like my sister and my mom and, and me and you know, my mom never tried to kill my dad. So there's, there's, there's, there's nothing that spelled that right now. I, I think I could relate to the angst of that just having been, you know, my mom and I were super close growing up and, and so it was like, originally it was a courtroom drama. Like the chorus was like, was all about what happens after. Oh, I love that. The, the, the murder and then I it didn't fit right. Whittled down and, and me and the band were on tour in, we were in Amsterdam I think, or Oh cool. Something like that or no, maybe.


Yeah, we were, we were, you know, we were in leads and ended up meeting up with a couple of the drive through bands and went on a very wild sort of psychedelic journey. Nice. And I remember I was following the moon all night by myself. That's amazing. Through Lee's England. I was like, I was certain it was calling me, it was in the moon. I won't paint the details of what led me to that moment, but, but I remember just going like, I just want to go see where this moon is at. Hell yeah. And I just followed it through the streets. It was here in the moon. Yeah, yeah. Totally. Until I ended up like locked in a, in a ho a hotel bathroom. And I, I had this piece of paper and I just wrote, it's me in the moon and I like, oh my God, stall.


And it was That's amazing. The handwriting was, it was like cursive and just kind of like, like super, like writing the words was actually a part of the journey. And, and I woke up with that piece of paper and I, and I ended up on a stage sound checking and I finished the song on stage and I was like, and just wrote the chorus to the rest of the song that Wow. That day. And, and yeah, it's been one of my favorites forever. And the fact that fans followed us into that, that phase was such a huge thing because I was like, are they gonna hate me for taking this hard left turn into six eight sort of murder mystery song. It was welcome.


That's, but yeah, it was, it, that song was a, was a journey from start to finish and still I think like is a high watermark for the Something Corporate Catalog for sure. Yes, definitely. I remember hearing that song for the first time and being like, what is, I was, excuse me. Loved it. It was definitely challenge to fans that to be like, do you want to go here? And, and but it gave me a lot of hope for the future too. Yeah. That it was like, okay cool. I can, I can stretch out and and people will take a chance and follow. Oh yeah. If we'll go with you for murder. Yeah. Yeah. The sky's the limit. Anyone's the limit. Like, you're good. It's such a great Song. Thank you so much. And I think now we can go into dancing plagues.


Yes. You know, quite the transition because you know, music dancing, you do a lot of dancing on stage. Yeah. I love, I love to dance. It's part of the whole thing. Yeah. So we're gonna talk about dancing plagues and we're also gonna talk about a couple of nunneries that just had some stuff going on that I thought was pretty in. I love hysteria is kind of where we're Going here. I was raised a Catholic, so I'm, I'm, I'm all, I'm all forgetting into the, the, the, let's do this phase Of this. So this is, we're gonna start way back. This was on Christmas Eve in 10 21 Ce Oh shit. Way back. This is the be, this is where it begins. So this small German town called Kolbe. I looked up all these pronunciations. So don't come for me.


No. You always kill the pronunciations. I try in a good way. I try. Sometimes I kill it the other way. But, so 18 of the town's residents gathered outside of the church and started dancing. Just started dancing and carrying on with wild abandon. And the noise from these dancers made it impossible for the priest to deliver masks. So he went outside and he started to reprimand the group and they were just seeming completely oblivious to him. Like, it wasn't like they were ignoring him. They just like didn't even know he was there. Just kept going. And, and rather than heed the priest's words, which at that time people would heed that priest's words. Yeah. You had to, they just continued dancing and clapping and leaping and they were forming what would later be documented to be called a ring dance of sin.


Oh. Obsessed. Which I kind Of love. I want in Right. Where do we sign up for the ring dance of sin. So according to the legend, the priest who was very angry, very incensed about the interruption and disrespect quite frankly, cursed them all to dance for the entire year. And none of them were able to regain control of their bodies until the following Christmas. What We, the priest did this, which I didn't realize Priests could curse people. So, so he insisted that they keep going because they had even started, he Was like, oh, you wanna dance, you're gonna dance until next Christmas. Yeah. Wow. And they did. And by the time the curse was ended, the group was exhausted and reportedly fell into a deep sleep.


And a lot of them never woke up from that deep sleep. So of them died. So they died. So he just straight up killed some Oy priest. Yeah. I can I ask practical questions about Absolutely. Food and Yeah. And bathroom. No, none of That. None of that. In fact, many of these dancing plagues, food bathroom breaks, like sleep don't happen. Not necessary. They just dance through it. And that's how most of them die. Wow. So They just like, like there's deaths that come out of these. Are they just like piano over Themselves? Probably. It's probably it's reckless. Like whatever is happening there is a lot. So some people live for a year doing this? I guess so. Or they would join I think maybe. Okay. Others would join.


So given you know how old this story is, obviously I'm sure there's been some embellishments. Yeah. But according to historian John Waller, there was nothing in the story that medieval people found hard to believe. Like, to be quite honest, they're like, yeah, whatever sounds good. Like yeah, people probably would dance themselves for a year to death because it was a society that was very accustomed to assigning supernatural explanations to literally anything they couldn't understand. So the idea of such crazy behavior being the result of a curse from a holy man was like, yeah, obviously. Yeah. Like that's what happened. Why not? And as he points out, plenty of sources indicate that this obscure, chronic alert may have embellished a real event.


So it, there was truth to this. Basically the details might have been a little bit exaggerated, but that like manic and like uncontrollable dance that they were doing probably happened. 'cause it has happened. Yeah. So these, this was kind of the beginning of like dancing plagues being documented. Now, 200 years later in a German town of Erhart looked it up. A similarly crazy and bizarre outbreak of dancing mania broke out in 1247. So this time at least 200 people are said to have gathered on a bridge. Oh. And it was over the Moel River in Masic where they danced until the bridge collapsed.


Stop it. And all of them died, said, Rocket to the wheels fall off. They did. And then they died and then that was It. Bridge collapsed. Everyone died. That was it. And then there's, so that happened. How long were they up there for? Does It say? It doesn't say how long, but I feel like it probably wasn't that long. Lot people 'cause 200 people a bridge. It's lot of people. Yeah. And I don't think the structural integrity of bridges in 1247 was like something of note, not quite the same As I'm Assuming they all just went down. But there is a second version of this story. So there is like a little wiggle room. Okay. So this one, in this version of the story, the same thing happened except everyone didn't die, people died. But there were survivors and people say that some of those survivors were taken to a nearby chapel where they kept dancing.


And, and this nearby chapel was dedicated to St. Va, which, or Viti, excuse me, where these people received treatment for their quote unquote mania. And many of them were restored to full health. Okay. So they said they went to the specific chapel and that's what cured Them. And they never danced again. Never danced again. It's a fla, a flash mob gone wrong. Flash, flash Mob gone horribly wrong. And then a chapel was able to heal any of the survivors. And St. Vitus comes up a few times. What, what, what's St. Viti the saint of That's Apparently he's like that he has something to do with dance. Like he has something to do with this and he is able to, he's got brought up a lot.


'cause the dancing madness actually gets translated into being called Saint Vitus dance. Oh nice. So what is he the, is he a patron saint of anything? Hold on, let's look. You're like, Wait a second. I'm excited for this Because he comes up a lot, A patron saint of of standing still. Of chilling. Of chilling. So his name is sometimes rendered guy or Guido was a Christian, a Christian martyr I know from Sicily. I know his surviving hagiography Obviously. Yeah. That is pure legend. Blah blah blah. I don't know if he's a patron saint. He's the patron saint of dance. Let's, I think we can all agree with that. Let's Go with that. Yeah, Exactly. You'll take what? Yeah, it is, yeah. It is also led to vi being considered the patron state of dancers and entertainers in general.


Boom. He has also said to protect against lightning strikes, animal attacks and oversleeping. That's Sick of him. Yeah. I appreciate That. He does not guide me. I'm oversleeping all the time. He didn't help the first group that that slept until they died. Didn't help them. Now it's from this like second telling of that story that the affliction got the name Kros mania, which is Greek. And it translates to dancing madness. And that's, and now it's more well known as St. Vitus dance. So he gets to, he gets to be named in the affliction. That's fun. Now over time the terminology would change a little bit, but the behavior would be end would end up being called coria, which is an actual disorder.


And it's incorrectly that like referred to as that because this disorder is a disorder of the central nervous system that causes like irregular, like brief jerking moment like movements. Okay. But it's not dancing. They meant choreo. Yeah. It's just they meant choreo. Yeah. And then choreo is not that. It's not hanging with your homies on a bridge. Yeah. Dancing until it falls Down. So If you ever Hear somebody the time of your Life, you correct them. If you ever hear them saying it. Okay. I'm Sure it comes up a Lot all the time. It's very common in my, it comes Up on the road a lot. So these two early examples were to, were contained to Germany, but a similar form of hysteria that kind of had like similar, you know, symptoms to, it was known as tism.


Okay. And it emerged in the 13th century in Italy. And according to Robert Bartholomew, which I am obsessed with, the name Barolo. Same. I love it a lot. Why isn't it used anymore? I don't know. He said people asleep or awake would suddenly jump up feeling an acute pain like the sting of a bee. Some saw the spider, others did not. But they knew that it must be from the tarantula, Like capital T. The spider. The spider. Okay. Not a spider. Nope. The spider. The only Spider the only one. Only Spider. They ran out of the house into the street to the marketplace dancing in great excitement. Soon they were joined who like them had been bitten or by people who had been stung in previous years for the disease was never quite cured.


The poison remained in the body and reactivated every year in the heat of the summer. What I, I love, I love That. This is amazing. I wish it, I wish this still happened. Yeah, I know. I feel like it probably does. Yeah. Maybe We just don't hear about it. Let's make it happen. Let's make it flash. Mobs are actually this. Yeah. Pretty much. They've all been bitten. They Have by the spider. The spider, the Spider. And it happens in the heat of I like that. It like reactivates in the heat of the summer. Yeah. Like summer we're gonna get crazy with it. Like let's Party. Yeah. Makes Sense. And it's called tism. And it's most often girls and young women are afflicted. Ah. Probably. 'cause they're like hysteria. Am I right? The girls, I'm so random. Yeah.


And that's when it got labeled hysteria when they were like, oh, girls and young women get it. Yeah. Hysteria, like the dancing plagues. There was no identifiable cause of the tarran because like a tarantula bite doesn't cause this. You don't say so Like there's no reason for this. But they just believed it to be like a mass like psychogenic illness. Which is even scarier. Yeah. A little bit. It's probably just a reaction to the times that's Probably bored. Like in the end. That kind of is what it feels like. It is. We feel depressed now. It's time to wild out. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a better version of the the witch trials. Yeah. Yeah. Like a Way better version A Actually the way better.


Yeah. So the early instances of the dancing plagues were pretty limited in size and scope. And they were again like limited to specific locations. But then came 1374, y'all an outbreak of dancing mania started in a German city of Aiken, I believe it is. And it eventually spread to other cities outside of Germany. So it's happening dancing Everywhere. Were they all happening at the same time? Was it like Some of them were okay and then some of them would start at the end of the next one. And it was just like a continu continuous wave like continuous thing. Yeah. Like a wave in a Stadium. The outbreak of 1374 sometimes referred to as St. John's dance began like the others.


So it was like a small group forming a circle in the town square starting to dance with each other. But the thing that keeps happening with these is they start to dance and it's like fine. And then they get more frenzied and it just like loses all control. And that's what they lose control of their senses. They don't care who's near them. They're like whirling around, like looking like they're in like a state of just like ecstasy. Like it's like a Like a rave. Yeah, Like a straight up Rave. I was at a show like last year. It feels similar like that Happened. You're like, I had this. That was It. Yeah. Some would dance for hours, some would dance for days at a time. Not stopping. Not stopping to eat, drink, sleep, piss anything.


Damn. So there's the, there's the, there. It's, yeah, there we go. And when they did finally stop, the dancers all spoke of some undeniable compulsion to dance. And then they would complain of extreme oppression and groaned as if in the agony of death. What? And then they would groan until they were swathed in clothed brought bound tightly around their waist. What? Well they're, I feel like they probably were aching from dancing. Yeah. You ever take a Zumba classs? It's a lot. It's, you know, You need one of those little roller ball Things. Yeah. Just get it all out. Yeah. Or that little machine we have that can like hit like Get a Oh, I love that thing. A tight muscle Out. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So a short time later, the dancer's pain would subside 'cause they would get the roller ball Or do whatever they needed to do when they finished Zumba And they remained pain free until the next compulsion came over them. And then it would keep happening. Like they would go through periods of time where they were fine and then they just start dancing a fool again. Oh no. Yeah. Did Was there, did they say they enjoyed the dancing when they were doing it? Or was it, I think they were in like a trance, so I don't think they could even remember it. They didn't know. They just felt the pain afterwards. Damn. Which sucks. Yeah. But within a few weeks that plague, the St. John's dance plague had spread to Lee Trekked and Tong Grays. Those places. Those places.


And then further Out To towns in Belgium and the Netherlands. Wow. And according to one account, they danced together ceaselessly for hours or days. And in wild delirium the dancers collapsed and fell to the ground, exhausted groaning and sighing as if in the agos of death. And many later claimed that they had seen. This is literally my favorite thing I've ever heard, by The way. I'm so excited. Many of them claimed that they had seen the walls of heaven split open and that Jesus and the virgin Mary had appeared before them. Were they dancing? Were Jesus and Mary dancing? No. That would be fun. I say I would love, I cannot say,


You know that feeling when you're at the grocery store and you know you're prioritizing your health, you're reading the nutrition labels, but you're going down the grocery store aisles trying to understand what the heck they're telling you and they're just beyond confusing. Well that is why I love Thrive Market. Thrive Market is my go-to online grocery store for getting all my healthy essentials delivered. And I don't even have to leave my couch. I don't know about you, but I want to be able to pronounce the ingredients on my grocery labels. I am currently obsessed with the Goodall mac and cheese. The Goodall noodles are so good. They're super high protein. And I made like a Healthy girl hamburger helper the other night with those good old noodles. And I will not shut up about it. They also have so many onsite filters that make it simple to shop by your needs. Whether it's gluten-free snacks, high protein meals, or non-toxic cleaning products. I personally filtered for high protein options. You know, like good old, but I also stocked up on Primal Kitchen sausages. Oh, those STE chips. I fricking love those. They're such a time saver. Ready to make the switch. You should be go to thrive market.com/ Morbid for 30% off your first order, plus a free $60 gift. That's T-H-R-I-V-E market.com/ Morbid thrive market.com/ Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


But the walls of heaven split open during this dancing session. You just have to dance Your way into heaven. That's all. That's It. I feel like that's actually probably true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, that's di it seems like a reaction to whatever their, whatever their religious being oppressed by and so Yeah. Yeah. They're like, they're like, okay, we have to chill, but if we just go freak out, hell yeah. And we can, we can claim Yeah, we're we're on, we're we're seeing heaven. They're Like, it's like, God, it's a religious path we're following. They're like, Jesus and Mary are over here. Like they Came in, they're like, let's Go. They're joining this. The ring of sin, whatever It was. Be fun if the priest joined in at that point, they're like, is this how we do it? This is how we go. That's how fun masks Jesus and Mary are here, you said.


Yeah. So for the next hundred years, people in Germany and surrounding countries would periodically fall into these trances and manias. A hundred years. Yeah. In 1491. This is literally my favorite thing ever. By the way, in 1491, several residents of a nunnery, here we go in the Habsburg Netherlands, were overcome with the compulsion to dance. But this time it wasn't just dancing. So there was some that just like were getting their groove on. And then they would also be accompanied by instances of none. Hold on your habits. Oh no. They would climb trees and behave like cats. What? And they would all meow together.


Rad. I love this. I just, I that this wasn't on film Climbing up the, just climbing in a full habit. Like that's all I'm thinking Of is like full nun gear. Just like lifting a tree. A tree. Just what the fuck? I love it. Also in this delirium it gets, it gets racy. 'cause they would sexually proposition the priest. Good. Iconic. And then It got better. 'cause the priests were like, no, no. And they would call Exorcist to be like, clearly this demon's afoot. And when the exorcist would come, the nuns would sexually proposition the exorcist. I'm Obsessed with it. I don't know why I love it so much. Let them live. Yeah. Let them live. Yeah.


Like, And like the people in 11th century Germany, the nuns affliction was believed to be a curse, obviously brought by St. Viti. And it was apparently supposed to be in response to the supposed moral laxity and split from the church of the period. So they were like, ah, now we, now we've got our answer. Here it comes. Yeah. So that's what that and I guess other su supernatural suspects in the case that were brought up where St. John the Baptist demons as a whole, of course any demon will do the Hierarchy of demons And Satan himself. Oh shit. Yeah. Which apparently some of the nuns, while they were sexually propositioning the priests and the exorcists and not getting any, they were getting pushback.


They were like, well that's fine because I have also fucked Satan. So Like they were Literally Being like, wait, the nuns would say that. Yeah. They were literally, I don't, probably not like that. They probably ended nomen saying Maybe They've had relations with the devil. Wow. Basically. Yeah. So they were claiming it like, let's go girls. When it was over, were they allowed to stay in the nunnery or were they, were they exiled? Good question. That's a great question. I don't, I don't think they were exiled. Okay. But perhaps they were. I feel like when you said you fuck the devil, I feel like that's your time to step out. Skirt out. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think They're gonna find a new path in life. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think you get like a, this is one strike. Yeah. Like Kind of thing. Now in the 15th century in German, this is another nunnery because this is awesome.


One nun started biting the others. Hmm. Was she Dancing first or, she just started, Was no dancing Involved. Was she one of the cat nuns? That's the, She was not one of the cat nuns. Okay. Interesting. This is a different nunnery. Okay. Okay. So she starts biting the other nuns and then they were all like, wow, that sucks. Like, don't do that. And then After a while, direct quote. Yeah. They're like, wow. Direct quote on the record, that sucks. Stop doing that. And then one of them was like, well I guess I'll just bite you back. Which like I can fair. Yeah. You know, like, if she's still biting you don't bite me. Bite her back. Yeah. And one of them bit her back and then they all started biting each other. Oh. And then they were just rapidly biting you. Like all of them just started biting each other. Biting the priests. Oh, I, they brought the Piece.


This is not a sanitary time. It's never a good time to bite anybody. But that's bad. But are they still dancing while they're biting? That's the question. I feel Like dancing may not have been a part of this one. It might have just been a biting, interesting scenario. But it would be really funny to think of them dancing and biting. Get their groove on Is gr and every once in A while the beat Drops and they bite someone. That's, Yeah. So then words spread about this affliction. 'cause people were like, whoa, have you heard of this? These nuns go crazy. And the affliction started spreading. The biting one. Yeah. Now the biting one's going, we got a lot going on. Apparently Nunneries and Saxon Berg and Brendan Berg, you know Holland now even Rome. Whoa. It it all biting each other and biting the priests.


And meowing and meowing. There was meowing as well. Awesome. And it only stopped. And this is literally documented. It says it only stopped 'cause they got exhausted. Exhausted of biting each other. They just got Tired At, at some point You're gonna get tired. Tired. Now I wonder how Long. I know. How long can you bite someone? I don't know. Write in. So More podcast at gmail com. Let Us know. Do an experiment. Be great. If after this airs, these plagues begin spreading all over Again. Like cops imagine. Yeah. Yeah. We're responsible now. By far the most notorious of the dancing plagues occurred in Strasbourg France in July 15, 18.


This is the one that a lot of people know about. Okay. The event began pretty innocuously. It was just a single older woman just going into the streets, into the city center. Her name was Frow Tro, I think is what I say it. That's how I say it. Yeah. She's walked out And she was like, let's do this. And she just started dancing, said, Let's dance, let's Go. Yeah. She to David Bowie before Bowie Late Bowie. Yeah. Hell yeah. That's where David Bowie came from. He came from a dancing plane Ary of, of dancing that. Yeah. A dancing pla in a nunnery Cannon. That is where David Bowie came from. He came from a dancing plague. It was Frow. So by Midgut. And she wouldn't stop Of course.


'cause that's how These worked. She had A plague. She had a plague. By mid August, hundreds of people had joined her in the town square. Again. A foosh mob. Yeah. All of them uncontrollable. And like the previous ones, the dancers in Strasberg never stopped to eat, never stopped to drink, sleep. Nothing. Not long after the mania began, quote as many as 15 people a day dropped dead. Oh My God. What a to go out though. I mean, It seemed like, I mean there are a lot of ways you could die back then, but it seems like dancing would've been one of the better ones That day. Yeah. Yeah. It's like real plague or dancing plague at that point. Yeah. Dance baby. I'm picking dancing Plague. Yeah. Yeah.


And they just kept going so people would be dropping dead and they were still dancing their bodies. It's like they stopped and were like, pause. Like let's get this one out. Nope. They just danced. People dropping. Wow. Yeah. And unlike many of the earlier dancing plagues, which were recounted a lot, like they, they would kind of change over time. Like folklore. This one, this particular one in 1518 was very well documented. Like it's a real event that is very documented. It's appeared in everything from historical text, news accounts, church and medical documents. It's like in a lot of things. And according to many of these documents, the women who start, or the woman who started the plague was brought to a church devoted to, can we guess St.


Vincent? St. Viti. Oh, Viti. My bad. Maybe St. Vincent Sense too. Who knows, A few days after she started dancing, they were brought, she was brought to a church devoted to him And she was cured Apparently. Well, and this is while the other people are still dancing. They're still going. They started, they're like, you started this, we're gonna take care of you. Yeah. But we're gonna let the others go. Yeah. They're trying to chop the head off the snake and see if it all falls. Maybe if she stops. Yeah. Yeah. She maybe Frow stops. No, they all just kept going. 'cause in the days after that, others started joining more. Even like the, as soon as her absence was felt, they were like, we need to beef this up. Let's dance dance for her. Let's more people in here. Let's, so in order to curtail the mania, the city forbade musicians to perform publicly.


Aw boo. Which like, that sucks. Lame. Yeah. Kind of a killjoy. And eventually started taking the dancers one by one to the St. Vitus church to get treatment. And no matter how quickly they removed the dancers off the streets to St. Vita's church there, they were just replaced by new dancers. People would just show up. It's like one leaves five more coffee. Yeah. They had alternates. See they, They, they had to cancel the musicians. 'cause they're like, this is easy for us. We could just go and we already have an audience Like, oh yeah, let's go. I know. They were like, we can really get big here. Yeah. Yeah. This Is our spot. They're like running around the dancers being like, listen to my demo. Like get, get a record deal out here.


No. In the decades and centuries that followed, this dancing plagues continued across Europe with significant events securing in the 16th and 17th centuries in Switzerland and Italy. And there hasn't been like a really documented case of dancing mania in a lot of centuries. But Tarran, which is like thought to be kind of similar, has been documented in Italy as recently as the 1950s. Oh shit. So, So remind me, TISM, it isn't dancing but it's just sort of like, It's Kind of dancing. It is. Okay. Yeah, it is kind of dancing, but it's like a little different because they claim it's from a spider. Okay. Like you get bit by a torrential, which I didn't even know they had torrential in Italy.


That was news to me. I don't think I knew that either. I don't know where I thought torrential is. Were Australia. I think everything's Period. Australia, I, I can attest to Joshua Tree. Oh my god, They're there too. There was a, there was actually the last Jack Mannequin record. We al almost named tarantula mating season because we, no, because we, that'd be great because we actually, we rented a house in Joshua Tree during tarantula mating season and they were everywhere. No. Oh, that's So upsetting. Yeah. And I don't, I mean, I don't care for spiders, but big ones I care for less. Yeah. Way less. So If you ever want to go get some tism, IS recommend Joshua Joshua tree around October, November. That's right. On theology page. That, so they were were they like in the house?


There's a, I I wish I could find this video 'cause there's a, there's a video of me and two of my band mates running around the house screaming in like high pitch. Yeah. Like trying to chase a tarantula outta the house. How big? I mean, bigger than my hand. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're huge. Yeah. No, I'd just start crying and never sob. No. Yeah. That's the thing. I don't cry easily. No, You don't. I would start sobbing uncontrollably if I saw tarantula, I think. Yeah. 100%. I Cry easily. Like that's, and in my house, I'd never sleep in there again. It's my understanding, they're not that like, I don't know that the big ones are that bad. No, I don't think they really do much. Yeah. But, but they, they don't but just exist.


They don't look, they don't look like any, anything you wanna spend time with. It's Unfortunate for them. I know. I feel like up close. Aren't they really cute? Like their faces, Their faces are kind of cute. Like with like a magnifying box. I'm, I'm Up close. I never found them cute. You're Like me. You said Actually no, It's not my thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's in, in Australia, the Huntsman spiders, my TikTok has figured out that I hate them, but that I will watch a interact a whole video about one. So it just keeps giving me Huntsman spider videos. And apparently you can hear Huntsman's walking down the hall. No, they're so big. No. And I was like, that's all I think. No, I can't ever go to Australia. Not for me ever. No. I can't do it. And people have like house Huntsman's where they're just like, oh, that's just like Leroy.


He just lives here. He takes care of the bugs. I'm like, who takes care of him though? Like, who? He's lawless. He's Lawless. You can't, like, you're like, he takes care of like the mosquitoes. I'm like, I what? I'd Rather get hit by a mosquito than with Lero for that. But like, I can't, you can't look like that. No. Oh, I can't. I cannot. Sneaky. So, yeah. If you ever want that, go to Joshua Tree. Apparently. During, yeah. During mating season. Yeah. Yeah. No, people obviously blamed all these manias on either the spider or the devil and other supernatural shit for all the dancing plagues. But lots of religious intervention was obviously brought in to treat them. Yeah. You know, exorcisms and the like. And in cases where the dancers, this is interesting.


So, 'cause this is kind of very like, like regional. So it's like they would do these things where it's like the, the treatments for it were very regional to what they were thinking or believing in that place. But when the dancers were foreign, like not of that area, the regional cultural differences would uphold the belief in demonic possession. So like, it would always go back to, to demonic possession. That makes sense. But according to Robert Bar Bartholomew quote, the behavior of these dancers was described as strange. Because while exhibiting actions that were part of the Christian tradition, other elements were foreign. And he points to one account that says in their songs, they uttered the names of devil's.


Never before heard of this strange sect mental. So how would you know what they were? So it's like, what? So what do you, how do you know they're devils too? Maybe they're gods, maybe they're angels. Yeah. Maybe they're friends. Well, if you're dancing, the devil has to be a part of it. Obviously Several devils have to be a part of it. Yeah. Now demonic possession was really the main suspect in the beginning. But in later plagues, the cause of the mania would often be attributed because of, obviously we hear it in like, the nunnery into it would be attributed to immorality and sin. Particularly those in which the dances were overtly sexual or predominantly performed by women.


Women. One description read, they indulged in disgraceful and modesty for many women during the shameful dance and mock bridal singing bared their bosoms while others of their own accord offered their virtue. Oh honey. So now these ladies are out there just being like, come and get It's ruining in the streets. Show an ankle. Show an ankle. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. What is offered their virtue though? What is the, that's, I want Literally show an Ankle. Yeah. They showed their shoulders or something. Yeah. It's like, do you wanna hold my hand and dance? And they're like, holy shit. You gotta get inside girls. Yeah. You gotta To an nunnery where you can start meowing and propositioning priests. Yeah.


South of Midnight is a third person action adventure game set in a version of the American deep South you've never seen before. When a hurricane rips through Prospero, Hazel is pulled into a magical southern gothic world where reality and fantasy are intertwined. Learn the ancient powers of a weaver and face mythical creatures. Inspired by real folklore as you explore a beautifully handcrafted world featuring a soundtrack inspired by the American South. Unravel the past in south of Midnight, available April 8th, 2025 on Xbox Series X and S Game pass. Ultimate in PC and Steam. Pre-install on game pass or pre-order now terms apply. See xbox.com/subscription terms rated M for mature.


Now in later years, such as, you know, the Dancing Plague in Strasberg, like the really famous one, the events were frequently kind of attributed to madness in hysteria as a whole, especially when they were begun again by girls or women. Historian John Waller says that there is considerable evidence that suggests the dancing plagues and the possession epidemics of Europe's nunneries were in fact classic instances of a very different phenomenon. Mass psychogenic illness, which is way scarier to me. Yeah. I Don't love that. Like if you're telling me a D, the devil came and made me dance, I'm like, that's fun. Like that happens. But like mass psychogenic illness. Ooh, what Is that? So what's the definition of psychogenic illness then?


So that's really like where the term mass hysteria comes from. Got it. Where they can't pinpoint it. It's like in the Salem witch trials, they tried to blame it on like ergot poisoning, like fungus on the, on the like wheat. Wheat essentially. And that's causes, you know, some kind of food poisoning that then leads to this like wild illness that everybody just Like psychosis. But I Think it's You're hallucinating or something. Yeah. I think it's like, it's like group think. Yeah. Like I think it's really just, you've seen instances of it where like you can get people to do insane things If you just make it a group effort. And again, there wasn't a lot to do back then. There's certainly, why Not dance. Yeah. There really wasn't the streets. And in the majority of cases of dancing plagues the years we were touching upon this before the years, immediately preceding, the events were usually pretty harsh.


There was famine, natural disasters. Yeah. Social and political upheaval. In the case of Strasberg, there was a little thing called the Black Plague that was Right before it. Oh right. Yeah. So it can be viewed as kind of like an extreme reaction of like stress relief. Yeah. It's like a reaction to Trauma. It's a trauma reaction. Yeah. Yeah. And so we're all gonna start dancing soon. Like, you know, you can play the piano or you can start dancing uncontrollably for years at a time. Yeah, yeah. Whatever works for you. Whatever. Whatever you feel. Yeah. Report back, let us know. But that, yeah, that's my little, my little Mass Hysteria. My dance into mass. This is what the movie Footloose was based on. Exactly. That's what I was thinking. Time. That's the Mic drop at the end in that friends.


But yeah, so If you start dancing in the streets, people might start joining you and then you could all die together. Yeah. So don't take it to a bridge. There's that. Yeah. Oh yeah. Don't do that. Avoid bridges. Yeah. 12th century bridges are are not the place to go. No. Yeah. No. Okay. So my question is, did men ever participate in the dancing pikes? They did. They did. Yeah, they did. That's what makes it so funny. They're like, well, women started it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We just kept blamed. Shut Up. Yeah. I think, and I don't even think it was always women who started it. I think it was just like there was a lot of women. Yeah. Especially in that, you know. Yeah. In that era they were like, we will blame the, we'll blame the ladies We're gonna bring. It's either the devil ladies or a combination of both.


Yeah. So, and then in the nunneries, obviously it was just, it was All ladies. Yeah. And the devil. And the devil. Yeah. And the devil. Yeah. Of course. They were having relations with the devil. Was there any documentation of whether or not they were having fun? Oh, they were having, I feel like we need to document. It feels Pretty awesome, to Be honest. They were sliming. Yeah. Like, especially in the nunnery scenario. I'm like, I think they just got bored. Yeah. And then they Were like, let's see if these, let's see what we can get outta these priests. Like let's, let's climb a a tree. Let's break some vows. I'm sure there were some hot priests back then. So they were probably like, let's see if we can break some vows. Yeah. Stroke the ego a little bit. When that didn't work, they were like, bring on the Exorcist. Let's See.


Have a little fun. Yeah. And then they just gave it up. Well It's an easy out too. It's like we can just claim that it was, we were possessed, but we were having a great time. And there will be some recourse, you know? Exactly. We'll get back to normal eventually, But you Know what, we'll have our memories. Yeah, exactly. It's all that. But you could just leave the nunnery by saying you fuck the devil. Yeah. So, honestly the Easiest. It's really a way out, actually. The easiest way to leave the nun, I would say that's, that's how I get out of most social situations. Exactly. If I don't wanna be there. Sorry, I can't make it tonight. Book signing's not gonna work tonight. I slept with the devil. I fuck the devil. I Gotta go. My bad. Yeah. I love it. Alright, well this is a weird shift now, but we're gonna play some, would you rather Rather Please say it's dancing play related.


Yeah. It's Not even dancing play related. I just, would You rather fuck the devil Number? Climb the number. Climb the tree in meow. Yeah. You know, I should have put some of those in there. Yeah. But you can both answer. 'cause I didn't read these to you yet. Okay. I, so would you guys rather be haunted by a ghost that only you can see or hear whispers that no one else can hear? I'm going with the ghost. There's something about whispering. Yeah. Nobody can hear. That feels really ominous. Yeah. At least they can be like, oh, there's my friend the ghost. Yeah. Hopefully. Is it a friendly ghost? Do we know? We don't know. It's up in the air. Okay. It's Up to you. It's up to you. It's your ghost. I'd rather, because in general, I'd rather, I'd rather be able to see it. Yeah. If it's just whispering, I'm, that's a, that's another level for me.


That'll drive You. Not, I feel like that's how I feel. Feel. I would definitely rather ghost. 'cause whispering would drive. I am very like, you Know, you have misophonia. I Get very annoyed with certain sounds over and over again. So that would piss me off it hard. I Would eat lunch. Shut up. Whisperings on your list. Ooh. Constant whispering I think would make me crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure. I think it would make a lot of people crazy. Yeah. Misophonia or not. But seeing a ghost every now and then would just be like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. You'd never feel alone. Yeah. There you go. Perfect. You could tell them the big events in your Life. Just call 'em my imaginary friend. Yeah. Like, buddy, hey, you're here. Let me tell you something cool that happened today. I Think I agree with you guys. I take the ghost. Yeah. All right. Number two. Would you rather live in a house that rearranges itself every night?


Or in one where the doors occasionally lead to other dimensions? Oh, Two Other dimensions. Yeah. Why Rearranging My house every night would send me into orbit. I just, nope. I'm a like, comfort creature. You are. I, that would annoy the, and I'm, I'm a control freak. Waking up to having my house rearranged every morning would not be good with no sign off. But another dimension. Let's go. Yeah. I'm, I'm there with you. Yeah. I'm, I'm like a, I'm very type A. Yeah. And things are where they need to be and they're staying there and they're now Yeah. They're not moving. Don't touch them. And also like, let's see what's in the other dimensions. Yeah. I'm curious. I'm going house, rearrange. 'cause I can put it back.


Wow. I don't wanna go to, I don't know what these other dimensions have in them. What if there's nuns meowing and trying to fuck priests? What if I fall in and I can't get back into my house to rearrange my furniture? Yeah. You can't rearrange it every day. 'cause it's gonna get rearranged that night. Yeah, That's true. That's a lot of work. I know. But dimensions are scary. That's Bad to your floors. It is bad to your floors. That's, that's real. If it's a really, if it's a really good interior designer who's rearranging the house, maybe it's a different story. Yeah. This is my scenario. It is. Yeah. You're like, you're like, oh. Like that's a really nice new configuration of the living room furniture. Yeah. That helped the feng shui. Excited To see what you do tomorrow. No, I, that still, even that wouldn't work for me. I'm too much of a control freak.


I'm sticking with it. I like it. I believe in you. I back it. Thanks. All right. Number three. Would you rather live in a world where every book you open transports you into its story? Or where every movie you watch traps you inside its universe until the movie ends? It's kind of like the same thing. Yeah. I mean, I think the longer, the longer trip in the book is probably less of a vibe, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I, I depends on the book, I suppose. Yeah. I can handle two hours in another world pretty easily. I've, I've worked yoga movie. I've worked my way up with psychedelics and this is actually something that I, I, you know, I've done that. You like, you know what? Yeah. Yeah. I, I know I can handle that. But, but, but I'm a slow reader. So Months start in this World.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, I've always want, like, every time I read a book I'm always like, like, take me with you. That's how I feel. Like I just wanna jump into the book. But now I'm thinking about it. I'm like, that's true. That would be a long, a long. Well, and with some of the books that y'all are reading for this Podcasts, I would imagine the other thing, those are not worlds that you wanna spend a lot of time in? No, No. I'd like to pick and choose which books. Definitely choosing the books. Yeah. If I'm jumping into every book I read, then that's a problem. Same Thing with movies. 'cause we watch fucked up movies a lot. That's true. I don't wanna go in some of them. That's true. It's a hard choice. I think it's the, I'm gonna go with yours. The time crunch is what Yeah. I if I know I have a finite time. All right. That'll make me feel better. See, I like an out.


Yeah, I get that. I was thinking story. 'cause when you're reading, you're kind of like making like your own visuals. Yeah. Yeah. So it'd be kind of cool to see that. I haven't done psychedelic, so that would be my way of doing it. That's the surprise for this episode. I brought some here. No, I'm just, I'm totally kidding. Don't get the wrong idea. These, these are occasional. Yeah. Yeah. Like, don't worry everybody, You're like, it's fine. Don't worry. Yeah. That's a hard one. I think the only like, 'cause again, I, I've always wanted to jump into a book. Yeah, totally. That's, I love books. Yeah. But again, it's the time I get that because I'm also that way with like, like everybody who listens, knows. I like, I'm not good in social situations, so like, you are going out.


But like add a social situation out. I always like to know there's an End out. Yeah. I need an end to it. Yeah. So, yeah. I think the movie. Yeah, I get that. 'cause then you can pick like hour and a half, two hours. Yeah. Like, I'm not gonna Harry Potter movie. Movie. Yeah. I'm not jumping into like, You're only watching short films from here on out. Yeah. Like, exactly. Or I pro I probably would jump into a Harry Potter Potter movie actually, depending on That sounds awesome. Which one? Yeah. I jump in all of 'em. Let's go. Yeah. I love that. So yeah, definitely. That just, that cemented it for me. Alright. Last one. Would you rather live in a world where night never falls? So it's basically just like eternal daytime. Oh. Or an eternal night where you would never witness the sun again.


Obviously daytime. Nighttime. Nighttime. I had a feeling you would go that way. Yeah. Nighttime for sure. Yeah. I need the sun. Like I'm, yeah. I need the sun. It's the California in you. Well, yeah. Well, I was born out here. I actually was born in, in Massachusetts. Oh yeah. And moved across the country. But getting to California now, it's like if I, when I tour in the winter time, it's, it's not good for me. Like, like if, if it's dark for a long time I was, I lose my mind. Yeah. See, And we brought you at the perfect time. It was sunny this morning A little bit. Well, I, it glistens in the snow, so it's pretty. It does. I had an amazing walk this morning. Perfect. I was like perfect. I didn't feel cold. Perfect. Nice. And I, I went and got coffee. I was like, okay.


This was, yeah. Because you told me you prepared me. You're like, I did. There's no sun out here. And I was like, I can handle that for two days, but two days. It was like my limit. Yeah. You and the sun was like, I'll come out for you. Yeah. I'm just broken To Boston Because we have not had sun for weeks at this point. Yeah. It's been dark. Yeah. The sun doesn't like me very much. Sounds Like you don't like it either. And I don't like it. We have like ae for the sun disrespect for each other. Yeah. I'm way too pale for the sun. Yeah. I don't do well at it. A Elena carries around a parasol in the summer. Yeah. Really? Don't like a golf Girl. Parasol. I do not wanna get burned. I don't, I don't want and I don't want wrinkles. Yes, you're good. You know, it does. We we have a mutual disrespect. Yeah.


Which became a respect. Do you have a parasol collection? I only have one. Weirdly. You should have a collection. I know I should. I like that idea. I also like a big wide brimmed hat. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. This sounds like good Morbid merch. The, the para i, the Para Parasol, the parasol feels on brand to Mikey. Mikey. Right. Parasol. Mikey's all got it. He's like already done it. I got it. You also feel like you're in like another era when you carry around a parasol. Totally. Oh, definitely. Which is fun. I have a lot of admiration for a parasol. Yeah. Like when I see people out doing the parasol thing, I'm like, I couldn't do it. I couldn't even, when it rains, I don't carry an umbrella. I'm like, whatever. Just get wet. I'm fine. Yeah. But, but I the commitment to Yeah.


You know, good skin. Yeah. And, but I love the sun too much. I'm like, I will look like a, like a beat up leather shoe. That's what photo times is the next, within the next 10 years. And I'm fine with it. Yeah. I'm like, when I see those guys on the beach and I'm just like, yeah. That, that's my future. I did it. I'm like, I'm like, maybe you don't think this is good looking, but I'm like, I don't, I want to just look like a shoe. I'm gonna live. Yeah. There you shoe. I'm, I'm fine with it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I just, I don't do well in the sun either. Like, I don't like hot. Like as soon as Here I don't like hot. I don't like hot. Like I as here, it's like, as soon as it gets in the sixties, I'm like, this is my perfect weather. Yeah. Like, I can live in the sixties, fall all day.


Yeah. Like, I like that kind of sun. I feel like in the fall it's like a, like a muted sun almost. Yeah. It has a different vibe to it. I don't know how to explain it. No, I get that. And then as soon as it gets in the summer, it's like this harsh sun that like, I hate the look of it. I just don't like, I don't know what It's, everything's too bright for you. Too bright. I'm the opposite. I'll go to the desert in the middle of the summer when it's like 113 degrees. Damn. And I'll just be in heaven. That's Where part with like A little folding mirror. No, no. I never did that. I toured with a band once. They singer actually had one of the No Way. My God. We'll never say who. They're great. And he, he's great too. But, but I, I remember walking outside and being like, that dude's doing like the grandma on the porch thing with the, with the reflector.


But you see Oh my God. Don't think is real. Yeah. I Was like, this is like, this is a level of commitment to tanning that I've never even imagined. Yeah. But, but I get cold so easily. Mm. Oh, I get cold very easily. Yeah. And I'm just like, I, and I, it's my least favorite feeling is being cold. Really? And my least favorite feeling is, is being Hot. Yeah. I'm, I'm the opposite. I'm like hot I can handle, but not when I'm sleeping. Oh. Oh. I have to be freezing when I'm sleeping. Me and my husband get in fights all the time. My kids, I've been turning off the heat lately. He's like, stop doing that. It's like 60 degrees of this room. I'm like, I am The fan going above us. And John's like, why? It's February. Like what? I'm like, yeah. It's the science back that you sleep better when you're cold.


It's true. I do. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. I don't, I, my thought process about it is that you can only take off so many layers. Your heart. Yeah. You can add so many More. Like, I can't peel my skin off. I could, but I'm not going to. Whoa. Don't. You can put on You, I mean, I guess I can, I'm An autopsy technician. I know how to fla back skis. Could you bring yourself to do what you think To yourself? Absolutely not. No, not To. I thought you gonna say Absolutely. I was like, whoa. Not to myself. To a dead person. I can Well, yeah. You, You Have. Yeah. But I'm like, we should end there. A turned I like it. Like wait, But you can't take off all the layers to get cool. But you can put on all the layers.


Want. I, I mean it's, it's a sound logic. It's just when I don't follow it at all, It's okay. We diverge here. That's Fine. It's like we got the office, we can be friends. So we have all The things. Yeah. This is where we diverge. It's okay. We'll just be friends in different continents. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just stand in the middle of you. I like both. I came to you in winter, so here we are. You did. That's true. That's how we know we're friends. Yeah, exactly. That's the last one. I pick eternal night 'cause I'm a night person, but I, I still like the sun, so I'd be like a little bummed, I think. But yeah. But you know. Yeah. I just also love the night. Well, Yeah. That's what it, that's how I feel Much. Did you watch Night Country? Did you, did you I did. I have not. I think I could vibe. That was, yeah. That it was great. It was, it was really good. But even me, I was like, this is horrible.


I can't Is it Always, every episode is dark. Every episode. Is it Like a Or something? It's when like, it's that part of the country that it like goes into night for three months. Oh. I think I would thrive. I think I would do okay. Yeah. Not me. Yeah. No. I would be, I I it'd be over in one season for me. Desert. Yeah. Yeah. I will have, I would've lost my mind. There's Also like a, a reverse of that that happens. Oh yeah. Where it's like three months of light that would kill Me. I've been to Alaska when it, it was in that, that period. That must, that must be bonkers. It was, it, I mean, it was, it was hard to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. But it was pretty cool to go outside when it was like two in the morning and it's like, oh, and it's the Middle daytime.


Yeah. I mean, it would be like dusky, you know. Okay. But it was, it was, it was pretty cool. That would, I feel like that would like fuck up your circadian rhythm. It totally, it totally does. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. The other way would too. Obviously. Yeah. So that wouldn't be great. Yeah. You gotta be strong to live out there. Damn. Yeah. Do you live out there? Anyone? Write in Rise in Let us of emails coming in. I know. Suddenly we're really calling for emails as we said. I know. Well that was fun. That was fun. I Loved that. Thanks for inviting me. I had a blast. Thanks for coming. Thank you for coming on course. We learned a lot. Oh. And check out the Dear Jack Foundation. Please. If you wanna say anything about that before we leave. Oh yeah. I mean, so Dear Jack is, it's a non-profit. I started years ago on the heels of my survivorship with leukemia.


And, and so we advocate for adolescent and young adults. So people 15 to 39, which is like a, for years has been a really forgotten demographic of, of cancer patient and survivor. And so yeah, we build programs for, for this group specifically, we do retreats for couples that are entering survivorship. And we also do a wish granting program for, for young adult cancer patients. So, love that. Yeah. Please just go to Dear Jack Foundation dot org If you wanna learn more about what we're doing or If you happen to have a friend or be going through the cancer journey yourself. We have a lot of support services and, and ways to kind of link up with you and try and make the journey easier. Hell yeah. Nice. I love it. So go check it out.


Yeah. Perfect. And you guys, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep, eh, weird, Weird but not so weird that If you haven't already listened to Something Corporate Jacks mannequin and Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness, You don't check it out.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024, CEO, Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing at Him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in the world, and the suspect He has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Mangione Became one of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted premeditated, mid to so Terror. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by Law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's Awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus, you can join Wondery Plus on the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.