(0s):
Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Alina. And I'm Sabrina. And this is a special edition of Morbid Today. we are doing the weirdo audio book Club Woo. You guys, this is brought to you by Audible. Our friends over there are helping us bring you this special episode and they're giving you a little something something because if you go over to Audible dot com slash weirdos, you can get a free trial on Audible. And that's really exciting. So in this special bonus episode, we're gonna be talking about the title, my Best Friend's Exorcism, then wasn, written by Greedy Hendrix. So let's talk about it. Yay. Yay. I'm such a like Woo girl right now. We're all the, I love that. Woo Girls right now. Woo Girls. We're whooping it up. The energy. Very Woo friendship. It's Woo Woo. It is. It's a bit Woo. Woo. It is. And spooky. This title is something I'm really excited to talk to you guys about. 'cause it's all about like friendship and Spooky friendship. I spooky as friendship demons. Yes. Our favorite. We love, that's how we became friends. It's true. The dark stuff. Spooky And, and demons and Ghosties. Luckily none of us has been Demonically possessed Yet. Not exciting. I have been around a demon. Yeah. My sister, we used to joke, she was possessed, but she might have been maybe. Really? I also had someone, one, a previous relationship, wonder if I was possessed and that's why I was leaving. Wow. Yeah. Do you feel like you were possessed with something good? Yeah. Possessed with the newfound strength and Get the hell outta there. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. What a way to justify someone leaving. You're like, well, you must be possessed by a demon. Right. If you're Leaving me. Yeah. Obviously. Obviously that's The only way. Yeah. Well, I think we should start out first by just gushing over Grady Hendricks. Absolutely. Is what? I've never read a grad, a greedy Hendricks title before this. And you two have like, you guys are big fans, right? I had seen Grady Hendrix like some of the films he's made. Yes. Like Satanic panic. Satanic Panic. Yes. Have you seen That one? Yes. Funny. So Good. So good. I'm a huge Ga Grady Hendrix girl. I love his books. Love his writing. Love hearing him talk. Yes. Yeah. His interviews are some of the funniest interviews. Yes. You will ever read or hear. I was telling Alina, I don't know why, but he reminds me of Bill Nye. He has such good Bill N Vibes. Interesting. It's The vibes I and like kind of, you kind of want him to be your dad. Yes. And he's smart, like, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get that. You get it. I get it. And he's so like, he's very insightful, but he's also very unserious all the time. Right. Which is fun. That's, I love people like that. Well, We were talking a minute ago about the dedication of this book. Yes. Which was hilarious because The dedication, I feel like I need to read it for. Yeah. So I had to write this down after I listened to the title because the dedication in this book, Sabrina had brought it up and I was like, wait a second. We had to look up what this meant. Meant Then wasn. What? Yeah. It says, for Amanda, who knows the reasons why and there's an asterisk next to it. And then underneath it says, but if she doesn't, I would suggest she have her attorney consult. Both protective orders filed against her. The criminal complaint, which outlines these reasons in great detail. And maybe also her conscience because disclosing the whereabouts of the bodies will finally bring some kind of closure for my family. So All of us were like, who the fuck is Amanda? And what does she know? And who the fuck did she kill? Seriously. Turns out Amanda is Grady Hendrix's wife, And that's all in good fun. He dedicates everything, every book to her, every title to her. And he always makes a joke. That's Love. So I love that. I loved It so much. It's the best. Yeah. I think that shows you right there, what you're getting into with a Grady Hendrix book. It really

(4m 0s):
does. Yeah. And it's funny because with this title in particular, I wanted, it's like such a different way of going about like a possession story. It is. Because we're used to, and I've never thought of it this way, but I read an interview with Grady that said he was like, most of these stories are from the point of view of like a priest. The Exorcist. Yeah. Yeah. Like having his faith tested. 'cause he's trying to exercise a demon. And he said it's always some like young girl or some young woman tied to a bed. Right. Possessed by a demon. And there's just this old man screaming at her. Right. And he's like, I'm kind of over that. Right. It's been done. Yeah. So he said he wanted to do it from the point of view of the do.

(4m 43s):
Is it the demoniac? I think it's called. I think you're right. Yeah. Is the person that is possessed, which I love that. The demon. Yeah. The demoniac. Demoniac. I think that's how you say it. If it's not, that's how I say it, How else would you say it? That's how we say it. Right. I feel like that's the only way. It's saying Craven a crow, Raven demoniac. Yeah, Exactly. You don't know if it's a crow. If it's a raven, it's a cr. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. It actually, this is like the combo I kept putting in my head. It's like pen 15 met Jennifer's body. Yes. That is so funny. Because so many people have put Two up against each other, two Things like that together to describe this book. And they all work. Like Somebody said, what was it?

(5m 24s):
Heather's and then wasn one of things. Oh, Heather's is a good one. He says Beaches meets the Exorcist. That's, I mean, that way. That's good. And I think it's like Heather's in the Exorcist, or Heather's, I think then wasn Heather, Heather's in The Exorcist. Yeah. All of those things work. It also made me want to so badly go back and find my like 17 magazines, quizzes that I had taken and find the answers that I would put back. Yes. When I was that age. It really Nostalgia bomb. Yeah. Brought then wasn back nostalgia. I was asking. Yeah. I was asking Elena, when you were listening to it, were you like answering the questions? Oh, absolutely. I love it. I truly, I went through and I found the questions and I wanted us to answer them. We should.

(6m 4s):
We were thinking that too. That's a great idea. Well, I saw somebody say that they were answering them as Abby to see. Right. And they were like, it's making her look kind of unhinged. So like, is Abby the problem? The whole time I was listening, I was like, it it does suck. Because poor Abby is the one who now looks like she's crazy, right? Yes. And nobody is listening to her whatsoever. Like one of the, one of the parts that like broke my heart the most is when she actually, and there's gonna be spoilers in this, just so you guys know. Yeah. One of my, one of the parts that broke my heart the most was when she sits down finally with like Mr. And Mrs. Lang and starts to talk to 'em about what's going on. And she's talking to them about like some really serious stuff.

(6m 45s):
Like trigger warning. She's talking to 'em about rape. Right. And they're like, don't say that about our daughter. You did drugs with her. You're the problem. You're the problem. Yeah. We'll have you arrested if you say that to anyone else. Right. You're on drugs, you're, yeah. And they tell everyone else that she's on drugs. Yeah. Yeah. Like they call her school and say she's on drugs And she's on scholarship. So they like purposely And that's like a big thing in this too. And that's why I, I like Abby's mom, I felt had such good, like she had good advice for Abby. Yeah. then wasn just like being given in the wrong way, I think a lot of times. Or she just wasn't able to. Right. Take it in when she needed to. Yeah. Because one of the things is like Abby's on scholarship at this private school and Gretchen is family is very wealthy.

(7m 30s):
All her friends' families are very rel wealthy. And Abby's mom at one point is like, you shouldn't be hanging out with these people. Like these wealthy people can pay themselves out of their problems. Right. And if you are with them, we can't do that. We can't help you. You'll be the scapegoat. Exactly. They'll throw it on You love Fores. What Happened? Yeah. Mama knows best. And I was Like, Abby's mom, I know Mary. I think her name is Mary. It Is Mary. And It's like, damn. Yeah. I think that's one of the major themes in this is like the class differences between everybody. Yeah. And you see it all became her problem. Yeah. It did. And it's, But Shout out to Abby for being the realist friend out there. Oh really? Stress. That Stress And the most like resilient human being.

(8m 10s):
Yeah. Because like the amount of time it took for her to actually break and then even when she breaks, she's not broken. Yeah. Like she's like all, I'll go back from work. She's still like, yeah, I'm gonna keep doing this. Yeah. It's like she put up boundaries with Gretchen, but then she would like break the boundary when it needed to be broken. I know. Like, she was like, I was like, you, you're okay. Ugh. At the end. Just like the beautiful friendship story. Ugh. Oh my, my God. I cried at the end. I did too. It's emotional. It's, Yeah. then wasn beautiful. So beautiful school then wasn, she Was holding Her hand. Yeah. And like, oh Yeah. That, I think that is one of the most beautiful things about this title is that it has every element and Grady captured one. The like nitty gritty and like the complexities of friendship.

(8m 50s):
Especially Yes. In high school. And like going through that evolution in life on top of terrifying us with the exercising and the demonic possession stuff and moments like the fricking tapeworm tapeworm we have. Like, we'll never forget that. That'll never be the same. But then pulling at your heartstrings. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. No, definitely. And there's no fucking love story in it, which made the love story was with the friends. I love. That made me happy. Love that call. I love That. Me disturbed don don't know, but like, no need more things like that. Right. Female friendships. Yes. then wasn. Beautiful. Exactly. And he's really, he did such a good job. Yeah. I, I've seen people say that they had no idea this was written by a man was able, You never know.

(9m 34s):
You would not know. Because Then wasn like little things like, I think we were talking about it earlier then wasn like, you know, when the, the, 'cause this takes place in the eighties. So he, he puts a lot of things from the eighties and they like the satanic panic of it all. Culture. Oh yeah. Eighties culture. Roller skating. Roller skating. Like Ut cool Little. And one of them is the, they're like gym teacher, whoever it is. Talking to them about Bartles and James wine Coolers. Oh my God. Love that part. That's hilarious. They're like super sweet and they taste so good and they'll sneak up on you 'cause they have lots of alcohol. Them and, but he's only, they're, and then the Talking thing, you, you'll lose your precious, Your precious gift. Gift And like that. And they keep saying adjust to the girls.

(10m 15s):
Right. This is your, your responsibility to not have yourself take advantage of Yeah. Because you'll lose. And once you lose your precious gift, you won't be worth anything. And it's like, which Is a dumb fucking idea altogether. Oh, 100%. And The girls are hearing this and Abby's like, I, so she turns to remember, she turns to Gretchen and she's like, wants to say like, your precious G Yeah. And she's like, I wanted it to be something that we said to each other. Right. Like the hefty, hefty, Hefty make it a thing. Yeah. And I was like, that's Such like girl friendship. It is. It's like you latch onto this one phrase. Yeah. And you'll just use it forever. Forever With each other. And then wasn. Little things like that, like nuances that he got. So, well, You know what it is.

(10m 55s):
Yeah. He captures the religion of being a teenage girl. Yes. Like, yes. What their religion is not like, like there are themes of religion throughout with like actual like Jesus, religion. Religion. Yeah. But aside from that, and like, I think the more important religion and the one then wasn highlighted here is the religion of your friendships with your girlfriends in high school. Yeah. And like girl code. Yes. Yes. Yeah. And that's, That's one of the things he had said. I've seen him in interviews say that like regular possession stories are again about a priest and you know Right. Like a demon and faith being tested. And he was like, but it to me, like in high school, yeah. Your most important thing and your, the thing that, you know, grounds you and the thing that you look to for hope and whatever and faith Yeah.

(11m 39s):
Are your friends. Are your friends and, and your relationships. And that's why like, you know, in the end it's not a like a religious exorcism that takes this demon out of her. Nah. It's their friendship and their bond and their love for each other. Exactly. It's their history that, and it is one those like love phrases, catch phrases almost that they use to help. Exactly. It's like all that silly stuff. Like, you know, love you Phil Collins Compels you or whatever. It's Yes. Yeah. She's like, I love you clearly and I love you dearly. Yes. Yeah. I think All of that is what takes this demon out. And I was like, that is such, It's amazing. It's such a unique way of looking at a story like this. Yeah. And it's like, I would listen to this title a hundred more times.

(12m 20s):
Same. Yeah. The other theme is the narrator of this title. It's performed by Emily Woo. Zeller. Yes. I like to say that she has a voice, like an anti demon, An antide. Indeed. Her Voice was so soothing. How beautiful and ironic. But in the best way. Yeah. Yeah. No, she did a great job. Yeah. I love when she does the boy parts. 'cause she does like all the parts. Yeah. When you're listening to the title and when she does the boy, she's like, oh, whoa. But it's Wallace talking like, really well done. Yeah. I'm like, he does sound like That is Wallace fucking Wallace. You meet that myself in certain parts because I was, I just needed to know what happened. I like to listen at like 1.5 speed. Yeah. But. there were certain parts where I would slow it down. Yes. I needed to like just capture every sentence and every word and hear all the disturbing things.

(13m 4s):
Yes. Yes. Yes. And you know, it's a good title when you do that. Right. then wasn and you wanna like really take it in. Immerse yourself into it. Yeah. then wasn one of those titles where like, you, you wanna get to the end, you wanna know what happens. But I remember being like, finished with it and I was like, I don't wanna be finished with that. The post title depression. Yes. Yes. And what's cool about, like, and Grady does this really well in all of his titles, he's, he has such a way of like balancing comedic elements, like levity, moments of levity with extreme horror. Yes. It's not like, it's like he's a little spooky over here and like, this is really funny. It's like, no, he's gonna like ruin your life in one chapter and then the next chapter he's gonna be like, now breathe.

(13m 45s):
Yeah. And it's like perfect Balance of it. Like he's, he's like the radio silence of writing For me. Yes. Ooh. 100%. Which is like, that's a good way to put That high praise everybody. That is because they're so good at like, you know, balancing that levity in horror. Yeah. Like It's a, it's a talent And it's, and it's like what they do. Like that is what they're known for and they are brilliant at it. And Grady has that talent. Yeah. Like he has that skill. He gives you that mo and it's always that moment to just like catch your breath. Right. And that's like, that's why horror's fun. Yeah. Like, 'cause you're, you should get that moment of like, holy shit, what did we just see? Or like, what did we just Hear?

(14m 25s):
Because there are moments and then you breathe. Yeah. 'cause there are moments where you're like, what is happening right now? And then there are moments where happiness, you're cracking up. Like I was laughing out loud listening to this. I look crazy in my car. 'cause it does, it, it almost, he has this beautiful wave almost feeling, making you feel like you are one of them. Yes. Like you're a part of the girl group. You're in it, you're there. Yeah. You're one of the friends. Yeah. I was saying that to Elena because it's like, I feel like a lot of times in a title you can say, oh, like I really resonate with that person. Right. Or like, I'm definitely like this person. But I feel like when I was listening to this, I wasn't an Abby, I wasn't a Gretchen, I wasn't a Glee or a Margaret. Like there were little You were an ash. Yeah. And you were part of the group. Yeah.

(15m 5s):
Yeah. Exactly. Or like, I saw like a little piece of me in like all of them. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. then wasn Special. And that's how I felt. I felt like I was just me. I was just Elena in the group with them. Yeah. Like watching this all happening it with them getting stressed out when things were happening. Worrying about the relationships in the group. Right. Like, work it out. How about you guys? I'm like, Margaret, Stop being a bitch. I Was like, well, Margaret, Margaret, Margaret was a bitch from the beginning. She was, she really was. I mean, she was right from the jump. I was anti Margaret. Like Because of her horse party. Yeah. I don't want, like, who wants to go to your horse party? I, She called her rude. Yeah. She was super rude. Yeah. Yeah. Not into Margaret. And in The end it sounds like she, you know, she, she was what she was, she also kind Of just like dipped.

(15m 46s):
She did. Yeah. Which, which makes sense. Yeah. I get it. I think after that it's like the fact that Gretchen and Abby were able to stay friends and Gleave and tried for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like Lee had some stuff going on. But Yeah, it sounds like Glee was a wreck. Which, I mean, who wouldn't be after that high school spirit? Yeah. I mean, that's traumatizing. She tried to dive off a bell tower naked while throwing fake love letters from a priest From what was written across her chest. She has four U written across her chest and black marker And she like jumps off naked. And then the, the guards are trying to, to put a blanket over her. And, and Abby's like, you know, for you is bouncing all over the place.

(16m 27s):
Like, oh, And this is for like a young priest At their School. At their school. And the letters weren't even written by him. No, he had no idea. He had no idea That honestly he's the real victim in this story. Yeah. 'cause He looked like a, like he was doing some shady shit. He lost His job. Yeah. And he was like, I can't talk to you. Yeah. Yeah. Like, what the hell? You know what's also scary is that I think like, I mean I experienced some level of bullying, more middle school than high school But. there were people doing this shit not possessed by demons. Yes. You know, like I, I'm in middle school, I had someone tell me that like a boy had a crush on me and he didn't and like then wasn like, then wasn devastating.

(17m 8s):
Yeah. In a, you know, a fraction of what happened in this title. But like, But it feels like everything Yeah. At that moment. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. When you're younger everything is so much more heightened. Right? Oh yeah. Like I've told on the, on the podcast before, I've told the story in middle school. Yeah. That these girls invited me to a party and sent me to an abandoned house. Oh my God. Nothing will Top off. And my dad was the one dropping me off. I was like so excited. And my poor dad Aw, I know and he's such a real one and He's such a real one. What did he he do? He was like, probably get ice cream. Because I was like, I was like, what? He's like, let's go get ice cream. Like you can talk to me if you want to, but you don't have to talk. But we don't have, I'm like sobbing and he's just like, let's get ice cream and that's it.

(17m 49s):
People Are so mean. Yeah. Those and they weren't even possessed by demons. Yeah. I wish they were. My sister I, my sister's two years older and I so desperately like wanted to be her friend growing up. And one day she invited me to play with her and her friends. And I said, we're gonna play school but this school ties you up. And oh my god. They tied me up to her bed post and left me there. Oh my God. And all went down into the basement to play. They're so mean. That's some real big sister Shit. Not as big sister shit. And at that point, I mean like I, we joked that she was possessed by a demon because there was one time where my dad like literally heard a demonic voice come out of her mouth like get out eventually.

(18m 33s):
You just said that. Yeah. You were like, there was this one time my dad heard this crazy thing. It's a longer story but we can get into it another day. But yeah, no people can be mean. It's the fine. Yeah. Yeah. People, I have a story and it's only one little thing, but on a IM which like the meanest stuff always happen on am Yeah. Mean a IM stories. But one that sticks out in my head was this new boy in my school then wasn so cute, was his friends were like, he wants to date you. Like he's asking you out. And my mom was on the computer and was like, oh my god. Yes, definitely. And answered the a IM for me stop. And I remember I got home and she was like, Josh like Beep asked you to be his girlfriend.

(19m 16s):
And I said yes for you. 'cause I know, like you think he's so cute. And I was like, mom, there's no way that's real. Like what have you done? Oh no. then wasn a nightmare. She do that because she was also demonically possessed. I'm pretty sure that is Some demonically possessed Parenting. Oh my God. But it just goes to show that I think everybody in middle school and high school at some point or another, acts like a demon. Yeah, definitely. Warren is the victim of a demon, of a demonic type of person. Yes. Yes. Literally like wow, that's horrifying. Yeah. then wasn a bad one. Oh, that's so sad. I know. then wasn horrific. And then I had to go to school the next day and be like, and face that. I knew that then wasn fake. I was messing with you. Yeah. Like hot tables turned jokes on you.

(19m 58s):
I mean jokes on you now. So whatever Jokes on you. But some of the nightmare parts in the book go way beyond any of our experiences. Truly. It's, there's some part, I mean I think we're all thinking we should talk about the nightmare parts and then we'll talk about our favorite parts to like kinda Lighten the movie palate. Yeah. The tapeworm 100% takes the cake, the ice cream. It's like visual moment, like nightmare inducing moment in the Description And how it kept coming. Oh it just kept on coming. And then the dog. Oh the Dog. The dog. The dog is a homie though. The dog. He is a homie. That is true.

(20m 38s):
And all of that with the really, like every time Riley showed up, I know the creepy brother I know. I was so scared for ever wanted me. He was the scary. I mean then wasn scary. Although Riley did allow Abby into the house. That's despite, that's true. Despite knowing that he shouldn't have That's true. Which That's very true. I appreciate. I think He just didn't give a Shit. And he's just sitting at the counter like hustle. Hustle. Hustler with hustle with peanut butter fingers. That's the part that bothered me the most. I know. That's so gross. Said gross. Had peanut butter all over his hands. I was like, wash your hands. No, I agree. And he came in the room and they said he got the peanut butter on the doorknob. And I was like, oh. And then she's like, and we could smell the peanut butter. And I was like, For Elena. Then wasn worse than the tape. I was like, oh my God, I'm horrified. And then all of a sudden a tape worm starts coming out of her mouth and she's heaving it out and the dog's grabbing it.

(21m 22s):
And I was like, this is the worst nightmare I could. Right. What was it? Like 30 something feet then wasn, Ridiculously Long. The Longest tape worm they've ever seen. And then she Had even more. Oh my God. then wasn. Because She probably had all the little tapeworm eggs. Yeah. Because she had, you were only supposed to drink One shake. Those Crazy, one shake total. Yeah. Oh, one shake ever. I, I thought then wasn one a day was having multiple a day. 'cause they all had tape worms in them. Yeah. Oh my God. And then there was, and like a close second to then wasn when Gretchen vomited out all the feathers. Oh, the squirrel, The square feather feathers. There was like worms almost then wasn. So weird. Yeah. then wasn and it, they, the description was like pale. Yeah. Milk.

(22m 2s):
then wasn like with squirmy black feathers in it. And I was like, what? Yeah. A lot. Like I can picture it. There's a lot of puke in this story. 'cause then Wallace also puke on the football field. Yeah. Later On it's a little less. And during the exorcism there's, there's There's some more puke. Yeah. And that, that puke is yellow. Yeah. So it's all very well described peak. Yeah. Very, very taste. The reme. How big did you picture the tape worm? Like girth wise? I pictured it so thick. Right, Me too. Like I pictured it barely being like ripping her mouth that Because I think it said at one point then wasn like in humanly. Yeah. And I know tapeworms are traditionally like a white and like they're thin. Very thin. But I was picturing like a very bulbous like blood filled.

(22m 44s):
Me too. Yes. I know Why tapeworm. I pictured white still, but like so thick. And when the dog was like trying to snap it and it couldn't, oh god. then wasn awful. It made me think of the Troop by Nick Cutter. I haven't listened to That. Which I also highly recommend as a title to listen to. But forewarned There's a tape Worm part said that reminds me of that. So interesting. Know That. But it's also a great book. But it, the worm, something about worms. Just tape worms. Yeah. And like parasites and stuff. Freak freak me out. My cat once had tape worms. Oh really? Because she had fleas and like she had been eating the fleas and fleas I guess carry tapeworm eggs.

(23m 26s):
I know, even tapeworm eggs. I know that. And then wasn gross because these little like rice grains would like be coming out of her butt because like tapeworm would be like breaking off. Oh my God. Oh god. That's cool. So horrible. And the only way to get rid of them too is to like, you know, piss them out or, yeah, she had, she had to take like a, I had to give her like medicine that like killed it. Yeah. Oh yeah. And then you expel it. Yeah. But then wasn also, the sad thing about this whole tape worm situation is that she had a tape worm, but her family was starving her. Yeah. Yeah. I think they were trying to starve the tape worm. 'cause I think like, I think that is like a belief that like it is possible and then you'll, it'll like pass through your system.

(24m 6s):
But I think they didn't realize that she had like 30 something tap birds in her stomach. My god. But. there was a lot. It's actually crazy when you look back on the title because there was a lot of like really foul disgusting stuff. Like when the exorcism actually takes place. Oh it's n the Roaches. And then she like, I mean technically it's not Gretchen, it's Andros Andross. I was wondering how you pronounce his name. I know. Is it Andres? I added a flare. 'cause it sounds like, what did you say? Andros? Andros Andross. I like it. But like, he chomps down on the Roach. Oh. Oh. He's a, he's a Wiley one. He is a Wiley One. Yeah. Andros was funny too. At times I'll Say, okay, wait. Well that's the thing is demons like kind of got some sex appeal.

(24m 47s):
Sometimes they did. And they're funny. That's why they get, that's why they get inside. Yeah. It's true. That's how they, but also one of the, one of the horrifying parts besides like all the tapeworms and like the physical, you know, like body horror kind of thing was when then wasn like the really like chilling parts where like the birds are all slamming into the house. Oh, That part scared the crap out of me. Yeah. I haven't even told my Story. Oh my God. Yeah. Yes. Well that's, so Andress is a, he is like, I guess he's known to have an owl head in a man's body. Yeah, that's what the, because it's a real like demon in Demonology. Right. So I'm listening to the title.

(25m 28s):
I'm driving home from my hair appointment listening to the title. What time of night is this? It's like 10 30, 11 o'clock at night. I have, I'm even creepier. We need to like a ta. Well don don't know if we'll be able to, 'cause I do swear a lot in it, but we need to put the voice note up somewhere. You guys, I crap. You shit. You not. I'm driving down my road about to go home and I see a fucking owl standing in the middle of my neighborhood. I've never seen an owl in my life before other than like at the zoo. And what are the odds? No, that I'm listening to this title. Where ho they're talking about an an owl demon and It's Andres and there's An owl. Horrifying. I I'm never gonna be over It. It's just Andres being like, Hey, hey. Never gonna be over it.

(26m 8s):
What's That? Yeah, because you've asked me the question, Elena before, like, I think it's like a question people ask each other of like, how many owls would you have to see before you thought something was up one. And I al so correct. Yeah. And I always said one too. I was like, I see one owl, I'm being like, what's going on? Right. I always said two. 'cause I'm like, one owl's not that crazy. Yeah. One owl is that, It's that crazy. Especially given the fact that you're reading this title. Yes. At the exact time. It's 10 30 at night. Yes. Yeah. No. then wasn. Yes. then wasn. It's like right outside your home. That feels invasive. Luckily. then wasn like a little bit far. then wasn like kind of in front of our neighbor. So like, shout out to them I know what you're going through. But yeah, I, I will say that whole book club scene Yes. Was really unsettling. Oh my.

(26m 48s):
Oh God. Yeah, because Gretchen like dresses when she's singing and stuff and starts singing at the top of the stairs. Slaps her. Doesn't she push him too? Yeah. Yeah. He slaps her and then she pushes him down the stairs and it's like, as all the birds are slamming into the house and the owls are tearing them apart. Like the pelican and shit. Yes. And Gretchen's mom is drunk and Gretchen's mom Is just Drunk. And Abby's like, I have to go work at the yogurt shop. And, and then there's another lady, there's Like two ladies reciting the Lord's prayer. I was like this over stimulation. When I say overstimulation station, like I would be in, I would be in orbit. Like Yes. I would be gone. I, yeah. I don't know how Abby didn't like, I mean eventually she does run out of there, but damn right.

(27m 30s):
I would lose my mind. It's horrifying. It's like that is so scary. It unsettling is the best way to describe that scene. Yeah. 'cause there is so much happening. Yeah. And that's also early on in the story where no one even believes that it's an exorcist or a demon situation. Yeah. And you don't even, like, you're not really sure yet a, aside from the listener aside the name of the title of, you know. Yeah. You wouldn't know. But you wonder if there's like a twist or something like, right. Well you're wondering if it's like, like symbolizing something else. Right. If it's like a metaphor for some kind of transformation. Right. When your friend is not your friend anymore. Yeah. When your, when people Evolve, you know, which it kind of, it does do both. It is, yeah. Yeah.

(28m 10s):
It's perfect for that. I think it's a metaphor in a lot of different ways. Absolutely. Definitely is. And also while we're talking about like the actual possession itself, there's a lot of theories out there as to if Gretchen was possessed in the woods. Yeah. Like after they dropped LSD or if she was possessed even before that at bible camp and then it really just started to like ramp up. Yeah. That's actually, 'cause you brought this up before we were recording and I was like, should we wait? But I, because I fully believed it happened in the woods. Me too. Because in my mind then wasn like they were, it could have been Abby. I thought that like, had Abby gotten lost Yeah. It would've been her. Yeah.

(28m 52s):
But that's interesting. Especially given the Andy Andy Soloman conversation thing. Yeah. Like who was she talking to? I need to go back and listen because what I saw, I, I was on like a, a couple of discussion boards just kinda like reading what other people were theorizing. Yeah. And what they were saying was that she mentioned talking to Andy like before, before she gets quote unquote possessed in the woods. Like before you are led to believe that she gets possessed in the woods. Right. And then he says, oh, I haven't talked to her since summer camp. Right. So it's like, so I think she had to have been possessed probably at summer camp. That's so interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's Like a, that summer camp that's never dress.

(29m 32s):
Because Abby even says like, she's annoyed by the fact that Gretchen has this like boy Yep. Right. That she met at summer camp and now prioritizes. Yep. But then at the same time she says she's talking to Andy. Is she calling Andres Andy? Like to try because obviously not. Oh. Oh, That's also interesting. Yeah. 'cause that's, that would make sense, you know? Yeah. This also brings up a point when Abby does call the number that she thinks is Andy's and Gretchen answers Gretchen's like soul answers. Yeah. So there's a part. Oh, I just got chill then wasn chill. That part was then wasn, because that confuses me a little bit. So that confused me too. But I found another fucking thing on the discussion boards because I didn't even catch this. And I wonder if you did.

(30m 12s):
Elena did catch it. So when, so Gretchen's soul essentially is like trapped in the phone lines because, which also kind of makes you wonder, was it, did she get possessed out there? Because when she is in like that like little shack in the woods, remember she sees that little like phone, like, what's it, how would I describe it? Like the phone company thing? The phone company logo. Oh. And she hears that like buzzing, like electrical buzzing. Oh right. Yeah. And it's the same buzzing that she hears when she calls that number. Okay. So this is interesting. So what if it did happen at bible camp and then she is talking to Andres on the phone and like basically they swap places.

(30m 53s):
Like she lets Andres into her and her soul is now like stuck in the phone line. Yeah. I could see I, I think I see what you're saying. Yeah. A bible camp. If she like, 'cause one of the things that they say during the exorcism it like Brother Lemon, which we will get into Brother Lemon hero of the century. Seriously hero. We love a Brother Lemon. He Said during the exorcism that like you are gonna be kinda like open and raw during this exorcism. 'cause we're gonna be like saying all these Bible verses and like all these powerful things that like, you know, using our faith and that's gonna leave you open to being possessed yourself. Right. Right. So what if AB Bible camp, she became raw and open from being exposed to all that.

(31m 35s):
She was exposed to there, she came back, they dropped LSD, she got lost. She went to that ex, that little cottage in the woods. And some, there's some kind of thing. It Does thing seem like there was a trigger there And then wasn where it entered. And that's why you can communicate with that part. Yeah. And maybe then wasn like the phone lines because of the electricity. Right. Yep. I, yeah, that's actually really Fascinating. But maybe beginning in Bible camp when she became like raw and open to it. That's the thing. When I was listening, then wasn just like all, most of then wasn just lost on me and I just assumed that she dropped LSD, she jumped off. And there maybe there was like some kind of portal to that. Yeah. Right. Especially because people had used that shack for satanic rituals. Right.

(32m 15s):
But now I think I'm a full believer that it happened at Bible camp. Me too. I think it all began there. Yeah. Yeah. You guys have to let us know what you think like Yeah. Like in the comments. Yeah. I wanna, I wanna see, because Also I do a poll, I read that like Andy's last name is Solomon, which is referencing King Solomon, which Is hella Biblical. Which in the Bible, I guess he became like, in some parts, in some thoughts, he became a powerful king through the help of demons. Like demons helped him. Grady. So see this Makes me love Grady even more. Right. Because it's so, it's so smart. Yeah. He Just kills it with that stuff. It's like You go back and you're like, Shit. Like you know what you're doing. Like it's so impressive.

(32m 56s):
It Is. Well we talked about our nightmare parts and I guess we kind of talked about some of our favorite parts, even just like through that. But let's go deeper into our favorite parts. Oh yeah. Okay. I mean, the Lemon Brothers, They win The Lemon Brothers, the bodybuilding for God. And that's a real thing. Yeah. Bodybuilders, what is it? It's a body Builders For Christ. For Christ. Yeah. Is A thing. I've seen it on Instagram. Yep. Bodybuilding for Christ. I mean, you can do anything for Christ. You Absolutely can. Pretty much, yeah. Yeah. If you really think About it, it's a whole thing. There's a hashtag BB four, Christ number four, B, BCBB four, Christ. BBF, C, BBC. It says Welcome to Bodybuilding for Christ where faith and fitness unite.

(33m 37s):
So they're like real. That's Really pretty much what they Said. They honor God With their bodies. I mean their bodies were fucking fit. Like I loved the moment where it's the school assembly and they asked the, what's the guy's name? I'm Wallace. Wallace. It's like, it's almost like non memorable because F Wallace, but true. But like, they ask all the guys to come up and lift the thing and then the guy does it by himself. Brother Lemons like took four of you guys. Yeah. And he does like the, he like puts it like the cross. Yeah. You had to do it in the shape. Shape of the cross. He's like, it's stronger in a cross. Yeah. The power of Christ allows me to do anything. Yeah. And They're just like delightful. Like they are delightful.

(34m 18s):
Yeah. I love them. And He's like, I was talking about his daddy. He his dad. Dad. He was the one who loves dad. Yeah. He just loves the dad. Yeah. Were you guys ever second guessing him when he showed her like all the stuff that he had in his van for the exorcism and the GHB part. Like how there was like two baggies and she was like, why are there two? Yeah. I was a little worried that like it might be taking a turn and like maybe we were being led to belief that he was like, like a helpful exorcist and really he was gonna turn out to be like another demon. Kind Of. I had a moment of wondering if he had some nefarious intent with the van. Did he? But then wasn only a second After. Same honestly. then wasn just a second. Honestly, I never doubted him because of his strength, because of his strength, because of the power of Christ and all.

(34m 59s):
I, I only doubted him when the exorcism was actually happening. Yeah. Yeah. I think he just lost himself in it and later He says it. Yeah. He Like, that's why does what he does. Yeah. I don't wanna, I mean, should I, can I spoil? don? Don't know. I mean, we spoiled spoil. Yeah. It's spoil pretty much everything spoil. But like when he takes the blame. Yes. Yeah. And he says like I, he, I think he mentions how he won. Like he trained for two years for like the, the most muscles in the entire universe, competition or whatever it is. And he says, and he's like, and I can't remember what music I was listening that I played while I did that competition. Right. I was training for two years, but I can remember every second of me like launching salt into that girl's face, the boiling water moment.

(35m 40s):
Like the boiling water that Like, and then when he was asking for the, what was it? Ammonia. Ammonia. I was like, oh my gosh, she's gonna die. And that'd be like, no. Like no. Like you're now you're killing her physical body. Yeah. Yeah. That got so scary. then wasn A horrific part. That is the scary thing about exorcisms generally because, and, and I think has brought up a lot of debate about how like moral some of these exorcisms are. Yeah. Because yeah, there's like sometimes like four muscular people holding down like this tiny frail body and like breaking bones of people in the name of exercising a demon. But like, But how far, How far is too far. Right. Exactly. Exactly. It's a fine line I would say.

(36m 20s):
Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. And you could tell like he reached that point and was like, I have to go. Like I have to go get my dad. And just The way that he turns himself in and he turned himself then wasn so sweet. And then the conversation that they end up having years and years later. Yeah. then wasn one of the most wholesome moments ever. I know. Yeah. I'm glad that they had that They could reconnect. I'm so glad they had that. Yeah. And then the other wholesome thing that absolutely just ruined me, I also cried listening to this part. 'cause Abby's dad the whole way through, like you can tell she loves her dad. Like she loves her parents, but she has a tough relationship with them. Yeah. Right. And her dad never does anything like, he's very passive. Even in the meeting where the mom tells off major. Yeah. He's like, he gets a little snippy. He does have a, a little funny thing in that one.

(37m 1s):
What did you say when she says Like, he's never liked you? And then Yeah. She's like, you always kissed up and kicked down to him. Yeah. And she's like, we never liked you. And the dad says, now that's not entirely true. I just never thought about you long enough to develop an opinion. And I was like, oh, which is worse. And that's what we saw, like the first part of his personality come through. And I was like, I think I might like this guy. Yeah. And then when I knew I fucking loved this guy was at the end when obviously like, so Abby and Gretchen get separated because like it's this whole big court case and Yeah. I mean people think that Abby tried to kill Gretchen and yada yada Yada. You know, that whole thing. Yeah. But you can't keep two best friends apart. No. So they find a way to each other, and Mr. Lang, Gretchen's dad is like super pissed off about it.

(37m 43s):
And finally Abby's dad just tells him off and is like, dude, they're gonna be friends through whatever. Right. Like, if they can figure out how to pay the phone bill and if they wanna write letters to each other, let them, you see like, who are we to keep them apart? Yeah, of course. then wasn Be, and he's like, you see it's tearing them up inside, like he says, like, I'm seeing it tear my kid up. Like, we Can't do this because there is no love. Like a best friend. Yeah. No, really, truly. It's true. Yeah. then wasn one of my absolutely favorite part. then wasn really sweet. Oh, I loved that. Then wasn great. And I loved, during the exorcism when Brother Lemon there, I just loved like the way he's like, his lines are some of the funniest things. They really are because he's so serious about them. But he says, I'll be doing some serious blasting of prayer.

(38m 24s):
You're not girded with the full armor of God. You might not make it through with your soul attack. Yeah. Like he's such a meathead. He is. He's But also like God meathead. Yeah. Like it's this weird combin love that you wouldn't necessarily put together. No, I'm gonna do some serious blasting of prayer. Like, it's just like, what? Absolutely incredible. Did you catch the little true crime reference at the end? What? What? When he's wearing Joey Buttafuoco pants. Oh, I, I did hear that. Yeah. Remember? Yep. Joey Buttafuoco's Mistress was the Long Island Lolita. Oh. And she like tried to assassinate his wife after like a year's long affair. I didn't know that. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. then wasn a little rough there. He, But he's wearing Joey Henrick with those, those little Easter eggs.

(39m 7s):
So good. So C and I ended up talking to Chad and Carrie Hayes who wrote the Con, the first Conjuring film and like House of Wax and stuff like that. They went to this town in India, and I'm forgetting the name. I think it starts with C, but it's literally a town where they perform exorcisms. Wow. Oh shit. And they went to this town, they went up to this like church and they're performing all these exorcisms. And the guide that they were with was like, either of you wanna be possessed by a low level demon because a low level demon. And they're both like, nah, I'm good, I'm good. But like, because they're just exercising demons. There is this question of now what happens to the demon? Where do we put 'em? Right. Yeah. Because it's, it's, it's like a tapeworm, which is also an interesting Oh, Interesting Story.

(39m 50s):
Good point. It needs, in order to survive, it needs a Host. It needs to feed off someone. So where does Andres go? I Mean, part two. I'm saying we need a second book. We do I know. He Said he doesn't do sequels. He's not a sequel guy. He said he loves sequels. You never know. But he doesn't, he said he doesn't do them. Just don't call it a sequel. Don't call it a comeback. Yeah. But the Southern Book Club's guide to slaying vampires. Another title by Grady Hendrix takes place in the same neighborhood. Oh. But he said this book is about the kids. That one's about the adults. Well, And so I was asking, I realize that's the same universe. Yeah. Oh, I was asking because I wonder if the book club Yeah.

(40m 30s):
Is the book club that, that's the Abby's mom, or sorry, Gretchen's mom was like getting drunk. So that is wild. Right. And it's a great title. That's the Title. Title I'm listening to. Yeah. It's, you know what's interesting is I didn't realize that that took place in Charleston. Yeah. And I almost feel like the town of Charleston plays a such a large role in this title. Definitely. Absolutely. In a way it didn't in that one. 'cause then wasn more about the like community and the book club. Yeah. Whereas this was, I think like economics did play a lot more of a role in this title. So Hal Charleston, I love the way that he, that grader describes like Charleston is all these like massive, beautiful homes that are on the outside and so old, so maintained.

(41m 13s):
But the second you go inside, they're like decrepit and people are losing so much money trying to keep them alive. Which is like a metaphor for all these families. Absolutely. So true. Yeah. It plays a huge role in it. Yeah. And there's even, like, they talk about a girl that they, that there's like a rumor she got like Molly sacrificed by like Satanists Yes. In that shack, right? Yeah. In in that shack. Or near that shack. Like in those woods. Definitely. Yeah. And her name is Molly Ravenel. And if you watch Southern Charm on Bravo, so Many Southern charm. Shout out. I was gonna say we're hitting Southern charm all the time. And it's like the Ravenel Bridge and like the Ravenel, like a Huge name. It's a huge name. Charleston and in politics, like for a minute.

(41m 54s):
Yeah. They're Like interesting. A political family there. Like there's a Ravenel Bridge in Charleston. Like all that can we talk about? I heard, Oh, well one the baby. But then also they were saying Molly's body was buried. Like Yeah. That they can, they kind of plant it, but you never go into it where Gretchen's like, we need to bear. Like we need to dig her up. Give her Christian barrier and Christian burial. Yeah. Yeah. I, I am curious that if they actually went to that spot, would her body be there? I Know that that's, is it a rumor? Is it real? And was that Gretchen saying that? Or was that Andres? Andres trying to get Abby to go somewhere where she shouldn't have been. I think Then wasn Gretchen still, because I think she was still in the throes of coming out in Glimpse, Allowing Andres to fully Take over.

(42m 36s):
Take over. Yep. But even when she's in that period, she does say things to Abby. Like, he tells me things about everyone else. Even you. Yep. So he could have told her that. He could Have told her that. That's true. Yeah. And still be trying to lead her out there. I feel like then wasn a way to lead her someplace She shouldn't have been. Yeah. Because he specifically really wanted to destroy Abby because I think he saw her obviously and rightfully so as the biggest threat is the threat. Yeah. He knew that she, she could be the one to, to expel him. No one loves Best friend. That baby in the bag is like, okay, wait. That can go back to one of the scariest parts then wasn Dark as hell. The first of all. So disturbing. No, max got all that.

(43m 17s):
Max Does the dog die.com. Yes. Yeah. The Dog Max is one of the most brutal things about this. No one title prepared me for that. No, I was not ready. I'll never be ready. Even Gretchen says like, that's the one thing she can't get over. Yeah. But also the one thing that's kept them friends for as long as they were able to be is that Abby's the only one who knows that that wasn't Gretchen. Ugh. Everyone else thinks she's just a bitch daughter. Good boy Max. Good boy. Max. And he was so dumb. It drove my heart. But the Maxi pads all stuck. I know, I loved that dog. Good boy. To be a blanch. I was just gonna say, He had such blanch vibes and Then wasn like, no. And he's just like breaking into the neighbor's track. Yeah. He's just living, you know, he's Just living his life.

(43m 59s):
Oh, it broke Four, one. Oh yeah. Truly, truly. then wasn. Yeah. I think then wasn like the biggest. Yeah. That destroyed me. Yeah. Yeah. Whose baby was it though? Sorry, going back to that. 'cause I feel like I cut myself off twice there. But then wasn from that, when they go see that like Body farm medical place? The medical lab. Oh, okay. The The bucket full of them. So then wasn basically like a specimen, a stolen, like a donated medical specimen that somebody stole from Gretchen stole because there was a moment, I think because then wasn so shocking that I was like, like did like whose Baby is that? Yeah. I was like, are we not gonna talk about that? She killed a baby? Like what's going on? Yeah. then wasn that the, it must have been a donated specimen.

(44m 40s):
Yeah. Yeah. At the cadaver lab and then they stole it. Yeah. So that she was always gonna be known as a baby stealer, A cadaver Specimen, baby stealer, and then wasn. Like another thing that kept them tethered. Gretchen was the only one who knew that she didn't really actually do that. She didn't actually, yeah. I did love during the exorcism, there's so many great moments during the exorcism. It's such a crescendo. Yes. For the whole thing. Right. When it says Andres blue, an ex, an exhausted raspberry Was, I lost it. I was like, And you're pretty funny. Like, I Was like that. That's pretty good. then wasn, He just Like, like then wasn off. Right? And then he said, and when she was like, when she's like, I know who you are, you're Andress. You're like the purveyor of hell or whatever you are.

(45m 21s):
And he says, so you've heard of me so fucking what? Yeah. I Was, I love then wasn a big deal. Yeah. I was like, shit, if you weren't like really mean this And a demon, I think we could hang out possessing her best friend. Yeah. If You weren't a demon possessing My, Best, Friend. Right. You could hang out. Andres, You got pretty funny. My, I would love to like sit down and interview a demon. Yeah, that would be interesting. Would be really cool. I don't think that's possible, but No, a girl can, A girl can dream. A girl can dream. Yeah. Someday. Let's, we will do it. We'll get there. We'll there, we'll get there. We'll figure it out. Yeah. Where there's a will. Where there's a way. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Did you guys know that this has also been made into a movie? Yes. I really, we should do like a movie night.

(46m 3s):
Oh my god. We should ly we, I just picked it for my screen pick. Yeah. So We should watch it. Oh, now we have to watch it. Yeah, we have hundred percent. So you do it for spooky Halloween night. I love it. Okay. Yes. Perfect. Okay, perfect. I'll host it if you guys want me to. Okay. But if it wasn't a movie, I have cast the entire thing and so has Elena. Yes. The entire thing. Meaning the four Maine girls? Yes. Yeah. Entire thing. That's it. Literally the whole block. Yeah. So for Abby, I did May Whitman. Okay, that's great. then wasn a great one, which I feel like I just like pretty much pictured, like somebody like Mayi the whole way through. Yeah, yeah. Like you were saying, I don't picture like famous people as the characters.

(46m 42s):
Yeah. But when you go back, you're like Yeah, she, I could see that. Yeah. For Gretchen, I did. Anya Taylor Joy, love her. I feel, I love her. Feel like she's like so unique looking specifically possessed. She would scare the shit out of you. Yeah. Horrifying. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then Margaret, I did Ki and Chika. Who plays? Sabrina. Sabrina, I love that one because I just feel like Margaret like definitely had like pretty girl privilege. Yeah. And I feel like Kieran is so pretty right. That you know, you could see that. Yeah. You could see that. I could see that. And then for Glee, I didn't, I had a hard time kind of don don't know about you guys. I had a hard time picturing Glee throughout. I think the, the name was hard for me. Yeah. Like I kept picturing the show every time. Me too. Me too.

(47m 23s):
I was like, wait, who's Glee? And then I, yeah, we had to get Get back. Yeah. Yeah. So I had a hard time, but every time she was brought up, I did picture somebody with like brown hair and like a like, like a don Don't know. I just pictured like a Lily Collins I think. Hmm. Okay. A very pretty Gly. Yeah, pretty gly. Yeah. Yeah. So That's my cast. I feel like they're all like pretty girls. I, you know that. Yeah. Yeah. Just A, just a group of pretty gals. Yeah. Pretty Southern Carolina girls. Yes. See mine. I thought of Abby. I thought Maya Hawk IHawk, Mya Hawk does have that vibe. Yeah. Like that. Especially her character in Stranger Things. Yeah. I could see being, that's exactly what I was thinking of. Yeah. And Gretchen, I thought I couldn't decide and Mikey gave me one of these and I was like, I can't decide between this now.

(48m 7s):
Okay. Because I was thinking Zendaya, which would Be, which, yeah. Did Grady Hendricks say? And Grady Hendricks actually said he would cast Zendaya as Gretchen. Oh, okay. And then Mikey brought up Sadie Sink from Stranger Things. Yeah. Max. And I thought she would be great too. I could See she's either of those. I could also see Sadie Sink as Glee. Yeah. Actually that might be, yeah. Yeah. That's a decent one too. Maybe That's how it works out. Maybe that is how so we still get her in the movie, you know? Yeah. Because I then I had to go back 'cause for Margaret and Glee, I was struggling. Yeah. It's then wasn tough. And for Margaret, I was like, let me go back in time and I'm gonna say Thra Birch. When? From like now and then days. Yes. Right. Okay. You know, a hundred percent. I mean, this is your dream cast.

(48m 47s):
You can, this is my Dream cast. I can go back in time pick. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. It'll all work out a time machine exists in this scenario. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Because then Glee, Christina Ricci Oh I think would Be pretty good. Because couldn't you picture her like jumping off the bell tower? Like I could picture such a dramatic actress. Oh, very. You know? Very much so. Yeah. I think you did a really good job. Thank you. I think you did a really good job. Thank you. I think you both did a really good job. Thank you. Thank you. Especially because I didn't do it, so I'll not, you both did Perfect. We'll just smash 'em together. I do feel like a Wallace would be one of the like rat boys that are like in right now, you know? Oh my God. Who would he be? He would be fucking, what's his name?

(49m 27s):
I'll choke. No. Killer baby. Oh, that guy. Jack Harlow. Jack Harlow would be Wallace. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like the whole euphoria cast could be like cast in this. Yes. I feel like Angus would make a great Wallace, even though he's so beautiful. Actually, no, actually Wallace was too. I was gonna Say, I think he's Like, he's too kind. He's not a, yeah, He's not. Okay. Who's Brother Lemon. Who's brother? Lemon. Okay. Oh, We gotta think of a meathead. Like a lovable meat head. Lemon. A lovable meathead. Oh, like a Zach Efron. Especially like him from Iron. Yeah. Zach Efron. Now Iron I think would Be, Yes, it would definitely be a brother Lemon.

(50m 8s):
I could see that. Yeah. I think he was, Yeah, actually I think Zach Efron might be that. That might be Zach Efron. Efron. You're, you see you did it. You did it. He did it. To be honest. He did feel Exactly. Exactly. He did the work for me. Alright, so to end, let's answer the questions from the quiz. Yeah. Because there's little, like the quizzes that appear throughout the title throughout, they have the quizzes From like the, you know the teen magazine? Yeah. That they're reading at time. Do you remember doing these? Of course. Oh yeah. My whole life was doing these. Yep. Yes. Okay. Should I read the first one? Yes. Are you driving away your best friend? You both swore to study for the big English test together. Suddenly she cancels.

(50m 49s):
Do you a assume she got a better offer and spend the afternoon feeling rejected. B, blow it off. Sometimes these things happen. C, call her and demand, she tell you the real reason why. Or D, give her the silent treatment. If she won't study with you, you won't talk to her. Honestly, probably a mixture of the first and the last one. I would feel like super rejected. And then Give the Silent treatment. Give the silent treatment. I would call and demand to know the real Reason. I knew that you were gonna say that. I would blow it off. Sometimes these things happen. Alright, so we all are coming there. Yeah. I do think like answering them now is one thing, but like sometimes like I'll answer the next ones.

(51m 30s):
Putting myself in like my high school, My teenage self. Yeah. Yeah. I think my answer would still ring true for my teenage self. Even for that first one. Hmm. I think my teenage self would be like so heartbroken. Yeah. Like feel rejected. Yeah. That would've been my teenage self too. Yeah. All right. So let's answer them as our teenage selves from this point forward. Well, we should answer 'em as both. Yeah. Okay. All right. Second question. Your best friend says she's stressed out and needs a break. So she's canceling your plans to double date this Friday. A what? A relief. You didn't wanna go either. B, this friendship is over. C, cancel your date and go to her house instead. She must need to talk D, your poor date. Now what else are you going to talk about on Friday night? I think high school C, I'd be like, oh my God, what's going on?

(52m 13s):
She needs to talk to me. And now A, because I never wanna go anywhere. Same. Same. That's a Would be me now. 'cause I'd be like sweet As you're wearing a homebody sweatshirt as I'm wearing a homebody sweatshirt. And I was gonna say between C and D for teenage me. Yeah. Because I was likely a lot more selfish then. So I probably would've been like, oh no, that's Fair stuff Going out. See? Yeah. Going so low. Bye. I feel like A and C would ring true for me, like back then and now. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Me too. Yeah, I probably was usually one canceling because I was always grounded for like a month for nothing. Okay. Your bestie shows up at school on Monday.

(52m 54s):
Sporting a brand new dew that she didn't tell you about. It's radical. It's expensive and makes her look like a poodle. You a tell her it looks great. That's what friends are for. B, pretend nothing's happened. After all. If you can't say something nice. C. Burst out laughing. At least it's not you or D. Be brutally honest. Someone's gotta say it. I think probably I'd have less control in high school and burst out laughing. So C, and then now I would do A and just be like, if I don't have anything nice to say, don don't say anything. Yeah. I do think it depends also on their reaction. Like if, yeah, if, if she thinks it looks great, then I would be like, yeah, it does. Or well actually, even if she said it looks horrible, I'd be like, it doesn't look that bad.

(53m 36s):
Yeah, you look great. Yeah. Like it will grow out. So you just reassure her. Yeah. Yeah. don Don't, I'm, I tend to be brutally honest. Correct. But I don't ever wanna hurt someone's feelings. Ever. Right. And I don't like yucking. Someone's yum. I don't Think you're brutally honest. I think you're tactfully honest. Thank you. I hope so. Because I don't like yucking. Someone's yum's Happy and everyone makes a friend like that. Yeah. Yeah. Like I'll tell you for real. Yeah. If you need the real shit. Yeah. Like I Will happily do that. And you've always been That way. But like to like bum someone out, right? Yeah. If I don't want an answer about something, I won't ask Elena. But if I need like a, a honest, like true, true answer, I'm like you like tell me. Sometimes you won't ask it 'cause you know the answer you're gonna get and you doesn't.

(54m 20s):
And I'm like, don't tell me that I know what I'm doing. Yeah. Okay. Last one. Your best friend doesn't have time for you anymore. Do you A, keep calling until she tells you why you deserve an explanation. B, respect her wishes. You don't want to be needy. C, tell everyone you rejected her first. Who does she think she is? D, refuse to accept it. This friendship is over when you say it's over. Alright. So high school C, I'd be like, I didn't wanna be her friend. And then now that's like your mom answering the right C. It rang true. And then now I feel like be respect her wishes now. But not because I wouldn't wanna be needy just because I'd be like, all right, if you don't wanna be my friend, then I don't wanna be your friend.

(55m 4s):
Right. You know, Elena, I would probably, I'm like a, I would probably be a, you need An answer? I need an answer too. Like gimme tell me. Yeah. Like be grow up, tell me what's going on. Yep. So that we can snip if we need to snip. That's me now. And That's me now. Especially if I did something wrong, like yeah. I know. I deserve to know. Yeah. 'cause like as a human being, I wanna grow. Exactly. If I did something to hurt you, like please tell me. Yeah. And then, but in high, in high school slash middle school, I was such a pushover and like emotional that I always felt like I would've respected her wishes and not wanted to be needy. And then just cry in the bathroom or something.

(55m 45s):
I hate that. See? Gross. Yeah. Look at all of us. Gross. Check that out. Okay. This was so much fun. This then wasn, I loved this. Thanks for having me. Thank you God for coming on Anytime then. wasn amazing. Thank you to you. Yeah. Seriously and

(55m 59s):
thank you to Audible for sponsoring this show. Don't forget that you can go over to Audible dot com slash Weirdos for your free trial. And if I were you, I would use that free trial to purchase this title and devour it all in one sitting.

(56m 14s):
Sabrina, tell them where they can find you. You want my address? So Blake wisely, you can find me. You can find two girls. One goes wherever you listen to podcasts. And on YouTube we are starting to speak to the spirits. So if we do get possessed, I will be calling you two. Boom. Heck yeah. We'll be there. So we will absolutely be there. Or we exorcism. Yeah. Yeah. We'll exercise you. Great. Thank you. I'll bring brother lemon. Oh my God. Let's go Ron. Let's go. Well, with that being said, guys, we hope you keep listening. We hope you enjoyed this and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that your best friend gets possessed and not so weird that if she does get possessed, you can't save her.

(56m 59s):
Bye bye.