
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Hey everyone, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am absolutely loving. It's called Cava. Hands down, the best thing that I found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day Cava is the all-in-one Superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, literally everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth and comes together with just water and actually comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, I like the vanilla And I like the chai one, and sometimes I like to mix those together, but it also comes in chocolate matcha and coconut acai. Personally, I like to drink it for breakfast. I know at the beginning of my day, I'm just getting everything that I need. I feel satiated for hours, and when I drink it in the morning, I just feel energized, ready for my day. Sometimes if I've ran out of the chai, I actually like to put a little bit of peanut butter in the vanilla one. It's awesome. You gotta try it. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off. for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


One of the first things I notice about people is their smile. I'm a sucker for teeth. I just love good teeth. And that made me hyper aware of my own teeth. And for a while I was like, Hmm, I don't know if these are like the best that they could be, but guess what? Achieving a gorgeous grin from home isn't a total mystery with Bite clear liners. Just don't be surprised if all your sleuthed friends start asking, what's your secret? To get started, all you need to do is order your at-Home Impression kit today for only 1495. So cheap Bite clear aligners are doctor directed and delivered right to yah. They make it easy to kick off your smile journey and bites Treatment costs thousands less than braces Plus they offer flexible financing except eligible insurance. And you can pay with your HSA or FSA. I absolutely loved Bite clear aligners. They made my smile shine so much brighter, so much wider. And I felt so much lighter. So get 80% off your impression kit when you use Code Morbid at Bite dot com. That's BYT e.com. Start your confidence journey today with Bite.


Are you looking to maximize your online shopping experience? Try Rakuten. Your favorite stores like Sephora, Nike, and Neiman Marcus. Pay Rakuten a commission for sending them shoppers. And Rakuten shares the commission with its members. That's you. Cash back is then deposited directly into your PayPal account, or Rakuten can send you a check. The choice is yours. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. Look, you're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? It's a no-brainer. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cash. Back rates change daily. See rakuten.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash And. I'm Elena. And this Is Morbid. This is more man. I forget what I was gonna say. I had something to say at the beginning of this one. I was actually gonna sing it and it was like a song about recording, but then I forgot it. You know it happens. Yeah. Sorry. It's windy out. And maybe it we're not outside, but maybe the wind just blew it right outta your brain. I didn't know where you were going with it. I know. I'm looking out the window. It's a wind out and You know we're not outside.


I was like, like, where are we going? Was like, she right over there. You're like, oh, we lost her. Oh, there she goes. Up the wind. Took her. But then I was like, ah, wind see Blowing mind. Even though we're not outside. No, but it was thundering earlier. I know. Only very quickly it just gave a little rumble. Rumble. Yeah. I didn't check the the raar. So I don't know. I don't think anything's coming in. Don't say that. Well, I'd like to say that tonight because I'd like to have a fire. I want, I want thunder. Don't you wanna drink mock thunder? Oh, rainfall casted to start in 31 minutes. Oh, okay. So maybe we'll get in the thunderstorm. Everybody. It's a, it's a little scatter. It's a little scatter. No, not a lot. So we can still do our fire And.


I have little, I got stuff to make mocktail pina coladas. Oh, I love that. So fancy Fanis. Fanis. Exactly. I love that so much. I love it. Well, today we're gonna be doing part one of a two Patta. A two Patta, A two Patada. Because there's just a lot of information. You know there's a lot of stuff going on in this way All. Yeah. Right. But when I tell you, it just, it really hits you over the, it just like boom gets you right from the get go. It's like a hillbilly moment hits you over the head with a pineapple. There you go. It's a, everybody remembers that right? From the Amanda show show. It's time for a hillbilly moment. And it, yeah.


And she'd be like, I'm gonna hit you with a pineapple. Yeah. Yeah. It was hilarious. Oh, I love that show. I want a Amanda binds to do well. She's doing pretty well. Oh, she, I hope she thrives. I really do. I think she passed her nail test and she's like, good for her. And I. Think she's gonna open up her own space. I just like, I'm starting to see, 'cause like she has like TikTok and everything and she comes across my feed. Yeah. And every once in a while I'm like, I feel like I can see like little gl, a little bit of a light come back. Yeah. When she talks about stuff like that that she's like excited about and I'm I think so she's one of those people that you're just like, You know you're rooting for You know I'm rooting for you. It's like Lindsay Lohan. She looks fucking incredible lately. She looks amazing. Like in In a lightness way too.


Like a light is coming. Yeah. Like a light is like back at her. Yes. That was there. And then like turned off for a little while and now it's back and she's here now. Yeah. I love it. And We're getting a freaky Friday pat too. Oh, I love it. With Jamie Lee. Curtis. Jamie. It's Jamie. It's all happening again. I'm like, let's go back to that time. I know. Let's do this. I know it. Let's have Amanda Bees thriving. Let's have Lindsay Lohan right back at it again. Let's go back to the early aughts, but make it non-toxic. Exactly. I Don't want any of that. Let them thrive and just be Who they is. I just want the Fun stuff. I agree. Let's do, so let, let's all root for them You know why not. Nobody's rooting for anyone anymore. Let's root for people. Let's Do that. I love rooting for people. I'm rooting for you.


What's in part one? I'm rooting for You. Thanks. So today we're gonna be talking about Peter Manuel, who is known as The. Beast of Birkenshaw. That Sounds terrifying. Yes. He's terrifying. And he is one of Scotland's worst serial killers. Oh shit. Yeah. And he's, he's one of Scotland's. He's known as one of Scotland's, like very first, like known worst serial killers too. Okay, so we're gonna begin, this happened way back. We're gonna start in like the fifties here. 19 or 18, 1950s. Okay. And thank you for making me clarify because No problem. Could have been either with me. I was gonna say With you, you never Know.


You never know. So on the evening of December 30th, 1955, 17-year-old Anne LANs and her sister Alice. So Anne and Alice. Oh, cute. I love alliteration. Right. They went to a dance at the Glen Lee Social Club in East Kilbride, which was a neighborhood in East Arch shear. I looked up how to pronounce that. I love the idea of a dance at a social club in the fifties. Yes. Sign me, write the fuck up. Doesn't that just feel Yes. So wholesome. I give me a poodle skirt or Yeah. You know Or else. Or else. Yeah. Or You know like or bust poodle Skirts are bust dances at social clubs in the fifties or bust And this and as we go, like obviously this is going to turn out very tragic, just so You know ahead of time.


It's Morbid, but the, it's Morbid, but they like the lead up to this. You're just like, oh, like Anne was just like having a quintessential fifties gal experience You. know what I mean? Like young gal, just like going out to a social club to dance, meeting a young soldier on leave kind of thing. Like it's one of those. Okay. So while she was there, Neeland and Neeland met Andrew myON, who was a young soldier on leave. He was, and they, they hit it off immediately. They just really got along. And after spending the whole night at the dance together, the two of them made a date to see each other again a few days later on January 2nd.


Now, their plan was that they were gonna meet together at the capital rig farm bus terminal. And so the problem here, so they were all excited. They leave, blah, everything's fine. The problem here though is that Andrew myON had been drinking heavily that night. Oh. He was very drunk. And later he said he claimed that he actually had no recollection of making this date with Anne. Wow. He said like, it's not that I wouldn't have, I just didn't remember that I had done it. Which it's like, oh, that's, no, that just makes sense. Yeah. It's just like, oh man. Oh. So Anne, however, was unaware that Andrew had no recollection of making the date.


So Anne went to the bus stop a little after 6:00 PM the day they had planned to meet up. Aw. And waited for him to show up. He hadn't shown up by 6:30 PM So she walked down the road a little bit and she went and visited some family friends, the Simpsons. She was like, whatever, I'll just go hang out with them. Yeah. Let me do something. So they chatted the Simpsons, cut You know, chatted with Ann for about 15, 20 minutes, and then she caught the 6:45 PM bus back to East Kilbride. She was very frustrated that Andrew had stood her up. She assumed had stood her up. Yeah. And You know she was a little annoyed, rightfully so. And actually later when, when the bus driver was questioned by police, the bus driver said that she remembered seeing Anne on the bus.


And she specifically remembered that she seemed very irritated and put out, I mean, so she was just like, buck this guy. Yeah. Now Anne got off the bus at the Willow Cafe, which was a popular hangout for teenagers and kill bride. Like they would all just kinda like hang out, have a cup of coffee kind of thing. Nice. And when the bus driver passed the stop, about a half hour later, she said she could have sworn she saw Anne in the crowd outside the cafe. She just recognized her. But that was the last time anyone would ever be able to report seeing Anne kill and Neely's alive. Oh. Now, at the time, Anne was 17 years old. She was out of high school. She was working a full-time job. Like she was really, she had a whole life.


So she did live at home with her parents, but her parents were trying to be like kind of respectful of her autonomy at this point. Yeah. Because she was a good kid. Right. Like she was responsible. She had it together, earned their trust, had a full time job. They believed You know they could give her a little bit of leeway. I don't need to be on top of you. I don't need to know where you are at every given moment. I'm trying to let you be like an independent woman here. Yeah. It must be so hard. Exactly. Oh, I can't imagine. But that's why when Ann didn't return home that night, they thought maybe she just stayed with a friend. Maybe she was, and she would be back the following day. Yeah. She was deniable. Yeah. But she didn't come back the next day. And this is when they got worried and they reported her missing to the police. Now that afternoon, as the local police were taking the report from Anne's parents, George Grin, who was a laborer from East Kilbride.


He was just having a leisure moment. He was just taking a nice little walk around the Calderwood golf course, which seems like it would be a lovely place to just take a quiet walk on a morning You know, like it's quiet, supposed to there yet you're not gonna run into many people. Yeah. And he said he was just You know, just having a nice casual day. And the, and this is the beginning of his day. Oh, no. And he approaches like some trees that are near the fifth Tee, and it was just like a collection of trees. And George said he looked over and he saw what he immediately identified as a person laying face down at the base of one of the trees. Mm. And he said, at first, he was like, oh my God, did someone like trip and fall?


Or did someone like, like pass out, drink too much and come and pass out in front of a tree? So he moves in closer to kind of inspect things a little bit. And that's when he realized that it was definitely a person lying on the ground. But he said it was very clear that something bad had happened here. It was a young woman, he could clearly tell. And he said immediately he knew that she had been dragged into the wooded area by her ankles. Oh God. He said her skirt was pulled above her knees and her coat she was still wearing was disarranged. Really rumpled, like clearly all of it had shifted while she was being dragged. Yeah. He said he couldn't identify the girl, but he said part of the reason that he couldn't identify the girl was how badly she had been beaten in the face and head.


Oh. He said there was no doubt in his mind that she was dead. He didn't even need to check for a pulse. He said, there's no way can imagine ever finding somebody like that. I always think of the people who find these crime scenes, And, I must be so scary. He's murder victims. And it's like, like what? How do you get past that? No, I, I don't think you do. I think that's gotta be something that just like, it just sticks with you. Sits with you. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, this is just you're, and that's why I just made sure you knew like he was starting his day. Yeah. He's just starting his day with a nice walk to kind of clear his head. Start the day off. Right. Yeah. That's, and this is what you never think you're gonna be walking in a golf course and come across a beaten to death teenager.


S 17-year-old girl dumped in front of a tree. It's just tragic. So he immediately ran back to the work site and told the other contractors what he had found. But assuming that You know he was playing a prank, they were like, maybe he's just trying to like start us all off. Like You know in a crazy way this morning, You know that'd be a wild way to start your day. We're wild and kooky over here. So they were just like, shut up George. And they just went back to work. Oh, sounds to me like George might be a little bit of a prankster. Yeah. Considering they didn't even come to look. But he was frustrated. So George ran to the nearest house. He was like, fuck you guys, if you won't listen to me. Gotta, so he ran to Nearest, I gotta get some house. And he called the police from that house. Okay, good. So good for George. I was like, when did the police come into play?


Yeah. By the time he made it back to where the body was laying, some of the other laborers had decided to come check out what he had said. And they had gathered around the body just as the first officers were arriving. Oh man. So the area had to be corded off, obviously. And investigators started assessing the entire scene. It became pretty obvious to them, like right away what had happened because footprints were leading from the golf course to where the body was laying. Oh. And it indicated that Anne had actually been chased by whoever had killed her. Oh, I fucking hate that so much. She had been, and then she was dragged into the woods where she had been sexually assaulted. Oh no.


Her shoes, other personal items were just scattered all around her. One shoe was actually embedded in the wall of a nearby ditch. Why? Like she had kicked somehow and it had stuck into the wall. Oh my God. And the other shoe was laying about 70 feet from her. So it obviously came off while she was dragged or in the struggle, or when she was, or when she was running. Running. That's So this is like a horror Movie. It literally is a horror movie. Like he's a, this person is a horrible person


To me. Nothing says summer like a good outdoor movie night. You can have a little bit of watermelon on the back porch lounge with your friends, and you can throw up a projector for Wayfair, because guess what? You can find everything you need to summer your way at Wayfair, no matter your style or budget from keeping kids entertained in the backyard and relaxing on the patio to gathering friends for a dinner party. Wayfair has everything you need to make your home the ultimate summer destination shop all your summer essentials that will make your home the talk of the Weber hood from garden gnomes to gazebos. You can find legitimately everything on Wayfair. We were just talking about this in the pod lab today. I got a couple of chairs from Wayfair recently for my reading room. I love it. And you can seriously just find so much and they have something for absolutely everyone. The shopping experience is so, so easy. I use their mobile app and it is so easy to operate and it actually recommends things for you. So it's like, ooh, let me check this out. Wayfair is the go-to destination for everything home. No matter your style or your budget. Find everything you need to summer your way at Wayfair. Visit wayfair.com or get the Wayfair mobile app. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


A few feet away at the base of a tree. The pathologist, Andrew Allison, identified what he believed to be where the assault had a started. Sure. He said the ground was absolutely saturated with blood. And Allison described that there were also human debris found there. Fragments of bone, hair, and tissue. What? Yes. So I'll tell you how she, how he killed her. And it's awful. So given the state that the body was found in her clothes had been torn disarranged, the investigating officers naturally, immediately assumed that aunt had been sexually assaulted.


Yeah. It was confirmed later during her autopsy because that was later that day. But her attacker had also stolen her underwear before leaving. Yeah. That's such a fucking creepy Thing to do her. Yeah. Her cause of death was noted as repeated blows to the head with a blunt object. Oh. They said it was so vicious and so many hits to her skull that quote, the vault of her head had been destroyed. That means the skull cap, that means the thing containing your brain. Oh. Had been absolutely destroyed. That's a lot. And that's where the fragments of bone and hair and tissue were happening. He had literally caved her head in.


Oh my gosh. Monster. He's a vicious monster. When they say The Beast of Birkenshaw, they're not kidding. He's a fucking of beast. Monster. Monster. He's a mon and we're gonna get to it. Don't worry. But somebody should have stopped him a long time before this happened. Hate when that happened. He had every single indication that he was going to escalate to something. Yeah. It's really frustrating. There were also cuts and scrapes on Ann's hands that the pathologist thought could have been from the barbed wire on the golf course fence. Oh. Like she might have climbed over to get to try to get away. Oh God. Now police officers fanned out across the neighborhood and they canvassed door to door. But there was really only one neighbor who reported hearing any kind of commotion 36 hours earlier.


No one else really saw or heard anything suspicious. And unfortunately, those who knew Anne were really not a lot of help either according to her sister Alice. And it's not because they intended to not be a lot of help. Yeah. They just, what were they gonna say? Like they didn't, she don't have anything. She didn't, it's not like Anne was doing things that they could have been like, well, she was hanging around this creek. Yeah. She wasn't doing anything wrong. She was just living her life. She was just living her life. So Anne or her sister Alice said Anne was a pretty girl with lots of boyfriends. She went dancing about once a week. But Anne did not tell me the name of the boy she was going to meet. And. I didn't inquire. Oh no. 'cause again, they didn't really ever reason to. Why would you think to Yeah. They weren't worried about her. Right. And it's because she was a good responsible gal.


Yeah. Jean Simpsons, who was one of the people who she was visiting one of the family friends, and it was the night she died that she visited her. Yeah. She also said when she came into the house, she was very excited and nervous. She didn't talk much. But I can remember her saying she had been in the house over New Year and that she had missed the 1715 bus. But otherwise, neither Jean Simpson nor her husband knew where Anne was headed after she left their house that night. Right. Because she just kind of was like, all right, I'm off. I'm gonna head out sooner later. And all. Yeah. And all we know is she stopped at the Willow Cafe. Now within 24 hours, investigators had found Andrew myON, the young soldier who she was supposed to meet that night.


And myON said, yeah, I was like super drunk. The night that we met, I didn't remember making plans with her. He felt bad that he had unintentionally stood her up. Right. Well, I'm sure now he feels knowing what happened. He way worse. Yeah. But he offered up an alibi and so he was quickly ruled out because they can confirm the alibi. Right. Many of the other boys and men who hung out at the Willow Cafe were also questioned. A lot of locals were questioned, especially locals with any history of sexual offenses. but they all had alibis and they were all crossed off the list. It was, they could not find a lead anywhere. Then on January 4th, a patrol officer stopped by a work site near the crime scene.


And he stopped there because he wanted to question a gang of day laborers working for the gas board. So he asked them all like, have You know, do you remember that day? Do you remember seeing anything? Do you remember hearing anything? Do You know anybody who has been acting strange? They all denied knowing anything about the murder of Van Neland. But one man, Peter Manuel appeared to have fresh scratches on his face. Interesting. That were very noticeable. And Manuel claimed that he got the scratches when he was in a fight in Glasgow on New Year's Eve. But the officer was like, huh, they look fresher than that. I don't know about that. Yeah. And he was just like, mm, I don't know. Those look like pretty deep, pretty like brutal scratches.


And to this officer, they just thought that seems like somebody who was fighting for their life. Yeah. So later this officer couldn't put this away. So he went to the home of Peter Manuel and Peter Manuel lived with his father and he talked to both of them. And Peter Manuel's father confirmed his alibi for the night of the murder. But the officer said, I don't buy it. I just don't buy it. Something just rang gut feeling. Yeah. And he was like, I'm not letting it go. Good. So he went back and he was able to secure a warrant to go back to that house. 'cause he said those scratches, they, something is matching here. Yeah. And that alibi doesn't make sense.


And the only person that can confirm it is his own father who he lives with. Okay. We have a bit of a bias going on here. Yeah. Like something's a little off here. And he said something about this guy just doesn't sit right with me. So they returned to the house on January 12th with a warrant. And with this warrant, they were able to remove a bunch of items, a bunch of clothing from the house. And they also brought Peter to the local precinct to question him. And by that time, a foreman at the work site that Peter Manuel had been the previous week, they found what they described as a signoff, pickax hang handle, buried beneath one of the temporary buildings on the site. The fuck. And they turned it over to police.


'cause they said maybe this is a potential weapon. Yeah. Now detectives questioned Peter for more than four hours, but he stuck to his story and his father further said, Nope, I'm verifying his alibi. Which I'm like, do you feel good about that? Yeah. Also, despite their best efforts to connect Peter to Anne Neeland, they just couldn't connect it. Nothing. There wasn't a connection that they could find. And they couldn't put him at the crime scene like definitively. So they had to let him go. They didn't have anything to hold them with. They were like that close now without any evidence or new leads. And now with this whole thing drying up, the LAN's case just went cold. That's so, and the detectives shifted their attention to other stuff going on.


Now, investigators in Arch shear continued investigate, even though it was like going cold. They didn't like shelve it. You know. Yeah. They were soon to do that. Still doing their best. They continued investigating in Neely's murder, but they weren't getting anything. And they really little progress was being made. And to make matters worse, in September of that year, another horrific crime was committed that ended up kind of distracting them from the LANs case. On September 9th, 1956, William Watt packed up his fishing gear and his dog and left for a nice solo fishing trip in the Highlands. And when he left, he was leaving his wife Marian, who I believe was 40 at the time.


And their 16-year-old daughter, Vivian at home in be signed LA Arch Shear. So because her husband was gonna be gone, Marian Watt invited her sister, Margaret Brown to stay with her and Vivian. Yeah. While William was away on the morning of September 17th, 1956, the Watts housekeeper, Helen Esan, she came to work a little before 9:00 AM and she went to open the back door and it was locked. Which was strange because she had worked for this, the Watts, Watts family for a many years. So she knew them very well and they had a very fixed arrangement. That was, if Vivian's mom was still asleep when she left for school in the morning, Vivian would leave the back door unlocked for Helen the housekeeper.


Yeah, that makes sense. And she's like, so she never didn't do that. And like, and then she was like, oh no, what are they sick? Like, did something happen? So Helen walked around the house, the outside of the house looking in, knocking on the windows. And she went along to the side of the house and she found that a glass panel on the front door had been smashed in. Oh, that's terrifying. So immediately she's like, fuck. Like, what is this? So she flags down a passing mailman named Peter Collier, who immediately helped. And he put his hand through the glass and unlocked the door. Damn. Which I was like Peter to the rescue. Yeah. This is good Peter. Good Peter. So once inside he, Peter went to the first Peter Collier.


Mm. He went to the first pc. Yeah. pc, not pm. He went to the first bedroom he found and he came across a horrific site. Oh no. He found the bodies of Marian and Margaret, the sisters, the mom and the aunt on the beds. It's again an alliteration. Marian and Margaret. Yeah, you're right. They were very obviously dead. He said in the bed were two bodies and the bed clothes were covered with blood. Oh man. They were laying side by side in the bed. It looked like they were sleeping like on their sides. Oh man. And each had a very large gunshot to their head. What the fuck? Yeah. So Peter Collier immediately called the police from the house phone. And while he was waiting for them to come, they kind of told him like, You know don't leave.


but they were also like, if you see anything else, like You know, tell us. Yeah. So he continued looking around. He knew some by Helen telling him that there was a daughter. Right. That should be in the house. So she was like, you need to find her. So he continued looking and he found Vivian in her bed with a similar wound to that of her mother and aunt. Oh. She was still breathing. What? She was shot in the head. And you'll find out she had various other injuries to her. And her story is very, it's chilling. Oh God. So she was still alive. She was still breathing. But before emergency services came, she passed away. Oh, I thought you were gonna say she lived.


No. Yeah. From their initial evaluation of the whole scene, detectives thought that the killer probably broke into the house in the middle of the night by smashing through that window and unlocking the front door, like reaching in. That's Fucking, yeah. So scary. Horrifying. And the fact that the dad just happened to be away, you have to wonder, like was the killer watching, watching Walking the house? I think he was watching. Oh, I hate That. And that's even more horrifying. It's So scary to think back and to like, to think that family was just going about their business and Somebody was, and he's watching and waiting. Crowling. I hate that. It's, it's so chilling. It's like a horror movie now. They believed once inside the killer moved quietly to the first bedroom.


They found, they found Marian and Margaret sharing the bed. Both women had been shot to the right side of their heads as though they were asleep when the whole thing happened. But Margaret had also been shot in the face just below the right eye. Oh wow. I wonder if she like woke up if she had been the second person killed. Yeah, they, they, they're not sure. 'cause there were powder burns on the skin of both women. Well, so that would indicate that the barrel of the gun was right there pretty close to their head or against their skin. And later the coroner confirmed that both head wounds would've been immediately fatal. So it's likely that either woman he just shot to shoot knew what was happening or felt what was happening or woke up. Yeah. Maybe he just shot twice.


But the investigators also noted that the be the night clothes of both women were definitely like rumbled and rearranged. Likely after death though there were no signs of sexual assault here. But Marian's dress had been hiked up to expose her lower half. And Margaret's pajama bottoms had been pulled down. So he's doing this as a shame. Yeah. Like let me humiliate their dead bodies. The fuck. Which like you have to be so fucking far fucked to be like messing with dead bodies that you have just killed. That you just killed. Yeah. So from the looks of what happened, they believe that the gunshots must have woken Vivian.


Right. She was obviously asleep in the other room, but she was still in bed with the covers pulled up to her chin when they found her. Oh. But the room was in disarray. They said there was obvious signs of a struggle here. There were clothes, other items strewn around the room. The furniture was knocked over like a fight had happened and the killer had stubbed out his cigarettes on the carpet. What? Yeah. So Just the fact that he hung out and smoked for a while. Yeah. And stubbed them out on the carpet. She, Vivian had also been shot in the head at close range, but she had additional injuries including bruising to her face and her pubic area. Oh God. Her arm had also been wrenched very violently behind her back.


Her bra underwear had been torn away from her body, but she had not been sexually assaulted That they could find, huh. In the Source by McLeod that will link in the show notes. They say there was a possibility that she had been tormented and tortured by her attacker before being shot. Yeah. So they believed she was like tortured and that he was like stepping out the cigarettes as he was doing this. It seems like there was, there's been a sexual element to that torture. If her pubic area was bruised, It feels like there was always a sexual element in it somewhere or another. Yeah, unfortunately. Like she wasn't sexually assaulted by a criminal definition, but, But she pretty much was. No, the press came to the scene almost before the investigators did.


Oh good. They were immediately on it. And this got sensationalistic coverage. I mean, yeah. Yeah.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car. But only one thing to say that can help you protect them Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need no matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Introducing Bluehost Cloud ultra fast. WordPress hosting with a hundred percent uptime on a website with unmatched power, speed, and control. Of course you do. And now you can have all three with Bluehost Cloud. The new web hosting plan from Bluehost, not only is Bluehost Cloud our fastest web hosting available, but it's also built for WordPress creators by WordPress experts with a hundred percent uptime and incredibly speedy load times. Your WordPress websites will be dependable and lightning fast on a global scale. Plus your sites can handle even the biggest traffic spikes without going down or lagging. And with Bluehost Cloud, you get 24 7 WordPress priority support, meaning you're connected to WordPress experts anytime you need them. Not to mention, you automatically get daily backups and world-class security. So what are you waiting for? Get Bluehost Cloud today by visiting bluehost.com. That's bluehost.com.


Vivian's friend and next door neighbor. Deanna wasted no time telling the press how they had been together the previous evening. And she had just narrowly avoided being the fourth victim. And she said as I was leaving her at the front door, she jokingly suggested that I spent the night with her. Her mother and aunt were still up at the time and it's like, yeah, that's really scary. Yeah, That is scary. So for the most part, the neighbors really spoke highly of this entire family. They called them very nice people, very friendly. One neighbor told a reporter, I'd spoken to the girl once or twice. She was very attractive. Okay. And kind. Yeah. So, and a good person. Yeah. Now, while detectives were combing over the scene at the watt house, a neighbor approached them to report that a few, a few doors down at another house.


It seemed like they had also been broken into while the occupants were away though. but they said they saw something happen. Can You imagine coming back to your house to see that and then to know what happened? A few doors down. Yeah. And it looked like the intruder had gotten into the house by smashing the glass panel on the front door. Oh my God. I'm not gonna look at my glass panels. The The same I know a patrol officer was sent to check this out and found a scene that was eerily similar to the watt house, except no one had died. But Did they do the whole cigarette on the carpet? I knew it someone, it had broken in. They had trashed the house this time. They had dumped can soup and canned spaghetti all over the floor.


Oh motherfucker. Yeah. Like fuck That. Who does that? And they attract mud all throughout the house. Like seemingly on purpose. I'm so pissed right now. Imagine coming home to this. I would be through the roof And then there were a bunch of cigarettes stamped out in the carpets. It's like a thing. And it's like, does he know these people that he's attacking and doing this to? Because that's such a big disrespect. It almost feels personal. I Think he has no respect for anyone. He's just an asshole. He's been an asshole since He was little. Fantastic. But also, one of the beds looked like it had been slept in recently. Oh. But the homeowners had been away. Oh Yeah. I would. I'd be like, well, we're selling the house.


Yeah, I'd burn the house down. I think I'd be like, bye. Can't look at this ever again. Oh God. But investigators initially assumed that the motive for the break-in was robbery. But once the owners had been contacted and came back, they confirmed that the only items that were missing were two gold rings. And they weren't worth a lot of money. And they said the more expensive items are right out in the open. And this person obviously spent considerable time in this house, Like possibly even slept Here. And they didn't take 'em. So, so They were just doing this to be a fucking Creep. Yeah. So what they thought was, did the killer of the Watt family stay in this house while these people were gone to watch the Watt family?


Oh, maybe. And wait for the right moment to strike. Oh, that's on another Fucking level, dude. It was eye shot. Like they could see the Watt family house and they would be able to see their comings and goings. What the fuck? Yeah. That's disturbing. Yes. And to like, even just like the the, the break in. It's like how do you ever gain a sense of privacy back? Oh, I always wonder that About how it must be so hard to just Yeah. How do you go to sleep that Night? How vulnerable You must feel like You hear about stories like this and you're like, oh, I'm like afraid to go to sleep tonight. Yeah, you live something like that. Imagine then you just have to, can imagine like, yeah, you gotta get, You gotta get through this, Right?


You gotta get through this, You gotta make it, gotta make it, gotta make it through. Like that's how do, like you, it would take therapy. I feel definitely like it would take therapy to be able to like work through that. Definitely. I don't know how I would work through that. God. Now this case received a ton of widespread coverage. I bet. And it set off like a pretty sizable panic among young women and girls in arch share especially. I'd be freaking out. So there was intense pressure to make progress in this case, which is not always great. Yeah. It can work in our favor a little bit, but also against it sometimes you get that West Memphis three style. How confident are you in this case? 11. Yikes. So You know.


Don't want that. So investigators turned to the most likely suspect in most murder cases and started looking at the dad, the husband William Watt. So they looked at his alibi, they looked at his background. It's like I Was literally on a body Of water. And he's like, of course I was on a solo fishing trip. Oh. And that looks so sketchy. It does. So neighbors and around in You know, like residents and Arch Shear spoke very highly of this family, like I said. but they couldn't say something nice about the remaining member of the Watt family. Oh no. While Marian and Vivian were considered very nice people, and again, I don't think this is William Watt's fault, William Watt was criticized for being absent on a fishing trip on the Lord's Day.


That was where his downfall went. What an asshole. Huh. And it's like, Guys, God, that doesn't make him murdered. The fact are harmonious even when somebody's entire fucking family is That's wild. Is really murdered and their home is broken into. Yeah. And in fact, and they were criticizing him because he was on this solo fishing trip, so that he had to be tracked down by the press at the lodge that he was staying at to be informed that his entire family had been murdered in his house. Oh. By the Press. That's how he found out. That's Horrific. And in the weeks after this, William Watt would temporarily become the prime suspect because multiple witnesses picked him out of a lineup as well. And He was, he was like, I live here. Yeah. Like what? So he was held at Barney Prison, but after several weeks he was released because the case against him was so questionable.


Like there was nothing there. And there was Nothing there. They had nothing that showed that he would murder his entire family. Like it just, no. And they were looking at this other house down the street and they were like, so you're telling me that William Watt the father and husband, boop down a couple of doors. That's the other thing. Stayed at this house. But like that doesn't even make sense. Like it's like, 'cause he wasn't gone for that much time. Yeah. To be even doing that. Also, it's like, how do you explain that? Was he a smoker? That's the thing. And it's like, how do you explain that there was this like lookout clearly like somebody staked out here and obviously he wouldn't have needed to do that. Yeah. He wouldn't need to. So it's like that doesn't make a lot of sense. So none of it made sense.


Like they knew they had to I understand why they went to him first. Yeah. 'cause absolutely 90% of the time that Right. Usually statistics talk. But according to Hector McLeod, to some, he was a pathetic victim of outrageous misfortune to others. He was a scheming villain who was fortunate not to be convicted of murder. Okay. Now, as in the case of the Neen of Anne Neon's murder, when it came to alternative suspects, Peter Manuel's name was at the top of the detective's list. Hey, imagine that. Yeah. Manuel had a long criminal history of sexual assault among other things. And many still believe that he was absolutely the guy that was responsible for Ann Newland's murder. Right. So he seemed a strong suspect here too, because he got away with it.


But when they questioned Peter about his whereabouts, he presented another strong alibi, which his father said, yes, absolutely. Daddy, we need to talk. Yeah. Yep. And they searched his home and they couldn't find anything related to the Watt family murders. So they said, okay, I don't know what to do. Now Peter Manuel's connection to the Watt case could've just ended then and there he had an alibi. They searched his home. Nothing. Nothing. No connection. They gotta let it go. And they did. They said, all right. But then, but he just couldn't help involve himself. He could have been scot free. Oh man. But he couldn't let it go. While William Watt was still being held at Barlin on suspicion of murder.


Manuel Peter Manuel also became incarcerated at the time for another robbery. Stop it. And they were literally serving time next to each other. Wait, what? So Peter Manuel was serving time next to William Watt, whose family, spoiler alert, brutally murdered Peter Manuel is responsible for murdering Holy shit. Yeah. And so apparently Peter Manuel at that time wrote a letter to William Watts's lawyer saying that he knew that William Watt was innocent. And he said, I know the man who did it. According to Peter, a day before the murders, he said he'd been asked to participate in a robbery at the Wat home.


But he declined the invitation. Oh, what a good man. He said, no thank you. A day after the murders, the same man he said had come back to see him. And he said, having been afflicted by the horrors he'd committed against the watt women, he asked Manuel to get rid of the gun he'd used. Okay. And Peter Manuel said this was the same man who'd stolen the two rings from the home near the Watts Ho House. Sorry. Which is like, you seem to have a whole lot of information. Huh? That's the thing. You seemed to know a lot about these two crimes and a lot about these two crime scenes. Sure did. And although it was, he was skeptical about what Peter Manuel had told him, the lawyer, William Mott's lawyer felt it was, who knows Stranger Shit has happened.


Right. So he reported it to the authorities. Nice. In time it became clear that Peter Manuel was angling for an early release on this robbery conviction and was trying to use this supposed information as a bargaining chip being like it was me. But I know, but so much everybody. And it was true that he seemed to know a lot about the murders, including several little details that hadn't really been reported heavily in the press. but they said it was possible though, that he had learned them from maybe some of the papers. They weren't heavily reported on these details, but he said they were like, it's not impossible that he didn't see it somewhere. Okay. And because after all, in addition to his criminal history, Peter Manuel was known to police in Archs Shear as an actual, like a fantastic liar.


Oh man. So they were understandably very skeptical about the report of some unnamed man being the real killer of the Watt family. Yeah. But still, if what he said was true, they didn't wanna be remiss and not just like do their due diligence and follow it up, which I'm glad they did. Good police work here. Yeah. So several officers began investigating his claims and they started with a full scale raid on Peter's home that he shared with his father. Damn. His dad's probably like, can you get your shit together? And it's also like, I bet you didn't see that coming. Definitely not. I think he thought it was gonna lead them further away. Yeah. But not so much. It brought them closer. Oh no. He was definitely trying to get that early release by being like, look over there, it's some guy, go find him.


but they were like, no, I think it's you actually. That's look at, and in addition to William Watts's lawyer, Peter seemed to speak openly with anyone about several crimes, including Ann Neely's murder, where he wasn't saying he did it. He speculated very heavily on the killer's identity. Ah, in an interview, Peter told reporters, I wish to state emphatically that I did not kill any of these unfortunate people. He also publicly demanded that Landmark Shere police go on record to state that investigators recent actions, quote, had no bearing on any murder case whatsoever. He wanted them to literally go on record and say, yeah, I know where doing a full on raid on Peter Manuel's home.


But it has nothing to do with murder. Not at all. Nothing. No, no. It's like that would be a lie. Wow. Peter. Now, although some members of the police force suspected Peter Manuel of definitely being involved in the kneelings and watt cases, it appears that at least at the time, he wasn't considered the most serious suspect. Really? To them. They said, so McLeod wrote to them, he was just a troublesome liar with an annoying tendency to claim he was involved in major crimes. 'cause he had done this before. Right. It was kind of of his mo Yeah. And he, he would claim he was involved in an outside way. He never did the crime. He was just, he just got rid of something for somebody or Yeah, somebody wanted me to be involved. Right. But I said, no, no, I would never.


Yeah. So it's likely that for that reason, that when William Watt was finally released and ruled out as a suspect, no one really decided to take a closer look at Peter Manuel. And after Watt's release from custody, Peter Manuel kept writing these letters to law enforcement from prison making increasingly fantastic claims about knowing some information about the recent murders. But he wouldn't say what. And he was very cryptic and very, and it got more and more fantastical what he was claiming. He's intense. Yeah. And the more fantastic these claims became, the less serious anyone was taking him. And because it's very like, Hey, hey, look at me. Behavior. Yeah. So he's like, no people.


And everybody's like, why would he do that? No one would do that if they actually did it. Well, yeah.


Now that it's summer, it's time to let your mind go on vacation all through the power of imagination. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Right now you could be traipsing around the big island of Hawaii, uncovering government secrets alongside the protagonist of Eruption by Michael Cretin and James Patterson. All without leaving your couch with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Wondery pod or text Wondery pod to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Wondery pod or text Wondery pod to 500 500.


So in November, 1957, Peter Manuel was released from Barini and was back on the streets. Oh God. Now, when Ann Neeland was murdered, Peter Manuel's name immediately came to the minds of several of the detectives working on the case. Yeah. But like we said, it appeared he had that strong alibi. There was really nothing connecting him to it. And when the watt murders occurred, his name was again up on that possible suspect list. But again, no evidence to really tie him to it. But these suspicions were growing stronger and stronger after he had written that first letter to William Mott's lawyer claiming knowledge.


And the thing is, it's like when you look at that series of events, that journey that we just took, where you are, your name comes up as a suspect murder over and over and over because you have a history of being fucked up, of being involved in sexual assaults and robberies and violent things that we will talk about. You came up, you were cleared, you came up again, you were cleared again, and then you insert yourself into multiple homicide cases when you were cleared That, it's so interesting though. That's so risky. But it's like I'm, I feel like as soon as they started looking away from him, it probably pissed him off. He was like, wait a second. Because he likes the attention it sounds like.


Yeah. It's so wild. He likes the attention but doesn't want to like go in with both feet. Yep. But as soon as they start looking away, he's like, wait a second, wait. But me Like he, it's like he wants credit for it without The punishment. The punishment. Yeah, exactly. He doesn't want the punishment, he wants the credit for doing it and, but it's just so wild. And it makes you say, who the fuck is Peter Manuel? Who is this guy? Guy? It does. And why the fuck is he going out of his way to be associated with two horrific crimes? Yeah. What the fuck? Tell me. So Peter Manuel was born in Manhattan actually on March 13th, 1927. He was born to Samuel and Bridget, Manuel, Scottish immigrants who'd come to the US to build a better life for their family.


I love that. At the time, they already had one child named James who they had to leave behind in Scotland. And this was very common for this time. They planned to send for him once they became established. That would, I've said this in many other cases before that would happen. Yeah. They would come over, try to build that better life and send for the child later. Unfortunately, the market crash of 1929 and the depression that followed really dashed any hope of that American dream or economic prosperity. Yeah. So by 1932, the family had to move back to Scotland and they settled in Motherwell, which is a village in Arch Shere. According to his brother James.


Peter struggled to adjust to his new life in Scotland. He had spent the first five years as his life as an only child also. Oh yeah. Then he Just has a brother all sudden. Yeah. Now he has a brother and he was put into school with older, more advanced children and he got teased a lot for not really, for being like very different and being unfamiliar with Scottish culture. Yeah. And like just being different. Essentially the culture shock. So Peter's criminal career started very early, really age 10. Wow. Age 10. He broke into a local chapel in Coventry where the family was living at the time. And he stole the church collection box. What a little shit. Which Is fucked up for anybody to do, but a 10-year-old. Damn. Yeah. The fuck. Now around this time he had also been acting out in school.


He was getting into trouble on a near regular basis. So like you said, there were warning Signs. Yeah. And on one occasion his teacher actually found an unspeakably filthy is how she described it. Drawing that one of the students had left on her desk and they traced it right back to Peter. Oh no. So all read, that's, you gotta look at that. Yeah. That's freaky. Especially with like how he's gonna treat women later. Now, when she confronted him about it, she said he showed no sign of remorse. And that was a character trait that would go throughout his life. People that must have been freaky immediately recognized that he showed zero remorse for his actions. Right. Never the break-ins and petty thefts kept on going.


They started and kept on going into his teen years and he would get more and more brazen with each one that he committed. 'cause he's getting away with it. And when he would get caught, again, not one shred of remorse and he was really smart. He did well in school, but he didn't really apply that whole thing to his criminal career because he was caught a lot. Mm. He was caught a lot. He was punished a lot. Eventually the authorities grew really impatient and they were like, You know what? We gotta stop doing probation and verbal reprimands with this kid. So they started giving him juvenile detention sentences. Yeah. They're like, he's not learning. So yeah. So during one of those sentences, he was evaluated by a psychiatrist and they made the following observations.


The school report of the probationer is anything but satisfactory. I bet out of school. He's said to be always in trouble at school. He is said to be cunning and puts on an air of innocence and is very deep. He's deceitful, difficult to believe and appears to be the ringleader on most occasions. He has led younger boys into trouble, and he consorts with those suspected of theft. I'm not at all surprised that the boy has appeared again at court. There is no doubt, whatever, that the magistrates adopted a correct attitude and committed him to an approved school. So they were like, he belongs here. Yeah. Although most of his offenses up to this point were nonviolent during this period, they still included details at this moment that had implications that things could escalate.


Okay. When he was 14, Peter ran away from that school and broke into a nearby house, and he stole the homeowner's purse. The woman returned home unexpectedly and found that he was carrying an ax, like a large ax. Oh, okay. He ran out, but he was there with a weapon. That's so fucking scary. And a year later, Peter ran into a school or ran away from school again and broke into a home with the intention of robbing it. But when he discovered that the female homeowner, always a woman, the female homeowner was asleep in bed. He beat her in the head with a hammer. And how old was he?


14. He beat, or excuse me, at this point, 15. He beat her in the head with a hammer. She lived, yeah. The attack caused a concussion and hemorrhaging and resulted in hospitalization. I bet. And when he was arrested, he pleaded guilty to the charge and they said, but would not or could not explain why he attacked her. He just did it. Fuck. And he showed again, no remorse for for it. And again, she's just sleeping in bed. So it's not even like she was gonna catch him. Yeah. He just beat her in the head with a hammer. Oh my God. That should have been it. Yeah. But just a few months after the hammer attack, Peter escaped from the school again and went to the home of a school staff member. Jesus, the staff member wasn't at home, but his wife was. Oh, no. And Peter beat her in the head with a large piece of wood.


Once she was incapacitated, he dragged the woman to a wooded area behind the house, ripped off her clothes, tr and intended to rape her. Oh, yeah. But stopped at the last minute for unknown reasons. Just stopped. What the fuck? She suffered a broken nose and a broken shoulder bone. It was deeply traumatized. Obviously. She Was literally dragged out of her Home. But now he is at, there's one where he brings the ax. Yeah. But he doesn't use it. The second one is he beats a woman in the head with a hammer while she's asleep at 15. The third one, he beats a woman, so she's incapacitated.


And then he ups, he's upping at one every time. Yeah. This time he drags her out to a wooded area and he attempts to rape her and stops at the last second. And this kid is literally like 14, 15, 16, Like, and no one's sitting here going, the next thing he's gonna do is murder someone. Everybody. Absolute rape or murder someone. Yeah. Now, it was during this time that another odd behavior came, emerged in Peter, which could also be significant later in his life. At some point in his mid-teens, the break-ins, which like we said, were motivated by robbery, increased the violence against people. Now he has apted again, where he started causing massive amounts of damage and destruction to the homes themselves.


Okay. Like we talked about how that one house was found with cans, soup and spaghetti everywhere. Mud everywhere. Stubbing the cigarettes out. That started early. Really? He would frequently rip up clothing and furniture, dump food on the floors, vandalize the walls, stub cigarettes out on the carpets. This started in his teens. The Fuck is he so angry about? I don't know. And according to one newspaper report at the time, the damage left was of such enormity that words could not adequately describe it. Wow. Now, Peter's violent behavior continued to escalate as he grew older. And in 1946, he was arrested when he, hi.


The walls of a home. He was robbing while waiting for the police to leave. Oh, they couldn't find him. He was in the fucking walls. How did he get in the walls? No idea. But he was caught trying to escape the scene. Later The, there's too many stories where people are in the walls. Yeah. Don't Love that. They dislike it greatly. Everyone stop having walls, I think, I don't know. What do you, What else Do you do? But while he was out on bail for that, he committed three sexual assaults, Jesus On Bail, and he was Yep. On bail. And he was quickly rearrested and sentenced finally to eight years in prison. Yeah. What the fuck? But it was during this time that Peter had gained a reputation among law enforcement and other criminals for being a very big narcissist and a compulsive pathological liar And a cuckoo Nut man.


By most accounts. He would lie about literally everything and anything, including one frequently told story that he would use where he said his father had been electrocut or executed in the electric chair. Nah, He's here. His dad was like, no, I'm still here. Just vouching for your ass. But he also continued his habit of blaming others for his behavior and the consequences of those behaviors. Yeah. In this case, for example, he blamed his incarceration on William Muncy, who was the detective constable who arrested him at the scene of the robbery. And he was like, no, I just caught you. Yeah. Like you did it. Like I did not make you Do this. So I'm literally a detective constable. So fuck off. Yeah. Peter's time in prison was also not, he was not a model prisoner.


Lots of rules, infractions, violations, violent outbursts involving other inmates, and he would receive all the inevitable punishments that followed, but nothing worked. And eventual, eventually, his continued outbursts and his unwillingness to be even slightly easy to deal with, got him sent to the prison psychiatrist, who included the following. In his assessment of Peter, his record from the age of 12 makes it clear he's an aggressive psychopath. Oh. He has all the benefits of the juvenile court treatment and boreal treatment. And it is doubtful whether, even at the beginning of his sentence, any constructive work could have been done with him. There is nothing I can suggest now. Nothing.


So the psychiatrist said, he is an aggressive psychopath. And. I cannot do anything for him. You cannot do anything for him. And I, don't think anyone ever could do anything for him. And they were like, What's that about? Huh? But the guard and the guards and the staff at the prison shared the psychiatrist's per opinion. They were like, yeah, no, he's, he's bad. And one officer summed Peter up as one of the worst types We have at Peterhead, his police imp prison record proves that it is utterly impossible to manage this man other than when he's locked up on his own. So You know there are special cases where that just fucking happens. Yeah. And let me remind you, he was just labeled a very dangerous, aggressive psychopath with absolutely no hope of recovery.


But there was nothing that authorities could do to keep him locked up after his sentence. And Peter was released from, Hm. Prison Peter's head in October of 1952. Damn. Everybody Must have been just shaking their heads. Yeah. Like we're, are we letting this one go? And that's where I'm gonna end for part one, you Motherfucker, Because Peter Manuel continues. Oh no. He does not change. He does not shift. He continues in a very horrific way, which we will get into in part two, but don't you worry, he will get caught in part two. Okay, Good. We love To hear that. But we are gonna take a break for that one, so I can do a little extra research on this one. All right. Well, in the meantime, we hope you keep listening And we hope you keep It weird.


But that's right. That you break into somebody's house and disrespect their entire home by throwing SpaghettiOs everywhere and putting out your lit cigarettes douche bag asshole. Keep it that weird. You're a piece of shit. Peter Manel spaghetti on the carpet. I would fucking lose it.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What came first? The chicken or the egg? Spoiler alert. It's neither at Happy Egg. We believe happiness of the hens is what actually came first. Because without Happy Hens, there would be no such thing as Happy Eggs You. know eggs with delicious orange yolks. Those come from hens who are raised the happy way on eight plus acres of family owned farms. Choose happy@happyegg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg.