
Hey weirdos. It's Ash here. Ready to share a little secret. Have you heard of Wondery? Plus, with ad free episodes and one week early access, it's like having an all access pass to our lighthearted nightmare. So come join us on the dark side and try Wondery Plus. Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Financial experts often emphasize the importance of patience in investing. The most successful investors tend to be those who take a long term approach. They avoid those hasty decisions based on short term market fluctuations, and they stay committed in their investment strategy through the ups and the downs. Acorns is designed to help you adopt this patient long term approach to investing, making it easier for you to grow your wealth steadily Over time, you can start automatically investing with the spare money you've got right now. Even if that's just spare change, let time do its thing because the longer you stay invested, the more of a chance your money has to grow. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now, even if all you've got is spare change. Sign up now and join the over 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash Morbid or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier one compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, LLC and SEC, registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash Morbid.


You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now boom, you're saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery. Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is Morbid. This is Morbid And I, it's before Thanksgiving, but for you guys, it's after Thanksgiving I think. Isn't that weird? So we have not given thanks yet. Thank you. But because you have, I hope you had fun. Yes. And I hope you ate all kinds of yummy food. Ooh, scrumptious.


I'm salivating just thinking of our food that we're gonna eat. Yeah. And we're thankful for you. Yeah. We love you. We'll be thankful for you. Thank you for being our listeners. Yeah, we'll stay thankful for you. It'll be a whole thing. It's, it's gonna be a whole thing, guys. It's so beautiful. You know what? I'm thankful for Sushi. There you go. I just had some Good for you man. And you had a strawberry hostess. Cupcake. I did. Have you guys tried those? I didn't know they existed. She broke it out and it's me, her and Mikey in the pod lab today. And she said We can split this into three. And I said, no need no need to yourself. Split yourself. You can split that in half and you two can eat it. Me. Mikey, you took the journey with me. You did. That's cute. It wasn't bad. It was just one of those things that you're like, alright.


Yeah. Okay. I felt like it wouldn't mix well with my sushi and dumplings. Probably not. I was like, I think I'll try that at a later date. Yeah. If ever. That's a great, I think you should try it. 'cause I think you might be pleasantly surprised. Okay. But not with sushi. Mm. Right now I'm in a place of those little Debbie Brownie Christmas tree things, cakes. Oh yeah. Like not, I don't, I'm actually not a big fan. Don't you say it. I'm not of the vanilla of the Christmas tree cakes. I don't like too much frosting. And the middle is sometimes too much for me. And I'm, I fear that you're gonna throw something at me. I like, I like the brownie better.


Doesn't John also? Yeah. Yeah. And both of you can get the fuck outta here, but that's just with your shenanigans. That just means more for you. It sure does. My kids like the, the vanilla ones with me. I, you know what It is? I don't dislike them. Like I'll eat one every now and again. I'm horrified. But if I, like, if I had to pick like on a desert, I on a deserted island, like you can only have one brownies all the way. I hate that. I'd also pick brownies over cake that so much like in general. Wow. Yeah. This is like, I'm feeling so betrayed lately from, from my, the people I love the most. Who, what they love and what they don't love. Why, what else happened? Because you just said that. And then John, we were finishing up follow the House of Usher Oh, TV show the other night of Mike Flanagan.


I wanna watch that. You know? And he was like, yeah, I'm, I'm not like really into this. And I was like, I'm sorry, what? And he wasn't into midnight mass either. And he was like, and then he said the words, and Mike Flanagan, if you're listening, he doesn't, he didn't mean it. Mike Flanagan, if you're listening, you have a fan in this house. It's me. No John. But John was like, yeah, I don't know if I really like Mike Flanagan's stuff. And I was like, I don't know how to accept that. Did you say, I don't know who, who you even are. I'm just not sure how you watch two things with Kate in it. Yeah. That is made by Mike Flanagan. You said two things with Kate. Kate Siegel.


Kate. Okay. His wife. Oh, okay. Who's in both of them? Okay. Who's a phenomenal actress. Okay. She's just chef, chef Kiss and tell me you don't, you're not really into them. I don't understand that. That way of living. Yeah. We're gonna, we're gonna try again because I refuse to accept it. So I think I'm too force him to watch Fall Down Escher again. You know what though? I feel like that would be akin to Drew turning to me and telling me that he didn't like Bravo all of a sudden. Yeah. It's, And I, I'd kick him outta our house. It's, it's rough. And then you sit here and you tell me, I didn't say, I didn't, that saying you do not appreciate No, no, no. The vanilla Christmas tree. You, at one point you said, I don't really like them. You said those words. Okay, good. That's courage. Yeah. You quoted me correctly.


Second time around that upset me. Upset. No, I shouldn't say I don't really like them. I just don't prefer them. I prefer my, my preference is the brownies, you know, write in. What's your preference? Should we do a social media poll? Oh Lord. S like, no. I'm like, no, I'll lose America's sweetheart will win the Brownie Crusade. That's fine. More for me, like you said. Exactly like you said. Like I said, like I I said it. I said it. Alright. Well I think that was an unhinged enough intro. I do wanna see, I think it was Follow Follow. The House of Usher followed The House of Usher. I highly recommend it guys. If you haven't watched it, I'll wait to watch it with you. It's a banger of a minis series.


It's only eight episodes. Oh, that's not about And he is Mike Flanagan's. Brilliant. And so is his wife favorite? I'm willing to try his stuff. I am. I don't think I've ever seen any Mike Flanigan stuff. I I think he would dig it. I really do. I'm us. I feel like we usually have, yeah. I wouldn't say similar tastes because you don't like the things that I love. No, but I, I feel like you TV show wise, I'm saying he, he just has a way and he, and, and the atmosphere that he creates in his shows and movies, I think you will appreciate in a big way. I've seen the trailer of Fall of the House of Us, but I always feel like I'm gonna say it wrong. And I liked, I liked the trailer. Yeah. I was intrigued. Yeah. I think you'd be into it, but I don't think Drew would like it. And that's tough.


No, I don't think that because we watch TV together. And right now, if you're a Bravo head, oh my God. All the shows of Ron Honey, oh man, all of 'em Real Housewives, a Beverly Hills just came back first episode. Absolutely obsessed a banga. I do not condone smoking unless your name is Dori Kemsley. Whoa. Have you seen the picture of her lighting up a Virginia Slim and just driving out? No. She, she's like going through a divorce And it gets outed and she's getting chased by paparazzi and she just lights up a Virginia Slim. And everybody knew that Dori smoked, like she's been caught by paparazzi before, but she's never done it on the show. And she, I she just had such a fuck it moment. Yeah. She doesn't give a shit. It was iconic. It was the smoke herd around the world.


But there you go. Don't smoke. It kills. It does. So anyway, I think I said that was chaotic enough of an intro, but then I made it more chaotic. I love that. Well, now we're going to get onto the case. This case is absolutely bonkers from start to finish. Ooh, I'm excited. Yeah. I will let you know, like right off the top, right off the top of this. It's very brutal in the beginning. Oh, but here, here. But it's called Morbid. It is. So this is The Murder of Carol Thompson. And it all started on the morning of March 6th, 1963. Ruth Nelson was just sitting in her living room in her St. Paul, Minnesota home. She was catching up on the morning news and she heard what sounded like somebody lightly knocking on her front door.


So she went to the door and she peeled, appeared through the small window and she couldn't see anybody. But she decided that she should just open the door to be sure. And when she opened the door, she saw that lying at the foot of the steps was her neighbor, 34-year-old Carol Thompson, who lived just a couple houses down temperatures that morning were freezing. But Carol was only wearing a light robe. She had no shoes on. And the upper part of her body from her head to her chest was absolutely drenched in blood. And Carol looked up and then a voice just above a whisper. She looked at Ruth and said, help me. Oh, that's so haunting. And she's like, Ruth has just started her morning just, you know. Yeah. Probably made a cup of coffee watching the news Jesus.


And opens her door up to Wow. Like her beloved neighbor too. Yeah. They were close and only 34 years old. Yeah. Super young neighbor. So Ruth called out to her husband and son who were still home. They had been in the kitchen and they moved Carol inside the house laying her gently on their rug. And while Harry Nelson ran to call the police, Ruth and her son just tried to comfort Carol however they could. Holy shit. And one of the two ended up asking Carol what happened to, had somebody attacked her who had, and in a faint voice that suggested she was losing consciousness really quickly. She answered, a man did it, and Ruth asked what the man's name was, and she thought that Carol said Johnson. But by then, Carol like, could hardly speak. Oh, that's so awful. Even so, she was just speaking over a whisper.


So Ruth would never be quite sure what the name was. Now, moments later, another neighbor, Dr. Fritz Pearson arrived. His wife had been watching everything that morning through their living room window and suggested that he go over to help because she was like, something is like very wrong over there. Yeah. So Pearson instructed the Nelson's son to go get some wet towels. And he carefully started wiping away copious amounts of blood. It was clear to everyone that somebody had attacked Carol and had beat her really badly about the face and head, which is where they assumed that the blood was coming from. But when Carol dropped her hand away from her neck, Dr. Pearson noticed a large stab wound.


And it seemed as though that the broken knife blade was actually still embedded into her neck. Oh my God. Yeah. Ruth Nelson later said, I know Carol very well, but her face was covered with so much blood that, that even, I didn't recognize her. Oh, that's horrific. So Harry Nelson's call to the St. Paul Police came into dispatch at about 9:07 AM Just think of how early this is first thing in the morning, at which point he reported only that his wife had discovered a quote, badly injured lady on their doorstep. And just that they needed help immediately. It's unclear what sergeants John Mecado and Roy Shepherd were really expecting when they got to the scene. But whatever it was, it was not really likely that they had pictured just a housewife, a neighbor just drenched in blood.


Yeah. Later Mercado wrote in his report, the wounds were small and appeared to be stab wounds. But in truth, Carol had been injured so badly that it was impossible to tell where all the blood was coming from. Oh yes. She had so many wounds. So as Dr. Pearson continued providing first aid, the officers tried to get any information out of Carol herself. But by then she was barely conscious and she wasn't able to communicate at all. So it was Ruth Nelson who explained how she came to found Carol that morning. But nobody had any idea what happened to her. Like how she got that way. Yeah. Can you imagine just finding someone like that? No. You have no clue what happened. No. And she can't tell you. That's can't tell. The worst part. So the ambulance arrives or arrived a few minutes later and the EMTs were directed inside.


And in their report, one of the EMTs described the extent of Carol's wounds as far as he could see at the time writing. We observed that the woman had numerous wounds about the forehead, a wound bleeding quite heavily in the right eye, and three or four wounds in the neck on the left and right side. We also noticed a shiny metal tip, or what appeared to be a knife blade protruding from the left side of the neck. Who the fuck did this to her? Oh, just wait. So Carol was taken to anchor hospital by the ambulance while the officers called for additional support and started their investigation from what the two initial investigators could tell Mercado and Shepherd.


It seemed like Carol had actually crawled or dragged her way down the street just trying to find Oh, that like shatters my heart. Yeah. And just like this quiet and you can't yell. 1960s suburban neighborhood and she can't yell 'cause she's been stabbed in the fucking neck. So when they conducted their door to door canvas of the neighborhood, Fritz Pearson's wife, who that was the doctor's wife who had sent him over and a handyman who had been working on their house, told investigators that she had seen who she now knew to be Carol slumped in front of another neighbor's house just a few minutes before she made her way to the Nelson's door. So she had to like stop on her way there. Yeah, of course. Which is, I just can't imagine looking out my window and seeing that.


No. And also like, did you tell anyone? She's the one that sent her husband over. Oh, okay. To them. Oh, she's the one who said like, I think something's going on over there. Yeah. So I think she saw, because I was like, I think probably what happened was initially she saw somebody like in the street and was like, who is that? Like, what's going on? Yeah. And then looked like, looked further and saw her get to the Nelsons and realized who it was. It was like, all right, there's something wrong here. So when investigators arrived at Carol Thompson's home about just a block away, nobody was home and the front door was locked. So the officers ended up entering through a side door that was open and that opened up into the kitchen for the most part. The kitchen actually seemed to be pretty undisturbed, except there was one drawer where silverware and knives had been pulled out. Okay. And its contents were spilled to the floor.


But then they saw a trail of blood that led them from the kitchen to the front door where they discovered a large pool of blood. And laying in the blood investigators discovered three unspent live rounds from a pistol. What appeared to be the handle of the knife from Carol's neck. Oh. And several pieces of hard white plastic of unknown origin. They like couldn't figure out what this plastic was. Once they confirmed that there was nobody in the house, the attacker wasn't there, a team of investigators started searching the Thompson's two floor home, hoping to get some insight into what happened at all. Now the first thing they noticed was that the front door had been locked from the inside with the safety latch, like a little chain latch.


But the door had been pulled so hard from the inside that it had actually come away from the frame slightly. Wow. So somebody was trying to get out desperately also discovered on the floor by the door, just under the rug was Carol's wedding ring. Ooh. Which is just like, that's very chilling. Yeah. Like what? Now? Upstairs in the bathroom, investigators found several smears of blood in the sink, which led them to believe that whoever had attacked Carol definitely tried to clean up after themselves before leaving. And they also saw that there was about six or seven inches of water in the bathtub. Huh. It was just so weird. From there they followed the blood trail back to the primary bedroom, which had been completely ransacked.


Like it looked like somebody had been looking for something in particular in a big hurry. And while it was a mess, they couldn't help but notice that there was no rhymer reason to the chaos. So they thought it was possible that Carol was attacked. Like maybe, like I always say, some kind of robbery gone wrong. That seems staged though. But it felt way too staged, they thought. And on top of that, nothing appeared to be missing. Yeah. I mean, staged her diamond ring by the front door, you know? Yeah. Whenever it's like, no rhyme or reason to the ransacking. Yeah. It's definitely staged. And nothing is missing and nothing is missing. Like, hello? Like, come on. So there was, there was ample evidence of a struggle obviously having occurred throughout several rooms in the house. And it seemed like Carol had fought back, or at least tried very hard to get away.


But despite that, they couldn't really determine the sequence of events and they really couldn't tell where the assault had actually started. Yeah. 'cause it seems like chaos. It's chaos and everything is just a mess. And it kind of just looked like once the attack started, the attacker and the victim ran all throughout the house. Yeah. Into several rooms. And probably even doubled back actually more than once. So they canvased the houses or the house on both sides of the street for several blocks. But other than the Nelsons and the Pearsons, nobody had seen or heard anything out of the ordinary that morning. Wow. Given the time of day a lot, lot of families had gone their separate ways by the time the attack would've happened and wouldn't be back until like late that evening. That's true. It's like work, school, work, school, you know, errands, all that stuff.


Exactly. Other than a few droplets of blood on the sidewalk, there was no evidence that a crime had ever even occurred out there. Or that Carol had crawled her way to the neighbors for help. Wow. Which, when you think about how badly she was injured is insane. That's incredible. Yeah. So while they were in the process of searching the home, Carol's husband, t Eugene Cotton Thompson. So his name is t Eugene Thompson. But he's better known as Cotton. That's what he goes by. Cotton weary. That's what I thought. That's what I think of. While the detectives were searching the home, he arrives home, Cotton arrives home. He had been at his law office downtown when he got a call shortly after 9:00 AM from the Nelson's son Sydney, saying that there had been an accident involving Carol Sydney didn't tell him too much.


'cause obviously he's like, you have to drive here. Yeah. And he's like, And I don't even know much and nobody even knows. Exactly. Yeah. So he just said there was an accident. By the time Cotton got the call, Carol was on her way to anchor hospital. But instead of going directly to the hospital, Cotton drove back home and actually even stopped briefly at the Nelson's house before then going back to his own house, which was definitely a little weird. Yeah. And like, I'm sure you're not thinking straight, but it was something that people took note of. For sure. I can understand that. Yeah. So he told the police, he had left the house that morning around seven 30, and he was taking his son Jeffrey to school. And then he went to his office. So, okay. Typical morning, he said around and also a, a well trekked alibi.


Around eight 30, he called the house to confirm with Carol that he would be picking up the kids at school. And he said, other than that, that was the last time he had spoken to her. Wow. He said, at that time, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. She didn't sound distressed, nothing. But by the time they finished the search of the house, the detectives had actually discovered very little in the way of evidence. And they really didn't have any leads to indicate what exactly happened in this house. Yeah. Obviously the attack had carried out through multiple rooms, covering the walls, the curtains, the rugs, everything in blood. But as for why and how it all happened, they were at a loss. Hmm. But based on all the evidence, they theorized that Carol had been hit at least once with a piece of large, heavy rubber tubing, which they found on the kitchen floor.


But they believed that she was also likely assaulted with the butt of a gun. Wow. Because the handle of which was broken in the process, leaving all these shards of plastic by the door. Oh, that's what that was. Yeah. And she also sustained several stab wounds from what they concluded was a small pairing knife. Holy shit. And that's the handle that they discovered by the front door.


Damn. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I love the Bur months, December, November, all of the bur months because they're so cozy For some wrapping up in a blanket with a mug of hot chocolate or, you know, watching a movie with a family is the best way to spend the month of December. You know what a is another great way. Therapy. Therapy is a great way to bring yourself some comfort that never goes away, even when the season changes. I love therapy. I think therapy is awesome. I have benefited so much from it. So many life lessons and just like major breakthroughs I have made in therapy have shaped me into who I am today. So if you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid


audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top audio books, podcasts, and originals, all in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. From romance and wellbeing to fiction, audible's, carefully curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 fours Best of the year in audio entertainment. Like an almost unbelievably star-studded production of George Orwell's 1984, which both honors and reinvigorates the terrifying classic. It's one of the best original dramatizations that we have ever heard. Or romance that hits the spot. Like Emily Henry's funny story, heartfelt memoirs like Supreme Court, justice Keji, brown Jackson's. Lovely one. Listen to the year's best fiction like The Women by Kristin Hannah. And first of all, ever it's brilliantly subversive. James, personally, I think of best of the Year is Elena Erhart, the Butcher and the Ren and the Butcher Game. Woo, audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/more Brandon, discover all the years best waiting for you like my sister's titles.


So while they're still searching through the house and trying to figure out what the fuck happened here, doctors at Anchor Hospital did their best to stabilize a badly injured, but still alive. Carol, she had 25 separate cuts on her head from a blunt object. And several of those cuts had called a, had caused a skull fracture, brain hemorrhage, and contusions on the brain. This is so vicious. It's vicious. And she also had two stab wounds in her neck. When she got to the hospital, she was completely unconscious and was quote without measurable blood pressure. Wow. Yeah. Surgeons did their best to revive her performing a tracheotomy.


They also did an external heart massage, which Ooh, wow. Never even actually heard of that. That's when they literally, like with their, they will literally get the heart to get it beating, try pumping with their, like physically pump the heart. I didn't even know that was an option. Yeah. Or like a thing. Surgeons are wild. And they also did what's called a trepidation in that was to relieve the pressure on her brain. 'cause I think she had, she had like bleeding brain drilled into the skull. Yeah, exactly. But their efforts were futile, unfortunately. And she was pronounced dead a few minutes before 1:00 PM That's awful. Which, when you think about the, she arrived on the doorstep around nine that morning, like so badly attacked. And she moved until 1:00 PM 1:00 PM Like she fought hard.


Oh, she must have been in agony though. Yeah. That's what kills me. You just hope that she wasn't, since she was unconscious, I hope she was in complete shock. Yeah. Ugh. So in 1963, violent home invasions were pretty rare in the US and especially in the middle of the day in a middle class neighborhood. Yeah. That this is not something that happened a lot. And when it did happen, the motive was typically robbery, but in this case, nothing had been stolen. And aside from the bedroom, it really didn't even seem like the killer had gone through the Thompson's belongings at all. It kind of seemed like whoever attacked Carol had gone to the house to do exactly that. And given the amount of violence done to her, the objective clearly seemed to be murder. Yeah. But the question that they had to ask was, who would've wanted Carol Thompson dead?


So, going back a little ways, Carol was born and raised in St. Paul, and she had spent her entire life there. Like she's lived her her entire life. She was really well liked. She was a mother of four. She was super, super active in her kids' lives. She was the den mother for her son's boy Scout troop. She was a leader of her daughter's Brownie troop. And when she wasn't coordinating the lives of four really, really active children, she was organizing events at their church. She was the president of the Woman's Association, a member of the church choir. And she even taught a kindergarten class. Oh my God. Just like Carol is a, ugh. The most wholesome woman ever. And like what a, what a badass. Oh yeah. Organizing four very active young children's lives.


Yeah. Ano that alone is the, that's a lot. It is hard to do. Yep. And then you add on like being the den mother, like being a part of the Boy Scout troupe, a leader of the Brownie troupe teaching a kindergarten class church, teaching a kindergarten class, being a member of the choir, a president of the Women's Association. Like she's literally everything. And she also, on top of all that, I think I mentioned it later, she was taking classes too. Yeah. At the same time. This, she's what a badass. Yeah. I can barely handle my shit. And I don't have half of that. I don't even have kids. And I don't know what I'm doing half the time. I'm like, that's, that's wild. That's a lot. Exactly. She was, she was liked by everybody and she had all of that going for her.


So the police are outta a loss. You're, who? Fuck is this? Who doesn't like Carol? Everybody does. And she's like a young mom. Yeah. You know, like who's, what's she getting into exactly. Like, you know what I mean? Like, she's not getting into like organized crime here or something. I assume Not at all. No. She's not so frustrated by the lack of evidence and the any leads at the scene. Investigators started questioning the family and the neighbors as a criminal defense lawyer. Detectives actually had to wonder if one of cotton's previous clients had been maybe disgruntled Oh, geez. And wanted to get back at him by targeting his wife. How awful. Yeah. But I mean, it happened. Yeah. So I can see why they started there and Cotton handed over a list of previous clients, but he also insisted that he couldn't think of a single one of them who had been dissatisfied with his legal services enough to act like that.


Yeah. You know, like, do something that, I mean, I feel like you would have an idea if somebody was that disgruntled. Definitely. 'cause you would think that there would be like steps leading up to that. You know what I mean? You would at least feel like, you know what, this guy was really angry and like I could, and he's dangerous. You know? And probably like, maybe like made like a verbal threat at the very least. Yeah. You know? So investigators also started digging into Carol's background. Of course. And in a lot of ways she was pretty, I don't wanna say ordinary, but like she led a, an ordinary life. Yeah. Like nothing stuck out to them. Yeah. According to friends, she was very much an extrovert, much known and much loved by everyone. They said, oh, Carol, other friends described her as somebody who was quote, interested in everything and constantly learning. I love people like that.


I know. She seems like I love people like that, that just want to keep doing stuff. Yeah. I, I feel like Carol seems like somebody we definitely would've gotten along with. Yeah. One friend told a reporter, she was always trying to gain more knowledge. And in fact, I, like I mentioned earlier, the reason that Cotton had planned to pick up the kids from school that afternoon was because Carol was taking night classes and she had plans to go to class that evening. Yeah. On top of everything else doing, we really do it all doing, she was going to a class. Yeah. Now, by most accounts too, co Carol and Cotton's marriage had been a good one. Huh? They always seemed happy together. People said they were, people said they were an anchor in the neighborhood. They were organizing parties all the time. Events all the time. Geez. Like things looked rarely good from the outside.


Carol met Cotton when she was a sophomore in college, and 10 months later she dropped out of school and they got married. And then a few months later, Carol got pregnant with their first child and she really started on her career as a wife and a mother. Yeah. Which was very of the time. This is the sixties for sure. And she approached that with the same enthusiasm that she did everything in life. She was super excited, like fully devoted to everything. Kids and husband. Carol seems like the type of woman who when she does something, she fucking does it. Yeah. She doesn't half-ass anything. No. Carol whole asked everything. And you can see that like even more than whole asked Yeah. If that's possible. Yeah. In the public, and even in the press too, she was described as the pinnacle of a 1960s housewife.


But in private conversations, I was waiting for a butt. There's always a butt. Because I was like, you can't tell me this is just the way It is. No, yeah. In private conversation. The interesting thing is, I'll tell you what happens, but it's not even that like on Carol's end, you're like, I don't know. Like, it really doesn't explain this necessarily. And private conversations with friends and neighbors, detectives were starting to develop a little bit of a different picture of Carol. It was true. She was a very devoted mother, but not everybody believed that she had abandoned her own dreams so willingly. And not everybody was convinced that Carol and Cotton's marriage was a good one. It was. I did wonder when you said like she dropped outta school. Yeah. And they got married and she still has this love of learning, obviously.


Yeah. And it's like obviously that Absolutely. If that was her choice and she was happy with that choice, then more power to her. Yeah. I just wondered. I had like a weird little, well, it seems sudden too. That's the thing. But obviously it was just rumors. But some of the women in the neighborhood speculated that, well, she might not have been having a full blown affair. Carol did have a friend that everybody referred to as Big Red. Whoa. Who seemed more interested and attentive of Carol than was considered appropriate at the time. Oh, nobody said they saw them do in anything like scandalous or anything. Just fact. He seemed to like Carol. He seemed to pay a lot of attention to her. Okay. Well that's not her fault. No. And she's beautiful. If you look up a picture. Yeah, it makes sense. So investigators soon learned that Big Red's real name was Kenneth Morin.


He was a local man in his early thirties. He met Cotton and Carol when he sold them some windows and doors about a year earlier. And he and Carol shared a lot of interests. So not long after meeting, Kenneth kind of became part of their social circle. According to him, he and Carol would visit museums together, go to galleries. Sometimes he would drive Carol in the kids' places when Cotton was unavailable. But he insisted they were just friends. There was nothing more to it. And he claimed he actually hadn't seen Carol since the previous November and didn't know anything about her murder. He also had an alibi for the day of the murder, which was confirmed by his boss. So he was quickly ruled out as a suspect. So I wonder like, because I don't know if it's gonna go any further than that, but I'm like, so they, it sounds like they were just like good friends.


Yeah. Like legitimately good friends. And maybe, maybe on his end he liked her, I think. I think they definitely like thought the other was attractive probably. Yeah. And like, I think it was also really tough to have a friend of the opposite time. I was say, it was just such a different time too, and especially in like a small town, in a close knit community for sure. I think they probably were just really good friends who like maybe found each other attractive, but it doesn't really sound Yeah. Like across the line at all. Okay. So even though they had ruled out Kenneth Warren as a suspect, his presence in Carol's life definitely contributed to an emerging portrait of probably an unhappy woman in an unhappy marriage. I, I can, to some degree. I, I can absolutely see that. Yes. Like, you know, and in fact, further interviews with friends and neighbors revealed that Carol's relationship with Kenneth was a source of frustration for her husband Cotton.


Ah. And one afternoon in November he got home and he found Carol and Kenneth just talking in the backyard and demanded he walked back out there and demanded that Kenneth leave and not come back like he was okay. I think he was starting to probably hear people talking And I'm sure, yeah. His pals were teasing him, that kind of thing. So he was like, stay the fuck away from my wife. And you're like, you know, I kind of get like, I can see. Yeah. I, you feel like, you feel there's varying degrees of appropriateness when it comes to a relationship like that. Yeah. When you're married especially. So it's like, I can understand that from an outside point of view. It can be like, oh, you know, they're just like, that's a nice friendship. And then I'm like, but you know what, if you're in the relationship, it's probably gonna look a little different. Well, and like, and this is just me, like to each their own, but if I knew that Drew had a close woman friend that he was like driving our kids around with, I'd be like, ah, I'm not super comfortable with that.


Yeah. I too would have a problem with that. So, you know what I mean? Yeah. So for her part, Carol told a friend, and this kind of explains what you were wondering earlier. Mm. She said quote, she did not dislike Kenneth and was attracted to him, but loved only her husband and children. Oh. So she was like, yeah, like I, he's handsome and like, I like being around him, but I only love my kids and my husband. Yeah. Aw. Just, she just sounds like the purest, like truly. Yeah, she really does. Now the other thing was the blowup in the backyard had resulted in Cotton becoming more attentive to her and the kids, which she appreciated out. She's like, you know, got a out a little fire on his butt. She's like, I miss Kenneth. Like, he was cool to hang out with, but this kind of worked out. Yeah. It is great. It was a testament to Carol's popularity too, that so many people were willing to cooperate with investigators and that they were offering whatever insight they had to her character, but their descriptions of her life and personality, even the gossip, really didn't do much to point them in the direction of a killer.


Yeah. If anything, the interviews just confirmed detectives earlier feeling that Carol Thompson was the last person anybody would've wanted to see dead. Yeah. Or murdered. Even worse. Like everyone on the outside of her life seemed to really like her. Yeah. Like she didn't really have a problem with anything. She wasn't beefing with anyone. Oh. So in the absence of new leads, investigators turned their attention back to Cotton. Of course, the husband who did look particularly suspicious after detectives discovered multiple life insurance policies. Oh, I knew those were coming. Life insurance policies in Carol's name from multiple different insurance companies. Oh, you gotta go. That's it. You gotta, I don't know how this ends. Yeah. So I'm not gonna sit here and I'm not gonna dog on somebody and say you can that it's definitely them.


You can. I can, you can. Okay. Yeah. Come on. I think it's pretty, come on. I think it's pretty, yeah. Different life insurances from different companies and this happens. Yeah. Yeah. Like what About a week after the murder? It came to light that there were two term life insurance policies in Carol's name three accidental death policies in her name. Oh no. And three group term life insurance policies covering each member of the family, all totaling more than a million dollars in coverage back then, which today would be $10 million. Holy shit. More than $10 million. Wow. Yeah.


So that would make my red flags go flappy flap with flappy. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. So there's eight insurance policies that's bonkers. Like that's insane. That goes crazy. That goes absolutely bonkers. The news of the policies obviously caused out quite a stir amongst those who knew the family as it should. Since that much coverage seemed pretty fucking excessive. Yeah. By any measure in his statement to the press, Ramsey County attorney William Randall told reporters, Thompson is the applicant for a beneficiary of the policies which are due to expire next month. Oh yeah. Are you telling me, I'm telling you this piece of fucking shit.


Yeah. You did something. So the discovery raised some new questions about Carol's death, and investigators obviously wanted to talk more with Cotton. But rather than address the matter with the police privately, Cotton Thompson released his own statement to the press via his friend Douglas Young Douglas. He didn't even go do it for himself. He had his friend do it. Don't involve Doug. Yeah. You don don't involve Douglas, come on in the statement, young laid out a detailed tally of the insurance policies in Carol's name and he included many, many lengthy specifics about the payouts and the purchase prices. Just like a very unusual amount of information that most people wouldn't understand or really give much of a shit about.


Yeah. It's a great way to confuse people. Exactly. Make them not want to think that you're the guy. It was strategic for sure. Now, as for why he purchased so much insurance, Cotton said, we had no debt bills or indebtedness to speak of, and we felt that we could readily afford up to a up to $200 a month on insurance as to each of us. It's like I, how do you have like 55,000 insurance policies though? That's the thing. Like I get like having a life insurance policy. Absolutely. But I don't understand having eight. Yeah. I don't understand that. Most are like, damn, like you got really good deals on this. Yeah. According to co. And they did have the children in mind when they purchased the insurance and they just, he said they hadn't intended to keep it beyond the children aging into adulthood.


Which like, okay. Yeah. That all sounds great. Yeah. Why do you have eight? You just don't need eight. That's the thing. Like, you're not answering my question. Yeah. Cotton the most is six. Why do you have eight? There's six family members. Yeah. Six policies. The end, And I'm pretty sure one policy can cover multiple people. Yeah. I don't know exactly. That could be wrong, but, well, it's like why I just, I don't know. Like that just, it seems excessive. It It absolutely does. So the explanation seemed kind of reasonable. Even if the number of policies and coverage were excessive, people were, people were willing to like look past it a little bit. I mean, it's not like totally out of the realm of like, you know, it's just a little like normality. But it's like that's, it's still excessive to me. It raises your eyebrows.


It does. But what investigators still found unusual was that Cotton also hadn't been forthcoming about the insurance policies. When they asked him immediately after Carol's death, like he didn't say anything about these. They found them. Which it's like, that's a little weird. That's real weird when they ask you and you're just like, ah, yeah, no. But at the same time you're like, but you also know it's gonna make you look that, you know, it sound bad. So, and remember he's an attorney. Yeah. So he knows that's gonna make them, but also it's like they're gonna find them. That's the thing. You know that. So just be up upfront and be like, listen, I know you're gonna find these things and you're gonna question me about 'em. Exactly. So lemme get ahead of it. I think he thought that he was smarter than, than everybody else. Yeah. He thought he could have, he could outrun this.


Yeah. And they also thought it was was weird that when the details of the policies came to light, he chose to send a prepared statement to the press instead of just talking to the detectives who were working on his wife's murder case. Yeah. That tells you a lot. You know, in fact, according to the St. Paul Police Department and the county attorney's office neither received a copy of the statement that had been given, had been given to the press, and they only learned about it when it hit papers on the morning of March 27th. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's shady behavior. So they didn't see any of that coming. And then there's this like lengthy ass statement. Yeah. So the original policies appeared to have actually been taken out by Carol, or at least somebody who signed Carol's names to the form. Interesting. But investigators decided to send the documents to the FBI for handwriting analysis to confirm that it actually was Carol's handwriting.


Wow. And in the meantime, they continued their investigation, but openly admitted that they had really made very little progress in the weeks following the murder police Chief Lester McCullough said, we have a great deal of circumstantial evidence, but the case isn't complete by any means. We need a break to crack the case. And little did they know that break was the cummin it was gonna find them. Oh no. So in their struggle to make any headway in the case, detectives revisited the scene and revisited the evidence that they found in the home. From the most part, the evidence collected from the house was pretty much what you would expect to find from a home, except for the pieces of plastic that were recovered in the pool of blood by the front door.


I love gift giving so much. It just like warms my heart to give somebody a really awesome gift that I know they're gonna love. It's great when you can get somebody a gift they wouldn't necessarily get for themselves. That little bit of luxury that they don't know they're missing for quality gifts at an affordable price. My go-to is Quince Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to everyday luxury at an affordable price. Something everyone needs in their closet, in my opinion, quince iss iconic Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50. I shop on Quince literally all the time. I have so many of those Mongolian cashmere sweaters, And I need so many more. I love them. And I am giving a bunch of them out as presents for this holiday season because everybody deserves that level of comfort and luxury gift luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to quince.com/ Morbid for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's QUIN ce.com/ Morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Morbid.


How many transactions do you make each month? I couldn't even take a guess. And I was shocked to learn that the average US consumer makes an average of 70 payments per month. Whoa. Keeping track of our spending these days can be overwhelming to say the least And less you have Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can actually even help you set up a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could, you know, maybe adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're too close to going over budget so you can save more and spend less. I love their budget tool because you know, sometimes I get that little alert that says, honey, you're about to go over. Oh my God. Slow down. And I say, alright, alright. Get it in Check Sister. And then I save more money. And I love saving money. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion across all the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


In the days that followed the murder investigators theorized that that plastic had come from the hand of a pistol, which the intruder obviously used to beat Carol that caused the pistol grip to break and fall on the floor. And that's where the plastic came from. Yeah. But the problem was they didn't have the gun that the pistol grip had come from, and they actually weren't even sure what kind of gun it was at all. Wow. So they didn't have a lot to go on. But despite the lack of information, they held a televised press conference where they showed those broken pieces of the pistol grip, and they asked for the public's help identifying the weapon. And within a week, the St. Paul Police got a call from a man named Wayne Brandt. He was a St. Paul salesman who claimed that the gun they were looking for was his 7.65 millimeter luer pistol, which had been stolen from his apartment on February 14th, just a few weeks before the murder.


Holy shit. He was certain that this gun was his, because he actually recognized the pistol grip as one he made for himself in a shop class. Stop it. Yeah. Several years earlier. According to him, the gun was one of several items stolen from his apartment along with a television, a diamond ring, and a typewriter. Poor guy. Wow. Steal all the shit. And now he's gotta call and be like, yeah, that gun piece found at that murder scene. That's my gun. But I promise you I wasn't there. Now he's gotta go through the whole rigmarole. I know. I can't imagine. And good for him for being like, yeah, that's mine. 'cause some people wouldn't. I know a lot of people would be like, I'm not getting wrapped up in that. Right. We love a good Samaritan. Yeah. So a few days later, and by chance a, a lot of things in this case just came together by chance, which I like to believe is my girl Carol up there?


Yeah. The universe. Universe is working for Yes. So police arrested a man named Willard Ingram during a holdup, like during a legit holdup. Ingram had a long criminal history, and he was actually willing to provide information about other crimes in exchange for leniency with the whole holdup case. Oh. And it just so happened that he had information to share about the pistol used in Carol Thompson's murder. Oh, shit. He admitted that he actually robbed Wayne Brandt's apartment and stolen the gun, but insisted he had nothing to do with the murder itself. And he had given the gun to his friend Norman Ian. Oh my goodness. The sisterhood of the traveling gun.


It's about to go crazy. You have no idea. Oh man, there are so many people involved in this. It blew my mind. So he steals the gun, but then he gives it to his friend Norman. Yes. So Norman Maan was a 40-year-old former prize fighter with mob ties. Oh. And he was mostly known to St. Paul Police for kind of like a series of petty crimes. That was until he became the prime suspect. And in a 1962 kidnapping and murder of a local bar owner, what the fuck? Yeah. Invest investigators actually hadn't been able to find enough evidence to convict him for the murder. And he was let go. But pretty much everybody agreed he was the killer. Holy shit. They didn't have enough. He just walking.


So on the morning of April 19th, a group of detectives knocked on his door with a warrant for his arrest, but he refused to let them in or come outside. He wasn't letting them in and he wasn't going out there. That's not shady at all. No. So after speaking with the county attorney, the detectives were actually given the authority to take him by force. Oh. So they kicked down his door and they put him under arrest without further incident. Luckily. Now, once they were at the station, he said he didn't know anything about Carol's murder. He refused to say anything more without a lawyer. Now, obviously this was frustrating, but by then investigators had already found a second witness. Shut up. A man named Henry Butler who was now in custody pending trial for a robbery.


Is everyone okay? No, the answer is no. Criminals are everywhere. Criminals. My goodness. In your hair, maybe criminally every, everybody stays criminal in this. Yeah. In this time of St. Paul. So Henry Butler claimed that he had seen Norman Master and in possession of the stolen pistol, but he said he also saw Norman give the gun to another man. Shut up. This gun is changing hands yet again. And this time it goes to Dick Anderson, yet another criminal who had left town a few days earlier. Well, and this seems shady too. So the connections that led from Willard Ingram to Norman Maan to Henley Butler, Henry Butler, excuse me.


Those all made sense. They all had very lengthy criminal histories. They were all known to associate with other criminals. Like it was like a criminal fucking enterprise. Yeah. They just stay criminally. Yeah. They stay criminally, like you said. But Dick Anderson, on the other hand, he made less sense. He was a twice wounded military vet who had fallen on really hard times, and he turned to petty burglary just to try to get by. But he seemed to be a far cry from the more hardened criminals that he was currently being associated with. Hmm. But once the warrant for Dick Anderson's arrest went out, St. Paul Police got a tip from a reporter that he was actually staying at the Tropics Motor Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona. So when Phoenix Police arrived at the hotel, at the motel, actually they found Anderson in the lobby, luggage in hand, ready to check out, presumably to avoid arrest.


Whoa. He had definitely been tipped off. Yeah. It turned out that the fucking reporter who gave the tip to police about him being in Phoenix in the first place, actually conducted a phone interview with Dick Anderson and let him know that the police were looking for him in relation to this murder and this whole slew of shady characters. What a dumb ass. Right. Like, are you serious? I'm like, what are you looking for here? And you're fucking up the investigation. Exactly. What are you doing? Like you're playing. Well, I both, he's I know. Looking for, he's looking for a byline. Exactly. So Anderson told the reporter that he was only in Phoenix for a few days for vacation, and that he didn't know anybody named Norman Maan. He didn't know anybody named Henley Butler or Willard Ingram.


Hmm. He repeated these denials to the Phoenix Police once he was arrested and said he would sign the extradition papers. But as the papers were being drawn up, he changed his mind and instead contacted a prominent Phoenix criminal attorney to rep him. Wow. Yeah. He then said, I have no knowledge of the crime back home. Only what I read in the newspapers. It's a big stink here. Okay. This murdered woman is a big stink. It is a big stink here. I would say so. Yeah. So while detectives in St. Paul waited on Anderson's extradition hearing, they started interviewing his friends, including the man who had actually been arrested with him in Phoenix, a man named Richard Sharp, another character, sharp, another guy like Anderson and the others Sharp was a known criminal.


Oh boy. He had actually fled to Arizona with Anderson to avoid prosecution for a recent burglary that he was involved in. Can all of these men stop stealing other people's shit. They literally cannot and will not. Yeah. Sticky fingers, mcg gang here. Literally. But like the others, he was willing to exchange information in order to get leniency on his own shit. So in a 23 page statement given to the police, whoa. Sharp told investigators that Dick Anderson was lying. He said, Dick Anderson actually was the one who murdered Carol Thompson. What the fuck? And that he needed Sharp to contact the quote unquote payoff man on his behalf. Shut up. He was waiting for his money.


According to the statement, Anderson told Sharp that Norman Maan had paid him $3,000 to kill Carol Thompson. What? Yeah. So it literally just all went full circle. Holy crap. Now, investigators actually did find that Norman Maan had paid Dick Anderson to kill Carol Thompson. But what they couldn't figure out was why some small time criminal with mob ties would want a St. Paul housewife dead. Like, well, how did that connect? Yeah. Like I, I would, when I said earlier, like, I'm pretty sure she doesn't have connections to organized crime. Like she doesn't Whoa. But it, but somehow they know about her, but it's like, how did it end up here? Right. So they're sitting there trying to figure out exactly what you just said, and they get another lucky ba a break when they arrest yet another motherfucking criminal.


Oh my God. Sheldon Morris, who was a local cab driver and friend of Norman MAs, who claimed he knew where Dick Anderson had disposed of the rest of the pistol, that they were still looking for shit, the stolen pistol under threat of prosecution as a co-conspirator in the murder. At this point, Sheldon Morris led detectives to a remote location in the woods where the gun had been tossed. Wow. And they found it shut up. Yes. So now with the murder weapon in their possession and the murder suspect on his way to St. Paul from Arizona, investigators were really close, were really, really close to closing the case on Carol Thompson's murder. They knew that Norman Mastery had received the murder weapon from Willard Ingram.


He's the one who stole it on the first place. So Willard Ingram breaks into the house of the man who had, you know, made this pistol. And then he gives it to Norman Maan, and then Norman Maan gives it to Dick Anderson. Okay. And he also, along with the gun, tells him he promises to pay him $3,000 to kill Carol. $3,000. $3,000 to take a human life. Yes. But can you imagine how excited the investigators felt after going through this whole thing and no idea and having idea, getting this fucking gun, this murder weapon in the middle of the woods? Yes. Like, can you imagine how I, it must be the most insane feeling to finally get there.


Just you have, like, they literally started with like, next to nothing. Exactly. And they asked the public for help. And this guy, like thankfully can comes forward Yeah. And is like, yes, that is my gun. But it was stolen. But to pull that thread, and then they tracked down like, what, how many, like four or five? Yeah. Different criminals in the lo and local criminals in the area. Exactly. That's what I mean. Like they pulled that thread Yeah. And kept pulling it. And to end up with the actual murder weapon Yes. After Yes. In the middle of the woods. It is wild and crazy how like all of these people were willing to turn on each other. Yeah. Because they all that it, they lucked out because they all had cases that they were facing that they wanted to get Yeah. That they wanted leniency on. Exactly. So it was just like Lucky Strike after Lucky strike.


Seriously. So they knew all of this now, but they were still missing the last piece of the puzzle that would, you know, wrap this entire story together. Make it make sense. Yeah. They needed to know who hired Norman Mastery in the first place. Mm. Because he didn't know Carol, why would he want her dead? That's a where is this coming from? So, just like they had done earlier, detectives went back to the basics of the case, and they looked for anything that would connect Norman Maan to the Thompson family. And that's when they found that list of previous knew it clients knew that Cotton had given them at the start of this whole investigation. And of course it included a familiar name, Norman Maan. So there's no disgruntled Nope. Former client? Nope. There's a client that you felt so comfortable with.


Yeah, precisely. Pre, fucking precisely. Oh yeah. So after Mastery was arrested that previous year on the suspicion of the kidnapping in the murder, he consulted with Cotton Thompson. Cotton Thompson, excuse me. About potentially suing the co the county for false arrest. Even though everybody was pretty convinced that he did. I was, I was just gonna say, like, what? He was so ballsy. Yeah. He was willing to sue the county. Luckily the suit never went forward, but it was the only connection they could find between the two of them. Wow. The last piece of the puzzle finally fell into place when St. Paul detectives were able to get Dick Anderson back in custody in Minnesota. 'cause remember he was in Phoenix. Yeah. But they, they sent him on over, they extradited him. No, it, for some reason, I have such trouble with the word extradited.


Extradited. I, I, like, I can say it in a conversation, but when I look at it, I can't say it how I'm supposed to. I have words like that too. Yeah. It's so weird. So they, they get him back. Initially, he stuck to his story. He denied knowing anything about the murder. He didn't know any of these people. Why are they even here? Who me? Where am I? Even what? I didn't steal the cookie from the cookie jar. What? No, not me. That's literally all I could think of the entire time I was going through this. I love that. He's just like, Nope, we're on the same page. But by late June, he finally broke down and confessed and told them everything they wanted to know. Oh. According to Dick Anderson, he had been hired by Norman Mastery to kill Carol. But it was Cotton Thompson who had arranged the entire hit. Oh, fuck you. Ka her husband.


According to Dick Anderson, he'd been given instructions to sneak into the house through the side door before dawn and wait in the basement until everybody had left the house. He had this motherfucker come into his house while his children were still in this house. His four children. He had a mobster with a fucking rap sheet. Yep. Sneak into his goddamn house while his kids were in there. Yeah. Nevermind what he did to Carol. Yeah, exactly. Dick Anderson doesn't have mob ties. It's Norman Mastery. Who has mob ties? Dick Anderson. Yeah. Dick Anderson is like the guy who they were like, this doesn't even make sense that he's connected to all these. He's 'cause he's like a petty thief. Exactly. And like, so he's a, he's the one that you wouldn't even, my goodness.


You wouldn't even expect him. That's the thing. And he's a brutal fucking monster. Who knew? Exactly. There's so many people involved in this that it's so hard to keep holy, keep track of everybody holy. But he really is the last person that they Yeah, he's one that they were like, why is this guy connected to all of 'em? He is literally like a military vet. Like not tied up in the mob. Not tied up in, but like had like petty, petty shit. Exactly. So yeah, he has this guy just fucking sit in his basement while his kids are getting ready to go off to school. And his wife is, you know, this guy, he doesn't know preparing idea what he's capable of. Yeah. Yep. Wow. It's so messed up. So the plan was that Cotton would make a phone call to the house once he got to work, which would be Dick Anderson's signal to act. 'cause he would hear the phone ring, and then he would know that everybody except Carol was out of the house.


So that morning Cotton filled the bathtub with six or seven inches of water. And the plan was for Dick Anderson to strike Carol on the back of a, he on the back of the head with a heavy piece of rubber hose, which they hoped would knock her unconscious. And when she'd been disabled, Anderson was to place her body in the bathtub making it seem like Carol had hit her head getting into the tub and drowned. Oh. So he really put some thought into this. Oh, he did. Because the accidental death would've triggered the double indemnity clause in several of the insurance policies, thus paying out the higher amount. Oh. So he was hoping this would look like a total accident. Yeah. It's God awful. What happened to Carol? Oh, but it's also like, yeah. That's why you don't hire somebody.


Yeah. To murder your fucking wife, dude. Yeah. 'cause it's not gonna work out for you. Nope. But unfortunately, like we just said, things did not go to plan. So after Cotton placed the call to the house, Anderson started going up the stairs from the basement. But they, the stairs were creaking as he walked. So he was nervous that the noise was gonna give him away. So he waited a minute or two, and during that time, Carol went back upstairs to lay down in bed, which sounds like something she probably never did. Yeah. Because she was so busy all the time. But she just goes back to her own bedroom and Anderson appears in the doorway of her room. Oh God. So she panicked, assuming that it was a robbery, and she jumped out of bed, which he then immediately hit her on the back of the head with the host, but it didn't disable her like they hoped it would.


Instead, Carol fought back hard and she was actually able to knock him to the floor, and she made a break for the stairs. Oh, I wish she got out and she stopped quickly to grab her robe so that she wouldn't run outta the house in diesel. Oh, no. Yeah, Anderson caught up with her in the hallway, but she was able to escape him again. And she ran for the front door. But when she reached the front door, she found that it had been locked with a chain lock. Holy shit. When you hear how, why this was locked, it's gonna break your heart. So as she fumbled to get the chain off the door, Dick Anderson obviously caught up with her and pointed the gun at Carol now still thinking that she was being robbed. She took her f her diamond ring off her finger, her wedding ring, and offered it to him.


But he responded by pulling the trigger of the gun to both of their surprise, the gun jammed, sending him into a panic. And that's when he started beating her with the gun so aggressively that the pistol grip broke and fell to the floor. Holy shit. It was also at this point that those three rounds from the clip got came loose and dropped to the floor. So that's why they found those unspent clips. Damn. Now, when the beating didn't appear to have killed Carol, he went to the kitchen and grabbed a pairing knife from the door, which he used to stab Carol until the handle broke. Now finally convinced that she was dead. He went upstairs to the bathroom where he tried to wash the blood off his hands and arms, and he went to the bedroom to stage the scene to look like a robbery.


And while he was staging, staging the scene, he heard a noise downstairs and ran to look by the door. And that's when he saw that Carol was gone. So she most likely actually played dead to make it seem like so she could escape out the front door. Exactly. Holy shit. She fought him as hard as she did, and then had the whereabouts to pretend she was dead so she could get away. That is horrifying. So panicked. When he saw that she was gone, he stopped what he was doing and he fled the house from the kitchen door and got the fuck outta there. Wow.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you OMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at and t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Now this is gut wrenching. Years later, Jeff Thompson Cotton and Carol's son would recall that on the morning of his mother's murder, his father instructed him to put the chain on the front door before they left for school. What a piece of actual fucking shit. He had his son. It You got, you put that on your kid. Yep. Like, fuck this guy into oblivion, into a bullet. Fuck this guy. And Jeff even said he thought it was strange because they never chained the door. And he said, if, if it hadn't been locked, obviously his mother would've been able to escape her attacker. He said, I had never done that before. I haven't forgiven my father. And you never should never fuck that guy. Never.


Like, why can't you just, I don't want you to do any of this, but you put that on your fucking son. You can't even just go do it. Course like you're making him a part of this. He had a man, a criminal who he has no idea what he's capable of hiding his house while his kids are walking around upstairs. Yeah, he has, he has zero moral compass to involve. Imagine can your kids like that is so, so messed up a piece of garbage. So on June 21st, 1963, you will all be very happy to hear detectives arrested Cotton Thompson in connection with the murder. Yeah. Fuck. Labeling him as the payoff man in the conspiracy. 'cause remember, they were looking for the payoff man. When he appeared before the judge for his arraignment, Cotton quote looked haggard, had tears in his eyes and his voice cracked as he answered the judge's questions.


Oh, fuck you. In your tears. Yeah. Get fucked. The news of cotton's arrest, obviously shocked the friends and neighbors of the Thompson family. One neighbor said there was no conflict between the Thompsons recognizable or known to their closest friends. And others were called how quote, he and Carol never missed a Sunday taking the kids to church and how Cotton was active with Jeff Scout troop. All of it, like everybody was shocked. Even the most obvious motive, the large insurance payout even didn't really make that much sense to everybody. Because remember, he's a successful lawyer. He's making like $40,000 a year back then, which today is more than like $400,000. Yeah. A year. But come on. Yeah. He's like essentially making a doctor salary.


Yeah. So it wasn't like he was in desperate need of money, but in reality, the motive for Carol's murder had pretty much been staring them in the face since the beginning of the investigation. There were so many claims that they were this ideal couple, but it seemed like the neighborhood gossip had been right all along. Cotton and Carol's marriage was on the rocks for a long time. Author William Swanson said there were all kinds of things that wouldn't jive with cotton's idea of a wife and mother in 1963 before they were married, Carol had obviously big dreams and she envisioned a very exciting life for herself. She wanted to go after all her interests. Yeah. All her passions, but her marriage and obviously the quick arrival of children pretty much sidelined all of her goals.


Yeah. And required that she turn her attention to supporting her husband's ambitions. Yeah. Ew. But regardless, it's the perfect time for that time. That too in 1963 especially. Exactly. Exactly. But regardless of how she felt about having to prioritize her responsibilities as a wife and mother, like I said in the beginning, she approached all her new responsibilities with like, like open arms. Yeah. She was happy to do everything she had to do. And by all accounts, she was a great wife, she was a great mother. Yeah. But the longer they were married, people said the more unhappy Carol had become. Oh. That author Swanson said Cotton was a tough self, self-absorbed character. And soon it became clear that he was intent on doing whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted to.


He was having affairs with other women and he was just completely indifferent to Carol's wants Carol's needs. Wow. So he's just like a literal, slimy piece of fucking dung. Yeah. In the bottom of an elephant's foot. Yeah. I would say like, he's even lower than that. Yeah. Honestly, later their son, Jeff would say, I know my mother knew about my dad's affairs. Oh. She was saddened by a lot of his behavior. So it would not surprise me if she was to reach out to another person. Oh, that which honestly breaks my heart is probably why she was so close with Kenneth Morin. Yeah. Like, I'm sure they like, she just wanted somebody to be there for her. She knew someone And it's, it doesn't even really sound like they were having any kind of like affair.


Yeah. It's like someone that pays attention and is kind to her. Yeah. And like, and the o of course, that other person was Kenneth Moore. They had shared interest together. Yeah. They gave a shit about each other. And you know, nobody really knows if there was an affair or not, but it seemed pretty obvious to everybody that there was some kind of connection to Yeah. To each other. And that wasn't until Cotton put an end to that relationship, which makes me even angrier that that motherfucker was out there doing everything he wanted and he was being that possessive. Yeah. And here I was being like, oh yeah. You know, like I guess when you're in the relationship, but he was doing, you didn't know the fuck he wanted out there in those streets. Yeah. Whoever and whatever asshole. Exactly. And she just as a male friend and you're, ugh fuck.


Literally just a friend. Fuck you. Cotton. But the final straw, at least as far as Cotton was concerned, came just one day before Carol was murdered. Apparently that afternoon, seemingly out of nowhere, Carol turned to her daughter Margaret and asked what she would do if she went away for a while. Like, what would you do if mom went away for a while? And Jeff Thompson remembered this happening and he said Margaret was very surprised and concerned and the thought was that she was planning on leaving my father looking back on it. I hope she was. Oh. However, she would've been foolish to tell him, oh, Jeff. And that's like his song. I'll give Jeff a hug. I know, I do too. Now nobody knows if Margaret said anything to her father about her mother planning to leave or if he just came to that conclusion on his own.


But either way, it seems that Cotton Thompson knew or strongly suspected that Carol was most likely planning on leaving him. Yeah. And I mean, those policies were set to expire the following month. Exactly. So he was, it's either act now or don't act. Exactly. So he quickly made, made sure, made plans that she would never get out of this marriage. Fuck that guy. Which is, it's like, you don't wanna be married either. Yeah. You're, you're going here, there and everywhere with everyone. Well, and he wants all this fucking money. It's like, you're making that money. That's the thing. I'm like, what do you do it at a certain point? What are you doing with it? Exactly. Why do you need more? Like you just don't certain point, not point like you're struggling. Like, it's not like one of these situations where it's like the family is struggling financially and they're like last, you know, and it's obviously it's never okay.


But in those situations, there's a desperation factor that like plays I, I wasn't here. That's not even here. He just wanted more. Yeah. I'm like, you have four kids, like holy shit. They all are doing what they want to do as far as activities. It sounds like you guys are throwing parties, you're throwing events like, yeah, what do you need more for? No, why fuck that guy. But after several delays in a change of venue, Cotton Thompson finally went on trial for the murder of, of his wife on October 27th, 1963. He pleaded innocent. And in his opening statements, prosecutor William Randall laid out the state's theory about Thompson's motive for the murder. He said the motive was not only to enable Mr. Thompson to collect the more than $1 million in life insurance he had, he had recently taken out on his wife's life, but also to free him up to see other women.


So just leave, leave, leave. Just leave, leave. But he wouldn't have got his money. They'd be better off without you anyways. Wouldn't have got his money so he wouldn't have been happy. You got plenty of money. A piece of shit. Seriously. But Randall pointed to Cotton's long history of infidelity and one particular incident a year earlier where he apparently told his mistress, just give me 11 months implying that after that timeframe he would be able to marry her girl. 11. Just gimme 11 months. I like, why the fuck are you being so specific? Yeah. It's like, girl, come on. Like first of all, stop fucking a marry guy. And second of all, exactly when he's saying, when he's giving you a timeframe, you gotta wonder, you gotta wonder what that timeframe implies. Sure do. You sure do. Testifying for the prosecution, one of the several insurance agents told the jury about the quote, sense of urgency caught and conveyed to them when he was buying up all of these policies 11 months before Carol's death.


Come on. Cotton told one agent that he had a quote unquote premonition in which Carol would meet with a tragic accident. And no one thought to tell anyone, no guys, we gotta use the stuff between your ears here, you gray matter. As papa would say, what are you doing? Yeah. He said that was why he was in such a, such a hurry to get all these policies. So some guy, some high powered defense attorney has a premonition who's like fucking everything that with two legs Yep. Is out here telling you that he's gotta get a 85 insurance, life insurance policies. Eight, you're not far off. Eight on his wife, his young wife and family. Healthy wife, his family too.


And he's gotta do it. Quick, quick, quick, quick. And you know why he had a vision. You know, it's so weird. I just have this weird vision that she's gonna meet with a tragic accident and die. Hmm. And none of you sat there and said, you know what? We might wanna call someone and maybe put some tabs on that guy because I feel like that's shady behavior. No. Yep. They were just like, sure, sign it here, I'll get my check. Okay, cool. It's all money. Everyone's just like, whatever. I got paid. Yep. Money talks. Damn. No, this is what the defense went with. The defense explained that Cotton was just an eccentric when it came to insurance. No, no. That's not, he's just eccentric's not, Nope. That's not one of those things. He's just kooky. He just, you know, he just fucking loves insurance. Loves insurance. Yeah. You guys know Jake from State Farm Cotton's kind of like that.


You know, Cotton insurance is my kink kind of guy. You know, it's thing that's not okay. Nobody's eccentric when it comes to life insurance policies. An eccentric for life insurance. Like what? Hello? Are we really just giving them the so we're really just like not taking all the responsibility off it. Ridiculous. Yeah. So pointing to the excessive coverage he'd purchased for his home and car, they continued to say he was an eccentric, he wasn't, but those amounts were also double the average coverage at the time. So he really did put like excess, he's a coverage on everything he wiley he is eccentric when it comes to home insurance. Yeah. And life insurance. But if the urgency and amount of coverage Cotton had purchased on his wife's life weren't compelling enough, the testimony of the state's chief witness, Dick Anderson definitely gave insight to cotton's cruelty.


Oh boy. On the stand. Anderson recalled the attack on Carol and he said she managed to get out of the tub. So I knew I had trouble, I was instructed either way. So I went to pull the gun. So he, Cotton told Dick, no matter what happens, you pull that trigger and you kill her. Wow. He's so fucking, I don't care what happens. Cold. Yeah. He then explained, Dick explained to the jury in no uncertain times that he had been hired by Norman Maan, who was hired by Cotton also, according to Anderson, there was supposed to be a second murder. Anderson quoted Norman as telling him the Broad's father will be next in six or seven months.


Apparently what the fuck they were going to, they were gonna kill Carol's dad as well. Apparently this was Cotton's plan to gain an even greater access to Carol's family fortune, which she would've inherited upon her father's death. I am So if she's dead and her father dies Cotton and kids get everything. So this guy is a literal fucking monster. Yeah. Yeah. Like no amount of money would ever satiate that man. That's like, what is wrong with you? I, I don't know. Like, what is wrong with That's more money than you'll ever be. Like, what is wrong with you? And I just, I never understand valuing that much money over human life. Like that's the thing. And especially, And I, we always say this, I feel like when it comes to a spouse murdering a another spouse, but it's like you take vows, you walk down the aisle with that person.


Yeah. In this case you procreate multiple, multiple times with this person and you don't feel anything. That's the thing. I'm like, You don't feel anything connection to them. Drew And I get in a little tiff and I'm like, I'm the worst horrible woman in the world. Literally the world. And I feel so bad. Like, what? You don't feel anything. That's what I don't get. Like I'm like, I, I could never, I can't imagine causing harm to John. No. Or having someone else cause harm to John for money, anything emotionally, physically, anything. Anything. But for money. Like I And it ah, like I just can't, I can't even picture, I can't even picture that thinking that money is going to like, like that you're gonna hold that money and feel good.


Like, what is wrong with you? I think he would, you have to be dead inside I think. Absolutely. You have to be dead inside. This guy has to be dead inside. 100%. Wow. And also like to kill your wife. One is absolutely just like unthinkable then to kill her grieving father six or seven months later. Yeah. You're, first of all, you're gonna make him wait six or seven months. Yeah. And then secondly, you're also killing her fa like what? So her poor mother has just lost her daughter and her husband. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. So Cotton Thompson did testify on his own behalf, essentially telling the court that he had nothing to do with his wife's murder and that the extent of his relationship with Norman master and was just an advisor one year earlier.


But he didn't really say much else to convince the jury that he had no connection to the murder. Instead, the defense, the defense just argued that the jury couldn't trust a chain of circumstantial evidence and the testimony of criminals who had all turned on each other in exchange for lighter sentences. But on December 7th, 1963, the jury deliberated for more than 26 hours before emerging to announce that they found t Eugene Cotton Thompson guilty. Yes. Of the first degree murder of his wife Carol Thompson. Bye bitch. And when asked about how they arrived at the verdict, one juror said there was no one primary reason for our verdict. We thought, we thought of the case as a whole. And after waiving his right to a delay in sentencing, judge Rolfe Rolfe Fen immediately sentenced Cotton to life in prison, which at the time was good.


The required sentence in cases of premeditated murder in Minnesota, rot bitch rot. And in the months that followed, Norman Maan and Dick Anderson were both tried and both were found guilty of first degree murder by meaning they both also got life sentences. Yeah. As you should. Now Cotton appealed his conviction. Of course, shut up. He appealed to the state Supreme Court in 1966, arguing for a new trial on the grounds that he had been convicted on false testimony provided by several of his criminal co-conspirators. But the Supreme Court upheld the lower court's decision and denied the motion for a new trial. He did end up being paroled in 1983. What? And tried to reconnect with his family, but he was never very successful.


Jeff Thompson later said, it's very hard for a child to have a parent in prison. But once he got out, we never had much of a relationship. I think based on my experience with Minnesota's criminal justice system, that the jury did the right thing. Wow. Jeff is like a very, he's a, a really good person. Seems he's elevated higher Yeah. Than, than you know, most people like that is. That's Carol's son. I was gonna say that is Carol's son. That's Carol's son. That's not Cotton son. I mean It is Cotton son. I I saying that, but you know what I'm saying. That's Carol. Yes. Now, just for kicks on August 7th, 2015 on his 88th birthday, Cotton Thompson died in his sleep after struggling with failing health for several years.


And if that's not the universe saying ha ha ha ha ha. Especially on his birthday, on his, because I was like, I do hate that he got to die peacefully in his sleep because, And I hate that he lived 88 years. Like that's a long ass life. He got to like at least be out. Yeah. That pisses me off. But like he got a lot of time on the other side rest in fucking distress. And the universe is always gonna get you, she's always gonna, you're gonna take a little bitch on your birthday, she's gonna come back, give some fuck shit. Okay. Wow. I told you it's, It is one of those cases that just starts and doesn't stop. Stop. It doesn't stop. Like not one. And poor Carol. I know. And her kids. And that's the thing, like her kids just went to school that day. Yeah. And had no idea. And Jeff, poor Jeff, his dad told him Lock that door.


Yeah. And then he spent the rest of his later life thinking, what if I hadn't locked that door? Like why did my dad make me lock? Like I can't imagine the psychological damage that would do to you. That's the thing. Like you'd be constantly thinking like, why didn't I just ignore that? But it's like, but it's like why would you ignore that? Why would you ever that ignore? And it not, especially in 19, 19 63, you're not disobeying your father when he tells you to do something. So definitely not like I, that was just, You did what you were told Yeah. By a parent who is supposed to be a safe place and that you are supposed to feel comfortable doing what you're told to. And why would you question that? You know? Course not. You know that he said like they never locked that door. So he did kind of question it, but, but he's not gonna out loud question it. And he's not gonna sit there and think, okay, he's having me lock that because he is gonna have my mom killed.


And he doesn't want her to escape. There was no, well that's not gonna be in your head. You can never come up with that. That's your worst nightmare. That's an awful, awful case. It's such a sad case too because you, in the beginning, like when I started reading about this case, I was like, oh, like she's gonna live, she's gonna pull through. That's thought through. That's what I thought. Thought. And it's just so sad. That's awful. But she was a fighter. She fought hard to think that she literally dragged herself or crawled a block away. Yeah. After sustaining what she sustained. Yeah. Running around that house multiple times. Getting out of the bathtub. Yeah. Like, oh my god. No, she's unbelievable. Truly. Damn. What a tragic case. It really is. But as always, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird.


But it's way that you go and take out eight life insurance policies on your wife. Because somebody these days is gonna say, Hey, that's weird. And you're not just eccentric and I'm gonna call somebody. Yep. And if you work at a life insurance company, call somebody, call somebody, say, Hey, this guy just took out eight life insurance policies on his wife and that's kind of weird. And he needs him within 11 months. 'cause he had a premonition that she's gonna die unexpectedly in a tragic accident. Yeah. And obviously I know they're not all from the same life insurance company, but still it's fucking weird. Okay, bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


A few miles from the glass spires of Midtown Atlanta lies the South River Forest. In 2021 and 2022, the woods became a home to activists from all over the country who gathered to stop the nearby construction of a massive new police training facility. Nicknamed Cop City At approximately nine o'clock this morning as law enforcement was moving through various sectors of the property, an individual without warning shot a Georgia State Patrol Trooper. This is, we came to the forest, a story about resistance. The Abolitionist mission isn't done until every prison is empty and shut down. Love and fellowship. It Was probably the happiest I've ever been in My life. And the lengths will go to protect the things we hold closest to our hearts follow. We came to the forest on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of. We came to the forest early in ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.