
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, weirdos, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am. It's called Cava and it is Hands down the best thing that I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me, you know, vanilla and chai. I like to do half, half, boom, vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I know that I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body. First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended in and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love Cava.


If you're a cat parent, you know that with all the snuggles and playtime comes the responsibilities of everyday Care for your pet. And we can all relate to 5:00 AM Wake Up calls for breakfast, making sure they get fresh meals if you're running late or away for the weekend. And on top of all of that, how do you even know if they're drinking enough water? Well, that's why Pet Libro designs tech products for pets and their people from automatic smart feeders. With insights to ultra filtered automatic fountains, pet Libros Award-winning products are made to magnify the bond between your pet and you. And they've even figured out how to create an app powered automatic wet food feeder, a game changer. I am obsessed with the Pet Libro stuff. We have the fountains, and they were nice enough to send us three automatic feeders for all of my babe base. The design is super seamless. It fits into any home decor, and the advanced tech and features are just features that you're not gonna find in regular pet products. My cats love them and they're afraid of everything. So I actually thought they were gonna be afraid of these, but they weren't. Morbid listeners, get $15 off your order of $75 or more@petlibro.com with Code Morbid. This offer applies to all their pet tech products, excluding accessories. Pet libro.com code Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And I'm eisa. And this is a special edition of Morbid. So special. This is so cool. We have Elisa Kelly on the show today, bestselling author, professional astrologer, and host of Paves new show, Horoscope Weekly with Elisa Kelly, welcome. Thank you so much. I'm so excited to be here. A fellow weirdo. Yes. I Love that. A lifelong weirdo weirdos Unite. The vibes are right. Yes.


We knew immediately. We were like, oh, it's true. Weirdos unite. Yeah. I Mean I could sniff out a weirdo from miles away. Oh yeah. Well this is perfect home, sweet home for me. I love it. Yes. Game. C Game. So we're gonna be getting into Alina's, Roman, Empire, The, Salem, Witch, Trials. Again, I know you all said that before Ash did. They were like, oh, we're talking about Salem. They were like, Really? They're Jack the Ripper or Salem. Yes. This is one of those two Things. One of the two. But we're putting a fun spin on it this time. Yeah. And we're gonna talk about like the astrological events that were going on. And just to start us off, Elisa, how did you get into astrology? Was it something you've always been interested in? Was it something that just like knocked on your door?


Well, I mean it's sort of a combination. I mean as, as I mentioned, lifelong weirdo here, you know? So I don't think that anyone was surprised when I started to gravitate more towards astrology. But at the same time, I was really quite surprised by it. I, I was in my early twenties. I was living in Los Angeles. I was at that time working. I had graduated with a degree in art history. I was working in galleries. And I was finding myself increasingly dissatisfied with my life and just feeling that I mean what we all go through in our early twenties. What many of us do. The sense of like confusion. Who am I? What am I doing? And. I started to try to solve that puzzle.


And I found my birth chart. I found out that not only was I a Leo's son, which I related to a little bit, but not fully, but discovering I was a Pisces moon. Really? Sea. Oh my God. Yeah. Yes. Look at that. It's a big breakthrough when it's, you get that placement. Yeah. Yeah. And it unlocked so much for me. And then from there I just, you know, I kept researching, I kept studying and then I started to realize that, you know, this language was something that wasn't just applicable to me, but other people were also interested in my interpretations of what was going on with their charts. So gradually it just started to build.


And there was a whole host, this was 10 years ago now, so this, there was a whole host of things that happened. I started an astrology dating app in 10 years ago. That's so cool. With a friend from college. We were sort of ahead of the curve on that. Yeah, that's Such a cool idea. It was amazing. I mean, it was also right when Tinder and Hinge and all of this were coming out this so smart. So it was sort of recognizing like, here's an interesting space where people want to be making these connections, but it, right now, it's so superficial. So just sort starting to realize and starting to sort of create this more modern vocabulary around astrology has always been something that was really significant and meaningful to me.


Especially because when I started, it was still very much reserved for like kooky ants and St. Fe know. Like it was like you were wearing like big turquoise jewelry and like going through beads to talk about astrology And. I wanted to find a way to make it relevant because I saw how valuable it was and how instrumental it was for helping people connect the dots and figure out who they were holistically. And that's what I've really been doing in, in various ways, in various formats ever since. I am really so passionate about it because I really think it is a beautiful way of building confidence, empowerment, compassion, understanding who you are, understanding what the people in your life are about.


And of course we can use it for cool things. Like looking back into the past, like what we're gonna do today, right? And seeing what was going on, what were the trends. And that is really valuable. Know. Absolutely. It's a valuable to see patterns and to recognize where things keep coming up, where those pain points are so that we can ideally learn from them and not do Salem witch trials all over again. That's right. That's the thing. 'cause I feel like everybody knows their sun sign and like knows a little bit about astrology, but when you really start to look into it, it can tell you all these different things. And like looking into the stars over Salem, I feel like it's gonna be so interesting. Yeah. Yes. And what you said about like being more like, like knowing more about yourself when you start learning more about your zodiac and like what's your chart?


What's going on? That's what 'cause Ash like started getting into it and telling me more about things about me. And it helped me understand you better And it helped me understand myself better. Yeah. And it's like, and then helped me understand, you know, like my relationship with you. Yes. Like a Gemini. Why certain things like work and why certain things are like iffy and why certain, you know, why we do this. And it's, I, I don't think people look into it far enough that way. And it's like, it's really helpful when you, it can make you sit there and go like, oh, that's why I am that way. Like that checks. Yeah. It like validates definitely I mean, something that I've always said is that to me, you know, the question of whether astrology is or isn't real is less significant than recognizing that when we have astrological conversations we have better conversations.


Yeah, yeah. Exactly. We have richer conversations. We open up, we're vulnerable. We really are. Like allowing ourselves to be multidimensional. Yeah. Which is And Explore yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But it's often, you know, we, whether or not we are even intending to, we sort of stick to our own stereotypes, you know? Yeah. We, we believe that we are a certain way and thus we show up as that way. Yep. And with astrology, we are reminded of the fact that no, how you present yourself might not be how you feel and how you communicate might not be what motivates you. Yeah. And that each one of these pieces of you has its own merits and has its own strengths. And also of course its own weaknesses of course. So that we can see holistically how we sort of move through the world.


Yeah, absolutely. I think the more into you into it you get, the harder it is to deny that it's real. And I. Think having this conversation today is gonna prove that big time. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I will never argue with the efficacy of astrology. I've seen it, it changed my life in, or you know, working with it and understanding how these planets move and seeing their patterns is, is really wild. It's, it was wild to be an astrologer in 2020. Oh yeah. And it was wild to be an astrologer in 2018 and 2019 looking at the astrology of 2020. Oh that must Have Been a trip. And being like, something big is coming. Oh god. Right. And just not knowing what it worked. Scary. Yeah. And, I have, you know, all of my receipts from back then in sort of being like, you know, let's keep focused on 2020 'cause something is really interesting gonna have in here.


Wow. Not of course knowing what it was. Yeah. Because that was not within my sort of purview. Yeah. To understand. But then at that time to see, okay, when Jupiter and Saturn connect, these types of things happen, as has been reported over history when Saturn and Pluto connect, these types of things happen and it all really lined up. So yeah, I really, you know, it's been for this duration of time, for a decade of doing astrology, I can say that it is there, there is really something to it, you know, it really does check out and it definitely checks out in these charts too. It's gonna be so interesting to hear some of these things. I'm so excited.


I feel like, I feel like it's gonna be like ding ding. Like all of a sudden it's just gonna be like, oh, okay. So that was happening. 'cause it's a mass hysteria event, right. That you're, no one's been able to explain I mean, people go into like the ergot poisoning theory where it's like, you know, there was a fungus on the wheat that they were making the bread with and everybody, maybe there's something to it. Lose it. And it's like, but maybe there's more to this. Like that mass hysteria just seemed too much for like, you know, a fungus to be the reason, or for just people having groupthink to be the reason. Right. It's like maybe there is something that was going on that kind of set everybody off. Yeah. And I. Guess. You know what I, how I wanna sort of preface all of this is that when we talk about astrology, we have to remind ourselves that we can't, and we're not talking about it on a binary of good or bad.


Astrology is much more complex than just there being a positive and negative, right? Yeah. Like there's lots of manifestations of how these different planets in their different zodiac signs can come to fruition. So just because if, you know, if we find ourselves talking about Gemini, which we're going to, no, It does. That doesn't mean Geminis are better. Our Gemini listeners are all Salem witch trial. You guys are fine accusers, you know? Yeah, exactly. It doesn't mean that they are the ones who are, they're the problem. Right? Yeah. It's not us, us guys. They're not the problem. It's, it's interesting because we're definitely gonna talk about a lot of things that are sort of oddly parallel to where we are today.


And it doesn't mean that we are currently living in the same conditions as these puritans we're Living in. Yeah. In a colonial America, you know? Yeah. Obviously life is very different and things are very different. But what's cool about astrology is that we can start to see, well, if we take this path instead of another path, this is how these energies could play out. Right? The, and in the case of these trials and in all of these individuals who were involved in it, they were definitely doing sort of like the less ideal version of their signs. Yes, Definitely. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that they had to No.


You know, There was so many outside factors that Just how it played out here in this context, I mean. So that's sort of like my disclaimer that's Go into this I mean. I also, I will say no Capricorn to be found among this whole Thing, but, but that doesn't even mean anything. I just, I'm just saying. Just saying. I'm sure you have your own, you're like the Crusades or something. I was gonna say, I'm sure we have some, we'll Find the Capricorn era. We'll find one Elisa's return to Morbid will be the Capricorn era. Yep. Like I found One, this is what you did. Exactly. Can you explain exactly what a birth chart is? Sure. Just in case people don't know what, because we're gonna be talking about a lot of dates, a lot of birthdays. Just so people understand like what this is all encompassing.


So a birth chart is a snapshot of the sky at the exact moment of a birth or an event. That's so cool. So when we look at a birth chart, we can see where all of the planets were in at that moment. And each planet in astrology has a role. It has something that it's doing, it's signifying something. And then the way in which it does that thing that it does is in the zodiac sign that it occupies. So if we have the planet Uranus, which is the planet of revolution and innovation, it's going to express itself differently in Taurus, which is an earth sign, it's about sort of groundedness and practicality versus in Gemini, which is an air sign that has to do with curiosities and innovation and, and new sort of connections and new ways of thinking.


So when we look at all of these different planets, we're going to get a sense of what was the atmosphere, what was going on in the backdrop of this time. And especially as we look to see sort of these events unfolding, what's cool and what I observed as I was pulling them is that there's sort of this crescendo that happens throughout this year. And again, you know, there were many points where it didn't have to go as far as it went. Yep. Right. And to me that's also really compelling. Yeah. Because there were so many points where it was like, you could, you have this big thing coming up and we're gonna talk about what that big thing was in the year 1692. And we sort of applied this storyline to that big thing and that's how it manifested and unfolded in this case.


That's so, I'm so excited to get into this. I am too. I think this is just such an interesting way to look at this. Definitely. So I think what we'll start with is, we're gonna start with where it all kicked off. So The Salem, Witch Trials began in January, 1692. They didn't end until May, 1693. We'll go through a few dates in between there. But I think what we'll start with is, can we start with when they all began in January? Yeah. And, I love this chart. Because I think that this chart really sort of is establishes what was happening, right? And this chart to me, this, we have this January 15th, 1692 date and this sort of kicks off the story, right?


So this is really the birth chart of the Salem with which Trials to me. Yeah, that's a good way of looking at it. It is, yeah. And there's some really interesting things. So, well it was Capricorn season. Oh No. Oh, we found that. We found it right. Right off the bat. Right off the first thing that actually, that was the universe being like, sit down. Gotcha. Max Elena sit down. Did start during Capricorn season. Damn. So, but when we look at something as significant as this, we're not going to pay as much attention to the personal planets is what they're called. Which are the sun, the moon, mercury, Venus.


We'll pay a little attention to Mars because it's kind of between those. But those planets that I just mentioned before, they're important, but they aren't as much of the generational backdrop as the slower moving planets. So Mars is sort of a, a between, but definitely Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto. We're really curious about what's going on with those, because those are defining what that zeitgeist is. Yeah. Okay. That's what the era is. So some interesting things going on at this time. We had Jupiter and Taurus. I'll go through it first. So sort of run down the list. So we actually, when it starts on January 15th, 1692, we have Mars retrograde in Gemini.


Jupiter is in Taurus, Uranus is in Gemini. That's a really important one. So flag that we have Saturn in Sagittarius also something to flag. Neptune is in Pisces and Pluto is in the final degrees of being in cancer. So all of that, they're, each one of these planets is doing something specific and unique at this time. But when I pulled this chart, the first thing that stood out to me was Jupiter and Taurus. That's kind of familiar. We actually just had Jupiter in Taurus. Oh. In the sky right now. Oh, hey. Jupiter was in Taurus all of last year in 2023.


Oh wow. Okay. So that's terrifying, you know? But that happens. That's not that crazy. That happens every 12 years. So, okay. There's a cycle around that. But then as I kept sort of poking around, I also was thinking about and anticipating that throughout this year we're going to have Jupiter sinking up with Uranus at some point in, in 1692. That just just happened. And that one isn't that common. Oh, that's interesting. Well, that just happened where Jupiter and Uranus, that was April of 2024. Okay. That those two synced up again. And then as I'm continuing to go around here, I see Neptune is in Pisces in this chart.


Neptune is in Pisces right now. Wow. In the sky. Wow. And that one is really rare. That one is a really, that's an 144 year orbit. Oh wow. So that one does not happen very often. That's it's, it's very special to have Neptune and Pisces. And. I would say that Neptune and Pisces is going to be a very, plays a very significant role in all of this, in all of these trials for us right now. Neptune went into Pisces in 2011 and is going to be leaving Pisces in 2025. So we're at the final end of Wow. Neptune's journey through Pisces. Oh, okay. I'm gonna explain what this means in just a bit as well, but just sort of to, this is my like fly by of what's going on here.


The last thing that is really curious to me is that we had Pluto, which is the planet of transformation at the final degrees of cancer. Why is that so interesting? Well, currently we have Pluto at the final degrees of Capricorn. Cancer and Capricorn are opposites. So it's exactly 180 degrees away from where it was during The, Salem, Witch Trials. Wow. Thats interesting. So when I pulled this chart, I was shook if, yeah, I was shook if, because I knew that this chart was gonna be interesting. Duh. Course. It's interesting. Interesting thing. But not that Interesting. Not that interesting. Not and applicable such, such a parallel Right. To where things are right now. Wow. Which then of course is why I needed to have this little preface at the beginning.


Because I don't wanna scare people into being like, oh no, yeah, it's coming back. But there is something to be said for where we are now. We find ourselves, you know, quite a lot into the future from this time. And yet somehow I, I can't imagine that we can relate to this story of mass hysteria and that it is something that we as a society are constantly needing to sort of check ourselves on. I Was just gonna say, we always have to check ourselves before it tips over. Yes. Yeah. And obviously the conditions of being in colonial America Yeah. Are very different than today. but it is interesting how with similar sort of transits, we find ourselves almost always edging on mass hysteria.


Wow. That really is wild. That is interesting that we're just somehow better able to pull it back from the brink this time. But if it was in a different environment, a different time, a different, you know, series, it could just keep going. It could keep tipping over. Yes. And because we have stories like this, right. Stories like this are powerful reminders of what could happen if we don't reign it in. Right? Yeah. Like Cautionary Tale, And I know if, if our friends here, you know, all of the names that we're gonna start mentioning the proctors Yeah. The court, the putnam's. If, was there a precedent for this at that time that they were citing and referencing and being like, careful because in the year 1300 there were these scary things.


Like Right. Who knows? Yeah. They were so probably swept up in this moment that they weren't aware of the fact that this was, that there was a sort of a cautionary tale to be said for it. Yeah. And it does feel like there's so many, and I'm sure we'll get to it. Like there's so many times during these trials where you're like, you could have stopped. Like you could have stopped. Why isn't anyone stopping? Like, why are we taking it further? And they just didn't. Yes. They just kept tipping it over. It kept and get worse and worse. Yes. Until finally it did explode. And everybody was like, wait a second, maybe we've overdone it here. Maybe this isn't Okay. Yeah, That's exactly right. So just to sort of summarize what these planets are doing here and sort of the, the snapshot of the sky when the trials began, there was a really interesting, we were sort of walking this line and we were at this edge between storylines, which is kind of where we find ourselves right now with Pluto being in the final degrees of cancer.


Pluto is the planet of transformation, but it also is the underbelly of things. It really likes to go deep and expose. It's definitely very connected to sort of the esoteric and the arcane and witchy things. That's Love That. Yeah. Love it. I mean witch. Witch is great. We love witches. Yeah. People being falsely accused of witchcraft. Don't love that. Don't love it. Don't love that. Right. Don't love that. Hate that. Actually hate It. And I feel like that sort of, you know, it, this chart wanted to understand. Yeah. You know, this chart was really deeply trying to get to what is the truth of what is going on here.


And I think that it backfired Ly obviously, I think, you know Yeah. I, it it sort of where that truth was, was misdirected. But I can relate to this chart in it being very curious in it being very sort of interested in what is going on behind the scenes and trying to understand sort of the core narrative. And I think the attention was really on sort of like what's, you know, there's all of these weird things happening, but what's really at the root of it. Yeah. Like what's the deep narrative here? Yeah. And it was this false accusation, you know, is what is how they manifested that on a good day.


This chart could be a cult, this chart could be witchy, this chart could be interested in journalism. You know, this chart could be sort of spilling the tea, but it wouldn't and exposing things. but it would do so with more morals. Yeah. Okay. Attached to it and rein it in a little bit. Makes sense. And it's true. 'cause this this exposed so much these trials. Yeah. Like these, they exposed the issues with puritanism, it exposed the issues with the colony as a whole. Exposed some, you know, issues with the trial system, how they laws that they were coming, it's justice. Big families in Salem and the surrounding, you know, towns that were doing things out of vengefulness and, you know, grabbing land whenever they could.


So it exposed so much. Right. Like in a horrible way. It's horrible that we had to go through all that to expose all these things. but it really, it was a huge exposition of people for sure. Right. And that's really interesting because it's what they thought they were exposing turned out to be the, the falsity, right? Yeah. But what was actually exposed was the injustice. Yeah. And was the sort of the, the power dynamics. And it was the, this really wackadoo core system. Yeah. It's so true. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Which is wild. Well, and this is, so when, when it first began, it was basically Betty, Paris and Abigail Williams who were the first accusers. And they were, they, you know, they got our girl tba, they got Sarah Osborne and they got Sarah Good for the, you know, they, why they were afflicted.


And the examinations of the accused began on March 1st, 1692. So I feel like that's a pretty pertinent date. 'cause that's when it all kind of kicked off of them doing the physical examinations, starting to bring the spectral stuff in. That's when things started getting wacky. So on this day, on March 1st, 1692, it was Pisces season. Mm. The sun was at 11 degrees of Pisces and it was making a conjunction to Neptune. I mentioned Neptune a minute ago. Neptune is the planet of illusion and delusion. Ah, Neptune. Look at that. And Neptune thing. It's, it can be very mystical, very spiritual, very sort of between realms.


If we're using Neptune correctly, it's sort of our ability to be able, I mean. It's our imagination. It's, it's spectral evidence. Right. It's, it's our fantasy world. That makes sense. It also, interestingly, Neptune has to do with the entertainment industry, which I think is ano another interesting sort of modern association of Neptune. Yeah. Right. So it's anything sort of that is smoke and mirrors. Okay. Ah, that makes Sense. So the sun, which re represents sort of how we are navigating a day to day. Right? It's sort of this, wherever the sun is, is this is what was going on at that moment. And the backdrop of it was that it was connected to this very elusive, mysterious planet in the sign of Pisces, which is also the last sign of the zodiac.


Also a water sign. Elusive, mysterious. So sun, Neptune conjunction, we would absolutely say that that is something that has, is high fantasy, high. Wow. Yeah. Look at that. That's Bonkers. Making a square to an exact square to Saturn at 11 degrees of Sagittarius. Saturn is the planet of rules, restriction responsibilities. That's my, and it also It's your house planet. Yes. It's Capricorn is ruled by Saturn. And Saturn also represents the legal system. Ah. So we have this high fantasy, making this really tight aspect to Saturn in Sagittarius.


Sagittarius also has to do with philosophy, religion. Wow. The legal system. So we're seeing a very religious legal system. And then we have this harsh aspect of square connecting this like fantastical realm to the legal system and to our logic and Yes. And to our sort of rigorous religious beliefs. Wow. That's crazy. How spot on that is for, for everything happening. Right? And. I have I have goosebumps because the, the party doesn't just end there. Oh god. Wow. So the sun was at 11 degrees. Saturn was at 11 degrees and Jupiter was at 11 degrees.


Jupiter also has to do with the amplification of things, making something bigger. Wow. So there was just the, the overall message of this chart was like, things are changing around, around Here popping off and it's gonna get crazy. Guess What it's based on? Fantasy, fantasy, fantasy land. You know, and we're gonna bring it into the legal system, which is supposed to be based on logic, but it's rule by religion here. Great. That's exactly it. Wow. And throughout these charts we see this sort of, well, at this point in the charts we don't, this actually, we end up sort of losing sight of this as this the year goes on. But at this ch point in the charts, there's this really interesting counterbalance between what is real, what can I rely on?


What is factual? And then what is fantasy. Right? And there's this sort of battle between these two things. And eventually we end up sort of completely surrendering to the fantasy world. Oh yeah. You know, But as of right now, it's this tension. It's this sort of like, I want this to be a, I want this to be a, a nice place to live. Like we want things to be safe here. We have to cleanse it. We're doing this for the people. Right? Yeah. The greater good. Yeah. The greater good. Yes. But I, I guess I should say that the backdrop of this is that we've, we're sort of losing touch with reality. We progressively. Definitely. Definitely. Yeah. Absolutely. And it really is. This is when it went from like they're afflicted, what could this be?


And then accusations. And this is when it jumped up that notch to the examination period. So it makes sense that that's that like kick up to the next level. Yes. Yes. That's so scary. That's Terrifying.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, and thousands of included audiobooks plus originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. And can you imagine anything cooler than listening to your own sister's title on Audible? Well, you can't because you're not Elena's sister. But I am. And it was a really cool experience and you can have a cool one too. Sophie and Joe have voices like Butter And I could listen to them all day. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. I suggest you keep the butcher game. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


What's scarier than not knowing what's lurking in the dark? Not knowing what's hidden in your dog's DNA. We're excited to be partnering with Embark the provider of the most accurate dog, DNA test on the market. Perfect for solving the mystery of your dog's breed right up top. We'd like to thank Embark, the best gift for any dog lover for supporting Morbid. Go to embark vet.com to get free shipping and save $50 on the Breed Plus health test with promo code Morbid. You know what? Sydney and Blanche, they know all of my dark secrets, including the embarrassing things I do when no one's watching because dogs see everything. And since our dogs know all about us, it's really only fair we get to know a little more about them. Right? That's where Embark comes in. Do you ever look at your dog and wonder what's really hiding in that breed mix? Is my dog part Wolf? Which werewolf Well Embark can help us crack the case? Embark answers one of the top questions for Rescue Pup parents. What breed is my dog? Embark doesn't just give you a list of breeds, it reveals the story of your dog's ancestry. It's like solving a family mystery. Except this time the investigation is all about your furry little friend. If you love a good mystery, and let's face it, if you're here, you do that. Embark's dog DNA test is the perfect way to uncover the mysteries in your dog's. DNA Get the dog DNA test that is trusted by millions right now Embark has a limited time offer for our listeners. Go to embark vet.com to get free shipping and save $50 with promo code Morbid. Visit embark vet.com and use promo code Morbid to save $50 today.


So the next date we have is May 14th, 1692. This is when this is significant because it's when Sir William Phipps arrived to take his role as the Royal Governor. And William Phipps does play a big role in all of this. Eventually ending them, or at least effectively ending them. But this is when he took his role. So this is when he began rolling over. So the main thing that I'm noticing in this chart when I pull this up is that we have two really strong conjunctions happening. Again. A conjunction is when multiple planets are meeting at the same point. So we have a sun and Jupiter conjunction. The sun was at 24 degrees of Taurus. Jupiter was at 27 degrees of Taurus.


Jupiter is the planet of expansion. The sun represents sort of what we are doing in that day. So this is sort of exposing that the events that took place on this day are going to be big. Right? It's sort of being like, this is important. Pay attention to what's happening right now. Interesting. Sun Jupiter is also generally considered very lucky. So there's a sort of, if you were to look at this chart, you would say this, there is a sort of like a, something is fortunate or auspicious in the background of this chart. Huh? Another interesting thing is that Pluto, that planet of transformation that wants to get to the underbelly of things and Mars, which is the planet of action and motivation are connected at this time too.


Interesting. So simultaneously there's something fortunate and auspicious and that desire to want to uncover gets louder and louder. Wow. So those two stories are both very present in this chart. Wow. That's really, it almost seems like they're like fighting each other with him being appointed governor. Maybe that's the fortunate thing because eventually he's going to be the one that says like, Hey, this is a crazy sense, but first he's fighting this whole, like, is this really happening with the witches? Is it not happening? Do I, I bring these people to justice. Do I not, Do I wanna cleanse our community? Like do I wanna go with this Narrative and there, and it's, there is this sort of true deep innate desire to want to figure out what is the root of what is going on, you know?


Right. And, I think that if we give this the benefit of the doubt, it's very earnest. You know, it's very earnest of like, there's something, something's weird here. Something's a colony, you know? Yeah. Something's off rotten in the state of Salem, you know? Exactly. So what's going on here? We're gonna Right. And I suppose it was pretty fortunate that like, you know, that William Phipps was appointed governor and not somebody who would've kept this going and maybe taken it even. and he somehow a step further would've taken even further. I'm not saying he did the greatest job, but like he did, you know, I feel like somebody else could have been a lot worse. And it makes sense that he didn't do the greatest job. 'cause he is got this internal battle. Yeah. In the stars. Literally. Yeah. You think he might be doing the right thing. Yeah. But then realizes he is not. Yes.


Interesting. That's a very interesting one. This one feels like it's going to be like a pretty big moment. It's May 27th, 1692. It's when seven judges are appointed to the court of EO and er Oh, you're in Terminator. I, I've mentioned this in the episodes. We've covered this. It means to hear and determine, and they made this for this, and it's Barth ney, Nathaniel Saltonstall, John Hathorne, William Sargent, Samuel Seawall, wait still Winthrop, which I still think is a really cool name, even though not a great guy. It's banger of the name Williams Stone. It's a bang Undeniably, right? There's a Here. Yeah. But that's when they were all appointed to this court to oversee the trials, which is a big deal.


So I mean, it's, this is definitely the tipping point. Feels Like it would be makes Seventh, 1692. Let's never forget the date because at this, on this day, Jupiter goes into Gemini. So Jupiter leaves Taurus. Right. And we talked about Jupiter being sort of whatever is expanded, Jupiter expands whatever it's next to. So we have this expansive energy now in Gemini at zero degrees. It just went in. And astrology heads will know that when a planet goes first enters a new zodiac sign. That energy is off the charts. It's Amplified. Yeah. It, it's really, it's Here to party.


It's here to party. And it enter Gemini. It's very Loud. And we're here to party And, and guess where Jupiter is in the sky right now? Friends? Is it in Gemini? In Gemini. Oh, That's Right. On a party. Yes. And it's also like kind of chaos. Yeah. It's very, I love it. A little chaotic In chaos. It's summer in the worst way. It's Insane. Totally. We, So Jupiter is moved into Gemini, and then we have Uranus in Gemini, and then we have the sun in Gemini. Oh man. And then Chiron, the planet of, or the asteroid, the comet actually of wounds, of our deepest wounds is in Gemini.


Wow. And Mercury is in Gemini. So we have what is called a stellium. This is when multiple planets are meeting at the same point in the sky in Gemini. And at this point, all of that sort of torian rationality that Jupiter was holding onto is gone. It's, it's, we are now in a different realm. Impulsivity station. We're Gini, we're in Gemini. And. I want to sort of take a moment here, because Gemini always gets a lot of pushback. Our, our Gemini friends are constantly being ridiculed. Tell Me about it, sister. Yeah. Tell me about it. It, And there's Geminis are not evil.


No way. There's nothing inherently evil about a Gemini Gemini's Rule. Gemini's rule. I think that, you know, what we should know about Gemini is that they're the first air sign. They're symbolized by the twins. And people spin that to be like, oh, Two-faced Jekyll and Hyde. Maybe I just have a duality that you don't understand. Exactly. Because twins are not two-faced. Exactly. That's not what they are. Yes. So it's a totally wrong assertion. That's exactly right. Gemini and twins are, are, there's, they're separate, right? There's a, and what this symbol symbolizes astrologically is that Geminis are so curious. They're so interested in multiple things that they had to duplicate themselves in order for them to be able to do all of the things and accomplish all the things that they're, that they're passionate about.


That makes sense. So it's really less about like one side and then the other side. Right. And it's more like, if we're all so busy that we can't make time in the day to do everything, then I have to just be two people so I can Touch upon all the things I'm interested in. Exactly. Yeah. So I think that often our pushback of Gemini is really a pushback of our own duality. Right. And it's more, it, it exposes the, the person who is shading on Gemini as someone who can't really handle their own complexities. So justice for Geminis, thank you so much At, for that I had to say that. 'cause we're about to really talk shit about Geminis. I Was just gonna say, as I say that, moving on, I'm not saying that Ash started the sale of witch trials, but I'm not, not saying, well, I Had to say that because this is now this, this, this is when the turning point happens, right?


This is when the, the trials go from, we're trying to do what's best for our community into full blown mass hysteria. Yeah. Now it's witch hunt. Yes. And it's gossip because that is one of the, you know, we, we can't deny that Geminis love the tea. Oh. Has every sign A good gossip, has a sign, has a trait that could be taken either way. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. So in this case, what's really interesting to me is that, and we, we mentioned this at the beginning of the episode, this Jupiter Uranus conjunction that is looming in, you know, it's sort of, we, it's coming in the year 1692.


We're working towards this Jupiter Uranus conjunction, the same Jupiter Uranus conjunction we just had in April of this past year. Wow. So however we had it in the sign of Taurus now in 1692. It's happening in Gemini. Uranus will be in Gemini in 2025. Oh boy. But we will, or 2026. But we will cross that bridge. We'll handle That as it Yes. I'm so scared. We're already, So Jupiter and Uranus are coming together, or they're, they're soon to be coming together. And the energy around this Uranus being the planet of innovation revolution, shocking things, is that we are moving towards a witch hunt revolution with this chart.


And the judges being appointed to this court is really marking a new era for what this place is going to be. What the, the standard, what the precedent is. So as we will soon see laws come back, right? Yeah. Laws that had been overturned come back into the fold. And that's because it's a revolution. They're not seeing this as something that's a regression. No. They're seeing this as something that is actually really innovative. Yeah. Wow. New rules, which is New rules, new way of doing things. And they see themselves as being highly progressive for how they're approaching this. That Makes sense that they saw it that way. Yeah. It really does. It does. Absolutely.


And again, we see this, the St. Seum and Gemini is now making an opposition to Saturn and Sagittarius, which we talked about before, as sort of our anchor of what the legal system was. An opposition is 180 degrees apart. So it's sort of being pulled in different directions. On one hand we have like, we want as much information as possible says this Gemini Stellium, come in with all of your freaky ass spectral evidence. Yeah. Whatever it is. But bring whatever you have, bring it. We'll listen to it all. We'll Listen, we'll listen, we'll listen. We love it. Like We will hear and determine Yes. And like there's no rules to what it could be because the evidence can come from any place in any way whatsoever.


Meanwhile, Saturn is now outnumbered with all of this. So Saturn and Sagittarius is like, okay, well I guess if this is gonna be the philosophy, if this is gonna be the court system, so be it. Right? So Saturn now has to sort of bend to all of these Gemini planets and it's, it's changing the structure of the court because of it. Wow. That makes so much sense. Like that. It does, does it really does. When you lay it out like that. And it's so interesting when you said like, it entered at zero degrees and it all just pops off from there. Yeah. Yeah. Like, and it gets, it gets more intense as we go. Oh yeah. So, absolutely. Because it makes sense. You already mentioned on June 8th, 1692, my birthday ashe's again, I'm not saying Ash Just kidding.


Justice for John And. I. But that's when they did bring back an old Massachusetts law that was made obsolete by another law against hangings. They bring that back to allow execution by hanging now. Yeah. So they were like, I know we got rid of that. And it's ole we miss it though. We're gonna pull that back in here. Yeah. Because why not? Yeah. And for them, they're like, no, this is actually, this is, this is modernity. Yeah. Look at us, look at us going into the future. Yes. And, and this futuristic utopia. Yeah. We recognize that the witches are among us. And to protect our community, we gotta be executing them left and right. We're the heroes. Heroes. Get up to this. Let's go And, I.


Think of course, you know, this is such a cautionary tale of what, how at any point in time, something that then you look back and you're like, that's barbaric and bananas Yep. At the moment felt really innovative and progressive. Yeah. Like, we're doing what we need to do. Yes. To keep everyone safe. Yes. And, I don't think that it was even, you know, looking at these charts, I don't think that there was even a consideration of the fact that they were doing something cruel and unusual. No. Wow. And you can tell they didn't feel that Way. Yeah. It's, and it, it's interesting for me because, you know, there's a different version of this story with planets in different signs. Right.


Where we might interpret more of that sort of like they were getting freaky. Yeah. You know, like they wanted to really do some, they wanna do be experimental. Right. But like, this is really like, we think we're doing the right thing. We think we're being progressive. We wanna collect all of the data, we want all of the information, and we're going to be the leaders in the colony. Yeah. We're In the colony world. Gonna show everyone else how to do things. Yes. And we're not gonna have this issue again. Yes. It's gonna go perfectly fine. Don't worry about it. Everyone could go wrong. Yeah. Because it was literally only two days later on June 10th is when they had the first execution of Bridget Bishop. So Yeah. Right Away was Like changing bang boom. Yeah. They brought in this law and then they immediately put it into motion.


They were like, whoop, two days later we can hang someone. Yep. Like crazy. Yeah. And at this time we have that same sort of, that that motion, that movement towards Jupiter, Uranus and that conjunction is, is, we're actually at the height of it. Jupiter is at three degrees. Uranus is at six degrees. They're only three degrees, three degrees away from each other. Within the week they're going to be forming that exact conjunction. That's Wow. Wild. And that, and again, three days after that. So within that same time period, time span. Yeah. That's when the church, the Salem Church excommunicated Rebecca nurse, who was this like pious church going woman who everyone loved.


We'll get into her because I, I have like a special place in my heart for Rebecca Nurse, my, just for Rebecca, justice for Rebecca. But they communicated her in the same week. So it's like when all that was going on, it was just going up and up and up. And again, probably thinking they're being, doing what they need to do to keep the church clean, setting the new standard, setting that new standard that like, you're gonna be excommunicated if you are accused of this. Right. Which is so scary. Right. And what we see in that case is that even though this very pious woman and community member who was very beloved was, you know, it was, it was unfathomable to think that this person could be a witch because this data is being presented.


New types of evidence, new types of material that Gemini like, I wanna hear it. I wanna hear it. Bring it, bring it unvetted, Wrong Unvetted. Like, Which again, you know, and it's, it's haunting for me because here I am an astrologer and it's a once again an election year. And all I want to remind people is that with Jupiter and Gemini right now, make sure that you are really looking at the sources That your information Yes. Do we know how to tell whether something is propaganda or not? Absolutely. So important. And it's the same thing here. Yes. The exact same as if they were just letting it all through. Yes. That's Crazy. And especially, you know, at, we have these similar sort of parallels happening. I, I have no problem with ai.


Like, I'm not one of those people that thinks that AI is going to, maybe I should think it's gonna take over more, Frankly. I don't know. You never know. But With all of that, it's right now being deemed as very innovative. Right. It's being deemed as very progressive. It feels very much the same. It Does. And, and we ha and we are collecting all of the data. Yep. Right. And it's like this, we're pulling it, we're In Giving all of the data to these different technologies Yep. That we don't really understand right now. And I'm just, you know, I just wanna put that there. Yeah. I just wanna let it sit, just cross. Think About fingers, but it take a look. Yeah. I mean, but I don't know. I it Yeah. 'cause it really is a very I mean, it's a very much a parallel.


Yes. It makes a lot of sense. It really does. Cool. Oh, it's, I'm like, I have chills. I know. And that was like a short period of time that's like, you know, in June, like bam, bam, bam. They were just, they were getting this started. And it clearly a lot happens throughout the rest of the year, but we're gonna bump it to September of 1692, because I think that's when things started shifting the other way. That's when we went through all the turmoil that had been clearly building up to a crescendo at this point. But in September of 1692, the court of voyeur and Terminator stopped meeting because that's when people started going, wait a second, what are we doing here? You're not hearing and determining anything. You're hearing everything and determining nothing. I'm really only determining one thing.


Yeah. Everyone's a witch's. Like, we wanna change this. So It is interesting now that when you, when I hear you say that as we're talking about Gemini and sag the hearing and determining I mean, I feel like that is the spirit of the Gemini and Sagittarius access is hearing that and determining that's so Yeah. Wow. That's my big three. You like, oh my God. But less determining. Yeah. More hearing. More hearing everything. Yeah. Yeah. Unvetted, Unfiltered, not enough s energy taking it All. Yes. We need more of the s Saturn was in s but it was being totally outnumbered by all of the Gemini. Makes sense. So now it's, that makes sense. But interestingly at this time, you know, that conjunction, we are sort of moving away from it, that conjunction between Jupiter and Uranus had happened.


Jupiter is now at 20 degrees of Gemini. So that seum that big, you know, if you, I'll show, I'll show you guys the chart, but like it's in May 20, on May 27th when those, when those judges were appointed, it's like a massive amount of planets, like a cluster pool clustering cluster in one area. By the time we get to mid-September, it's dissipated. Ah, there's no more stellium. It's all sort of broken up. It's a much more, don don't wanna say it's, there's nothing abnormal about a stellium, but it's just a much more well balanced chart. Yeah, that Makes sense. And interestingly, Saturn has more agency and control again now in the chart.


Oh, okay. 'cause it's not being outnumbered by all of these, you know, heavy duty Gemini placements that are sort of pulling at it on the, from the other direction. So now the loudest aspect is actually the aspect between Uranus and Saturn. Uranus is at nine degrees. It's going retrograde. Saturn is at six degrees Sagittarius. So we have a Uranus Saturn opposition. Saturn has more power. Saturn has more strength to be like, what's going on here? Wait a second to Relay, look at All of this. You need to stop hearing everything. Yes. More determining, More determining with facts. Also At this, on this day, the moon was in Sagittarius as well. So the moon and Saturn were working together to be like, cut it, that It out.


That was really interesting. My, the moon came, we love the moon. It was like, This is insane. Yeah. The moon comes Through. Wow. So yes, I mean, we, it's definitely, things are very, in a short amount of time, the sky is really different. Wow. And it makes, and it just, when you look at the events, it just makes so much sense. but it perfect sense. but it was like building, building, building. And then it just kinda like slowly dissipates because it does feel like it's suddenly slowly dissipates. That's exactly what happened. I mean, if you were to show me these charts with no sort of events associated, I would be like, whoa, what Happened? Were we working up towards Right? And then I would see the drop off. It slowly trickle off. You're like, oh, everything's fine now. You're like, Okay, but what was going on there or what's not over there? The little one in the middle Is everyone. All right.


Oh, Sale witch trials Made it out of that. And then the next thing, and this kind of goes back to our governor Phipps, our friend Governor Phipps over there, who apparent was there was fortune in the sky when he became governor on October 29th, 1692. That's when he, after the court stopped convening, he ordered a stop to any more arrests in the trial for witchcraft. He didn't want anyone else arrested for it. and he later would in, in the following year, he later pardoned everybody remaining in jail. So he did do his part to make sure everybody was let out. Yeah. Just about six months after he stopped, took any more arrests. but it wouldd be on October 29th, 1692 is when he stopped the arrest.


So no boat, no more witchcraft. Arrests were gonna happen. It's Interesting, you know, obviously we know that this date is very close to Halloween for me, you know, just spiritually, I think that that's really interesting because that marks a, it's, it's a threshold. You know, Halloween, October 31st is the halfway point between the autumn equinox and the winter solstice. And it's, you know, known to be this sort of transitional time. So I just think that it's interesting that that timing is sort of like so close to Halloween that we say like, this is enough. Like we're, this isn't, this is spooky in the worst way. Yeah. We're this, we're not gonna make this spooky anymore. Yeah.


The thing that stands out to me as we get into these, you know, the, the fall of the year, the fall of 1692 is that Pluto, the planet of transformation goes into Leo. So it's not in those late degrees of cancer anymore. It shifts into a new Zodiac sign. Hmm. And again, as we talked about with Jupiter going into Gemini, when a planet goes into a new sign, it's really notable. It's really big, it's really significant. Now what's wild is that currently Pluto is in the late degrees of Capricorn and is sort of teetering on Pluto going into Aquarius. These are the exact opposite sister signs of what was going on here.


Wow. So cancer is the opposite of Capricorn. Leo is the opposite of Aquarius. Pluto was going through the last degrees of cancer into the early degrees of Leo during The, Salem, Witch, Trials. It's currently in the last degrees of Capricorn going into Aquarius. So we have this mirror image of that same turning point energy That's crazy. That same sort of threshold. You know, like, who Knew this was gonna be so topical for right now? I Certainly didn't. Who could have known? That's crazy. Wild. Wow. Seriously. So what that says to me, and what we've been talking about as it relates to current events in astrology, is being at a, in a transitional time. Well, currently as we are in the late degrees of Capricorn for Pluto, we're sort of seeing like, wow, something needs to give.


Right? Like we are reaching sort of a breaking point in our culture. Yeah. And it's like hard to exactly pinpoint what it is, but we know that it's just gotten very loud. Yeah. And very exhausting. You Can see it in some ways. It really has. Yes. And we're looking for something new. We're looking for change. Yep. And that's exactly what was happening at that time. Wow. Pluto was entering Leo. It was saying, this has to be a new era. There has to be something new that we are exploring societally and culturally. So it doesn't surprise me that at the same time that Pluto is moving into this new Zodiac sign, which by the way, it takes, it spends 20 years in a zodiac sign. Oh.


So it's, it really, you know, drives a point home Yeah. Before leaving and entering something new, is that we're saying like, actually maybe this isn't the vibe. Yeah. Turns Out, you know what? Maybe we were Like super duper wrong here. Our Bad. And as you'll see, a lot of the people in this are just like, oh Yeah, we messed up. That was not good. Yeah. So it's, it's interesting to see that, you know, and, and Pluto also was conjunct the south node of karma and past life at this moment, the nodes were in Leo and an Aquarius. So there is this sort of reckoning that starts to happening, feels like by the fall, where we start to kind of have a different perspective on what we want our future to look like.


Yeah. And maybe it's like we have the, we are looking at what we had thought was going to be this utopia where we're getting rid of all the witches. And it's, and then we realize like, actually half of our community is in jail. Like, And some of the, you know, own wives and children and sisters and other, what do we do with all these people are being accused suddenly and they're going, wait a second. Maybe not. Yes. I mean they had a 4-year-old in jail at one point. They had a 4-year-old in jail with her mom and she was accused of witchcraft by Anne Putnam, by the way. And Putnam's the worst. We hate her Ann Putnam. But she accused a 4-year-old and they had a 4-year-old sitting in jail for like a year. And it's like somebody had to look at this and be like, wait a second.


Yeah. Yeah. Is this the like community? We really wanna have a community where we're throwing four year olds in the old Salem jail. Yeah. This isn't what we were going for. Exactly. Yeah. I don know if this is the utopia we were thinking it was gonna be. Right. Yeah, exactly. So it Totally makes sense. Speaking of Van Putnam, speaking of Ann Putnam, this was just an interesting one to me because like, I am so focused on how much I hate Anne Putnam, my hatred Of her. I love that you hate Ed Putnam So much her a lot. I have such a grudge against Anne Putnam. But in, so in August 25th, 1706, so many years after this, or a few years at least, Ann Putnam finally says, well, maybe I made all that shit up. Oops, sorry. And she did this because she wanted to get into a church.


And the church was not gonna let her unless she admitted all her sins. That was a pretty big sin. And I thought this was an interesting one. I'm curious, do you know if, like, what did the church at that point say that they recognized that this was all a disaster? I think it was part of the reckoning of everybody saying that we realized that the intentions might have been pure at some point during, or what they think Are pure. Exactly. But they, I think they also recognized that maybe they had a bunch of bored little girls on their hands, and that these little girls took it too far and didn't know how to stop it.


So I think they were giving her the opportunity to say, we'll, pardon you for your sins, but you need to like, come have a come to Jesus moment and tell us that what you did was wrong and that you knew it was wrong. And she Obliged and she did. She, she said she did it. She said she, she made it up and she was sorry for it, but it was all too late. I was like, Yeah, I mean, it's interesting. So at this time, you know, a considerable amount of time later, over 10 years later, Saturn is now where Jupiter and Uranus were back then. So it's, you know, Saturn that's crazy. Has that perspective. It's now gone through half of the zodiac sign and Saturn is, you know, it has to do with discipline.


Right. And, and our responsibilities and maturation. So it's almost like at that time, we all, and you know, the chart of this moment was one where we had a a different perspective on that Gemini craziness. Chaos. The chaos of Gemini. Yes. That makes sense. That does. Yeah. Because it's like she had I mean I'll, I'll I'll give one little inch here and say like, she guys, this is huge. She had to have a little bit of a maturation here to like, at least know, I still think it was selfish And, I think she, it was, it was maturity. Selfishly motivated to know that she wasn't gonna get into this church if she didn't do what they asked to do. Yes. but it makes sense that it has to do with Saturn.


Yeah.


It is officially vacation season. Woo. Personally, I am so, so, so, so, so excited to go back to Disney World with my man, but you know, who's not invited along on vacation body odor. That's because no matter where I go, I always bring Lumie whole body deodorant. It keeps me smelling fresh every single day. Everywhere from armpits to my feet. In fact, it's clinically proven to control odor free. A whopping 72 hours, I could fly all the way across the world and I'd still smell fresh for landing. And did I mention they make the perfect mini dos for your travel bag or your little fanny pack with your mini ears on it? Lumi was created by an O-B-G-Y-N who saw firsthand how normal Bo was being misdiagnosed and mistreated. It's clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. Unlike certain traditional deodorants that try to mask odor with a fragrance, Lummi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body wash or deodorant wipes, and free shipping as a special offer for our listeners. New customers can get 15% off of all Lummi products with our exclusive code. And if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off of their starter pack, use code Morbid for 15% off your first purchase at Lume deodorant.com. That's code Morbid at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


And speaking of my, my enemy and Putnam, we should get, take a look at at least a couple of the main accusers here, what their charts are. 'cause I'm very curious about that. Yeah, we have, Anne Putnam is October 18th, 1679, and she was born in Danver, Massachusetts. And she was really like the ringleader of all of this. Yeah. She really kept it going. She get everybody was HGIC. Yeah. So, so Anne is a Libra you know, something that I, sorry, Mikey, want to something I wanna call out 'cause it's, you know, it, it really is very loud in these charts is is 25 degrees.


There's a lot of planets at 25 degrees, which is just, you know, it's neither here nor there, but it's just an interesting pattern to see. And was, you know, a Libra 25 degrees Libra, she was actually born on a full moon. Ah. And not just a full moon, it was a lunar eclipse. Ooh. Oh. So that's really compelling to me. Interesting. Because when we have someone born on an eclipse that you, we know eclipses, they're really Lume intense. They're loony, they're, they're, they're high energy. Right. We see that even when we experience, you know, when an eclipse crosses the United States and suddenly it's like the day stops.


Everyone's figuring out their eclipse plans, where you gonna be, you know, they are arresting, they capture our attention energetically. Astrologically, this is also the case when you're born on an eclipse, you have a sense of drama baked into your chart. Yeah. We Were just talking about this the other day. Yes. Yeah. And, and there's a sort of extremism to you. People might see your life and be like, why is everything always so like feast or famine for you? Like why is it like, why are the stakes always so high? Yeah. When you're born on an eclipse. And that's the case of Anne. Wow. She was born on an eclipse. Now she was also 12 years old.


This started and she was, she was born with Jupiter in Taurus. So she was going through her Jupiter return at that time. Wow. Which happens to all of us when we're 12 years old because Jupiter has a 12 year orbit. So she had this, she was born on an eclipse ju she was going through her Jupiter return a very lucky time. And believe it or not, I mean, the way that I would interpret this is that she was really I mean, I guess this isn't, doesn't seem that surprising when I, when I say it out loud, that she thought that she was doing something really cool, you know? Yeah. I'm sure. Yeah, That makes sense. She thought that she was really, she thought that she was really participating in her community.


She certainly was I mean, she was making things happen. She was seeing results, she was making things happen. I think literally she Had an immense amount of power for a 12-year-old girl. And, I. Do think there might be I mean? I know that this is not we, we are not. Anne stands here, so Not an apologies Here. I mean who would like Ann. Right. She's clearly the villain. Right. But I do think it's interesting how in this puritanical culture where women have no power, that these young girls had so, so much power And they took it and ran with it. Yes. And. I also wonder if this is a byproduct of a really oppressive culture. Absolutely. I definitely think that's a huge part of it. I'll give that for sure.


Because especially kids, kids were not in, in this culture in Puritan, you know, times and Puritan culture. It was, you didn't play, you didn't read, you didn't enjoy things. You weren't, you were not to be a kid. It wasn't like the act like a kid, like the scene and not heard. It was like, let me not see you. Let me not hear you. Yeah. It's like you will, you, you help out your family, you do your studying and that's it. Yeah. And you shut up. Like you are not outside playing with things. You're not giggling with your friends. You are, you are seen as not even a little adult, like a little, you know, cult member. You're not really seen as Yeah. Anything. It's not seen as anything. You're one of the many that needs to be doing this thing to get to the goal of whatever their goal was, you know?


Right. And so I think seeing that it's kids who started this was very telling. 'cause it's like they weren't doing anything else. What else were they doing? They had somewhere to apply their imagination. Yeah. And that a fantastical imagination. I mean, that's where the spectral evidence comes in. Some of the things they come up with I mean. It's like, like we said, you know, Anne was the one who accused, you know, a little Dorothy. Yeah. Also like Dorcas in the Yeah. In the trial transcripts, the 4-year-old, she said that like, she came, she was like biting her in her sleep. Like she flew in her window and was biting her. And it's like, that is some like fantastical fantastical shit and it's shit. And it's kids And I think they were just trying to be kids.


but it it, like they say in the craft, they took it to a dark place. Well, when you're a kid, you don't realize the serious repercussions that everything you are doing is going to have And I think when they started seeing the repercussions, it was some of the, I think it was just either keep going or admit that you bullshitted everybody and now you're the ones on the go and we can't do that. But it's also I mean it's the adults who are calling the shots. Yeah. I mean, if these kids are saying are, are recognizing that they have basically unchecked power now. Yeah. And that they have the freedom to be able to participate in these spaces. Yes. And they're ta being taken seriously. Validated. They're validated. They're having the, it's like they're one-upping each other and like how like wild Yeah.


These images and these imaginations are, and then the adults are like, very good job. Keep going. It's like, well being encouraged, I saw Rebecca a nurse in a rocking chair and it's like, how far can you push it? Yeah. So as much as I recognize that it's not good to accuse an entire community, which witchcraft and kill them. fair enough. I do think that it's obviously the adults who were responsible and the kids were just testing boundaries. And also I mean pretty iconic for being, becoming so famous as little Puritan kids. Yeah. You know, like that's what that that's how they were seeing it. Yeah. They were like where the queens of the village were. Yes. Yeah. And when we were talking about it earlier, the adults in the situation are really having the kids do their dirty work because they're after executing these people so they can take their land so they can get rid of the tax that they owe somebody.


You know, that's The thing. And the putnam's especially are huge. You know, they, they, they were the huge accusers and especially like Anne Putnam senior especially was she would direct Anne Putnam Jr. To do her dirty work. Right. And it was like that family was gaining a lot by making their kid do the dirty work for them. So you do have to give her a little bit of sympathy in that regard of like, you were, you were brought into this, like you were just kind of raised to do this. Yeah. Which is sad. Yeah. Doing your parents' bidding. Yeah. Like is she still an asshole? Absolutely. But she was kind, Are we still gonna wear our fucking Putnam sweatshirts? Yeah. But like She was, she was made to be an asshole.


You know, like it's true. Like a lot of the cases we see where it's like, yeah, I feel, you know, I feel bad for the kid, but this kid happened to get a lot of people killed. Exactly. Yeah. And you know, there is something, I think if we think about this karmically too, being born on a lunar eclipse means that the nodes of destiny and fate are right next to your sun and moon, which are some of the most sort of prominent placements in our charts. You know, we know our sun, moon and rising signs. So her sun and moon are right directly connected to her sun is connected to the north node. Her moon and Aries is connected to the south node. These are karmic destiny points. And in addition to those placements being there, she also has Chiron, the wounded healer there.


I mean, one could look at this and be like, yeah, it was horrible what happened to her. That she then had to live with the guilt of having killed all of these innocent people. But in doing so exposed that, you know, this was not the utopia that they were trying Yeah. To create. And really like I mean massive changes in the court system coming out of The, Salem, Witch Trials. So it obviously is a tragedy Yeah. To lose so many people to this. but it also perhaps there was an inevitability to it. If this was the system, something bad was gonna happen. Yeah. And it was someone like Anne who sort of brought it to that tipping point to expose the injustices.


So it was like a A byproduct. A byproduct. Very much so. Yeah. Well, I think another one we could talk about, so Betty Paris and Abigail Williams are the other two I think we'll touch upon because they were the initial accusers. Yeah. They were the big And I. Think they were called the Salem three. Yeah, they were definitely, so Betty Paris was November 28th, 1682. And she was born in Boston, Massachusetts. But we don't claim her. We do not. Understandable. Well, she was born during a new moon. So we have another very strong lunar energy here in this chart. She was also nine years old, right? Yeah. She was young when this really little nine years old is so young in life, but also astrologically that what was happening in her chart at that time was like not that different when what was happening from when she was born, you know, like nine years is you don't have that many transits having taken place.


However, the transit you do have at X Exactly. Nine is you have your nodal opposition. So again, talking about the nodes of fate, she was born with her north node in Leo, her south node in Aquarius. At that time it was the opposite. So the south node was in Leo and the north node was in Aquarius. So at that moment there was this turning point of like, what is my destiny gonna be? Believe it or not, the first time we encounter our destiny is when we're nine years old. Wow. According to the nodes. That's crazy. Yeah. Wow. And then I, it seems like she was then plucked away from this, from the whole, she was like sent to live with family. Yeah. Like you don't, you don't wanna see what's gonna happen they, and Get wild. Like you don't need to hang out with and anymore.


Yeah. Yeah. So it's interesting that she sort of made her mark this little sag new moon sag sun and moon and Sagittarius going through her nodal opposition, did this thing and then was sort of removed from the scene. Yeah. So she didn't actually have to be involved in the trials beyond that time. That makes sense. That is interesting because her dad was a big player in the town, right? Sam Samuel Paris, I believe it is. Yeah. He was a reverend. So he was, I think they were like, you know what, maybe We shouldn't muddy our, Yeah. We want him to keep his job. So let's, you did your job. Let's get outta here. Thanks Betty. And then Abigail is someone that we have another stellium with.


So Abigail was born with Venus in cancer, Saturn in cancer, Pluto in cancer, the sun in cancer, and mercury in cancer. So as we Emotional girly, It's an emotional girly. Yes. And as we've talked about, when we have a stellium, a concentration of energy, it just is intense. Yeah. You know, it just, it's, it's sort of, everything is pooling in these places. So with all of this in cancer, it's like, you know, cancer is associated with the mother, cancer is associated with our home, with our family, with our values. So it does not surprise me that it was the sort of like, I'm doing this for the fam. I'm doing this. And our shared value system in Our shared value system, And I would not be surprised if this was also coming from, you know, if this was being supported by her family.


Oh yeah. Which I'm sure it was And. I'm encouraged by her family. That makes a lot of sense. That Definitely does. Damn it makes me feel kind of bad for them only a little bit. They're Human. I do, I would say that we can feel bad I mean, it's interesting because there's like a whole other take on this where it's like these were the witches, these little girls who, because what is a witch I mean? It's, it's usually women who are trying to figure out where their power is and to reclaim their power. They're serving their power. And these girls certainly figured out how to have a lot of fucking power in their community. Yeah. Definitely. The most, The most power. Truly. So I mean, I think that having a fresh set of eyes on these little ladies is not the worst thing.


But then definitely no, no remorse for the, for the boys. Yeah. For the orchestrators who were on the trial, I mean. Oh, no way. The Fullblown adults, they have full frontal lobe. They know what they're doing. You Are grown ass adults, grown Grown ass men. No excuse for you, no excuses. What are You doing? And actually, that's where we'll go next. Speaking of is to these idiots, the first one I could think of was John Hawthorne, big player. This guy's so bad that, like his ancestor, Nathaniel Hawthorne added a W to his name to not be associated with him. Wow. Until, you know, it's bad. That's the lore. So it's, that's how bad he is. He was one of the most active judges during the trials. He was known to be super aggressive.


He forced confessions in ways that would be very unseemly, even by those standards. He was super, super religious. And so he took this whole thing even more seriously than a lot of the other ones did. He was the one to condemn Reverend George Burroughs to death, which is very interesting that a very religious man would condemn a reverend to death. He also never showed remorse, even after the trials were done, never apologized, never said that he was wrong in anything he did. He ended up dying in at the age of 76. He's buried in that old bearing point cemetery on Charter Street in Salem. So that's an interesting grave to, to visit.


Yeah. Chilling. Just take a moment. It's chilling. It's a very chilling grave. But yeah, he's one of the worst for sure. Well, I, I, would it surprise anyone to find out that he is a Leo? Oh No, it is. So John was born on August 5th, making him a Leo son. He also has a moon in Leo. So he was born on a new moon. And again, you know, we're seeing definitely enough of these charts that have an interesting lunar signature to know that these individuals were born during these prominent lunar phases. A lot of them were. And you know, it's not being born on an eclipse, which is the, you know, the most magnified version of it.


But being born on a new moon is also, you know, has, there's a significant sort of energy associated with that. And in the sign of Leo, you know, if this is done poorly, we have a very egoic gentleman on our hands That chuck shocking there. Moon in Leo, sun in Leo Mars, in Leo. And at the time, this would again, have been conjunct at the same point as the south node in Leo, which is one of those destiny points. Hmm. And it's, you know, it's sort of the, the dark side of destiny. Right? Yeah. It's his, it's the destiny to be remembered as an egoic monster in the case of John.


Well that worked. Yeah. That's John. And also to feel this sense of Leos can be very stubborn, you know, very resolute. It's a fixed sign. So it believes what it believes and it believes that it's right. That's why he never apologize. Never apologize. And it doesn't surprise me that this, you know, there was this sort of vengeance for the reverend, you know, and this sort of like, I am not afraid to take down a religious figure. Yeah. Because I know best To show my point that I'm Right. Yes. And to be bigger and higher than you know. Yeah. Because that is, it's its own sort of egoic expression is to be like, see, you all thought that this was a pious individual, but I as a judge am above this alleged pious individual.


And I say they're a witch. And I know better. Yeah. That's fascinating. That is fascinating. Oh, don't get wrapped up with a Leo John's the worst. But, but the next one we have is a lot of people know this name too. Cotton Mather. So How could you not know the name? How I do not remember this. And it's when you'll remember and his dad increased. Have To remember Cotton. Yeah, you got it. We remember cotton weary too from the scream. Yes. Always. But he was a puritan minister. He studied, he actually studied another outbreak of hysteria. It was the Goodwin family in Boston, Massachusetts. and he wrote about it. He loved to write about this stuff and he blamed it on the devil. and he mentioned in these writings that Salem was the devil's playground, is what he believed.


Which, which is awesome. People. Yeah. I mean that sounds so metal. So Metal Like. So We love, if I was in Salem at that, I'd be like, hell yes. Like let's, and also like, leave us alone because we're the devil's playground. Don't mess with us. But a lot of people think that was part of the seed that was planted to at least start some rumblings in Salem with hysteria. But in the letter that he wrote to the justices, he was one of those people who said, spectral evidence is bullshit. You shouldn't use it. You shouldn't use it in these trials. I don't think it should be used as like real evidence. But in that same letter, he also urged them to continue trying to suss out witches in Salem.


So he was saying, don't use spectral evidence, but like you're doing, you're doing the Lord. Keep going, Let's keep going. and he was also the one who said that bringing back to Reverend George Burroughs, that poor guy, he was the one who said that no witch would be able to say the Lord's prayer perfectly. They were gonna stumble on it. They would forget it. They wouldn't be able to say the whole thing. That's The tell, right. That's the tell. You'll be able, if, if they can do that, they're not a witch and you should not condemn them. Yeah. Well Joe, Reverend George Burroughs recited that Lord's prayer perfectly without stumbling, without muttering anything on the gallows Co Mather was there and he said, eh, it's fine. I guess in this case it's whatever.


He's a reverend. So you know, we're already here, so let's just like go through it. And it's like, what the fuck? Like, what a contradiction. and he actually later claimed that Reverend George Burroughs was the king of all witches. He used that phrase and basically said later, you know what? Spectral evidence, it was actually fine. It was fine that they used it. The whole thing was justified to some degree. We're all fine. He was, he was basically a whiny little bitch. and he stood for nothing like that. Man stood for nothing. He just stood for spectral evidence of wind blew. and he would blow over here with it. Like he was the worst. Well, a few things that are really interesting. So we have another stellium here in his chart.


He has an Aquarius Seum. So this is Aquarius is the opposite sign of Leo. So again, we're still on those nodes, which were going on at this time in the signs of Leo and Aquarius. So he's being really activated by them. He has Chiron in Aquarius, Uranus in Aquarius, Mars in Aquarius, the sun in Aquarius, and Mercury in Aquarius. Wow. So once again, we see someone who has a lot of, a lot, you know, a lot. It's a lot of, a lot And. I would say most compelling to me is that he was going through his Saturn return during this time. Interesting. So he was Pretty young. He was young. He was. And the Saturn return is when we go through it in our late twenties and early thirties.


I'm so Scared. Buckle up baby. I know. Careful of that spectral evidence. I know. And it's when we become our own person and it's often a very challenging and complicated time. And what I, you know, I'm, I'm probably jumping ahead, spoiler alert, he was the son of Increase Mathers, coolest name, coolest name Duo tuck an increase. But I think that what's really interesting about this is that we have, and we'll talk about increases role within this as well. We have Cotton, the son trying to figure out what he stands for and what his place is and what his role in this greater sort of ecosystem is.


So it doesn't surprise me that as he's going through his Saturn return, he's like, well, a little bit of this, but also that, you know, like, this makes sense, Not whatever Works. And my, and now I'm gonna get into sort of my intuitive read on it for a moment, looking at the chart, is that I think that he got over his head in what was happening. Oh, for sure. And because he was, he comes into this kind of as an academic. Absolutely. And, but then he swept up in this town. I mean it would be an interesting biopic. Certainly he swept up in this town and then it's like it's all happening. Right. You know, like they're dying. These people on be are being hung.


You know, like we have people being tortured, you know, it's like what a scene. And he's trying to figure out, is this what it's about? Like is this, is this what we should be doing? This is why We did this. Is this why we did this? And Right. What are the limits? And what are the boundaries? And, I think that as people are dying, it's like, well I have to justify this. You know, I have to make sense of this tragedy. So yeah, I mean he's the king of witches. That's why he can say the Lord's prayer so easily. Yeah. Is because the devil is go speaking right through him. And the devil is, you know, a trickster. So of course in this case, this is an exception to the rule. Yep.


But I think that this is the chart of someone who is really trying to figure out, you know, who he is and what his place is in society and how he can be the most useful and how to sort of bring these pieces together. Another thing that's interesting is that he was born during the Jupiter Saturn conjunction. That's an a 20 year cycle that happens every 20 years. So it's an important, it's a meaning. It's one of the signatures that happened during 2020. The Jupiter Saturn conjunction. Oh. So Jupiter makes things bigger. Saturn makes things disciplined. So he's trying to figure out, you know, how am I going to be the, this sort of voice, you know, how am I going to be the smartest one in the room?


I think is Cotton story. He's Got that vibe for Sure. Yeah, he does. How can I be this? And it's also very Aquarius, you know, like you, if you've ever met an Aquarius, you know that they also love to be right. They love to be intelligent. So it's, it has that sort of like Yeah, I know what I'm talking about. Yeah. and he iss like, oh, I can explain this. I Can explain this. Like, I know you're all, you all think you know, but I can Explain this. Yeah. Listen to me. Listen to cotton, Listen to cotton. A hundred percent cotton, But don't percent sell. Hundred percent cotton. That almost went over my head. I was so close. You're like, what? So the next one we have, this isn't like a huge, I he's a big player because he is one of the seven judges, And I.


Think what is of note about Barolo Edney is won his name. Yeah, Definitely that. And he's got, he's got an interesting grave in the cemetery as well. and he was, he was one of the shitty judges. and he also was one of the ones who fiercely advocated to use spectral evidence, which I always think means that you are one of the worst. Because I'm like, if you are allowing children to say that somebody flew in and bit their knees in the middle of the night, and like something's wrong with you, you're a little kooky. and he also condemned his own friends. Like he would, he would like turned this back on people. Like his friends would be like, you know me Bart. And he'd be like, I guess I don, don't I I your friend. and he'd be like, I guess I didn't, yeah, I Guess I Didn't know you.


And it's like, whoa. He has no loyalty. Would you be surprised to find out? Well, let me ask you. I hear a lot of hearing, which we know now is the Gemini St. Deum and Barty was a Gemini. Ah, No sorry. June 14, 16, 40. See him turning on his friends doesn't give us a good, A good rep. No, it's like doesn't. No, you'll, but it doesn't, you know, I think it makes sense for as we are sort of creating the archetype for the Gemini deum energy of this time period. Right. It's like, give me the most. And in his case, he was like, you're my friend, whatever. Like come on in to the, to the freaky trial world and like, let's spill.


What's the tea? Let's do this. Like what do you have? Oh, people are flying and inviting. Interesting. Interesting. I love that. Love that. Yeah. I mean honestly. It was like the wackier, the better And I think that that's why he was into spectral evidence is because he liked the sort of the entertainment of it. That makes sense. Makes a lot of sense. I feel that for Bart. I love entertainment. So I get it. Bart was just here for the waltz. Like he was just like, same. This is interesting. Like why not Go on. Yeah. He's like, please Tell me what happened. It would be interesting to read his entries in this giant bible. 'cause it's probably like, and then yes, they said that this happens. But wait, let me tell you more. Yeah. It's like Exactly.


You'll never believe this one. And, I think that sort of like, you know, one of the overarching lessons around this was that actually, it turns out morality is a good thing. Right? It's good to, it's certainly when you know someone's character that actually should be considered when you are absolutely bringing them in and to an accusation. Right. That's Why we have character witnesses. Right. Right. It's important to understand who someone is. But in this trial, all of that was out the window. Yeah. Because it was really just the hearsay. Yeah. People were accusing their own spouses. Right. And that was being so sick. That was being regarded, that was being taken into more regard than someone's character.


Yeah. And someone you've known forever. Forever. Right.


Echo Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa Made just for kids. Echo Kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. It's also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good and very healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get into a really good and healthy routine because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music. A morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is so grown up when they come down and tell me what it's gonna be that day. But using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility and independence. It also gives my kids a way to express themselves. Because Echo Doc kids comes in cute playful designs and kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexa sounds with Pretend Owl or Dragon Voices along with character inspired songs. Jokes and greetings. Echo do kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties singing and dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at amazon.com/echo Kids.


Well, one of, one of the worst ones. I would say. It's definitely the Corwin family. Yeah. They popped off. And a lot of people know the witch house in Salem. That's, you know, the Jonathan Corwin house. He actually, there was so many quote unquote witches being brought in to be examined during this time. 'cause they were, now they're picking everybody. We hear about the, you know, the ones who died at the gallows, but there's so many who died in jail. There's so many who were put in jail and somehow got out of it. But there's a lot of victims here. So many people were being accused that he opened up. You know, he's so friendly and loving and cozy, so accommodating. He opened up his home and said, oh, I can conduct examinations in here since I know we're So Gracious.


We're so busy. Like, I'm here to help. And there's some like crazy stories about him in that house. and he would also undertake the examinations himself, which is a whole different vibe. Very pervy energy. Very Pervy energy. Like I, I don't like it. The energy in that house. It is. Oh, messed up. It's snarly. Yeah. It's dark energy. And a lot of his family was embroiled in the whole accusing process. A lot of his children were quote unquote afflicted at times. So that was a whole thing. and he never apologized for his role in the trials either. He was one of the ones that stood by and said, Nope. It was right. What's interesting is that as we're talking about this, there's a, I, what I'm sort of noting is that as you're mentioning these different judges who never apologized, it's a lot of fix signs.


So we met the Leo. Yeah. We met the Aquarius and here we have the Scorpio. Ah. So we have another Stellium here with Jonathan Corwin. This one is in Scorpio. So we have Uranus in Scorpio. We have the north node in Scorpio, mercury in Scorpio, the sun in Scorpio, and Neptune in Scorpio. So again, I'll a stellium is a lot. Now we haven't talked about Scorpio a lot, which I think it would be surprising for a lot of people because Scorpio is the zodiac sign that is so witchy and so sort of associated with the occult and, and sort of underworld things.


It's signified through Pluto, which we have talked about. But Scorpio has been sort of low key in the background throughout most of these charts. Which is interesting. And it does show me that, again, this whole trial was more of the Gemini information. Like I wanna collect the, the knowledge than it was the Scorpio. Like, ooh. Like let me get into the sort of the mysteries of it. Yeah. But in the case of Jonathan Corwin's chart, he was about that. He wanted to get up in there. You And, I. Don't wanna, I'm not typecasting all Scorpios as being perverts, but it is a little pervy. It is, it definitely is.


It is associated with like the genitals and like the, you know, the private parts and sex and all of, so when you put it In of, in this Scenario. So in the context of this, yeah. This is probably someone who was being a little gross, little gross, you know, a little sexually deviant around this and using this as an opportunity to like, you know, examine that, Make that easier. Yeah. Gross. Which I definitely think was a thing. Absolutely. Oh gross Jonathan. Well moving on from him. Well, and we're staying in the family to his neck. Oh goody. Which I think is one of the worst in the whole thing. George Corwin, he was, he has an interesting birthday too. His birthday is February 26th, 1666.


Scary. Right. So he's Tall. So he has the triple six in there and he's talking about everybody else being pregnant. Come on, check your birth year. My friend. Check your birthday. He was only been dating like, Hmm. So he was only 25 years old. Which blows my mind. That wild at this point. 'cause I'm like, you're a babye. Yeah. Like you're a bee. Shut up. Go even out. Figure out your life. Not even at the Saturn return. Right. Whatcha are you doing? Like ruining everyone's life. He was the high sheriff during the witch trials. He was also the nephew of Jonathan Corwin. So that that family that's bad blood runs deep. That's bad. He was known very much. He was very aggressive. He confiscated a lot of shit from people when he would arrest them. Like that was his favorite thing to do. He was just steal all your shit when he arrested you.


It was like a treasure hunt for him. Yeah. And it was like, there was certain, like this was part of the time period too where like, you know, they would confiscate things from you when they arrested you to pay for your jail sentence. Essentially in your trial they could confiscate your land, all that. But he would do it willy-nilly. Like he was known to just steal all everybody's stuff. He was there for a lot of the executions. Bridget, he was there when Bridget Bishop, the first one, the first victim was hanged and she was forced to climb a ladder when she was hanged. It was just like a different thing. He was the one who kicked the ladder out from underneath her. He then left her body in a rock crevice after that.


Just threw her in a rock crevice and just left as an example. Just as an example. What's also interested is he left her body in that rock crevice at the site. And then he reported he had to write out a report for this and he crossed out the words buried in place when he did this. Which is like snakey. Yeah, that's, that's weird. 'cause like he, like he literally intentionally was like, I'm gonna leave out what I actually did. I'm just gonna cross it out. And I was like, that is so shady. It's Very shady. Yeah. and he is infamous for being the one that tortured Giles Corey with weight until he was crushed to death at one point. We covered this when we talked about the witch Giles Giles.


Corey was I mean. It was like days, two days of him being pressed to death. So at one point the weight was so severe that his tongue protruded out of his mouth just on weight alone. Right. And it was George Corwin who grabbed a walking stick from somebody who was watching this whole thing. 'cause remember people would just watch this with like popcorn shit. They would just watch this man be pressed to death for this old man, be pressed to for two days, grabbed someone's walking stick and poked his tongue back in his mouth with it. Which to me is like ruthless as fuck that like serial killer vibes. Yeah, Totally. Yeah. But Giles Corey as we know, did not enter a plea. He said fuck y'all. and he didn't do it. And instead he cursed George Corwin and all of Salem, which worked and he cursed.


So that we have seen, so George Corwin died of a heart attack at age 35 years after this. And since 1692, Salem Sheriffs have all died of heart conditions at very early ages or suffered from heart conditions at very early ages. And it only stopped after they moved the sheriff's department from the old jail. Right. 'cause before it was overlooking the, yeah, it was like overlooking some it burial crowds, some po I believe. I'm not positive about that. Yeah. but it was, I just know that it was a, Cahill is one of the sources that is a really, that his book is really good about this. He mentioned he was one of the sheriffs. He mentioned that he suffered from heart issues when he was sheriff. and he is like, it is a curse.


Like it's for real. For real. And George Corwin had taken so much stuff from people when he was arresting them, that a lien was actually placed on his body when he died. That it was not released back to his family to be buried until he, his family paid for his shit that he had taken. They said back at you. So he got his in the end for sure. But he's one of the worst I would say. So what's he all about? So, you know, it's interesting because he well is a Pisces. Hmm. And I think that that would really surprise people because usually Pisces are considered to be, you know, sort of like harmless. Yeah. Mystic feeling sensitive, emotional intense people.


But in this case, I mean this is why you have sort of, you know, you can't, you really shouldn't be stereotyping the science. 'cause there's so much dimensionality to them. He was born with the sun conjunct Jupiter in his chart. And we've talked about Jupiter making anything bigger and more expansive and sort of like larger than life. So the sun and Jupiter were in Pisces when he was born. And as well remember during The Salem, Witch Trials, Neptune was in Pisces. So it was almost like he was operating in this fantasy land himself. Like he sort of went with the, he went with the, this mass hysteria and like ran with it as part of his identity.


Mm. He was playing a role within this whole elaborate tragedy. Oh yeah. As the high show. As someone as Yes, exactly. Yeah. As sort of like the, the boss as the one who was ruthless as the one who had no patience for witches. You know, like he would do, he hated witches and would do anything to make sure that they were never coming back again. And it was also, you know, it's interesting that he was pre Saturn return. Right. To me that also is, is very compelling. Yeah. It, it really shows that he was also trying to prove his manhood. You know, he was Yes. And there was this heavy compensating for being so young and having so much power and it almost feels like it's a higher octave of how the girls were behaving at that time.


Yeah. You know, it's like when you're that young and you have so much power and it's, and you're responsible for such brutality, it's like you have to kind of go all in. Yeah. You know, you obviously don't have to and you shouldn't. Listeners Like please don't go. All these kind of people Commit When They're gonna do it. Yes. He committed to that role that he was playing and it was that, you know, he was being sort of egged on by the hysteria so much so that he thought he could get away with it. Right. Like he thought he could get away with that kind of force. He thought he could get away with stealing all of these possessions and obviously so young that didn't realize like, actually no, I'm gonna get mine when you die young.


Yeah. From this heart condition after this curse because you were so bad that you have a curse on you now that you're not even going to be regarded. You know, you're, there's gonna be a lean on your body because people are gonna recognize that you were a shithead. Yeah. You know, They're gonna be like, we're not even giving to your body, to your family. Right. Because it was actually completely out of line what you did. Yeah. So it's I mean, this is why, you know, it's when you have such young people who ha are responsible for acting out in these ways. It's like you're going to see oftentimes the, the most fierce and evil ones are the ones who are the youngest involved.


You know? Absolutely. And also frontal lobe. That's feel that part of it's a huge role too. Yes. Definitely. That is interesting. Another one that I'm, I'm interested, this is like a, I'm just interested in this one 'cause he's a little bit of an outlier. Samuel Seawall. So he was a judge. He was one of the ones let later publicly apologized. He even called for a day of fasting and penance to, for reparation of what happened. and he himself observed that day privately for the rest of his life. Like he was very much a, I thought I was doing what was right. I did not do what was right. I'm so sorry. And it was literally like, he was like, I know that that wasn't right. I thought it was right at the time.


Right. Kind Of thing. Yeah. And he's an Aries, we haven't talked about Aries yet. He was born conjunct to the north node of destiny, his son. So again, we're seeing that as an interesting signature coming up. A lot of these nodes of fate are involved in the individuals who are associated with this. Which to me just really exposes like yeah, these are all people who have legacies now that are, that are sort of surrounding these, this really historic event and this historic series of events that took place. Yeah. What I find really interesting in his chart is that his mercury, the planet of communication is in the sign of Pisces.


Again, we were talking about Neptune, the planet of illusion and delusion being in Pisces. So at the time of these trials, the way that he was thinking mercury rules communication, it rules our mind. The way that we process information was being really heavily influenced by this neptunian fantasy world. So it's like as this was going on and people were presenting all of this freaky spectral evidence, he was like, I guess so, yeah, I guess, I guess it's real, I guess. Yeah. Everybody's buying this, so I guess These girls are coming in talking about people flying in through windows. Like woo, Something to it to It this isy something weird, he's gonna go. Right. And then after that transit had lifted after he was no longer, you know, as time went on and he had perspective and he had, there was distance from what took place, you know, as the chart sort of separated and opened up as we saw, he then had more perspective to be like, whoa, I was under a spell.


Yeah. And I think that if, I think that he would've said something quite like that, that he himself was hypnotized by what had happened. Yeah. But like the real, the real spell was happening in the judicial system. Right. Exactly. Exactly. From what you I mean. It's so interesting because with all of these, we see the story of, you know, of, of spells and witches and of persecution and it's just all sort of not what they thought it was, but it's all there. You know, the underbelly was being exposed, but it wasn't Rebecca nurse. Right. You know? Yeah. It was them, it was themselves was It was the whole society and he I mean he proved it with the like privately doing that day of reparations.


Like, because he felt so guilty. Right. He had guilt for the rest of his life and he's one of the only ones who would admit that. Right. And he's the Only Aries, which is, and he iss the only Aries. Yeah. That's interesting. Is Aries a fixed sign? No, it is not. It's a cardinal sign. So that's interesting that he's the one, not a fixed sign and he can actually admit that he was wrong. Where the fixed signs could not, well, what's Interesting is, you know, my girl, not my girl, let me, let me rephrase that. But Ann, who I think we all need a fresh perspective on, has her moon in Aries and is herself a Libra sun, which is the opposite of Aries. So those cardinal placements seem to be, which, you know, Capricorn is a cardinal sign.


Capricorn seem to have some, you know, they're the ones who are coming in with a little bit more remorse. Mm. That's interesting. That does make sense, huh? Well, I think very interesting. I think maybe we should round this out by talking about a couple of the, the victims that everybody probably knows like the most. Yeah, definitely. Giles, Corey, Giles. Corey, you gotta go Giles. We know that he was pressed to death because he wouldn't enter a plea because if you entered a plea you could have your land taken away and all your belongings from George Corwin essentially. So instead of allowing that to happen and leaving his family without anything, he decided not to. He had two days of being pressed to death and the only thing he responded when George Corwin tried to get anything from him was more weight.


And then he ended up dying. His curse was, damn you sheriff, I curse you and Salem and that. That's the curse that seems to have gone all the way through. I think that worked. Yeah, I think so too. But he's one that everybody knows about. He, he had like, he was a wealthy farmer in the town, so, and he, he did have like, he wasn't Super well liked Yeah. Moment, I would say he had a reputation of being a little aggressive, a little violent, a little angry. He was charged with murdering his farm hand in se in 1676. So it's not like he was like coming outta the scot free. Yeah. Not Scot-free at all. He had a little come up and send and he Had some blood on his hands. He Definitely did.


But he was, he was found guilty. He only got a fine for it. A lot of people were mad about that and thought he should have gotten more for that. And people think that might have played into him being accused. So he was born August 16th, 1611 in the uk. So, so we are back with a Leo. Back With a Leo. So, you know, we had talked about the Leo as being, you know, of the ego. Right. We had mentioned that with one of the, with one of the judges, is that when we have this, this Leo energy of this being sort of like egoic, I'm, I have more, I know more. I could be higher than Yeah. Whoever And I think that that also, you know, he, this is the only person in The Salem Witch Trials who was pressed to death.


And this is also the only person who was like, I'm not gonna play by your fucking rules. Yeah. Right. Like if you wanna kill me, you're gonna have to do it in this other way. Yeah. Where you're gonna have to get creative. Get creative and It's Gonna be disgusting. You know, like it's gonna be a really gross scene for you and all the villagers. So that's very Leo. You know, change it up for me. Yeah. Do it special for me. Mercury in Leo, Jupiter in Leo Sun in Leo. So again, wow. That Jupiter Sun conjunction coming up as a signature here in a lot of these charts, which is just this larger than life energy to me. You know, it doesn't surprise me that there is in, in his own way, he w if if he was gonna go down, he wanted to do it on his terms.


Yeah. You know, and not speaking to whether or not he was, or you know, was a good person or was not a good person. Obviously it sounds like he was a complicated, aggress, Complicated, aggressive, fiery man. Yeah. It, it is interesting that when it came to his death and his legacy, that it is a sort of a standout, a notable death, right? Yeah. Within this It absolutely is. 'cause he wouldn't, he wanted to maintain a sense of his dignity in it and for him and that was his way of doing it, standing on his two feet. That makes a lot of sense. Sense and Cursing. Right. And doing a really iconic curse. Yeah. Right. Truly that went on for centuries. Yeah. I mean, Do you see who's the real witch?


I know. Well I was just gonna say, do you see anything witchy in his chart whatsoever that would give credence to the curse? Well, you know, the thing that I would say stands out to me in addition to him of course being a Leo and having that Jupiter Sun conjunction, is that he has his north node in Gemini and Uranus in Gemini in his chart. Because he was significantly older. He was Yeah. In his, he was eighties. Yeah. He, he was a lot older. So He was going through his Uranus return at that time, which happens if you live long enough, if you get into your eighties, you go through your Uranus return, which happens at 84. and he was one, he was just, he was just a few, you're shy of his exact Uranus return, but he was going I mean your Uranus return is when you, because Uranus is the planet of revolution and rebellion.


So when you go through that, you really just say like, Caution to the wings. Yeah. I don't give any fucks at all. Love anymore. Love. That makes sense. You know, I'm doing it my way. And I think that to flip this on its head Right. To be like, you are calling me a witch. You're killing me for this. I'm gonna curse you. I don show you what a witch is. Show you like there's something so sassy. Yes. And So poetic, something poetic, vindictive, powerful. All of the above. Sort of reclaiming one's agency. Yeah. And I personally think that anyone can put a curse on someone. You know, don don't think you have to be a witch to do curses. No. I think that it's just your intention and where you sort of apply it.


In this case it sounds like it was a very well warranted Yeah. Time for a curse. It's a very specific curse too. Yeah. He's like, I got well deserved Curse. Yeah. Truly. The next one I would say is Rebecca nurse. Just 'cause that's my girl. Yeah. We know Rebecca and her, she was beloved. You know, they did the petition to try to get her out of it. They got, they found her not guilty, but then our, our girlies there are afflicted girlies threw themselves on the ground in the courtroom and got her said to be guilty again. And actually she was feuding with the Putnam family over border boundaries, which they think had a lot to do with it. And she also disapproved of the appointment of Samuel Paris as the new Puritan minister.


So there was a lot of people that were not pleased with her, that were very powerful and happened to be accusers. I mean. What I noticed in this chart initially is that this woman was almost a hundred years old. Oh my God. And she was like ailing too. She was, yeah. She was born in 1598. So she was, you know, she was in her nineties. Yeah. And then getting wrapped up in all of this. Yeah. And the energy from that to me is so cautionary and is so a mirror, you know? Yeah. When you have someone who is that old and ailing and who is so beloved within your community and then you turn against this individual who is just like this helpless old woman, it's like, what are you really doing here?


Yeah. What's the, what are, what are We, what are we pulling? Right. People love her. She was pious. She was like a church going woman. She was doing everything they, they wanted every said, they wanted everybody to do And I think that some of the things that are interesting to me in this is that she was going through her Jupiter return. In fact, it was exact. Wow. Jupiter was in her chart at, in Gemini at six degrees. Wow. That's where the conjunction between Jupiter and Uras happened. Interesting. So to me, like I have goosebumps because this woman was the symbol of like, we have gone too far. Yep. Wow. Yeah. Absolutely. And this was it. Yeah. Full stuff. A lot of people saw that too. Yeah. And I think that, you know, we have those two sort of events that took place.


Right. We have, or you know, that May 27th date is really stand out to me in terms of when things went haywire. And then when Rebecca nurse was accused and everything that we knew about this old 92-year-old woman was just like completely, you know, overlooked for the sake of hearsay. This was, and her Jupiter was right at that point of Jupiter, Uranus conjunction, which defines these witch trials. This was like the what have you done? Yeah. You know, like, what are you actually doing here? What Are you trying to get from? How do we go on from here? How do we go from here? Right. Because you did it, you know. Yeah. You executed Rebecca nurse. Yeah. Great.


Like where do we go? So what now? What now? Yeah. And like, and if you did this, then what else will you do? Right. Right. It's So true. No one is safe. That's my girl, Rebecca. I love her. Poor went out for Rebecca. Phone Kills. Poor went out for Rebecca. Yeah. I mean, I also think that like, it's an interesting, you know, it's interesting that that breaking point was a 92-year-old woman. You know, it's interesting that that was sort of because not the 4-year-old who was in jail. Yeah. But like this 92-year-old woman was enough for people to be like, wait, what? At least start thinking like, wait a second. Yeah. Like Someone here, something is weird because how could, how could someone live 92 years and be such a, you know, a loving member of our community and participate so much and be someone that we all revere and respect only to be a witch.


Yeah. Right. It's like, this doesn't Make sense. This doesn't make sense. And the flip flop of the, the trial, like finding her not guilty and then being like, oh, the, the girl, nevermind the Make her like, it's like What are we doing? Right. What's going on? We're just giving in into tantrums. Right. I think the last person we should focus on is somebody that probably everybody knows, we were talking about this earlier, the Crucible. It's gonna come, it's the perfect place to end. It's John Proctor. I mean, why is he always hot and everything? It's John Proctor. You know him. You love him. Yeah. He's, you wanna Date him? He's hot. Like why? He just Like, he was I mean he was a wealthy farmer. Right. He was a wealthy farmer. So he's got that going with. He was also a very outspoken critic of The Salem. Witch Trials. From the jump, he got a little aggressive with it.


He said he would, he would whip or beat the afflicted girls. He didn't do it, but he would threaten to do it 'cause he was so disgusted by them. Not great. His wife, Elizabeth Proctor, was arrested on charges of witchcraft. That's when they turned on him. He actually knew, he recognized that this is mass hysteria and something's wrong here. Big time. He wrote a letter to the Boston clergy asking them to intervene and move the trials to Boston. 'cause he was like, it's not happening here. Like, Salem's losing their goddamn minds. Bring it to Boston, bring some law, bring it to Boston. We gotta get a great on things. Boston Logic, we'll figure it out. And the clergy actually was like, yeah, that's, that seems to be the case. Yeah. Sounds sounds weird. Yeah.


But when they answered it was too late. He was already executed. So John the hottie, John The hot One. John the hot one of the whole trial is a Libra. A Libra. Yes. See there you go. Redemption. Exactly. So you know Ann Putnam a Libra. Yeah. John Proctor. But John Proctor. John a Libra. Yeah. But also I mean. I do think it's interesting that when we talk about the Cardinal signs, having this sort of interesting awareness of what's going on in this, they weren't in the mix. They weren't being as influenced by this mutable, Geminis, Piscean energy and or had this sort of stubbornness that we see with the fixed signs.


Right. Throughout it. John Proctor as a Libra was sort of like, okay, like what is fair here? Yeah. Right. Libra is the sign of the scales. It's associated with balance. It's associated with sort of harmony and equity. So we have this Libra sun coming in and being like, wait, this, none of this makes sense. This is not a fair system. This is not a fair trial. Like we're not doing this, we're not approaching this correctly. Yeah. Right. And, I think that even though it's tea that he said that he's gonna whip the girls, like I get where he's coming from with it. He's pissed. He was pissed. and he was also showing like the, they don't have that much power. Like stop treating them like saints, these are children. Stop treating them. They are not anything more than children.


Right. Children. 'cause I'm sure that in Puritan kids were being whipped all the time. Right? Yeah. So they were like, do what we always do. Exactly. Treat them like kids. Yeah. Don't treat them like they are the ones who have all of this insight and who can dictate the fate of our community members. So in, you know, saying something as sort of aggressive as that, I think that the message was like, let's get some logic back in here. Like everybody Hello. Like Muto or I'm, am I taking crazy pills? You know? So in the chart you, it's an, it's, it's an interesting chart in that we have a lot of sort of planets. There's a lot of clusters going on. So we don't have a have a stellium.


But for instance, we have Pluto and Jupiter that are connected. We have Mars and Saturn that are connected. And. I think that there is this sort of like this recognition of, yeah, this doesn't look like someone who is not strict to me. You know this some John Proctor also played by the rules. Oh yeah. He was not like a, I believe that he was not a wild child. No Way. Not my John Proctor. No way. But he also saw, yeah, no, he's daddy. He plays by the rules. But he also saw someone here who, you know, he saw a system that was absolutely falling apart. He saw the collapse of his community and that's I think what he was calling out.


Yeah. I don't think he was saying, don, don't think I'm not, I don't think that witches are real, are real. Like I, I think that this could be legit, but the way that you all are approaching it is nuts. And he sought out to help to fix it. Yes. Like he looked outside and was like, someone come, actually took action, put some logic back into this whole thing. Right? Yes. Because and that's really what he was sort of seeking. Yeah. Was like, we have to turn this down, bring The rules back, come In, bring the rules back. Yeah. I don want rules, but I don't want these wackadoo Yeah. Rules because these aren't rules. This is chaos. Yeah. It's so, which is what it ended up degrading to. Exactly. Wow. Wow. So no wonder he's hot. So No wonder he's always hot in all the things.


Exactly. It's just like cannon. You have to make him hot and everything. Yeah, you do. Yeah. It's So funny the way it's, this was fascinating. I could do this for like 18 hours, like 100. I could just sit here and be like, and what about this person? Yeah. I mean, it's, it's so interesting. And I think that, you know, to, to bring it back to how we started, like all of these planets and all of these different placements didn't necessarily need to manifest like this. No. Right. but it's interesting to have the storyline and to know, you know, who these individuals were, what these events were, what, how did this all take shape? And then how does what, how did the planet support that? Yeah. You know? And like how were they leaning into these different attributes?


Yeah. What mechanisms were there to send Them certain ways, the worst versions of them. Yeah. Right. It's so true. And now with the sky looking so similar, what can we do now? I was gonna say, everybody's gotta like everybody hold on tight and make good choices. Yeah, exactly. And I think that it's such a cautionary tale and it continues to be a cautionary tale of mob mentality. Yes. Oh yeah. Same Time always. And what to do. And we, we constantly are battling this. We're constantly battling like mass cancellations of people. Yeah. And just like, you know, all rumors and social Media And the swirling of social media. And to me it's like, yeah, of course Jupiter is in Gemini. Yeah. You know, of course. Makes sense. We have to navigate the same types of conditions. Wow. It's just that we are approaching it.


You know, we have different tools in different age. Yeah. In a different age. That makes so much sense. Instead of just meeting by like the town water pit. You're meeting on social media. Exactly. You've been talking about someone. Right. But like a mass cancellation without any evidence to back it up. Yeah. To me feels like very similar watching. You know, Gilles Corey get pressed. Exactly. Really. Does It Feels exactly like that. And who's sticking the tongue back in the mouth. Yeah. Like don't be disgusting. Yeah. Don't be that person. Don't in the tongue. Back in The mouth. Yes. Don't be George Corwin. Let the Shit, don't do that. Never be a George Corwin. Don't some moral of this story. Never be A George Corwin. Yeah. Maybe be somewhat of a Giles Proctor or no Pro.


I just morphed them together. Be your own character. Good parts of and the good parts of Johnny. I meant to do that. I felt it. That was on purpose. It was. It was. Make up your own name. Be your own self. An increase smother. How about that? I like it. No, this was so much fun. I wanna do this again with you. It was amazing. Anytime. Oh, this is fun. Anytime. So thank you. Your resident weirdo astrology. Oh yes. Yay. You're hired For everybody else listening, tell us where we can find your new show Horoscope Weekly. So check out my new show, horoscope Weekly. It's out every Monday. And we get into what is going on that week.


And maybe we'll touch on 60 92 as well. You never know. Awesome. And you can listen wherever you listen to your podcasts. Amazing. Yay. I'm listening. Excited. Oh, I'm listening immediately. I'm so excited. I'm getting in the car and listening on my way home. Yes. Immediately. And where can we follow you on socials and find all your books? I am at Elisa Kelly everywhere. That's A-L-I-Z-A-K-K-E-L-L-Y. And you can find my books wherever you find books. Great. So yeah, go get books wherever you read. Go find all the books. Go get some books. Amazing. Well guys, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Weird but not so weird as everybody else in The, Salem, Witch Trials. Don't be George Corwin. No, don't be George.


Don't or Jonathan. Really? Yeah. And don't be Giles Corey, I guess, or no. Giles Proctor. You know I'm wrong. Proctor. I gotta go every I gotta go guys. Be your own person. Exactly. Be your own person.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind every BP, Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day. People producing energy, offshore people turning it into products at our refineries, people doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine. People trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you. At one of VP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs VP supports across the country. Learn more at BP dot com slash investing in America.