
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that ll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at t is introducing a new guarantee. The at t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The At&t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. It Is special Morbid. It's a special Morbid. We have some directors on today, honey. Ooh. We have Emmy Award-winning directors at that Maclain and Chapman Way. They are Barillas. We have them on the show today. You might know them from Wild, wild Country or Untold. And perhaps now from Kings of Tupelo, which is a three part documentary. It dropped on Netflix back in December. I think it was December 11th.


There are probably going to be some spoilers in this episode. So we definitely highly suggest that you watch it before you listen to this. But, and it is so good. Live your life, listen to it. It's so good. Or watch it. Listen to it and watch it. Watch it. The, the order that we would love for you to do this in is watch it and then listen and then listen to it. Correct. And you know what, live your own life though. Make your own choices with a do what wild side, what you wanna do. But they were great to talk to. They were awesome to talk to. This story has crazy details. There's rice and lace letters being sent to President Obama, if anybody remembers that from I think 2013. Yep. There's a deep dark conspiracy about black market body parts. Yep.


Severed heads and freezers. And somehow that all culminates into an Elvis impersonator massive feud with a TaeKwonDo instructor as, as it usually does. Yeah. So If you, that doesn't entice you. I love you, but I don't know what's wrong with you, but I don't know what you like. Okay. I don't, I don't know what you could possibly like, but if that does entice you, keep listening. So before we get into the details of The Kings of Tupelo, we wanted to talk a little bit about how you guys got into filmmaking in the first place. It's obviously something that's in your blood, so was it something that you guys were always interested in? Yeah, it's, it's a, it's an interesting question. I think Mac and I grew up in a family that has worked in the film industry.


Our, our father was a screenplay writer growing up and wrote screenplays for films and we've had uncles and aunt to our producers and actors and things like that. And so it was kind of always around us. But truthfully, Mac and I kind of loved sports growing up. And so, oh really? We played a lot of sports and then I think as we got older and realized there was zero chance of us ever becoming professional athletes, which I, my, my, my dream is still don't, don't kill my dream. Yeah, right. There's still the chance. I'm 30, I'm a 34-year-old guy that's still got a great jump show. You're still Taught never give up. There's still things that we kind of got like obsessed with music and film and the arts and in high school and, and really kind of came to it on our own in a way.


And I was kind of studying cinematography and Mac was actually studying history at the time. And this was around, you know, 2007, 2008 and quickly realized that there was like kind of new ways to make documentary films. Like I think we kind of grew up or documentaries or kind of like the vegetables. So they were like the broccoli of the entertainment industry. Yes. And we were starting to see like more entertaining, more thrilling, more artful documentary filmmaking. And so we kind of dove in at around 2010 and kind of have been doing it ever since. Nice. Awesome. So for our listeners that have not seen this specific documentary yet, Kings of Tupelo, can you give us a brief overview of what takes place and kind of what the story is all about?


'cause there's a lot there. Yes. I think brief is probably the most important word in that question. So I'll, I'll do my best 'cause it's, it's a weird story. But basically in 2013, kind of one of our countries preeminent Elvis impersonators had been arrested for trying to assassinate President Barack Obama and had sent poison in the mail, a poison called ricin, just very potent, dangerous, rare poison. And basically a week later he was released from interrogation from prison and it had been announced that he had been framed by a, a local rival karate instructor in the town of Tupelo, Mississippi, where they're both from.


And so that's kind of the headline. We flew out to Tupelo, Mississippi, which is the birthplace of Elvis Presley in 2020. Started meeting with a lot of the characters and kind of quickly realized that there was a whole hell of a lot more to the story than just that insane headline. So our journey began in 2020, probably, I'd say is when we kind of started working on this full time. You left out so much, Jeff, you left out. You, you left out. That was a lot easy. You said the dog Don realize what a great job I did. You did your Great job. No, you really Did. I was like, that was like, that was like 4% of the documentary. Truly. I'm kidding.


It's so wild too. 'cause If you heard that synopsis or read that synopsis on the back of like a fiction book, you'd be like, that's a lot like you. That's crazy. That's a little farfetched. It's like, this is real. We always say like, if we like pitch this as the a narrative film. Yeah. Like no one would ever leave. They'd like, that's wild. Like no one's gonna Buy that. Yeah. That was our experience too. Sure. Because like we, the first time we, you know, when you go into Tupelo, you, you fly into Memphis and then it's like 90 minutes south, you crossed over the state border into, into Mississippi and like it, you're not really driving to anything like you, you know, you just kinda like go to Tupelo. It always felt like, kind of like the town from like Big Fish a little bit where it's like you kind of like go off this like eaten path to this dirt road and like you see these like telephone wires with like, everyone's like shoes like strung up and like no one really like leaves this town, but it's like a really like cool magical place.


But it was interesting like, 'cause when we first got there, there was almost an element that I was like a little nervous. I would wince when I would tell people while I was there because we kind of just by the by, by the fact that there was like seven or eight or nine or 10 of us in our film crew and we have film cameras and we had like a small production van. Like people just notice you immediately and they ask you like what you're doing there, but they're very friendly about it. It's like a very like hospitable welcome. And it almost like wince telling them, you know, like, oh, we're doing like, sorry, the 2013 presidential assassination. 'cause it's like a small town. You would think that they would like not, not that that's not, they wouldn't be that excited that the Netflix documentary would be doing something on that story.


And it felt like their reaction was like the exact exact opposite. Like they were so stoked that like Netflix, that someone was coming to town to do something like kind of involved with Elvis, but more on this like wackadoo crazy story with all these like really fascinating characters. And it was like that almost like set the tone for the whole doc where it's like, oh we can actually have like a lot of, a lot of fun with this one. It's it. And, and I think we certainly did. It was, it was cool. Yeah. That's amazing. 'cause I would assume that you probably don't run into that a lot where people are so willing to talk to you like that and especially in a small town too. Yeah, it's, I mean like, especially in la like no one wants to be on camera. Everyone's like very angry when they see cameras.


And when we got the, not only were they excited, but there are certain characters in our story who play like the quote unquote role of the villain or the bad guy. Yep. And they were like so excited by that opportunity and even relish the opportunity to, to be the, the bad guy in this story. And so we had so much fun, we quickly realized down in the south, especially in Tupelo and Mississippi, that they love telling stories. You know, they love embellishing the truth. They love heightening the truth. They're just such larger than like characters. They, they're, they're proud of their eccentricities. And I think kind of where we're from is a little bit different. People kind of hide their quirks and their weird things and it was just so much fun and so refreshing to be in the South where it's really a badge of honor your eccentricity.


And we truly had a great time hanging out with these characters and then getting to film them. That's so cool. I love the way you guys open the documentary too, where you talk about how southern people and the south in general is just so good at storytelling. 'cause immediately that documentary opens and you're like, oh, this is gonna, first of all, you know, it's gonna be a tale If you read the description and then the way it starts, you're like, this is a cozy vibe. I like this. It was our, like we always joke that that was like our version of like a legal disclaimer. It was just using, using like a William Faulkner quote. Yeah. Like, and then Steve Hall, who's our, our Mississippi Undertaker kind of just waxes poetic on on Yeah, exactly what Chap said, just like how they love to embellish stories for, for a good time.


Because it was interesting, like there was so much to this documentary that like, I think it, it took a while to make it, I think it took us like, you know, from, from like real production to finishing was at least two, two and a half years, you know, and then we had support from Netflix. So it's like, it wasn't like we needed to like rally resources. Like we went at it pretty quickly. But like to investigate like all the truth claims in this documentary, like I think would've taken like 10 years to make it easily, you know, easily. So there was kind of an element of like, when we were down there, like within reason I think we just tried to like ride the waves of these interviews and some of the outlandish stuff that was, that was being said, said to us. So When did this story first like come across your desk?


I guess I would say, was it the presidential assassination that you heard of first or was it another element of the story? Yeah, I mean, so 2013 we just had like a very faint memory, honestly just the first part of the story that an Elvis impersonator had been arrested for trying to assassinate the president. So just that headline kind of always stayed with us. And then in 2020 I kind of became fascinated with small towns and, and small towns that have these incredibly bizarre and human stories that maybe other people don't know. And I was doing research and kind of stumbled across Tupelo, which is like a world unto itself. It's just filled with Elvis statues and Elvis murals and they're kind of like the, the stepbrother to, to Graceland and Memphis with where Elvis is really known for.


And, and then all of a sudden like just researching Tupelo, I saw that the presidential assassination story, the two main characters lived in Tupelo. And so then I started reading it again, Mac and I started researching. We, we flew out there in 2020 not even knowing is it a short doc? Is it a feature? What is it? And like I said, we met Paul, Kevin Curtis, who's the main character who was arrest, initially arrested for, for trying to assassinate Obama. And, and within 10 minutes I was like, Kevin is an incredible storyteller. He is an incredible character. He's so dynamic on screen and he just has an amazing story that no one really knows about. And so that was kind of the impetus that started it all.


That makes sense. He really is such a good storyteller. He is. It was wild. And I love the storyboards that you guys kind of intertwined throughout the documentary. That's Awesome. I was gonna say that was, it was the way you guys shot this that like, you get that town, like while you watch it, like you feel that town, you get that it's like this, like it's over the top in like the best way. Like everyone is shot like so dynamically and in such like dynamic environments for who they are. Like you just got everybody. That's really cool. It was so good. Yeah, It's always awesome to hear. I mean like we're, we're less maybe like investigative documentary filmmakers and more tried like storytelling I think is, is what, and Nailed the town of Tupelo is a character in the story.


So it was important for us that it be heightened. We always said it kind of felt like a Tim Burton movie or something, A little bit of an upside down world. And it was important for us to capture that. Had a little bit of a twilight zone feel. Yes, definitely. In the best way Possible. Definitely. Very Much. And so it's always really cool to hear that that stuff resonates and, and comes through. Okay. Yeah, it was interesting 'cause even like yeah, when we went to like Kevin's camper that was like, yes, we knew like this is like a really like authentic interesting place that like this Absolutely. That kind of lives in, you know, and it was not easy 'cause we, we like to shoot with three cameras for talking ed interviews, which is like, you know, you at least need two, but three is just to get you like an extra angle If you want it.


But it, but literally like, it could only like, thank God chat. My my brother knows how to do sound because like I kind of would ask the questions, chat would do sound and run one camera. And then our cinematographer David Bolen, who just like shot so much amazing stuff in this series that he just looked so good. He was like operating two cameras at the same time. Oh my God. Just because it was, it was a tight spot. Yeah, it was okay. We, we couldn't get like an everyone in there. But, but no, Tupelo was kind of like, a little bit like one of the last documentary series we made. Wild Wall Country. There was a town called Antelope and like, it in very culturally different places. But whenever you're a filmmaker and you like get into a town and you're like, oh my God, anywhere I point the camera, it looks great.


Like it's cool 'cause it's real, it's authentic and you really get those in this league, these like small historic towns. And then tubal is cool too, just because like Elvis is just pervasive everywhere. Everywhere every street corner has an Elvis statue or an Elvis mural or like, and his like, he, he looks at you like everywhere you go in that town and such a vibe. It is a vibe. Like, and in, in a weird way, like we always felt like that that was like the subtext to the insanity of these characters was like only like the most famous person probably of all time in western civilization. Elvis Presley like came from this tanky town.


And everyone here today is like in their own kind of perverse perverted, but really like interesting fantastical way is like trying to reach that level of like notoriety, the like illusion of grande jurors are, are there. So I was, that, that was always fun to kind of play around with that stuff. Definitely. Because even when Laura said there was one thing that she said where she was like, every girl wanted to sleep with one of the El Elvis impersonators. Like growing up I was like, a coming of too was something you wanted to do. And I was like, absolutely. Like of Course. Yes. Relatable. Whoa. And she said it a bucket list. Yeah. She Said It like, it's just like, that's just what you do, obviously.


I was like, damn, she's so much fun. And Laura's a great character. She really cool. She was hilarious. She was loved her. Very honest and yeah, I, I I, that cracked me up when she said that. And not in a shameful way, but in a, in a very owned it and very prideful way. Yeah. From I was thought that's, she said everything So good.


The day-to-day is stressful, man. You got work, you gotta figure out your finances. You always have to make dinner. That's the worst part of being an adult. And some of you people even have kids. That's a lot to figure out. There's a lot of stressful things and you know, there's a lot of things on the internet about how to manage your stress, but sometimes those things just add more stress onto your plate. Like, I don't know, if I don't get in my journal every day and write about how great my stress management was, then I'm stressed about not doing that. But you know what you can do. Start your morning with Ritual stress relief. This product uses first of its kind technology to support the body's natural cortisol response. So you can take on the daily juggle. I absolutely love Ritual vitamins. I use them myself. I think they're the most effective in my opinion. And the Stress Relief bio series technology is designed to optimize the release of a trio of clinically studied ingredients to help the body manage stress. The juggle is real. Don't just respond to the stress, get ahead of it with stress relief from Ritual. Get 25% off your first month at Ritual dot com slash Morbid start Ritual or add stress relief to your subscription today. That's Ritual dot com slash Morbid for 25% off.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. A lot of times we hear about the red flags that we should avoid, but what if we focused more on looking for green flags and friends and partners, you know, the kind of friend that shows up with a coffee for you or you know, says, don't worry, we'll make even on this later. That's green flags right there. If you're not sure what green flags look like though therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. And therapy is a great place to start. I learned so much about just human connection in general in therapy. And I, you know, recommend therapy. If you know me, you know that I definitely recommend BetterHelp too. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. You can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Discover your relationship, green flags with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


Did, did I read that one of you guys used to do autopsies? Is that correct? Yeah, Lina. Okay. Yeah, I was, I'm an i I was an autopsy technician. Okay. So I guess you're always an autopsy technician. I Can I ask you a question? I'm curious Yeah. Your, your interpretation and take on this body parts black market conspiracy. Like it just strike. Were talking, talking about it. Oxy. We Were, I'm furious. We Were just talking about America is listening. Alright, America is listening. You're about to piss off half America and become the hero to hat. So just choose the side. I love, I'll take it. Decide she's the sign You wanna be off? I'll, I'll choose. I'm gonna step my toe over. It's, I can, when he said he went, like when he said he went down into the morgue and he was cleaning up and like when he said he just like opened Afri a fridge to like get a Dr.


Pepper. I was like, from where, but He, I was like, we don't have those down there. But when he said he opened it up and he saw at first he said he, you know, I saw a severed head and I saw these body parts. I was like, all right. The severed head strange. Probably shouldn't be there, but body parts in a freezer are very typical. Okay. And I was like, interesting. It would freak someone like, you know, that you have to store them. Right. You're preserving them for research. Yes. And for tissue sampling and for donations, anything like that. Interesting. I mean, we would store entire like spinal columns in the freezer or sometimes. So it's like If you opened that you'd be like, what? It would look like Hannibal Electric and And point outsider would look strange.


But for someone who has experienced Absolutely no, I was like, okay, these things get tested for diseases. Yeah. Apologies. And it looks strange, right? 'cause it's yeah. Just By itself. I was curious, this, this is an odd question, but I did, I love that we're talking to like our, the best expert on this issue on the podcast and not, and not the documentary film that we make Call next is kind of giving me joy. But I did have a conversation with someone that also worked in, I think a dental morgue is what it's called. Which I, I don't like, I guess it's, yeah, I don't know. It's like I, something that's interesting but identify teeth and people. Yeah, I guess so. Something like that. I was in New York City and he, and he made the point, but I'm curious if this was your experience where he was like, mine more was surprisingly like messier than you would think Messier in terms of like gro it's grotesque.


It can get grotesque down there. So I'm curious if that was your take or if it's like, no, like that's not how, it's not it, like it doesn't get done missed. So that's always, it's funny because I think like the Cs I effect Yeah. Has made people think that like morgues are these like high techs, right? Super pristine. Everything is like glass and like Yeah, like, and it's like we were very clean and it was cleaned every night and you know, procedures were followed and like things were taken care of that way. But it's a wreck, right? I mean it's like there's, because no matter what Yeah, it's a, It's like a car Shop or something. You're gonna have all, It's just like, so like, and and things are surprisingly like not high tech. Like when, you know Yeah.


I always tell people like when we, you have to cut the ribs to take the chess plate off and get to everything. Yeah. We would use Home Depot hedge cutters to cut ribs. Right. It wasn't like get that we had a rib cutter that was that. So they're like the orange handle like Depots. Very Interesting. But yeah, it was, there was a lot of like, lot of blood smears get on things. It's, it's not you clean up at the end. It's not Yeah. Somebody walks in there in The middle of the Day, It's gonna be right. But the most important question I think their audiences are curious about, there are no Dr. Peppers in in that. No. Alright. That no Dr. Peppers in The freezer. We got that one on good authority. All right. I can Promise you That thought of him just taking hazmat off for Dr. Pepper.


I love that so much. That was The other thing I was like, tear God. Like what a, what a choice. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, no way. Something you touched on earlier, I do feel like Tupelo is a character. It's almost more of a character than it is of a setting. So what was it like spending those nine months there capturing everything you did? The way kind of documentaries are made now is it's much more of like a factory machine where, you know, you're given two weeks of filming, you have to film all of your interviews and all your B roll and this amount of time. And I think the one really cool thing about our partnership with Netflix is they really give us like the resources and the time to go live in these places and make these documentaries. And I think when if, when you just fly into somewhere as an outsider with cameras for 10 days and then just throw people on camera and then leave, there's something like very like non-human about it.


I feel like you don't actually really get to know the people the way of life, what they do. So most importantly for us, it was just about us getting to spend time with these people, have meals with these people, sit around the fire with these people and like learn how to embrace the weirdness of their lives, but a also like honoring the weirdness and, and the humanity behind it. And so being out there for nine months, you know, it's a cliche but it does kind of become a big family with all the different subjects and you get to know their families and by the time you start filming, there just is an inherent trust. We know them, they know us. And I think it really lends towards kind of getting these more authentic and and insightful looks into these characters in their lives.


And like, it was so funny 'cause like since the documentary comes out, like yeah, there, there has been like a big reaction to like, wow, these are some like weird characters, you know? But I was always like, well like what about the two dudes from LA that chose to go spend like 10 months like waiting, like that's weirder than any like, and I was like, if they're, if they're weird that like, I think we're the weirdest of, of them all to be like a part of this. But no, like I said at the top, like they were just so welcoming in a way. Like, I literally remember the only time I think, and not that like Kevin or Laura cared about this, but it did crack me up. The only time I felt like I ever put my foot in my mouth was when you call, when when I called some someone an Elvis impersonator and like I got pulled aside and was like politely, but sternly told that they're called Elvis tribute artists.


Oh, they're not being Elvis impersonator. It's more serious than That. And I always mess that up. I was never able to really commit the Elvis tribute artist to to to memory. It's a Mouthful. You're like writing it on your hand in between takes It, it it, it's a, it's it's a wild town. Like it's, you know, we even have some sections that are a little like heavier. But, but that was like our experience there. Like Kennedy, who's Kevin's son kind of goes on a little bit of like a monologue and it was one of the more interesting interviews that I think we did. And he talks about the poverty that like, he feels like he and kids around him have, have, have kind of lived in. And it's true, it's like these towns, Tupelo has the Elvis. So that does go a long way in terms of like an economy and tourism.


And it is like a nice town. But it's an interesting experience when you start to get outside of Tupelo and you start to like drive around more in the south and Mississippi and you, you, you run into areas that are time capsules from like the 1950s and as a filmmaker that's an interesting experience, but as a human it's also, it's heavy, you know? Yeah, definitely. It's definitely you go to a town that literally is, you know, like I said, has is is kind of a time capsule, so it's a weird amalgamation, you know, but like one that was was was poetic and, and very interesting. Definitely. It's like an extended field trip to one of the coolest places. I bet. It really is. Really is. It's a good way of putting it. Also, I think our favorite part about being down there is like people get off their phones and they talk and they hang out.


Yeah. And they eat dinners and they cook. I think for us, like being from California and growing up in Los Angeles, everyone's so tied to their computers and their phones and honestly my favorite part was just like eating barbecue outside listening to s and and hearing them talk about stories was like, for my soul at least we're very, very healthy and very positive. Yeah. Just like disconnecting while reconnecting. Yeah. Seems A hundred percent. That was poetic that, oh you know, I try that nc Yeah, that was good. Where you guys are at the party with, oh, what's the senator's name who opened up the documentary? Steve. Oh, Holland. Holland, yeah. Steve Holland. Yeah, yeah. Steve Holland. When you guys are sitting with him and like his family and everything and then you go to the end with Kevin's family, I'm like, I wanna go there.


It just feels so wholesome. It really did. I know it does. It's like, like it's, and like again, we were, we were there to talk to them about a presidential assassination plot that like has that that deals with body parts that were like chopped up in a Yes. Which insane and insane. And they went right past that. They like, didn't they get, I didn't mean to cut you off Chad, but I do find, IIII, she nailed it. Like, it was just like, there's just simplicity that it is just like intoxicating, which is like, let's eat good food, let's not judge each other. Let's share a bunch of weird fucking stories and let's have a good time and let's have a beer and I, and let's do a lot of karaoke and sing a lot of Elvis songs. Oh, oh my god. I was, it was a, it was a really fun nine months for us that we spent out there.


You Must have heard so much Elvis, like so much Elvis Music. I was gonna say the nine months, how many facts did you learn about Elvis approximately that you did not Know? It was, it, there was interesting, there was a point in the documentary where I think I was like two months in at Tupelo and I was meeting a lot of people and talking to about a lot of people and I was actually tired and exhausted with how many times this had happened with people I met where they would ask me, they, they would talk about Graceland and I would be like, well I, and eventually I'd have to interject and say I have never been to Graceland. And then they would just, like, that was the ultimate like stop, like we need to go rain now to Graceland.


I book the trip. So I had to drive, I remember like driving back to Memphis, which is like 90 minutes to get back to Memphis, to go to Graceland, to, to take the tour and you know, Graceland iss cool. But those tours, I have to say that those tours were like three, four hours long. So it's like that, that was like when I, like I got my like Elvis education, I got my master's right there, got my master's degree in Elvis on, on the Graceland tour. But no Elvis like, yeah, they play as be, I mean the other cool thing is like you think you go there to be like, alright, like let's go into on an important day. Like Elvis, the day Elvis died is like typically actually like the biggest celebration day. Or obviously a birthday's big, but it's like every week there's something Elvis, right?


And like, oh, this is the week that Elvis performed his first guitar concert at Milo Middle School. Like, and then it's like, cool, we're all gonna go to Milo Middle School and like see the celebration. So I love that Elvis is everywhere, but it was fun. I don't know chapter, but he, we learned a lot about Elvis. Yeah. One of my favorite factoids that didn't make it in, and I have no idea if it's true or not, but our main character Paul, Kevin Curtis is a, has a, a foot fetish. He is, he is very into, into women's that Came across It's part of the documentary and I remember him telling me that he has it on good authority that he heard it from family members very close to Elvis, that Elvis as well had a foot finish and wow.


It just felt like it was another thing that spiritually connected him to the king and love it. And I always, and I always found that always made me laugh. And also one of my favorite images was the first time we got there, I didn't even know it was Elvis week, which is like people fly from all over the world to come. Wow. And I remember just like walking by and like passing a man in Elvis outfit, Elvis's impersonator. Then you turn the corner and you see another Elvis impersonator and then I turned another corner and I saw like an Elvis impersonator, like drinking coffee and smoking a cigarette outside the coffee shop and like these images, it was just such bizarre imagery. And then finally Mac told me that, that it's Elvis week and that's why there was literally hundreds of Elvis impersonators just walking around the town, you know, but it was like, it was like, I don't know If you see it being John Malkovich.


Yes. But there's this scene where he walks in and it's just, it's just a restaurant full of John Malco. It's like, that was, that was our experience. That's so surreal. People under what A time to arrive It's side. Yeah. No, Seriously. Yeah. So setting Elvis aside for a moment and going back to the meat of the story, which of course includes Elvis, I read that you guys typically look for three things going into filmmaking. Do you mind telling us a little bit about what they are and how they kind of applied to this story? Yeah, I think like we talked about a little bit, but we're always looking for like a strong setting, a strong location. I think especially for me, there's so much stuff on Instagram and TikTok and you see so many images that when I watch a documentary, I really want to travel to places I have not been and learn about them and learn about the culture.


So setting location is always really important to us. And no, no better place than the birthplace of the king of rock and roll. And then I think we're always looking for larger than light characters in a way. Nailed it. I've found when you have subjects who can be brutally open and honest about their wants, their desires, their insecurities, their failures, their accomplishments, that it really allows them to like hold a mirror up to the audience. And for some reason it allows us as the audience, I think, to think about our own lives and, and think and what are our desires and wants and needs. And having someone larger than life perform that role, I've just always found it makes it easier for the audience to kind of think about their own lives in a way.


And so we're always looking for like really interesting characters. And then I think we're also always looking for incredible twists and turns and stories where you do not know where they're going next. And there's kind of two types of documentary filmmaking. You have documentary films that are very like activist driven with like an an important message. And those are super important for so many reasons. I just think the only thing as an audience is you already know what the message is. You already know who the good people are, who the bad people are, and it's just a different view and experience. So for us, I think we're always looking to subvert expectations. Keep the audience on their toes. We never want the audience to think they know where the story's going next.


And so finding locations, great towns, great settings, great characters, and then a great story twists and turns is kind of like the three things I think we're always looking for.


One of my goals this year is to create a better morning routine. And for me that means actually eating breakfast before I actually head out for the day. Personally, I love a breakfast Sammy, and with Hero Bread I can focus on my health goals and still indulge in that soft, fluffy experience that I love in bread, guilt-free, like enjoying some avocado toast or even if I wanna carry that guilt-free bread life into dinner making with a grilled cheese to dip in some cozy soup. Hero Bread's products are delicious and flavorful, but have ultra low net carbs, zero grams of sugar, and are high in fiber. I made some yoy eggs. I toasted up a bagel to dip in said yolks and oh my God, it was so good. I was really shocked at how fluffy that bagel was. I felt like I was eating a tasty pillow of clouds. You would never know that. It's low net carb and high fiber bread from the texture of it. And it makes me really happy knowing that their products are loaded with fiber because so many of us are not getting enough fiber in our day. There are also monthly small batch drops of indulgent flavors like their four gram net carb bagel and new surprises coming this year. Hero Bread is offering 10% off your order. Go to hero.co and use code Morbid at checkout. That's Morbid at HE r.co.


Millions of Americans are seeing the benefits of medications like Ozempic and Zep Bound, but many of them are overpaying by thousands of dollars a year. These GLP one medications used for diabetes, weight loss and more may not always be covered by your insurance, but GoodRx can help. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx and see how you could save an average of $235 every month on GLP ones at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CBS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. And remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even If you do have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. That happens to me every single time I check GoodRx. It's always beating my copay price, which is really nice for savings on GLP one medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx, go to GoodRx dot com slash glp, that's GoodRx dot com slash glp.


And I think you like talked on something interesting too, which it's like, you know, I think we're actually at like an, an interesting time in the world of documentaries and documentary filmmaking, especially at the, the major platforms where, you know, I I I think in the last couple years it's, it's like fair to say that there is a shift toward stories that people already have some familiarity or an understanding of. And those documentaries are fascinating too that are on like, hey, you think you know this topic, but let me go ahead and subvert your expectations or present a little bit of a different side or something like that. It's a little bit of a different type of documentary. 'cause those comes with its own challenges and obstacles over the course of Chapman and, and my own career.


I think that we've tended to gravitate towards documentaries that most people, and by most people, I mean 90, 95% of people, If you stop them on the street and ask them about the 2013 rising presidential assassination story, they wouldn't really know what that story is. So they're coming to it for the first time while, while country was like that too. Like, yes, people in in eastern Oregon certainly remembered the rush niches if they were around and, and, and cognizant in the eighties. But for most people where I come from in Southern California, my age obviously had, had, had no recognition. And it's interesting because I think that those stories that have the familiarity, that have a name, that have, you know, just a little bit more name recognition usually do tend to do a little bit better on these platforms.


So I think that's the way that the industry's going. But for Chap and I, that's always like a big question mark is like, do we wanna make a story that people think that they know and and figure out how to make it interesting from there? Or do we wanna make a story that you're gonna have not zero familiarity with and hopefully you're just along for the ride for all these twists and turns. You know, That's the thing. 'cause I remember hearing of course about like the 2013 presidential attempted assassination, but it, that was the very tip of the iceberg in this story. Everything, every time I thought I knew where this story was going, it was like, nope, we're going this way now. Yeah. That, that's part of the fun, I think, or at least when I'm an audience member, like that's what I enjoy. I like being on the edge of my seat. I like thinking that okay, I know who this character is and then boom, they end up turning out to be something totally different or unexpected.


And, and we're trying to, I mean, it can sound crude, but we are trying to make entertainment. People have busy lives. There's a lot of things you can spend your time doing. I think we take the responsibility seriously that if someone's gonna sit down and press play, we feel we owe it to people to, to really give them an experience. And sometimes we do better at that than others. But that's always the goal, at least is every time you press play, we wanna make sure you know, you're going, you're going on a ride. I think you guys are in the the right mindset though, with the way you do it with like taking a story that most people will not be familiar with because I mean, personally I love those much more because I love being able to be like, I just heard this story and none of you are gonna know about it, but I need to tell you everything and now you need to watch this.


And I think it's also, I think people are starting to have an appetite for more like original and unique content too. Like slowly I think we're gonna get there because I think people are getting sick of even like, you know, the fictionalized like narrative movies that are just kind of like being redone and it's the same thing and people are looking for original stories and original content. So I think like slowly people are gonna come around to realizing that like, you wanna learn something new, like you wanna go into something totally blind. Yeah, we definitely hope so. And I think I, I am, I'm the same way you are. Like when I see something about a story I didn't know, like I'm so much more inclined to wanna call it my friends or my family and talk about it Yeah. And discuss it and share it.


And to me that's like the, the best part about doing this is talking to your colleagues at work and sharing stories about what you've seen and, and what, what, what impacted you. So I, I hope so. We, we love these kind of like off the beaten path. I so weird stories and and hopefully we'll be able to continue doing them. I think you guys are kind of definitely starting to become known for the, the weirder stories and just wild, fascinating documentaries. My our mom's certainly thinks so. She's like, oh God, what's this other one? Now she is, She wants She wants us to do like a great easy, like a, like a cooking documentary on Yep. How to make a great Yeah, You could, But you could flip it on a tent.


Totally. They discover something crazy. There's cooking, There's knives in kitchens. All right. Things can happen. Oh yeah. So what was different though about making this film than some others that you've made in the past? I think we, we kind of touched on it a little bit, but it, it quickly became clear that it was going to be impossible to like fact check or investigate a lot of these claims, you know? Yeah. And so in the beginning we were sitting there kind of twiddling our thumbs, like, what do we do here? And I just think we decided early on like, let's just fully embrace the madness and the mythology and the storytelling and it's such a part of the culture and these characters. Like let's find a way to make that a tension point of the story.


Is Kevin telling the truth? I, you know, he, the story starts early on with him finding a severed head and in a morgue in a hospital, which kind of kickstarts the whole path to the presidential assassination. And so, so much of it for us became exploring the humans inside of the story and maybe less the, the actual like true crime facts, if that makes sense. And so yeah, I think that's what made this one a little bit more difficult to make is Yeah, well it's like kind of on that point, like what Chapman and I would like, we always talked about, especially with our editor Neil, Michael John, who was like a, a big part of our character and our producer Juliana. And, and, and everyone on our team is like, 'cause we've made true crime documentaries before, but we learn like conspiracy is actually like a weird cousin to true crime, where it's like true crime, you can rely on facts and like motivation of individuals and like that is a part of the fun game of like who done it, you know?


And we've made those documentaries and we love making those documentaries. Conspiracy is like this weird amalgamation of like, well, a the conspiracy itself is super confusing, so you, but but it needs to be like accurately or not accurate, but it needs to be like comprehendible and the editing of it, right? Like it needs to be comprehendible to like a wide audience to understand what the conspiracy is. But then there's this whole side game of like, yeah, I mean this is conspiracy real or not. And then you're like, cool, that's a whole nother thing that we need to like, like kind of dive into and like balance the scales a little bit of like, maybe it's true, maybe it's not. But like, and then, and then what was weird about this is like the whole conspiracy of Kevin's conspiracy and body parts conspiracy and then like Everett's conspiracy that was above Kevin's conspiracy.


It got like quality and the sense of like, wait, what is real and, and what is not. And like, are people even understanding what the conspiracy is? So, so I feel like that was the, the, the genre of like, we made kind of a weird conspiracy comedy documentary, but the conspiracy was you did was the weird part to, to figure out was certainly my experience, but I didn't mean to cut you off Jack, but I, well like that, I don't even think we succeeded at that either. Yeah. I watch it and I'm like still confused yes. About the storyline, but I've Spent three years. But you learn something new every time you watch it because you're like, oh yes. I'm like, oh, maybe it doesn't make sense. Sense now after watching people the hundredth times, There's nothing better than a town and people with like deep, deep lore Yes.


That you can't verify. Yes. That it's all just like hearsay. A hundred percent. And it's like passed through like telephone style. That was My favorite part is like all of them would kind of share the same story, but like little details would all little different. So I was like their own fla To it, Some kernel of truth here, you know? But yep. It gets built, built upon and built upon. And for us that that was part of the fun. And I just think the other kind of hard thing about this one was like, I'm not too worried about spoilers now, it's been that for a while, but yeah. Is like the first half of the documentary is kind of made to convince you that one person committed this crime and then there's kind of like a big rug pull and a reveal that it was possibly someone else who had framed him.


And so I think we had never really seen that in a documentary before. Like, how do we convince an audience a hundred percent that this guy did it when he didn't, you know, is difficult, you know? And so that was a, a process that took us a while to kind of figure out. But like I said, I think those kind of reveals and twists and turns make it more fun. So it was difficult, but I think it made it more fun today also. Yeah. Our producer for our show, we watched it at the same time. We came into the office the next day and we're like, we're sitting here watching this and you actually forget that the man who's talking most of the time, you're sitting there and you're like, wait, how is he not in prison every now and again? But then you're like, okay, wait, but there's so much happening that it doesn't even matter.


We'll get there. Yeah. So it's like we set up the crime ruler, which is someone tried to kill the president and then it cuts to a guy swimming in his outdoor pool who did it. So we, you kind of know right away like, okay, I maybe something's maybe didn't into it or what, but then our job was like, okay, but now we're gonna convince you for the next 90 minutes that this guy most likely did do this. And I think a lot of people, the experience you did, which is like, he's not in jail, but like a lot of this is adding up and this is getting very strange. And, and then I think you learn obviously that he was framed and set up and then you get to learn and meet the new character, which was fun for us. I mean, it was funny too because you know, this documentary was almost like three parts.


It it, sorry, in terms of the production, which is like, we went and made it Paul, Kevin Curtis documentary and then this middle part was like federal law enforcement going and interviewing them because they have a whole perspective and a to Z journey themselves. And then the third partner was obviously Edward Ky who is in prison and all the prison phone calls that we did with him. But it was interesting, like federal law enforcement, without like blatantly saying it, I could tell there was a little bit of understandable sensitivity of like, listen, we do a lot of cases and of co we understand that you wanna make a documentary on the one out of 1000 that we arrested the wrong guy and we know that and we did. And they're like, you know, we're we're not sure about on the concept of this documentary because we did get it wrong and we don't want to come off as completely in that at our just, and I remember being like, I don't think that's gonna be case.


Like, I think a lot of people are gonna understand like why you made the first arrest you did. Like, at least like that's the structure of how we're making the documentary, you know? And it's been interesting because as the, since the documentary's come out, I've very, I'm never ever heard of like, oh yeah, like FBI really messed up this one. I, I think, I think everyone kind of knows the like follows the journey Yes. And gets why certainly Arrested Abre Kevin, you know? Yeah. There's never once during it that you're like, wow, like the Right, the FBI's the problem, he's just like, yeah, I get it. Yeah. I, I love it in the third episode when fbi, I agents like reluctant, reluctantly admit that it was a pretty good framed job. Yeah. I always kind of, I always kind of appreciated that That was so good.


And I love when Kevin is like, I don't even like rice. Like what are You talking about? That was the exonerating fact of the entire investigation. Yeah. Was the, The fact that it was that too, it's perfect For the document. It's like, I don't think this guy made rice. That was one of our like early on with just like pre, not pre-interviewing, but you know, it's like you go to dinner with Laura or you know, Jack the brother or Holland or blah blah blah and like, or the kids Kevin's kids and like you kind of definitely like picked up early that like how excited they got when they found out how hard it is to make Ry in because like me, I was not a biology major, so it's like Ry in, like it's nothing Kevin's int intelligence no for anyone.


But, but like they were like, I don't think any of us know how to make Rice like seeing the like pentacle compound designs and they're like the there's, there's no, there's no way. Like no, There's no way. Maybe it's the guy holding the Mensa card over. Yeah. I think it's Mensa guy over here. Exactly. That's the other thing too. I like how you guys kind of sprinkle in a little bit about Everett Dutch ski, like in part one and part two and then part three comes along and you're like, oh shit. Yeah, I remember that guy just from a little bit of parts one and two. Yeah. That's really interesting you bring that up. 'cause that was honestly like a huge discussion point for us while making this in the initial cuts, you didn't learn anything about him until, until it was revealed that Kevin had been framed.


But then it started to feel like a little cheap where you're like, okay, wow. Yeah, it's shocking but I don't know this guy at all. And Right. Really tried to sprinkle him in a few times throughout. I honestly wish we could have figured out more ways to do it. I think it, I think it would've been interesting to even have done it a couple more times, but it was a little bit like an Agatha Christie novel where you're like, yes, you have to set up the characters and the suspects and like that's actually really hard to do in documentary 'cause you can't just make things up and writing it. So but I'm glad that you pointed that out 'cause it was, it was fun to kind of find subtle ways to sprinkle in the real, the real suspect throughout, so that when it's revealed that it's him, you do have a little bit of a memory of who he is.


Yeah, It's effective. It is definitely, definitely effective.


Listen up weirdos. We gotta talk about drunk elephants, proteiny, polypeptide cream. I am straight up obsessed with this stuff. Imagine adding a protein boost to your morning smoothie for extra energy. But now picture Proteiny doing the same for your skin. It is that powerful. Just as our bodies need protein to stay strong and healthy. Our skin craves peptides and nutrients just like our bodies do. Think of it as a nourishing protein shake. But you face Proteiny is a breakthrough moisturizer that delivers daily moisture. It visibly firm and strengthens skin and it improves the appearance of skin's texture and tone, fine lines and signs of sun damage. I have incorporated this into my daily routine and my skin is feeling so nice. This is a super lightweight cream, which I really love. I'm not a super big fan of like a heavy cream. This is a gel cream that delivers daily moisture, visibly firm skin. It has nine signal peptides and I am obsessed with it. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


Going off that a little bit more, there's so many things like we're talking about everything right now. There's so many things that happened in this case and you guys really do an amazing job of connecting it all. By the end, what was the process like? Did you like lay everything out on the floor? Were you, were there things around, But one of the fun parts about this crime is that, you know, so three people got this poison in the mail. Were were victims of it. These three victims were, you know, major enemies so to speak, of Paul, Kevin Curtis, the man that was frank, which is why the FBI obviously thought it was Kevin, but what made it interesting is that you learned that these three characters were also Everett.


The guy who actually did send the isim were enemies of his as well. And so this is where it started to get a little complex in terms of like, wow, they share the same enemies. Like how can we set this up in a way and organize it in a way that audiences can kind of understand that component of it. And so, you know, we, we had note cards we had, yes we had the, the string on the walls. I remember walking in look watching Mac lose his mind 'cause he wasn't in charge of doing most of the research. And there are times where Matt would just start ranting and I was like, I'm not following anything saying. But sure enough, like I said, I think we kind of figured it out by the end, but I'm still not a hundred percent convinced that we even know all the facts of everything that happened.


I don't think you ever could. No, Totally. No, But you did do a great job of connecting It. Yeah, it's, it's easy to follow for sure. By the end of it you get what's happening. For sure. Yeah. And like Chip said, my dad was a screenwriter and he, I think it's an Ernest Hemingway quote where he said writing is rewriting. But I think that's the same thing with like editing. And that was certainly our experience was like more than other documentaries we've made, we have, we really paint the structure a lot on this one. We had, we were moving sections around like to just kind of set it up because to go a little deeper on something that we've touched on is the concept of like, hey, we wanted the audience to really think Kevin did this by the time the rug pull happens at the end of episode two, where you find out he didn't do it.


But that is as much of a plot gain plot, a, A to B2C to D on plot points as it is like a psychological descent in Kevin's mind as you feel like you real, like for someone to do a presidential assassination, make rice and put in an envelopes and mail to the president. Like, I think you really need to feel like that person is psychologically capable of wanting to do something like that. You know? And that was certainly like a big part of the editing and a lot of the aesthetic and the music and everything else that kind of went into the series is like not just explaining like yeah, how, how, kind of like how Kevin gets to this point, you know? And it's a little bit of a personal journey that, that you follow with him to go on.


But then again, the, the weirdest part of making this documentary was like, technically none of that is true. Kevin didn't do this. So, so you're kind of like always faking your way through to make it feel like he did in a certain way just to set up the gag that he didn't do it. So, which may maybe it's worth it. Maybe it was, maybe this is the stupidest documentary when you explain it. I'm like, this sounds so dumb. Yeah. I was like so stupid. Like, you guys spent three years of your life, let us do this to tell like one joke, like one joke. Like It was such a good joke though. No, it's so worth the, and he gave So much to work with. You're making us Feel better. Like Fake your way it getting slowly depressed on this podcast just like, Wait, How stupid our documentary is.


No, it's amazing. I I dedicated probably four hours total just sitting in my living room on a snow day. I was like, I think this is the best series I've ever watched. That's very nice of you. That feels good. Thank You. That was great. In the editing process, one of my last questions for you is, was there anything that didn't make it in that you wish had or that, you know, just couldn't have? There's Actually two sections that we worked on quite a bit that ended up not making the cut for one reason or the other one was that we had like a pretty interesting conversation and look into mental health and, and Kevin's mental health and how his family feels about what he's struggling with. And Kevin had like a very frank and honest discussion about medications he's he's been on and how certain medications have made him feel over the years and why he doesn't want to take certain medications.


And it was just like a really raw and honest look into it. I think for time reasons we were ne never able to quite figure out how to get it in there. But I I I thought it was like a really kind of just like beautifully honest look at at what he talks about his struggles, what that experience has been for family members. I think one of the, one of the real first reasons we wanted to make this was when we were researching, I kind of became obsessed with this Reddit thread and it was for family members who had lost loved ones to the Q Anon conspiracy. And it was just their point of view. It wasn't the point of view of the conspiracy theorist.


And it like you would read these posts and it was such a strange combination of being like really fucking hilarious and equally heartbreaking. And I'm like, this is such a odd thing because it's so easy to talk about conspiracy theorists or this and that, but when it's a wife or a husband or a brother or a best friend, that's a little bit of a different experience to watch someone you love go through this. And so that was kind of diving into not only a conspiracy theorist story, but what is it like for the people around this person was important to us. And I think the kind of conversation and the mental health really kind of played into that. I wish we could have included it, but we couldn't for time. And then the other interesting one was, you know, in 1992, Kevin, our main character had, and this is 20 years before the Rising is sent to Obama, had a standoff with the Chicago police SWAT team and had driven to an ex-girlfriend's house and entered the home with a gun and then was threatening to kill himself inside the home.


And it turned into a big standoff. And this was also a big look into Kevin's mental health and what he struggled with. And it was also a big piece of evidence that the FBI used in the presidential Righton attack to say, okay, look, this guy's unstable. This is why we believe that he did this. And so all that was like a really interesting storyline and thread that would've added I think another layer to the onion, but ended up kind of on the cutting room floor. Yeah. People thought there were too many layers to the onions already. No more layers. It was, it was unique. Like, like Steve Holland could be a character in a feature link documentary, like his story from like hundred percent.


And I know he is like a larger than life character, but he also like wielded like incredible effective power like in the Mississippi State legislator and is responsible for like an array of like unbelievable programs like for the people of Mississippi, for the state of Mississippi. And like i I, it was always like, and I, I think every filmmaker has this and, and we produce as much as we direct. So I've been on the producing side of these conversations where it's like you're with a filmmaker that's like, oh my God, I could do like six parts, I could do eight parts. Like there is a bit of a mis exploration in the state of Mississippi that to this day fascinates me. Like, and it's hard to explain unless you've gone to that state in a way, but it is like every left right turn you make every, you can take a drive, a highway, go, go anywhere on the highway.


Like it is a, the most fertile ground for like such fascinating, fascinating stories and people that I think there's a reason that, like William Faulkner was from Oxford. I think there's a reason that there's like this southern noir that like eccentricity is a religion down there that like they can tell stories the way they do and it, it was just, I almost felt like we were always having to restrain ourselves from being like, oh my God, do we go make a 15 minute documentary on this section of Mississippi? And that's kind of 10 tangentially tied. And of course you like never do because eventually you're like, Hey, we're making a Netflix documentary and you really need to keep the narrative like as tight as possible, otherwise people will click off. But it was a unique experience just spending so much time down there and just like, God, I wish we could have done like eight parts on this state and connected all these crazy pieces of information together.


You're gonna have to go back for 10 months now. I know it's calling me back. It's, I never thought, thought it would, but I'm talking myself into it right now. I do think even with the things that you didn't get to include, like that conversation with Kevin about his medical history, his mental health history, and even, you know, the incident that happened with his girlfriend, I think the conversations that you did include with one of his girlfriends and even his kids, those conversations that really shined through and kind of highlighted the, the mental health section that you didn't feel like you didn't get to put in there. Right. That's really, I feel like it was every Yeah, That's really, that's really cool to hear. Yeah, I think like a lot of it is implied or you kind of pick up on kind of naturally and I think yeah, some of my favorite sections, like, yeah, there's a lot of funny dark Larry stuff, but some of my favorite stuff was the stuff with his kids and friends and family and, and hearing about their perspectives and kind of what they've been through.


And I think it just kind of added a level of heart and humanity to the story and I'm glad to hear that even if we weren't able to include those sections, it, it still kind of is inferred and and you kind of feel it in voice. Yeah, definitely. All right, I have two questions left for you guys. One is serious and one is kind of kidding. When do you think Kevin Curtis's missing pieces is going to hit Netflix and are you gonna help him work On it? That is an ama You know what's funny is, so I remember Kevin when he sat down and told us like, listen, he's written this book called Missing Pieces. I will say that when he handed it to me, it was a little shorter than I expected. It was like, you know, I was expecting that, I was hoping for the, the tune of of, of research and it was a little thinner than that. So I was like, okay, I gotta gotta figure this out more to do.


He just, Yeah, work on it a little bit. Yeah, he's got these, he's gotta Workshop it. We need to like pump up the word count here just, just a little bit. But he was the one that said like, Hey, after all I I I'm taking him about the story. We've been interviewing him. He's like, I've come to the conclusion that missing pieces is not a missing piece to my body parts conspiracy, but it's, it's something in my personal life and it's, it's been family, you know? And so I was like, wow, that was like very poignant and, and powerful and Kevin could just charm you like that. Like, and, and, and genuinely too, like, but like a sincere guy. I'm too, but it, the whole thing started 'cause the Secret Service stole his manuscript, you know, where they raided his home and it, there was something so funny to me that like, it just feels like something he would make up or say and then it's like a hundred percent true.


Yeah, they took his hard drives and he his manuscript and, and had to rewrite it from scratch. Yeah, maybe that's why it's smaller than I expected. May, may, may, maybe the Secret Service is sitting on the, the real expansive missing pieces that's out there, the authentic one. But I remember injustice free missing pieces. I think the government released Ice and Jesus, I remember going out to dinner with Heaven's family members and I would tell them that story about missing pieces and it's not like Kevin was hiding that from them or something, but I was like, Hey, I think that like Kevin's in a spot where this is, he's like, this is where he is at right now. And I found this really beautiful and every single person I went out to dinner with said, that's, that's New York co bestseller. So that's, that's what I hope it is. Wow.


IIII hope it's a New York tax system. What a support system seller is, is I want what that family wants, but I doubt it. He's an incredible storyteller. He is. Got he a vivid imagination. He's really funny with words that I'm, I'm rooting for him. I'm, I'm hoping he can condition free missing pieces. I'm looking Out for He son needs to file a, a Freedom of information act to get the Yeah, To Get them to get the original get the big one. Yes. Somebody listening. Get on that. Go yourself. And then last question for you guys, I am so excited to see whatever you make next. Is there anything that you have in the works or anything you wanna tease or plug? The thing that we're working on right now is we are working on a, it's a big doc series for Netflix.


We were able to announce it I think on Christmas day, but like we said, we grew up with sports and we are going to do very different than s Tupelo. So I'll, I'll, I'll brief you for that. It is very, not If you, it'll be interest If you like this talk, but it is a 10 part series on Jerry Jones, Jimmy Johnson, the f basically the, the, the, the Dallas Cowboys of the 1990s and Jerry Jones' story. Oh cool. It's a big n We're partnered with Skydance on NFL films and we're doing it with Netflix. And in the sports world, this story is a bit of a white whale because Jerry and Jimmy, Jimmy was the coach, Jerry's the owner, they have an interesting backstory where they won Super Bowls together and then they went, their separate ways we're in, we're able to interview all these characters along with Troy Aikman and Michael Irvin and Emett Smith.


So it's a very sports one. We have more volumes of untold coming out, but we, we ebb and flow like sports, sports documentaries are stuff that we, we love making and there's just a huge audience for that. And it's a great part of, of the business that we do. And then once we spend a couple years doing sports stuff, we always end up gravitating back towards like kings of Tupelo or Wawa country or, or something that's a little bit more off the beaten path. But Chap any, anything else to mention? No, I just remember being like, man, it's so weird being a documentary filmmaker because we went from filming inside Kevin's camper to like the next week we were filming Jerry Jones on his private jet and just like, amazing, this is such, this is too weird.


Our lives are too strange Some yeah, but very what life? Very, very, we're excited for Dallas Cowboys. It's coming out this summer and then we're just in the early stages of researching some more strange opted beating path stories and So amazing. Well, thank you guys so much for all the extra insight. I loved Dr. Series was so much. It was great. Awesome. So much for him on. Thanks for watching and thanks for all the nice words. We had a really fun time That was so much fun chatting with them. I loved that. They were amazing. Yes, definitely. So guys, If you have not yet watched Kings of Tupelo, you gotta get on that. It's still on Netflix. It's a three part series. And still somehow, even throughout that hour long conversation with Chapman and Maclain, we really only hit the tip of the iceberg.


Oh yeah. It's gonna, it's one of those that you're gonna want to tell everybody about after you watch it. It's, it definitely is. So look out for that. We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Corey and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds, we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the Thai Cave rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines, they're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the Odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today.