
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Cava and It is Hands down The. best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best And. it is creamy. It's smooth Comes together with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites. If you know me, you know vanilla and chai I like to do half, half, boom, Vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I Know That. I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In, and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid. I love Cava.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad. Free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is a sickly movie. This is a, we both have Covid recording this Morbid this episode brought to you by the rona, this episode brought to you by germs. Yeah, so we just, we just came off of my little mini book Tour And. we came home with a present, so, and the present was, yeah, COVID.


Yeah. What? So this is, we're recording in two separate places, which we haven't done in a long, long, long, long time. It's giving like pandemic 2020 days. Yeah. When I like lived with Drew. Well, I lived with you for a little bit. Yeah. But then I went to live with Drew And. we had to zoom a nation record. I'm working on my home office, but it's not quite done yet. you know, we do what we can do here, And. we just, we weren't gonna not give you this episode. Are you kidding me? Fuck that shit. Never would we say no episode. We did wait a day. That accent was good. Sorry. That was good. How dare you not acknowledge that That was really good.


But we did wait a day to record it. We were gonna record it yesterday, but yesterday I literally was not among the living. Yeah. My covid iss not bad. Like I came up positive And I was like, wow. That's weird. I feel like pretty fine. Yeah. You're, you're the asymptomatic bitch. I've never had covid asymptomatic, so That's cool. It's weird. It's weird to have an asymptomatic. Yeah. 'cause I feel fine, but I'm not allowed to go anywhere. Yeah. I feel like it's you on the other hand, Elena FaceTimed me yesterday and I'm usually one to like, make people feel better. Yeah. I think I, Mikey That wasn me, Mikey and Elena FaceTiming And I audibly gash. When she answered, she went, oh my God, I've never seen you look so sick.


I was the sickest I have ever been yesterday. I feel still terrible today, but I feel much better than I did yesterday. You look a million times better. When I opened the Zoom, I said, there she is. Thank God. That's the sister I know. That wasn. Really? That wasn. Scary shit. We were working with yesterday. That wasn. Real rough. That wasn. Really rough. Yeah. But it's rough. But you know what, here we are. I'm rallying. I'm in a place called Space. Yeah. So what we, what we're doing for you today is we did, so I covered the DeFeo murders last time, which were horrific and terrible and tragic. And, we gave you a little bit of the how.


you know, his lawyer William Weber there was claiming that there was voices that were telling him to do it in the house. Just a little sneaky peeky into what was to come y. 'cause William Weber really, he's really the mastermind behind the, at least the nugget that made this happen. And today we're gonna cover the am Medieval Horror Conspiracy. Oh man. It's a conspiracy because for a long, long time, That wasn considered true. Like completely true. Yeah. I grew up thinking this was like real me too. Real as fuck. And the thing is, I think there's truths in there, but it has been exaggerated to such a degree.


Like, they didn't just go into this thinking like, let's make a a crazy horror story and we'll pass it off. As true. They took it into such a place that I was like, how would you ever think no one would question some of these things. The bleeding walls is where they lost me. Yeah. Even as a young youth, I was like, I've never seen that. Yeah. And it's like, and what's crazier is, I think we covered a case That wasn, like a case I of course. I can't recall where That wasn, oh, I know exactly what you're talking about. The house bled. It's literally called the Bleeding House. My dad sent it to me. I think That wasn a Patreon episode that we did. Yeah. We're gonna then, you know what, maybe we'll revive it again because we should.


It's a very interesting one. 'cause that one, I, I kind of believe that actually. Okay. So I said they lost me with the bleeding walls 'cause Amityville did. But I completely believed this other, other couple Yeah. With the bleeding walls, because their walls were, I think they were bleeding less intensely. Yeah, I think so. It's all about the, the, the level of blood with which you get, there's a few things in this story that you just say, you took it too far. You took it too far. Yeah. And in the end, we'll see what happens here, And, we will see the possible reasons for this be going the way it went. But again, money. Exactly. But again, I think that given what happened in this house, there's gotta be something going on in there.


For sure. Yeah. I'm sure there's like leftover residual bad energy. So let's start off in 1975. Shall we? I love the seventies. So we fucking shall, let's go newlyweds. George and Kathy Lutz started looking for a home for themselves. And Kathy's three kids from a previous marriage. Lovely. She had Daniel who was nine years old. Christopher, seven years old, and Melissa, five years old. Little youths, little youths, little babies. George needed to stay in the Long Island area because he was the owner of a Long Island surveying company. So really, That was the only criteria.


That was like non-negotiable was that they needed to stay in the area. Okay. Other than that, they really, other things they had on the list of like, things they were really looking for was they really wanted to be on the water. And they also needed the house to fall into their budget of 30,000 to $50,000. Was that a lot for back then? Yeah. Like, well, it wasn't a lot, but That wasn house money. Okay. Back then, you know. Yeah. Like That was, right. Now, we look at that And, we go, holy shit. I'm like, I don't even think you could buy like a used vehicle for that. No. Probably not now. But in 1975, you could definitely buy a house for that. Get a nice waterfront property. Could you conceivably get the Amityville house?


No. Yeah. No. Which is interesting. So, and again, remember that's their budget. Okay. 30 to $50,000 was where they had to stay. Okay. So by the time they decided to check out the little town of Amityville, George and Kathy had actually already seen about 60 or so homes in their price range. Damn. Yeah. You guys gotta pick one. Yeah. I, I say this all the time 'cause I have one of my children has my husband's inability to make a decision where they get like paralysis about deciding about things. And I always tell her, I'm like, you could look forever for the right thing and you'll never find it and you'll, you'll never, because you'll always be thinking that there's something else out there that's better than this one thing that you chose.


You gotta make a decision and you gotta stand strong in your decision. It's like wedding dress shopping. Once you find the one stop looking, stop looking. That's your best advice that you gave me. Yeah. 'cause I'll, you'll always keep thinking there's something just a little bit better that you haven't seen yet. And If, you have that mindset. You're gonna just keep finding that something better and then you're just gonna drive yourself sane. Yeah. And you'll never be happy with what you choose. So it seems like that's what happened to George and Kath here. Yeah. I'm like, you guys gotta stop. But none of these other homes were really singing to them enough for them to even consider putting in an offer. So they hadn't even put in an offer. Okay. Because of this. George really didn't have high hopes, wink, wink, nudge, nudge when, 'cause they had that sign out there that said, high hopes what?


I was like, huh. He didn't really have high hopes when he called the Conklin Realty office in Massapequa Park. But the realtor on the other end of the line, Edith Evans, told George that, you know what, you're in luck because a new house just came on the market and it is a little outside of your price range, but it really meets your other needs. And I think you should at least look at it. Okay. Now, interesting that it's out of their price range, because it seems like That was one of their like main things was they were not coming outta that budget. They really couldn't. Yeah. So like, why even look at this one if it's outside of your price range? Oh, sometimes it's just fun. But it's not 'cause you can't afford it.


So it's like you, it's really terrible, but also fun. Yeah. But it's like you can't have it. So the house at one 12 Ocean Avenue, does that address sound familiar from last episode? It did seem to meet the Lutz's needs. And then some really That wasn, an old Dutch colonial, it had a massive yard, an enclosed porch with a wet bar. Ooh. It had a heated swimming pool. Oh motherfucker. Right. It had more than enough room for the kids and That wasn on the water and even had a dock and a boathouse. Damn. I didn't realize it had a boathouse too. Oh yeah. The DeFeo FAOs were very, very wealthy.


I guess. So. Now of course as Edith Evans had already worn them That wasn out of their price range at $80,000, remember their budget is between 30 and 50. It's like more than double, more than double their price range. Yeah. I was like, why even bother looking at this? Like yeah, that's, that's not a great real estate agent. No. That's way outside of your price range. But there was no denying that That wasn an absolutely beautiful property and exactly what they were looking for when they set out to buy a house. So they had to consider it. Alright. When Edith told George the price over the phone, they expected to find it, you know, in badly need of repair, to be honest. Or have some other expensive defect.


Because although That was way out of their price range, That wasn much lower than what that house was worth. It sounds like it. Like when Yeah, when they saw it, they were like, what? Like this is $80,000. It's fucking massive. It's got a boathouse, it's got all the shit. Even that's when you ask who died here. Exactly. Exactly. And That wasn even coming furnished. Wow. Yeah. Oh, that's when you absolutely ask who died there. Because what's even crazier is it had been on the market for nearly a year and no one had put in offers on it. Okay. That's what, no, I'm just kidding. No, that's when you say there's many red flags being thrown up here, it's like the TikTok guy running around with the giant red flags.


Yes. If it seems too good to be true, it might be too to be true. So when George asked about, you know, the relatively low asking price and you know, the lack of interest for about a year on this thing, the realtor, you know what, she didn't, I gotta give it to her. She didn't bother to dance around the reality of the situation. She wasn't like, well, you know, she was like, yeah. So in November of this year, 24, or of last year, excuse me, 24-year-old Ronald DeFeo Jr had snapped one night when room by Rome shooting and killing all six members of his family with a 35 caliber Roy Ferrell Inc. Including small children. Yeah. She was like, so, so that's why I would've ran for the fucking hills.


I would've gone. Yeah, okay. Well we're looking at house number 62 today. Yeah. you know what? And she even let them Know That at the trial, Defaseo's lawyer said that the young man was insane when he committed the murders. And for months that he had been hearing voices in the house telling him to kill. And you know, that there was all the tales in the town. Like, you know, everybody had their own little like myths and legends about the house. Now that the house is what made 'em do it. Of course everyone in New, York and perhaps even the entire country at this point had heard of the murders. So she was like this, you know, this is the house. Like, you know, you know murder, you're gonna hear about it. You definitely know the house. She actually, she was like, what?


That wasn actually strange to her that they didn't recognize the house. Yeah. Because That wasn everywhere. And If, you guys remember the original Amityville house has those very iconic windows that look like eyes. Yep. They're, they're not there anymore. The new owners have since taken them out so that it will not be as recognizable, which good for them. Yeah. But yeah, she was like, you know, it's like very iconic looking house. I'm actually surprised that you, you've never seen this and that you didn't know what you were walking into. To be quite honest. Right. And what's even wilder is if either either of the Lutes had been playing, paying close attention when they walked through the house, they would've noticed there was a scarring in bullet holes that remained from the murders.


Are you serious? Yeah. Fuck that. There was even some faint chalk outlines from the ongoing investigation into the murder still in the house. No. Yeah. You gotta run. Yeah. And meanwhile they're like, where do we sign? Yeah. Like that's at the, so to Edith complete surprise, George and Kathy insisted the Holmes recent tragic and gruesome events quote weren't something that would bother them when it came to choosing a house. Which like, okay. I'm like, so what does bother you? What's on your note? What's on your column list? What's, what's your like boundary line non negotiables gonna puffs, do you have them?


And here's the thing I can understand, like the new owners of this house, like the owners now. Yeah. you know, so much time has gone by. That's the thing I can understand. There's a little bit of distance, you know, like it's, it's history. History has happened and that house, it's tragic, awful history. But yes, it's history. But to do it within like the same year, I feel like that's like, I don't know. I feel like the energy, 'cause you And I have said it walking into, you know, the SK Pierce mansion and especially walking into the Lizzie Borden house. Lizzie Borden house has an energy you can't describe. And That was how long ago? Hundreds of years ago at this point. Hundreds. Yeah. So it's like, I don't understand how this house within that year didn't have the most dark and heavy energy.


I'm sure it did. And I feel like it had to. Do you think like obviously we're gonna get there and in the story where it kind of comes out that they were big fakers, do you think they were looking for something like this and they, they knew about The, Amityville Horror? I don't even think they were looking. I think That wasn just a happy accident. Yeah. That they were able to And I think once they, I think they knew when they went into this house what That wasn. Okay. Like I don't think they were, they were ignorant to the fact that this was the DeFeo house. Yeah. I just like with all the news coverage and everything and having been so soon. Yeah, I know. And they were in New York. I just don't buy it. Yeah. They're in New York. I mean, come on. Yeah.


That's the thing. I mean, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe they didn't know, but they definitely rolled with it, that's for sure. Yeah. I can't say it's something I would do. No, definitely not. But I'm huge on energy. So Yeah. Now they, they told Edith, you know, it's not a problem. They said neither of them were particularly religious. They weren't really believers in the paranormal. So the murders, while very tragic and upsetting, they just said That wasn kind of just historical fact at this point. That wasn like historical fact within the year. Yeah. Despite being astronomically outside of their budget, they couldn't deny that the house was a bargain for what? That wasn and ex That wasn exactly what they were looking for. So George and Kathy put in an offer at the asking price, plus they added an additional $400 for the furniture.


Wow. I know. Which was accepted by the seller. And On December 13, just weeks after Ronald DeFeo was convicted for the murder of his entire family in that house, George Ka and the kids moved into the Amityville house setting into motion a chain of events that would forever change. Not only the Lutz's lives, but the entire town of Amityville. Even today, you know, they're probably like, fuck off. Yeah. And medieval is literally like, fuck you lu. Because like we said, it's like a really nice area. Like a It is, it's like a quiet coastal town. Yeah. It's a little seaside town. Like very cute, very sweet. Right. Very, very cutesy. Cutesy in the area. Very to New York and That wasn not part of that five.


No. Now as George Ka and a small collection of friends were unloading the trailer and moving things into the house, the couples priest, Reverend Ralph Raro arrived to bless the house, even though they said they weren't religious. Thank you. Because, so neither George nor Kathie considered themselves particularly religious. They did attend church on a fairly regular basis. And the reverend, according to them, had been helpful to them when they were getting married. Like they, he, he had been like part of their whole like marriage process, which to me is religious If. You If you have a priest on call, like your priest on call.


You are somewhat religious a hundred percent. So like, maybe I'm wrong, I don't know, but I'm like, I don't have a priest on call. So I don't And I consider myself not religious. Same. But I feel like if you've got a priest, there's a little nugget of religion in there. If. you have one If, you have a priest on call. If a priest helped you throughout your wedding process and then a priest is coming to bless your house that you just bought. Yeah. Wake up religious. You're religious and that's fine. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. Like do you, it's just weird to say you're not when you very clearly are. That's, that's part of the strangeness of the lutes And. we, and it gets even stranger when it comes to this priest as we'll see.


I bet. I bet. Yeah. So, you know, of course they said they were gonna have their priest, even though they're not religious, come bless their new home. Like why would they? Yeah, totally. And you know, according to them, Reverend Raro was more than happy to bless their new home. But when the day finally came, according to all the reports, he couldn't shake this feeling of just like yuckiness, like unease that had been with him since he'd woken up that morning. Well yeah, you know that you're going to a house where a family was just brutalized. I mean that'll do it, do it like would wake up feeling a little funky as well. The same, he said the feeling stuck with him through his lunch appointment with friends.


But he was still there when he, you know, when they pulled in the driveway, he arrived. He just decided, you know, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna do it. So he knocked on the front door, they let him in, he went room to room conducting the blessing ritual, which included like, you know, flicking holy water around and you know, know uttering prayers kind of thing. Like everything we've seen of like somebody blessing something, you know? Sure. The ritual was one he'd conducted a billion times for parishioners over the years. Like this is a very normal thing that people do. Yeah. So he'd done it a ton of times. That, wasn, almost like muscle memory at this point. you know what I mean? It's a very, that he knows how to do it. He's got a lot of experience. But he said this time was different.


'cause when he entered one of the rooms upstairs, which he later learned was John and Mark DeFeo Theo's room. Yeah. One they shared together. He flicked the holy water, started saying the prayer. And all of a sudden from behind him, he heard a deep voice of a man clearly say, get out. I would leave. Yeah, I would, I would do that. I mean I think that's very thing. Yeah, I think that's, I mean this person is telling you, get out. I think it's time to get out. Bye. I would leave. I literally don't come back. Ask me twice. You don't need to say it twice. Uhuh. So it startled him. So he whirled around not knowing what to expect, but no one was there. So he was like, oh.


So he left that room immediately and quickly finished the blessing the other rooms of the house. 'cause he was there to do a job. So he is like, I'm gonna finish it, but, and he's like, and obviously this house needs the blessing because that just happened. Yeah. So then he all but ran downstairs towards the door and George and Kathy thanked him for coming. And they were like, oh, do you wanna stay for dinner? But he was like, no thank you. I have other plans by, and he just left. The priest said, fuck that. Yeah. He said, absolutely not. Good luck. So as they walked out to the car, the reverend mentioned that he'd recently learned the house had been where the notorious DeFeo murders happened. And to his surprise, he said, George just said, yeah, like we knew it when we bought the house.


Like it's fine. He's like, that's why we figured That wasn such a bargain. So it worked out for us. And he was like, oh. He was like, thought he jokey. He said, two thumbs up. Yeah, that's totally fine. We knew that. So they just kind of chatted for a bit about the tragedy before Raro got in his car and left without telling them what had just happened in the bedroom upstairs. Ugh. So he didn't say it to him. You gotta tell people when that shit kind of happens. You gotta let 'em know. you know, and just for good measure. Now, according to George and Kathy Lutz, things started happening almost immediately after they moved into the house and had it blessed. Okay. On November 19th, or excuse me, December 19th, George was woken up at three 15 in the morning by a very loud knocking at the front door.


Ew. So he was like, why the fuck is someone at our house in the middle of the night and why are they knocking like that? And he sat there and kind of listened for a minute. And then he was like, wait, it's not coming from the front door. But he said, That wasn coming from somewhere off to his left in the bedroom. Like he couldn't figure it out like somewhere else in the house. Yeah. So he got outta bed and he started investigating the rooms on the second floor and he assumed one of the kids was up like making noise or something. Yeah. But he checked and all the kids were asleep. Ugh. So he had just entered the sewing room, which was across from the main bedroom, which was this room. The sewing room was John and Mark DeFeo, Theo's bedroom. Okay.


And he said as he was in there looking around, something outside on the lawn caught his eye. Okay. So from the window upstairs, George could see that something was moving outside by the boathouse. He said it looked like a person, but like also not a person. That wasn vaguely the shape of a man. But he couldn't tell any features. He was pretty far away. So he called out of the window, Hey, who's there? No call the police. And the commotion caught the attention of Harry, the family's dog, who started trailing the shadow through the yard. 'cause he was like, I'm gonna fuck you up. Yeah. So George, George called out again and this time instructed Harry go get him.


But the dogs was on a leash. Like a was tied up. So he couldn't get as far as the, the figure was. Yeah. So George went downstairs to investigate further, but after a few minutes he was like, I can't find it. Whatever. That wasn is gone. So he tried to go back to sleep, but he honestly couldn't go back to sleep. He was just laying in bed worrying about whether he made a mistake buying this house. Essentially


Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season from sofas to spatulas and everything you need for holiday hosting like festive cookware, cozy bedding, and holiday decor galore. Honey, the holidays can be stressful, but Wayfair makes it super easy to get your home holiday ready so you can make your home way more you at a price that works for you. I got these super cute, it's actually a set, it's a set of holiday plates. They're called the Lennox Holiday Dinner Plate. And they just have these really like vintage vibes that I was looking for. I love a vintage holiday decor moment. And I found that so easily on Wayfair. I literally typed in holiday plates and I'm not joking you. They were the first ones that popped up. Wayfair has absolutely everything your home needs for the holidays. Beyond the holiday plates. They have holiday decorations, they have cookware, even If. you have family staying with you. You can decorate your guest room they're staying in and make that cozy and holiday esque with their cozy holiday bedding. I'm obsessed with all of it. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's Wayfair wa YFAI r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Let's face it, after a night with drinks, you don't bounce back the next day like you used to. And I don't either. You have to make a choice. Either have a great night or a great next day. That's what I thought until I heard about Z biotics. Pre-Cool. Their prebiotic was invented by PHD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. This is a proactive solution that wards off feeling miserable the next day. Instead of a reactive approach like drinking electrolytes or eating greasy food, which I used to do, I kept hearing about pre-Cool. And wondered what That wasn actually like. And now that I've tried it, I believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, they will release different products that help address toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to zio.com/ Morbid to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Morbid at checkout z biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/ Morbid and use the code Morbid at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


I would call the police and have them like check out the area. Thank you. You're welcome. This is literally when I always have issues here. At this point I'm calling the National Guard and being like, there's a shadow figure outside of my, but like fuck that help. I'm never going back to sleep. Yeah. When that whole thing, it's not happening. When that whole thing happened where That wasn like That wasn like three or four o'clock in the morning and That wasn like the middle of a blizzard. And I.


I talk about it on the simply safe ad If. you guys listen to the ads? Yeah. I got like a knock on the door between like three or four in the morning and it happened like consecutively until like 6:00 AM I called the fucking police. Hell yeah. And they checked out very fuck that. And they found nothing but footprints. How fucking terrifying is that? I hate that so much. I bought a SimpliSafe the very next day, baby. Hell yeah. Fuck that shit. But yeah, like, why would you not call someone? That's the thing. Like you're not, and this is, I mean, it's 1975, so I was gonna be like, get a fuck it security system. I don't know how badass they were back then. So, I mean, at least it's something. I mean, you have a, did they even have them back then? At least you have a dog. Dogs will fuck people up.


That's true. Especially when he, he was able to say, go get 'em. And Harry was off to business. you know, to be able to be in a place of sen. Boy, I'm obsessed. Oh yeah. It's the best. Where we already have Sid and Blanche on, like, they're the sweetest pups. And then when we say, get it, they'll, they'll fuck you up. They'll get it. And they're, they're Bingham. So they, they pick boys. It's a nice feeling. It's a nice feeling. They, they were gonna fuck up a coyote the other night. I was like, God, don't do that. Come back in. Yeah. No, we, we don't need that. No. We made them come back in. 'cause we're like, do not attack a coyote police. But they had zero fear. They were like, fuck that. That's their family.


That's their family. They're looking out for you. Yeah. Those, those are my bitches right there. Literally. Quite literally. Yep. Quite literally. But when he said he just like went back upstairs and tried to go back to sleep, I was like, no. Also, how do you just, how do you go back to sleep after that? Like, I don't, I don't know. No, and he didn't. I mean, he was definitely up all night. So, but it's like you have three kids in the house. There's no way I could sleep after that. Yeah, no. So in the days after that, there was obvious like tension that started forming in the house that Kathy couldn't explain. She said from the moment she had introduced George to her kids, 'cause he's their stepfather. Right. They had all gotten along very well. Like, they loved him.


He loved them. Like, since they got married, he, they had on their own volition started calling him dad. Wow. Like they That wasn a good fit. Yeah. But ever since they moved into the house, George's appreciation for the children, we'll say, had been wearing thin. Oh no. And he'd started losing his temper with them a lot. And he'd never ever done this before. According to Ka, had he lived with children before he had, I guess they had been together a lot. Like, you know, they had, he had never lost his temper, like, or shown an inclination that he would lose his temper with them. I'm like, neither did some of my stepdads until we lived with them.


That's so awful. But Well, and he started referring to them as brats to her. Oh. Which he never did. Like he never did that. I'd square the fuck up then. Oh, that's, that's the thing. So, and then he called them misbehaved monsters. Who wouldn't listen? He called them unruly children. Who much must be severely punished. Oh baby, baby. When I tell you this man would be in fucking orbit at this point, I'd be like, get the fuck outta my family. Get the fuck outta my house. Yeah. I'd be like, you can go live with the shadow, man. Bye. Yeah. You go live in the boathouse, sir. Like, see you later. Yeah. No, your kids come first.


Yeah. Like, fuck If. you Know That. Somebody's talking shit about your kids. Yeah. Uhuh. No. you know the sound. It's Christopher Walken on TikTok when he says, you're talking to my guy all wrong. Yes. Do it again. I'll stab you in the face with a soldering iron. That's you. That's, that's my energy. Yes. So when it comes to the kids, you're talking to my guy all. Yeah. Now again though, they recognize that this was a, a big change in behavior so much. It wasn't like a change. Like, oh, I guess he's just getting used to living with kids. That wasn. Like, who is this man? Mm. Like unrecognizable. Yeah. An unrecognizable man. Even George started to notice a change in everyone's personality.


Especially his and author Jay Anson, who wrote a book on this subject that we'll link in the show notes. He said, That wasn not a big thing. Just little bits and pieces here and there. So That wasn, like That wasn a big change in his personality. But That wasn, like they, it would come in small bits gradually. you know, like it wasn't an overall change. It would suddenly like start rolling out. Yeah. Like there was that big cha That wasn, like big chunks of changes, I should say. Like a big change in his personality with the kids. So that happens all at once. Okay. But nothing, nothing really else. So he's still the same George other than that. But then a few days later, he was always very meticulous when it came to his hygiene. He was a very clean man.


He kept himself together. We respect that. He stopped. Yeah. But then a few days later, not only is he being shitty about the kids, but now he's being shitty about the kids and irritable. And he's also not shaving or showering every day. And he would go days without going into his work, like his office. But he's irritable. He smells bad and he's getting lazy. Yes. That's no bueno. Get outta here. So before they moved in, George had planned to move his office into the house. But now that they were all moved in and unpacked, he just abandoned that plan. He just wasn't doing anything. Okay. Now George wasn't the only one experiencing strange shit in the house or like, you know, a change. Kathy was also starting to experience things.


But as she was starting to see and feel things that were like offputting. Okay. Now, a few days before Christmas, Kathy was standing in the kitchen writing out a list of gifts that they still needed to buy for people. When she felt someone or something, according to her, come up from behind and embrace her. Okay. I'm not mad at it now. She wasn't startled. She said she weirdly felt comforted by the presents. Huh. And she said it seemed to reach out and take her hand very gently and gave it a soft pat like her mother used to do when she was young. Oh wow. So that's kind of beautiful, huh? I know. I'm like, was that like, you know, the mom maybe.


Was that Mrs. DeFeo or don't Some people I, I don't wanna get there before you do, but don't some people think that there's a portal. Oh yeah, sure. So maybe her mom, mom passed through or something. Like, can you find her? Yeah. you know, there you go. Who knows. Yeah. So the illusion though was broken by the sound of Chris calling from the other room screaming for his mom to come upstairs. So the boys were in the upstairs bathroom looking down at the toilet bowl and Kathy looked in and saw that the bowl was entirely black. Ew. Like it had been painted black. Okay. Almost like that's how black That wasn. So she flushed the toilet several times, but it stayed. Ew.


So she was like, I'm confused about this 'cause I just scrubbed the bathroom a few days earlier. Everything was spotless. The toilet did not look like this. Yeah. She was like, what the fuck? From down the hall, Kathy could hear her other son Danny yelling for her to come quick to the other bathroom. Danny was in the bathroom off of his parents' bedroom to get cleaning supplies to try to help clean that, that toilet bowl. But when he went inside, he saw that that one was completely black too. And That wasn emitting a foul odor baby, you got a septic problem. That's what I'm saying. So the stench was so bad that it forced them out into the hall and they started yelling for George, who noticed the smell as soon as he got to the second floor landing, That wasn that bad. Oh, gross.


So they ran from room to room opening all the windows. But when Kathy got into the sewing room, which again was John and Mark DeFeo Theo's bedroom, she was stunned to find that both the windows were covered with black house flies. I would vomit. And it wasn't like a few flies, That wasn like covered. Ew. Now it's not crazy for a New England home to have problems with flies. Yeah. Like we all can confirm that we all get flies. Even if you're the cleanest house in the world during the summer, yes you're gonna get flies, but not that many. It's just the way, it's not to like cover all your windows. Well, and also remember this is the dead of winter.


Oh right. This is December. Right. You shouldn't be having a problem with flies. Ew. They're pretty dormant in the winter and like dead. Yeah. Like and dead and like not alive. Yeah. So things escalated from there. Within a few days, 5-year-old Melissa began frequently mentioning that she had a new friend named Jody. And Kathy asked her daughter one afternoon, is that one of your new dolls? And she said, no, Jodi's a pig. He's my friend. No one can see him but me. The way my entire body just got covered in goosebumps. Yeah. That's when you throw the whole kid away, you say, you know what? The whole kid away You are such a little sweetheart.


But we have two others who are also pretty great. Yeah. So I gotta give you the boot, babe. you know what, you've ran out your welcome here. Oh. So one evening, as George was putting Melissa to bed, she started talking about Jodi. And George was like, oh, okay. Like where did your friend go? And she said he'll be right back. He had to go outside for a minute. So like Kathy George was assuming that Jodi, you know, was Melissa's new imaginary friend, which isn't alarming for kids to create, especially at that age. Yeah, no. And they'll get very like serious about their imaginary friends. They'll tell you where they are, what they're doing. Like you're sitting on my new friend, you know, like that kind of thing. Oh yeah. Luke Skywalker back in the day.


My boy. Yeah, your boy. Exactly. Naughty skeleton tone. But I had naughty Martha who did all the things that I did. You did not do. I just it on her. But that's so it's like, it's weird and alarming when it happens. But also not because you're like, this is a kid thing. It's a very normal stage of development. Yeah. So at this point George and Kathy are both thinking that Jodi's a new pig friend that she's got. Sure. But that night after he tucked her into bed, Melissa all of a sudden said, there he is daddy. And pointed towards the window. And he was like, oh, okay. So he is like, I'm gonna look. So when he look turns to look, he said he saw two fiery red eyes staring at him through the second floor window.


Well yeah, bye bye. And she said, that's Jodi. He wants to come in. I'd say he has to sleep outside tonight, unfortunately. Yeah. He has to sleep outside forever. Eternity actually. That's just where Yeah, he's a pig. He likes it out there. Oh yeah. And he, she was not afraid of Jodi, that's the thing. Like there was no fear. She was excited. Well, kids learned to be afraid. There's Jody, that's the thing. Yeah, there's, there's my boy Jody. Yeah. My little pig friend. He wants to come ins. Let my guy's go. Let guy in, let let my guy in. You're talking to my guy. All wrong. So he was like, okay. No. So he was like, I'm gonna say goodnight.


He'll find his way in I guess. Bye. So over the course of their time in the house, the attacks on the lutes, you know, went from unseen forces and then all of a sudden and that you can almost like believed that That wasn energy. There was energy that maybe they were hearing things, maybe you could see something outta the corner of your eye. Like that kind of thing. If they had just stuck with that, I would've been like, probably, yeah. Yeah, a hundred percent. Like I probably would've believed that. Yes. But then it start, and even this, it like the ephemeral stuff, like going from like smelling foul odors kind of thing. Yeah. Like I even that I can get, I believe in that because I feel like there's like science behind that.


Yeah. And and it's like you can even go with the infestation of flies and the disembodied voices, that kind of stuff. You're like, I, I believe that that could have probably happened. And then it started getting physically assaultive and this is where I am, I'm out. This is where I get, and it's not because I don't believe that you can be physically assaulted. I'm in the way that they were. Okay. I don't know though. So I don't, I don't know a lot about the ways that they were physically assaulted. I know like the big things in the case, like the bleeding walls and the flies and the priest and all that. Yeah. I told, I agree with you. I believe you could be physically assaulted, but I'm interested to hear how they were.


So one evening everyone's asleep and they claim to have been woken up by knocking sounds that quickly escalated to the point that That wasn so crazy that the windows cracked and the doors were blown off the hinges. Okay. About, unless it's a hurricane. I don't know if I believe you. Yeah. Like let's says you really had me going for a minute there. I'm, you lost me here. It's the window. you know what, it's the windows cracking. I would believe that a door got blown open. 'cause like I've seen that shit. Oh no, it didn't get blown open. It got blown off the hinges. Oh, sorry. By no. Yeah. Like, oh, you tell me a door got blown open for sure.


Yes, absolutely. Off the hinges. Blown off the hinges. No hurricane in sight. No. Nah. Yeah. So also, so that happened. And then even though George is slowly sink into becoming a feral human being at this point, he's also finding himself constantly freezing in the house or hate that could not get warm. And he would spend hours every day just sitting in front of the fire trying to get warm. Oh, I don't like that at all. Yeah. So this, this next one is the one where I say, well if the, if the door's blown off the hinges and the window's cracking didn't make you go, huh?


Then I feel like this one probably should. Okay, let's go girls. So one night in January when they were sleeping, Kathy and George, you know, were suddenly woken up because Kathy was lifted off the bed by an unseen force and George watched her be carried off into the direction. Sorry, she can't even get through it. She said, she said, I'm not there. I'm just picturing watching John be like, bye. Hi. Oh no, that's silly. Oh you just funny. That's silly goose shit.


I just can't. So she got carried off into the direction of the closet. In the closet. They had not found a use for this closet apparently yet. I don't, it's a closet. It's some fucking clothes in there. I don't know. You should use it as a closet. Put your shoes in there. I guess. So. I'm crying. So I don't know what happened here. Apparently she just got, that's it. She got carried off to the closet. And I the next day. So apparently they dropped her and she was fine. She just the next day did just stay there. George went over to investigate, said closet because his wife was carried off into the wild blue yonder over there.


Sure. So he was like, I should, I should see what's going on over. I love that. There's no additional detail of that night. Just she got carried over to the closet and then the next morning he went to check it out. I'm like, what about the in-between time? Did you, did she get up off the floor? Did you help her? Did you, did you stay the night there? Did she get picked up again? They was she yelling? I need so much more detail. She stayed the night there. Was she scared? Was she crying? I would cry, probably. I would cry. Did you just go back into your bed after that and you're like, Whoa. That was crazy. What a ride. Hello? I'm crying. I was watching Scooby do last night and that is giving major Scooby do vibes.


Oh. You like all I, all I wanna hear is like them pulling the mask off of somebody in the closet. You meddling kids or just like when they like run really quick. Like the, like I wanna hear that with, with the vision of Kathy. Oh my God. All the way that for some reason the vision of that. Just like send me, no, that's good. I could not stop laughing. That's good shit. And he goes and investigates the closet and he found that just beyond That wasn a hidden room that didn't appear on any of the plans or blueprints I that he'd seen when he'd went to the Amityville Historical Society. I would be over the moon. I'd be psyched. You have a hidden room. Hidden room.


How fucking fun is that? I'm out here trying to convince John to add a hidden room onto our house. I think you should. Yeah. I want one. And it could be a speakeasy. It's my dream. That's my dream. I'm like, I'm an adult. Yes. I should have a hidden room. Hello. I need more room for activities. That's one of my goals in life is to have a hidden room. Oh, do it like behind your bookshelf. Right. That's big. Like you, you pull a book and a door opens and then it's just like a room. I don't even know what that room is for. They do that shit on like weird, like home shows all the time. I think you should do it. They do. I want to. So we're gonna convince John of that. Oh yeah. I'll be over soon. So I'm like, so what was the like reason for all?


So like she got carried over to that closet. Was that like the demons of the Ghosties just being like, guys, check it out. You have a cool hidden room back here. Let me tell you, if I was a ghost living in that house, I'd be like, you haven't discovered this yet. Check this out. Yeah, go do something. There's, but it's like, do you, there's so much you could do with this, so much room for activities. Precisely. But do you, do you carry the wife over there in the middle of the night? Now? I do to do that. Now that I have that idea, And I, I'm bringing it to the afterlife with me. Yeah, because I mean, you are gonna get somebody's attention that way. I mean, it'd probably be like way more clunky than this experience sounds. Yeah. Because I'm not like, I'm not like a power lifter. Yeah. you know? But maybe you will be after. Yeah. Oh, maybe I'll get that skill.


I, I just feel like hop on, piggyback on over to this hidden room. Yeah, here we go. I just wanna show you something real quick. Yeah. So that happened, but throughout their ordeal, the Lutes kept quiet about what was happening in the house. They weren't telling people I wouldn't, I'd be on the national news. That's what I'm saying. They didn't want the, you know, reputation of crazy people. you know, these weird people just moved into the neighborhood and now they're creating a, you know, shenanigans. Got it. But like, to be honest, like just letting you know, like If, you have weird shit happening in your house. And, we live in the same neighborhood and you wanna tell me like, tell me everything. Tell me because I'm not, you're gonna be awesome. Me come and knock on door big, tell me you shit.


So a few weeks after moving in, they turned to the Amityville Historical Society and the hope that they could maybe provide them some information about the house or the LA because they know about the DeFeo thing obviously. But they were like, you know, what, did anything else happen here? Which I was also like, do you need anything else? I don't know. Like, I feel like that'll do it in my opinion. Yeah. So it took a few days, but eventually someone from the society got back to them. And what they said was that apparently the house, it seemed sat on land once used by the Shinnecock tribe. And That wasn used as quote, an enclosure for the sick, mad and the dying.


Oh. The society member noted that while they may have used it as like, kind of like a holding place area, the Shinnecock didn't use the area as a burial ground. They didn't use that area as a burial ground because they believed it to be infested with demons. Fantastic. Now this is something this would give me pause. Is there, do you know if that that's been like backed up? If that's like the truth, we'll get there. Okay, so, so, so that's a no my question. Good question. Good question. So further legends, because of course you're not just gonna get this one thing. There's Lutz v chit chat about this land, about the house.


There's all kinds of stuff. So further legends told of the Lutz property once being home to John Ketchum, who was a former member of Salem, Massachusetts, who'd been forced out of the state for p practicing witchcraft. Well shit, Ketchum relocated to Long Island and set up a residence allegedly just a few hundred feet from where the Lutes now lived. And supposedly he continued practicing witchcraft and devil worship. Okay. So we all collectively can say that's bullshit, not real. Yeah. There is no, there's no nothing to say that this is the truth.


He did have to leave Salem, Massachusetts for long. There is like things about him going to Long Island. But what we do know is that he was not doing devil worship and all that shit. And there's also like, according to some of the accounts, John Ketchum was buried somewhere on the northeast corner of the Lutes property. Mm. There's nothing to indicate that at all. Okay. The discovery of this information was obviously scary to the Lutes, but it didn't really help them, nor didn't help them. It just kind of explained maybe everything That was going on. Like maybe the land itself is evil, which would make more sense. Yeah. So the Lutz is terrifying.


Ordeal finally came to a head on January 13th, 1976. So this was not a long period of time. No, not at all. Because remember they moved in towards the end of December. By this point the attacks were constant. They ranged from disembodied voices to being pushed by unseen hands to finally what we've all know according to them seeing blood oozing from the walls, hearing the sounds of, and one of my favorites was they would hear the sounds of what they described as a full marching band. I in the living room, forgot about that one. Marching band. That's a good one. It's a good one. And after discussing the matter at length, George and Kathy decided it would be in everyone's best interest if they got the fuck out of the house, maybe just for a while.


Maybe for good. I love that. They were arrange arrangements. We're not sure. Yeah. They were like, you know what? So they made arrangements to stay with Kathy's mother in near Babylon. New York. So they were like, you know what, we'll stay with Kathy's mom, see what we can do. Oh. So my portal theory's wrong. 'cause her mom's alive. Yeah, she is. So that morning, Kathy and George packed the kids and Harry into their van and prepared to leave. But George started to turn the key to the ignition and the van stalled. Oh no. So he got out and opened the hood hoping he could fix whatever was stopping them from leaving. And as he stood in front of the car, leaning under the hood, a big gust of wind forced the hood down and he barely managed to avoid being hit by it.


That's crazy. That's crazy. So just moments later, thunder sounded in the near distance and the wind picked up two hurricane speeds. Shut the fuck out. No it didn't. Which forced them out of the car and back into the house just as the power went up. Wild series of events. So despite the 20 degree temperature and rain and sleet battering the house inside That wasn nearly 90 degrees and felt as though That wasn getting hotter by the second. Okay. The storm ended a few hours later, but That wasn still, the power was off for the rest of the day. And at 6:00 PM the next day, George went down to check the boiler, which was off. And when he came back upstairs, he saw what appeared to be a dark colored blob working its way towards the living room and towards Kathy and the children.


Okay. And I was like, don't worry, that's just my sleep paralysis demon. He's fine. He just hangs out. But don't worry about it. But several hours later, That wasn clear that they wouldn't be able to leave the house until the next morning. So Kathy and George put the kids to bed and Yeah, but they put the kids to bed in their bed. Okay. And they fell asleep on chairs in the bedroom. Okay. So they were all in the same bed. I get that now. A short time later, the heat in the house broke dramatically and the temperature just started to plummet. Now somehow, even with all That was going on inside and outside the house, they all managed to fall asleep in that room. No incorrect.


At 3:15 AM same time, he had woken up before George was woken up again. By the sound of a full marching band in the living room downstairs. What's like, what do they think the marching band story is? That's what I wonder, because I'm like, where are they from? Who does that go back to? Yeah. Like a marching band. Yeah. I don't know about that. But this time the noise was accompanied by a bunch of unintelligible voices. Like they couldn't tell what they were talking about, but just voices. Okay. Like That wasn a whole, it's like the Victrola party at the SME house. Bitch. I love a Victrola party. I'm throw one. Yeah. Ola parties everywhere.


That's, but this one's like worse. I guess so. And honestly, for the first time, things got a little worse here because George could hear the band or whatever. That. wasn start to climb the stairs towards the bedroom. He said, party's in here. I said, oh no.


Echo Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. It's also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good and very healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get into a really good and healthy routine, because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music, a morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is so grown up when they come down and tell me what it's gonna be that day. By using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility and independence. It also gives my kids a way to express themselves, because Echo Kids comes in cute, playful designs, and kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexis sounds with Pretend Owl or Dragon Voices, along with character inspired songs. Jokes and greetings. Echo Do Kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties singing and dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at amazon.com/echo Kids.


Halloween is just around the corner, but Hulu Ween is here. Hulu is the streaming home to fresh fall releases that'll creep under your skin, like Immaculate starring Sydney Sweeney FX iss, American Horror Stories. The new thriller film. Hold Your Breath starring Sarah Paulson and FXs chilling horror thriller Grotesquery. So snuggle into your couch with a pumpkin spice latte and watch all your scary favorites. Turn your Halloween into Halloween and stream till you scream on Hulu.


Now, the sound of the band signaled what would be the worst and ultimately final assault on the Lutz family in that house. Oh, because moments later, lightning started flashing in the bedroom. The bed frames started shaking. Wait, wait. But you, you passed that like That wasn, nothing. Lightning flashed inside the bedroom. Well, lightning didn't hit in the bedroom. It like flashed in the bed like the bedroom's, like outside of the bedroom. Lightning's flashing. I thought you meant lightning was happening inside the room. And. I said, you can't just graze past that. You can't just walk past that. I said, we got, we gotta talk about that for a minute. I wouldn't have been shocked if they said that happened though. Well, no. Me either.


By this point, everyone was awake. But George found that he couldn't move. He was having sleep paralysis and could feel what he thought were hooves stepping all over him. Nay, nay. That's, that's my only response. Nay, nay, nay. He said they were walking across his body to get to his family. Okay. And soon the whole house was shaking like That wasn gonna come down around them. I mean, that probably would be good. It, honestly. See you later. So it took all the strength he had. But George finally managed to break his paralysis, getting himself up. He grabbed his children and Kathy, they ran towards the door. But when they got to the landing, George heard Danny cry out that there was something in his room.


And he told George, it's a monster. He doesn't have any face. I'd say, that's fine. 'cause we're leaving anyway. I'd be like, that's cool. Leave him be Now, when he looked up, George saw an enormous hooded figure dressed in white standing near the stairs. Ew. The thing pointed at them, and George knew this was it. He had to get his family out. This is the last second. He had to get everyone out, or they were gonna die. What if he just wanted to have a dance off? And he said, and he was just like, your your family. Let's see what you, you got like, do you have a whole marching band? Mind you, I don't think so. I think, I think he was trying to see what their step team was all about.


Yeah. He was trying to see if they had what it took to be Mayor America's Next Top Dancer. Yeah. That wasn. Like, step up Let's family. I think. I think that's what was happening. And you know what? That's why no one ever had a problem with this house again, because they were like winners and they just like left. That's, they were like, all right, we're the winners. That's the thing. So he ran his family down the stairs, managed to rip, open the door, pushed the kids out. Then Kathy, Harry and himself. And once they were all in the van, he jammed the key in the ignition and the engine turned over. He was able to start the ignition. So they just wanted to have one last party. Yeah. They just, they were like, stay another night.


You didn't tell us you were leaving. So he flies outta there, tore down the driveway onto Ocean Avenue. Ocean Avenue. They like used to sit talk with you. I can't believe it's the first time we did that. I know. I can't. That's really, that's sad. For That was my first concert. Oh, I loved that song. Yellow Card forever. So they were finally free of the house. Whatever had happened in there. And they would never go back there again. Yeah. I wouldn't either. They wouldn't even go back there when they were investigating. They refused to Well, it's for the plot. I was gonna say, it's for the plot. Like, I wouldn't go back either. Simply if that, if all of that actually did happen to me. Yeah. But where we know it didn't just adds to the story. Like And, we does never stepped foot back in the scary house.


Never. So just a few weeks after fleeing their home, George and Kathy were at a party. I took a sip of my drink at the worst time. 'cause you almost just got a straight up spit take. They were just at a party. I'm sorry. And maybe this is just me. I don't even have kids yet. If my kids were almost demonically possessed and like taken away from me by demons, I don't think I'd be hitting up a, a party like weeks later and leaving them with anyone. I don't think my kids would ever let me leave them alone. And I wouldn't leave them. Like, and not alone. I mean like, even with like a babysitter. Like they would, my kids would just wanna be with me 24 7.


Yeah. And, and vice versa. Because like, I know me as a kid, if that happened to me, I'd be like, you're never leaving my side. Mom and dad. Literally never. You still at party? We're sleeping in the same room forever. Like, the fuck are you celebrating? I mean, getting out of there. Guess like what's going on? Well, they were at a party in Amityville where they happened to meet William Weber, the lawyer of recently convicted Killer Ronald DeFeo. Shut the fuck up. Now Weber was a local. So it is entirely possible that this was a purely coincidental meeting. Yeah. Maybe it's strange that they met, but like it's it's not that strange. 'cause like they did all in the same community. And like we said, it is a smaller community. Exactly. So Weber had always maintained that DeFeo was mentally ill.


And he had been hearing command hallucinations in the weeks leading up to the murder of his family. So when George and Kathy mentioned where they had been living and the cause for them leaving that house, he was so interested. 'cause remember he's also in the middle of trying to get appeals for his clients. So this was a, a delicious little nugget of information for him with Defy's conviction. Less than two months behind them, Weber had already started planning the appeals. Of course. So he said Demonic infestation. What? Tell me everything. Like paranormal attack. Tell me at all. He said, have a seat. Exactly. So in mid-February, Weber actually organized a press conference for himself.


And the Lutes shut up. Yep. And during that press conference, he announced, based on certain facts related to us, relayed to us by George and Kathy Lutz and certain physical evidence brought to our attention. We are considering a motion for a new trial. So Weber didn't provide any details there. He just strongly indicated that the very strong force that had driven the Lutes outta the house could have been to blame for motivating DeFeo to kill. Okay. That's fucked up. Yeah, it is. Is like you're literally blaming a house for this guy. Just being a piece of shit. Yeah. No, that I don't, I don't like that And I don't like that. The Lutes were like, yeah, let us help you do that. Let's do this. Now, contrary to what they would later claim, George and Kathy Lutz minimize the extent of their supposed paranormal experience denying having seen human shapes, flying objects, and hearing any wailing noises or, you know, whatever.


In fact, the most George would say was that they experienced psychic phenomenon that he could not describe, that persuaded him and his family to suddenly move out. Move out because of concern for our personal safety as a family. Okay. Now on advice from their new legal counsel, William Weber. Neither George nor Kathy would elaborate on the details. So they very much downplayed it for the press. At first, they made it vague to, to make people exactly more interested. Now the press conference gathered a lot of attention from the New York media and generated a lot of rumors about the Lutes and their supposedly haunted house. Of course, this kind of helped them. Well, it's like when somebody puts up, like back in the day when people would put up a Facebook status like in the worst mood.


Don't ask me why. Yes. Then everybody asks why everyone's theorizing what it's about. Yes. Now it obviously That wasn not very often around town that a seemingly reasonable couple was holding a press conference to announce they'd experienced psychic phenomenon to such an extent that they'd been forced out of their new home. Wouldn't it be sick if that actually did happen more often? I know. I'd be so interested about that. Yeah. You could like hold town meetings and shit. Yeah. Now, among those who took interest in their story was a local news channel, channel five, who wanted to do an investigative story on the house and the lutz experience. George agreed to allow the news channel to enter the house, but he said he and his family would not be joining the investigation. I bet A few weeks later, the news team arranged to film the investigation at the Lutz's house.


And That wasn going to be led by a notorious husband and wife psychic investigative team. Oh, ed and Lorraine Warren. I was gonna guess Ned and Maureen. Oh, close. Yeah. Our, our friends Ed and Lorraine of their fingers all up in here. This is one of the ones they're most well known for. Actually, on the night of the investigation, the Warrens arrived at the house with a number of other individuals from their inner circle that included a lot of psychics that would help with the seance as they moved from room to room. Lorraine used her, you know, abilities to try to sense the presence of any evil entities that dwelled in the house.


Which I was like, I don't really think we need Lorraine's abilities to see that. I think we can look at history. Yeah. Almost immediately Lorraine stated that she felt the presence of a negative entity right. From the bowels of the earth. Wow. And she said, this is the entity That was threatening you and likely convinced DeFeo to kill his family. Which I was like, yeah, Lorraine, shut the fuck up. Are you really sitting here trying to take away the fact that Ronald, DeFeo Jr is a piece of shit who murdered his entire family? Because he's a piece of shit. Piece of shit. I pretty sure shirt piece of shit.


That's the thing. It's just like it. I, when they go to like the sneer house and they go to like these other houses, like Sure. It's kind of fun. I get it. Like spooky. Exactly. Spooky. You're just living your life. I love ghost hunting. I get it. Absolutely. When it involves a murder, like directly a mass family annihilation, like, like multiple children died in their own homes while they were maybe sleeping. Step away from that. Don't touch that. And don't be sitting here sitting trying to say that Ronald DeFeo Jr only did it because this demon from this house convinced him to No, no. Like don't take the responsibility off of him. It's also just kind of stu I mean, it's just stupid to claim that when the history is very clear of like they had a bad relationship.


Yeah. He, he and his family didn't have a great relationship and he was not completely in his right mind all the time. No, exactly. Like on the day of the murder, he wasn't shown. Yeah. He had shown that he had, he could be violent. He had shown that he, you know, I mean he sounds like he had grown up an environment that kind of was violent, helped that violence. Yeah. And it's like we just to take the, I just don't like the taking responsibility off of him here. I don't either. And doing it to kind of further your own fucking agenda, which is exact exactly what she was doing. Yeah. And that's why people think that's why Ed and Lorraine have the, the black mark on them that they do 'cause this kinda shit.


Yeah. Like you wanna do fun ghosty ghosty shit. But sure go right head. This kinda stuff just rubs me the wrong fucking way. You just don't touch that. They just, and it shows that they're scammers. Yeah. Like it shows that they will go to the ends of the earth to push their own shit. And it's like, what are you trying to do? Like get this guy off for murder. That's other, like at this guy's, the other problem is that this just happened Lorraine. And if they're in the appeals process, it's not doing this now. Yeah. It's not like you're doing this now in like 20, 24 when the guy's dead and it's all over. Even still that would annoy me because it would be taking responsibility off of him. Yep. But you're doing it within the first year that he has been convicted and that it happened and that he's in the appeals process where they are using the idea that he was mentally ill or insane, or that there was some un scene force in the house making him do it.


It's just not cool. No. So during one of the several seances conducted in the house that night, one of the psychics that accompanying the Warrens claim to quote, feel personally threatened by a shadow being, and the entire team concluded a demonic spirit possessed the house and they recommended an exorcism. Of course the couple. So did they contact the archdiocese of Of course they do. They always contact the archdiocese, except they don't. So the couple also took a bunch of time lapse photos at various points around the house. And in one of the photos taken at the base of the stairs. It is a creepy photo. It's a very famous photo.


I don't even know if I've seen it. I, there appears to be a child who can clearly be seen standing in the doorway leading to an adjacent room. I hate that the Warrens claimed that this was evidence of paranormal activity and claimed the photo captured the ghost of John DeFeo, who was the youngest one. Okay. Whose spirit they believe was still trapped in the house. Oh fuck. It's a scary photo. And that's horrifying. I think it's, it's a hard one to, to figure out what happened there. Like what kid that is. That is probably one of the scariest pictures I've ever seen in my life. My, I can feel the hair on my legs just standing up. Yeah, it's, that one's definitely a scary one. I'm like, I hope I closed out of that.


'cause I don't wanna like open my phone and have that be there. I know, right. Fuck that. I do think though, that it has been debunked. Ah, that photo, it's very clear. I think That wasn one of the Warren's team, they figured out, I think it might've been like his name was like Paul something, I think is what they think. That wasn. Either way it's a pretty scary photo. Yeah. Just as like, I could see why people were fooled. Yeah. For a long time. I probably would've been. I just was. So see, there you go. That's, I mean, that's the, that's the wild thing about the Warrens is they, they definitely, they're able to get you at first and then you're like, oh, fuck you.


So while the Warrens have been most the, like the biggest names associated with the Amityville haunting and they are very much associated with it. Like, it's like hand in hand. It's like them in the Conjuring kind of thing. They were merely one of several paranormal investigators who were attracted to the house by that press conference. Like they weren't the only ones. Their involvement in the case kind of ends when that investigation with Channel five ended. Like they didn't really stick around longer. Oh, okay. They obviously discussed the incident and the story many, many more times in their career. Like they didn't use it as like the pinpoint kind of like goalpost thing. Yeah.


But they kind of, they pieced out after that Channel five investigation. Like they got their fake photo and they were like, all right, bye. That's interesting. So the Warren's investigation was followed by another investigation by Hans Holzer. I've heard of Hans, which Hans Holzer, I think when we were with Mikey and Dave watching a Haunting. Yep. That, that show, which we had so much fun watching Mike so much fun. Hilarious. Hans Holzer was in a couple of the things And I said, I think, I believe everything this man has to say because his name is Hans Holzer. And he just makes sense. He's a supposedly skeptical paranormal investigator who, unlike the Warrens, was guided by a more scientific method of inquiry.


Okay. Which I can appreciate. Accompanied by Noal nominally famous psychic Ethel Johnson Meyers. I don't know if you've heard that name. I have. Holzer suggested that the Lutz's house had been built on an ancient Shinnecock Indian burial ground. That's the quote. Sure. That wasn haunted by the angry spirit of Chief rolling Thunder. I feel like that borders on racism when they go Yeah. The burial ground route. Yeah. I think it's just that they don't have proof of that. Yeah. There's also, they don't have proof of that at all. And they also were told by the historical society that like That wasn not allegedly that these, the indigenous people would not bury their dead on that ground because That wasn thought of as like cursed.


Yeah. So they were told that it wasn't, and now this guy's saying it. That wasn. Yeah. I take it back when I said, I believe everything Hans has to say. Yeah. So he also examined many of the photographs from the original DeFeo crime scene, including several photos of the bullet holes in the walls. And he said he saw mysterious halos appear around the bullets. Okay. You're like, no Hans from William Weber's perspective, the Lutz is story was one. That was worthy of being told. Of course. Oh yeah. you know, he just wants to get it out, you know, no other reason at all. No, just really important. Just, you know, he just was entertained by it.


It has nothing to do with his ongoing court case. No, of course not. Why would you even think that guys? So in March, 1976, less than a month after the press conference, he presented the Lutes with a book contract with Publisher Mar and Burton. Well, shit, under the terms of the contract, Weber, Mars and Burton and George and Kathy Lutz would receive 12% shares of the profits while Paul Hoffman, the book's proposed author would receive 40%, 12%. That kind of sucks. That percentage sucks. So I would sit in two that for 12%. Yeah. So Kathy and George were like, well you know what, he's been supportive of us, so let's just go with it.


So they signed the contract and let's go. Damn. You didn't even fucking negotiate a better percentage. No. Now, just a few weeks after signing the contract with William Weber, George and Kathy met Tam Mossman, who was an editor with Prentice Hall Publishing. Okay. They told Mossman about the deal with Weber. And he was like, yeah, he might be offering you free legal advice, but he also offered you a really bad book deal. Well, okay. I'm like, is somebody around them that gives a shit? Yeah. So since the contract technically hadn't been finalized, I guess they hadn't signed it. I shouldn't have said that. They agreed to the contract. Okay. They hadn't signed it. There was still time to back out of the deal. No. John Hancock's and Mossman pre suggested that they pursue their own author and sell the story on their terms.


So a few days later, he introduced them to his friend author Jay Anson, who I mentioned before. It sounds like they just didn't realize how lucrative this could be. Yeah. And when they did, they were like, fuck Yeah. That's literally what happened. Yeah.


Guys, everyone loves a good family mystery. Especially one with as many twists and turns as June's journey. June's journey is a hidden object mystery game with a captivating detective story, taking you back to the glam and glitz of the 1920s with a diverse cast of characters. You collect scraps of information to fill your photo album and learn more about each character as you play along. Play as June Parker and investigate beautifully detailed scenes of the 1920s whilst uncovering the mystery of her sister's murder. With hundreds of mind teasing puzzles. The next clue is always within reach. I really love that this game is relaxing. Like I can just sit down on the couch and pull it up and start playing. But I also feel like it gets my mind going in so many different ways. Because not only am I looking for the hidden objects within the scene, but I'm also thinking about the murder mystery and what I think happened there. So this really gets your brain going, but in a way where you can also just kick back and relax and lose yourself in this captivating quest of mystery murder and even romance. Discover your inner detective when you download June's journey for free today on iOS and Android.


So, Jay Anson at the time was working on a documentary about the making of the 1973 horror film, the Exorcist, Hey, unlike the deal with Weber, which you know, gave a lot of individuals a lot of money for doing nothing. Yeah. Anson suggested that he work with the Lutes to tell their story for an even split of the pro profits. That's a much better book deal. Much better deal. So days later, the Lutes ended their contract with Weber, their proposed one, and eventually signed a new contract with Anson By then, however, Weber and Hoffman had signed contracts with good housekeeping in New York Sunday News for articles about the Lutz experience in the house.


One appearing in July, 1976, the other in July, 1977. As a result, the Lutz ended up suing Weber and Hoffman in civil court for ga Invasion of privacy seeking $4.5 million in damages. You're gonna have to show me those damages. 4.5 million. You weren't even worth that before. What are the damages in the room with us? That's the, that's what the judge said. The judge said Hello, can you point to the damages? No. Insane Hoffman and Weber. That's insane. Well, in Hoffman and Weber Countersued alleging breach of contract and fraud. So maybe they didn't sign, actually.


And they requested $2 million in damages, which I, they now probably could have accounted for. Exactly. So eventually the court did dismiss George and Ka let's his suit against Weber and Hoffman. But by then Anson's book had been published and had quickly become very, very successful. The book would actually go on to sell more than 10 million copies worldwide. Fucking a and it spawned the hit adaptation in film, the 1979 Amityville Horror. you know, I've never seen it. It's wild. And it had seven direct sequels as well as dozens of unofficial films, which just ask Caleb our boy. Caleb is currently just bush whacking his way through.


He's like, he's chest deep in Amityville sequels. He's always, he's not. And he not happy yet not happy about it. He, he embarked on a journey that he didn't know all about. you know, Caleb is a completionist. He does not like to half-ass things. He doesn. So once he starts something, he's gonna finish it. He's a balls to the wall kind of guy. So If you. Yeah. He's really going for it. 'cause as soon you can now use the Amityville name to like, it's now open to use. So that's why people use it to sell movies. Yeah. It's like, because you can't copyright a town name or something like that. Yeah. It's like it's, you can just, you can use it.


So it's like people use it. The pub publication of Anson's book and all the films were a financial boon for the Lutz family of course. But with the success and attention came a little bit of scrutiny I would say that would eventually uncover some inconsistencies and cracks in the story. So the cover of j Sen's book, The Amityville Horror, that's what it's like. His is the original includes quite a, a bold subtitle. A true story. So this is implying that this is a, a nonfiction book That's wild. In fact, I mean, That wasn that claim that really was the success and the legacy of the books and films for Ville, of course Creating a myth that even today, nearly 50 years later, a lot of people believe is a very, a totally true story.


But it's also understood that when an author adapts a supposedly true story for a book or a movie, there will be elements woven in for, you know, the sake of readability and continuity. you know, like fictional elements. Some artistic license will be. That's why it always says like, based on a true story. Exactly. That's what it needs to say. But there's just said a true story. Yeah. You gotta say based. Yeah. The problem with Anson's book, however, was that it included so many unbelievable and outrageous claims that it wasn't long before a lot of people wanted to see the evidence and support. You know, they were like, show me what, what makes this a completely true story? Yeah. Because I don't know.


Now The Amityville Horror was released in mid-September of 1977. And within a few months, journalists and skeptics around the world started flooding. Anson's publisher Prentice Hall incorporated with requests ranging from the whereabouts of the Lutes, or Ralph Ro the reverend to the existence of evidence directly contradicting the claims made by the book. They were like, we want it all in the, in an article for Newsday published in November that year, investigative journalists took matters into their own hands when representatives from P Hall refused to respond to requests for any of this or any questions. Oh, among the discoveries that were made were the local Catholic diocese quote denied that psychic incidents in conversations, including clerical officials cited in the book, ever took place.


So the Catholic church is like, leave us the fuck out of your hauntings. The Catholic Church is like, get the Warrens away from get our, get our name outta your dirty mouth. They're doing like they're putting the Warrens in the freezer. you know what we will engage in witchcraft. Stop. We're going to en engage in the dark arts here just to get you to shut the fuck up about us. I bind you warrants. They also found out that neighbors and former and current residents of the house denied multiple key points of the story, including the Amityville historical society denying that there was any evidence of the land having been used by the Shinnecock tribe, whose ancestral land was quite a bit further east.


That's so fucked up. Like, yikes. That's that. You guys were like, let's throw some indigenous shit in there. 'cause that's spooky like Whoa, you didn't think someone was going to check up on that? Oh, that makes you look like such a fucking douche bag. And to use the Amityville historical society's name too, they're gonna be like, ah, no, no. Like you don't think they're gonna come forward and be like, no fucker, that's our literal job. That's shitty to do. Yeah. Especially to like indigenous communities. And what's funnier? 'cause remember they claimed that while they were in the house, they went to this historical society and joined them to find out what was going on.


Oh no. A representative from the Historical Society confirmed that the Lutes did join the Historical Society, but not until January 25th, 1976 was what? Which was a few weeks after they fled the house. And a few weeks after was when they met William Weber and started discussing all of this shit. So I'm sure there was discussion of why don't you join the Historical Society and find out some shit? Ew. And then If, you don't find out what you want. Just lie about it. Just make it up. That's fucked. Because you know what? Fucked. Yeah. Also, like I think you just said you didn't think anyone was gonna check up on that. That's the thing. Like, come on. That always happens with people who lie though.


You're like, I, you didn't think anyone was gonna look into that. and that like the, the society that you literally mentioned by name isn't gonna be like, no. Yeah. Why wouldn't you just say like, according to unnamed sources. Yeah. If you're gonna lie, do it better. But you named the society. Yikes. Like, damn, now at least two paranormal investigation groups declined to investigate the house at the requests quote because of commercial promotion or lack of observable data. So they were like, no That wasn very clear that they wanted to make this a thing so we wouldn't investigate. Which I was like good integrity on that. I love an integrity. I do too. I love an integrity. That's what I look for.


Now, the new owners of the home, Barbara and James Certy, I hope I said their name right. Also spoke out holding their own press conference to defend the reputation of their home and the memory of the DeFeo family. Nice. Barbara told the group at the press conference, the house isn't haunted. It's beautiful. And, we love it. The cer were particularly critical of Anson's book and the Lutes telling reporters that their claims have drawn thousands of curious onlookers to drive by the house and even come onto the property. That's really fucked up. Don't go onto somebody else's property. No. And Barbara said, That wasn ridiculous and tragic for the surviving members of the DeFeo family and for the town.


Yeah. They were made into Ghouls. Right. And it's true. Now, Jay Anson, the author, defended the book and the assertion that That wasn a true story. He said, the way I approached the story, I left myself out of it. I did it as a reporter so that by the end of the book you believe or you don't believe, these are the facts. This is what happened to the family. This is what happened to the priests. Now the problem with Anson and the Lutz's position there, that he just said that readers could make up their own minds about what happened. That strongly suggests that he was not working with facts. Yeah. But instead he was working with subjective experiences that are Huh.


Notoriously difficult to prove or disprove. Which is why you cannot put a true story on the cover. Yeah. If That wasn a true story, you say this is truth. Yeah. I'm just reporting facts. And I can back it all up. But instead he's saying, you either believe it or you don't. Oof. Okay. I don't believe it. Okay. I don't. So what is that? Now? In fact, as Newsday pointed out, differences between the Lutz version of events and ascertainable facts crop up in the book from start to finish. Ugh. When Newsday reporters spoke to the Lutz's neighbors on Ocean Avenue, all of them denied noticing anything unusual happening in the house. One neighbor said if they did have problems, you'd think they would've come over and make some mention to the neighbors.


Yeah. In fact, James Mulally, who purchased the Lutz former home after they moved to Amityville, visited the family at the New House a few weeks after they had moved in. By which time the book claimed they were under very heavy supernatural attack at this point. Yeah. But James Mulally recalled that George and Ka happily gave them a him a tour of their new house. At no time did they say anything. At no time did anything seem outta the ordinary. And likewise, when the Certi family moved in a few months after the Lutz fled, they found nothing outta the ordinary. And there was no signs that the house had sustained any damage on the inside. Which remember they're claiming that doors blew off hinges That wasn crumbling around ships going, going crazy.


Yeah. Well, it would've been impossible to verify the let's story of their experience since, you know, you can't verify someone's personal experience. No. There were a large number of people supposedly consulted during their stay in the house who could be, and often were followed up with by reporters. In one of the book's, most notorious moments, George Lus Lutz described seeing his daughter's imaginary friend Jodi through a window. And when he went outside to investigate, he said he found a trail of hoof tracks left in the snow. Now, according to George, he called the police and he said, Sergeant Pat Kamado was dispatched to the house.


Sergeant Kamado, on the other hand, told a reporter that story was quote, absolutely false. I was never on the property from the time of the DeFeo murder investigation until after the Lutz left. You can't lie about the police. They have laws. You can't, they have logs like a low, like you named some poor guy in this. Like what the fuck? And an officer of the law of the law. You kidding? Look, also, the weather report indicated there was no snow on the ground when George claimed to have found the tracks in the snow. Nor had there been any snow on the ground the week prior. George Baby George.


Honey, you gotta look at weather reports. My guy oof. Almost, almost happier than he didn't though. My damn big old, yikes. In another of the novels, most memorable moments, Reverend Raro hears that disembodied voice tell him to get out while he is blessing the house. In fact, RA's involvement in the story was one of the aspects that lent the story a lot of credibility. That he's a priest. He's coming and saying this is happening. Yet when he was called to testify in the LUTs, his suit against Weber Raro stated quote, his only contact relating to this case was a telephone call from the Lutes regarding their psychic experiences.


What Now, contrary to their repeated claims that those ma in those made in The Amityville horror, Reverend Raro never went to bless the Lutz house. I feel duped. According to Raro, he referred George Lutz to the local parish, St. Martin of Tours and suggested they speak with the priest there. But he said, but quote, the Lutz is neither called nor ever attended mass. Well, yeah. 'cause remember they weren't fucking religious. Oh. And the claim that the priest, this is the priest that helped them when they were getting married, debunked. They were married July 4th, 1975.


And during questioning, George answered later that they met the priest July 14th, 1975. And Kathy said they met him July 30th, 1975 over the phone. Y'all don't even remember your fucking wedding date. And then he said, no, no, I've only had contact with them over the phone. What? Yeah guys. So they couldn't even get the date Right. Do you think that, 'cause like, I mean they left the house. Like, do you think they they got in over their heads? I know exactly what happened here. And I'll tell you. Okay. So the most damning discovery I would say made during this time came from one of the books original architects, William Weber, who told People Magazine in 1979.


I know this book is a hoax. We created this story over many bottles of wine that George Lutz was drinking. We were creating something that the public wanted to hear. Oh no. So I'd say that he said we were creating damage. It's something that the public wanted to hear and allegedly it could have helped my client. Exactly. According to Weber, the Lutz is created the story in an effort to get out of deep financial trouble. 'cause they bought a house. That was like double their fucking price range because the house was a bargain at $80,000. For what? That wasn. But not for them. But like you said, That wasn almost twice the average home price at the time. And twice what the lights lu could afford. Ma always says a sale is not a sale.


If, you can't, you can't afford it. If. you can't afford it. Exactly. And their mortgage wasn't their only expense. They also owned a car, a motorcycle, and two boats. What the fuck with two for the typical expenses. I'm saying you got boats are fucking expensive. Yeah. Along with the typical expenses that come from raising three children. That's the other thing. You got three hooligans running around. Yeah. Three little hooligans. They're expensive. You're super expensive. And so in the simplest, I'm not past two boats. I'm sorry, what? Hell no. In simplest terms, the Lutes were living a lifestyle well beyond their means. Yes. And it didn't take long to realize they couldn't fucking afford all of it.


And the book, that's why it's so strange that they decided to take this house on when they knew they couldn't afford that mortgage. So I think they went into this knowing what they could do. I wonder because once they found out That wasn the DeFeo house, I wonder if they said, well we could turn this into something. I think they knew That wasn the DeFeo house. I don't know. But like you said, they lived in New York. Yeah. It's strange that they didn't know this was national news. It wasn't just like a, a little thing that happened in New York. Yeah. Now the book deal with Anson and the movie adaptation that followed were very lucrative, obviously. But the Lutes didn't plan on things going badly between them and their original partners. Or the possibility that they were gonna be sued. That's why you don't fuck people over in contracts.


Exactly. Contracts are shouldn't be fucked around with. So in fact, That wasn Weber's frustration and animosity that led him to expose the story in the first place because they fucked him over and he continued to do so in the years that followed. And I'm sorry, it just funny. Like he, they fucked him over in a contract and he was like, okay, thank God. He said, hold my beer. He said, I'll bind my time and then I'm gonna ruin your whole life. In 1988, in fact.


So he's still going. Good. Good. This was in 1970 something. He's, he's in 1988. Still hold a grudge. Hold a fucking grudge. Honestly, I, it's like that lady on TikTok. Oh, I feel that. Deep in my bones. Yep. Know That. I will be that person who has a drudgery in the afterlife. And I will take on other people's grudges for fun. Yes. I'm working the counter. I'm petty as fuck. I got, we got this together in the hard, you're building a grudge. I would be William Weber in this scenario. Me too. 1988. A decade later. I'm still pissed. I'm still fucking you over. I got something to say. He said, I'll burn it to the ground.


Burn it all. So in 1988, like years later, he appears on the show occurred to fair where he elaborated, he said, we took the real life incidents and transpose them. In other words, That wasn a hoax. He's still, I love it. 8 19 80. He's like, did I, did I say it loud enough for the people in the back? It wasn't real. That wasn a hoax. So the Amityville hoax would be the subject of many court cases in the decades since its publication Most having to do with money. But none as surprising as Ronald DeFeo, Theo's 1992 attempt to use the claims as the basis for a petition for a new trial.


Which is the shitty part of what came out of this. I can luckily it didn't work because by that time, DeFeo had served 15 years of his life sentence. But he believed the exposure of the Amityville hoax entitled him to a new criminal trial. He said, William Weber gave me no choice. He told me I had to do this. He told me there would be a lot of money from book rights in a movie. He would have me out in a couple years. And I would come into all that money. The whole thing was a con except for the crime. I mean, yeah. So that's the, we laugh about William Weber being like petty as fuck about the Lutes. But he was really shitty when it came to the DeFeo case. 'cause he was trying to get him out on that. Yeah. Which is not cool. Which fuck that.


So the legacy of the Lutes and The Amityville Horror. And like I said in the first episode with the DeFeo FAOs, it didn't work. Yeah. No. He didn't get his new shit. But the legacy of the Lutes and The Amityville Horror has persist, persisted for nearly 50 years. And it has led to countless debates about fact fiction. What is real, what isn't it, what gets, what tends to get lost in all of that though is the story about Amityville the town itself. Like it's kind of taken on a life of its own. The myth of Amityville big time. And it it, like we said, it's a, it's a seaside town. It's a small place, it's a nice place.


And it's really disrupted life for the residents there. And because people can't tell factories the homeowners too. Absolutely. Well, Anson, the Lutes and Ed and Lorraine Warren made millions from their supposedly quote unquote true story people like Barbara and James Certi who owned the house and the residents of Amityville had to contend with thousands of people in paranormal enthusiasts descending on their town every year. Yeah. That's annoying. It's kinda like Salem during Halloween. I was just gonna, you know, I mean that people forget that people live there and that that's their home. And it's, I think it would be one thing if people, you know, just like went past by like, that would be something And we respectful, but people act a fool around like Yeah.


Halloween. And they act a fool around paranormal stuff. It's like, go If. you wanna go and be respectful, like to Salem obviously, for sure. But like, leave people's personal properties alone. Yeah. That's the thing. Like, you just gotta be, you gotta be cool about it, man. Cool. You wanna drive past the house. I get that. I'd probably wanna drive past too, too. Don't be all like uncool. Like drive by, look at it. Move on. Yeah. Like, but don't be weird. Yeah. Don't, don't disrupt people's lives. Yeah. you know, it's not cool. Like, I don't know when this episode comes out 'cause I never know where we are in space and time, but sometime in October. It's in October. So if you're going to Salem this month or No. Or anytime really. 'cause remember people live there, but especially during the Halloween months when it's like really crazy there just, that's cool.


They, people don't mind. I, I don't live there. But like, people don't mind just be, be respectful to people who live there. Yeah. It's, it's a really cool place. It's a really historical place. It's got a lot of heavy history and people live there year round and have their kids there. They have families there. So just like, be cool. Just don't have to fool. Don't be all so that they will don't be all uncool. As you know, Luann says the Countess. And because you wanna be able to go there every year and if it continues the way it has been, they're gonna be like, fuck y'all. Yeah. They're gonna shut that shit down. And I would've, I wouldn't blame them. I wouldn't either. So last summer, apparently, and this was in, in 1977, Barbara told reporters, Barbara ti the owner of the house said last summer, 5,000 people trumped through here.


They left trash everywhere and even had picnics on the neighbor's lawns. Which, if you're that kind of person, fuck you. Like you guys get it together. What are you doing? Having a picnic on someone's fucking lawn? Also, if you're one of those kind of people, which you're not, if you're listening to the show, because none of our listeners are, are stupid. No, you're all great. But if you know someone that's like that, you gotta tell them to go to BJ's and get themselves the family pack of fucking shame because you have, I didn't know what you were gonna tell these people to buy it. You have no shame, no If. you are, and you need some, like, you need a healthy amount of human shame. Buy shame and shame where on someone's lawn and have a picnic like that.


You should, when you don't have shame to that degree, you're bordering on not being a human. And you need to go fix that If. you can't call your mom or like somebody you love and tell them what you did that day. Don't do that. Yeah. Don't do that thing. Good call. Now, despite all the claims of supernatural assaults and documentation of hoaxes and an endless parade of Taurus, the house at one 12 Ocean Avenue still stands and it, it's as marketable as ever. Some of the subsequent owners went as far as to renovate, removing the, you know, they finally removed the home's, iconic Dutch windows to make it less recognizable to tourists. Yeah. Because they did those, they became the iconic windows.


Windows. Yeah. They looked like eyes. So they're they were spooky. Yeah. And other owners embraced the history and celebrated its place in horror history. Like, you know, you never know who you're gonna get living there. It's kinda like the, the house on Elm Street, the house from Nightmare on Elm Street. Yes. That house has had several owners over the years. The newest donor does not embrace, its its place in Forest. Newest, please fuck off. Which that's a place, there's a difference between a mass murder happening in a place, A, real mass murder and A real hoax happening in one place. I feel like that's a place where it's just, they got a different vibe. But if you're buying the Elm Street house, you know what you're buying.


It's true. You're buying the house from Nightmare at Elm Street. Yeah. Come on. Come on. You gotta know. You gotta know it. But I won't get into that if people are just driving by. Cool people taking like a quick pick. I get it. Yeah. People on your lawn just kick 'em off. No, nobody should be going on your property. That's not right. No matter what you're doing. But if they're near your property, like, come on you. But you gotta embrace that one a little bit. Yeah. Not on property, I'm saying off property. But in j But that's the thing, like with, with all these kind of houses and places, you're gonna get people who embrace the, the kookiness and the wildness and the horror stuff. You're gonna get some people who aren't as comfortable with it. And you need to respect, regardless people's boundaries are important.


Yeah. Now, in January, 2023, the former DeFeo murder house sold for $1.5 million, which was a 1775% increase from what George and Ka Lotts paid in 1977. Well, shit, pretty good increase the, I don't know how the newest owners feel about it. So I think the safest thing is to assume they do not like the attention of that house. And to leave them be Yeah. And let them live. I like that. I like that. But everybody so far, who has lived in that house has claimed that that house is not haunted in the way that it has been portrayed. And it's been 50 years.


So yeah, like 50 plus years. I think we're going on 60 maybe people have experienced little things here and there. I wouldn't be shocked by any means. But they have not, you know, heard marching bands and been carried off into closets and such. I wanna know whose idea That wasn to add the marching band because that's just, that's, that's that's overzealous. It is. And the, the big figure pointing, that's my favorite visual that I created for myself. Yeah. Just, I just picture him like short turn pointing. And then when they didn't like start dancing, like he just gets on the ground and starts doing like a coffee grinder move. Yeah. He's like, oh, okay. It's my turn then. Okay, lemme show you how it's done. Skipping your turn. Fine. This is how we do it on the other side.


He's like, all right, it's gonna cost you in judging, but let's go. Oh man. So that is the story of the Amityville Hoax. What a tale. What a tale. It's when you really look at it like overarching view, it is really shitty what they did. It's very shitty. It's like super shitty. And they did it for their own personal gain, which is very shitty. Yeah. And when you think about like, I forget who said it, but somebody who was like, they're still like DeFeo family members and you turned them into ghouls. Like that's fucked up. They banked off of the DeFeo tragedy, which is a horrific tragedy. I mean, we covered it in the first episode, how Bad That was. That was a horrific, horrific family annihilation and, and still has unanswered pieces of that.


Like there's so much mystery surrounding that in and of itself. They banked on that and they also banked on a fictional burial ground. Yeah. Which scenario? Which is so fucked up. I hate that is like, I hate that aspect. Yeah. And it's like, I don't, and then they threw like John Ketchum into there. Yeah. They, they really just ran in so many different directions. Like damn you just dipped your fingers in the Salem witch trials too. Like you really grabbed, it's like the trifecta fucked up for real. Are you indigenous burial ground, actual family annihilation and the Salem witch trials. You just grabbed all three of 'em, threw 'em in the story. Just tragedies everywhere. Yeah. Oof. So yeah.


That's wild. It is a wild tale, but it's spooky season, so we got more fucking crazy ass tales coming your way. We do And I. Hope you're enjoying them and being horrified by them. Yeah. I have like a murder mansion next. I think there's a poltergeist coming down the pike. Oh yeah. We got it all. Yeah. And then guys hang real tight because following all of this, the next couple episodes you're getting Jerry Brunos fetish killer. Oh no. So that one's gonna take us right back into the depths of hell. It's just gonna make you feel real weird about putting your shoes on in the morning. It sure will. I hate it. So look him up, everybody If. you don't know who he is and anticipate that.


Yeah. And. we also have some special guests that are gonna be upcoming. We're really excited about that. Yeah, we, we have a lot of cool stuff coming down the pike. We do. I'm excited. And before spooky season commences, we're doing something a little extra fun for the listener tale. Yes. But stay tuned for that. 'cause we, we got some stuff in the works because that one falls on Halloween, right? It falls, yeah. Yeah. That one falls on Halloween. Yes. So who knows? Who knows what you might see here. Well, we have up our sleeve. Who knows? Oh, I'm so excited. I'm very excited. I can't wait. So yeah, with all that being said, we hope you keep listening And. we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you take an entire family's t tragedy and like so many other tragedies that throughout history and turn them into a book for your own personal gain.


I just think that's a little bit shitty. Yeah. It's not cool. Yeah, just don't lie. Like If, you experience something haunted, go off, go crazy. That's exciting. Yeah. But if you're gonna lie about it, you're just a fucking squid. It's true. No one likes a squid. No. Bye bye.


If. you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is a true story of how I ended up In a race against Time to warn those who lives were In Danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or Wherever, you get your podcasts. You can listen to Kill, List and more Exhibit C true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery app for all your true crime listening.