
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, weirdos, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am. It's called Cava and it is Hands down the best thing that I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me, you know, vanilla and chai. I like to do half, half, boom, vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I know that I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body. First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended in and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love Cava.


Have you heard the News Weirdos? The highly anticipated sequel to the breakout horror. Hit Smile is coming to theaters October 18th. That's right. Smile two is about to unleash a whole new level of twisted terror. If you thought the first smile was terrifying, usher did just wait until you see what's in store. This time around, the filmmakers are taking the story to new heights and they're doing it all on the big screen. Naomi Scott leads the cast as Global Pop Sensation Sky Riley, a character haunted by the pressures of fame and her own family's Dark Secrets. Skye's struggle to maintain her sanity in the face of escalating terror she's facing is sure to have you on the edge of your seat. Smile Two is written and directed by Parker Finn, the talented filmmaker behind the first film, whose Unique Vision inspired a can't miss theatrical experience that was praised by critics and audiences and ashes alike. I'm obsessed with the First Smile movie. I am so, so excited that they are releasing a sequel. And I. Can't wait to see it because it actually looks even scarier than the first one. If that's even possible. Get ready for a chilling and pulse pounding experience as Smile Two hits Theaters on October 18th. I know. I can't wait.


Hey weirdos, I'm Ash You. You're and I'm Alina and This is Morbid This Is Morbid. Were you laughing at? It was. It was almost, We paused before recording this because Mikey was leaving the room and when he said it's recording, Ash said, I'm waiting for you to leave. No, I said, I'm waiting. Didn't I say I'm waiting for you to close the door? Something like that. It, but we were like Waiting for you to get the fuck outta Here.


I'm waiting for you to be out of my fucking presence for you to start my show. Whoa. We're in a place called Space, Had a diet Coke. Different from a Baja blast, but different. Same in its results where I just get go go crazy. Yeah. I mean it was a busy weekend. It was a busy weekend. So, and there's a busy Couple weeks ahead of us. I have like always like has been the case the last couple years. I don't know when this comes out. So I don know if you're gonna get this two weeks And I will have already, I think I'm already at book things. I think you've finished them. Okay. What? Either, either it's going great or if, if it was great.


If so, if, if you're listening early and add free, then we're at book things right now. Oh, it's so much fun. And if you don't, we have already been at book things. It is. Hey everybody who's listening to it as it's happening, it's going great. It's Awesome. We're having a lot of fun. You guys rule who are there. Our outfits are phenomenal. Hey everybody, that it's already happened last week. It went so well. And thank you for being there. And our Outfits were phenomenal. It's true. And you've seen them by now. Time and space. I'm really just in it for the cute fits. Yeah. Time and space don't mean anything. They mean everything. Whoa. Contradictions. Quite the contrary. Yeah. You can still buy the book though.


Buy it regardless. Book of when you're listening to this, you should buy the Butcher game. You can get it@thebutchergame.com. You can get it anywhere you get books. By the time this is out, it's probably gonna be on a shelf somewhere. And that's fun. Go grab It. That's really cool. I'm also gonna sign a bunch randomly. Just gonna go around to different places. So I'll let you know when I do In different states even. Yeah, it's Gonna be crazy. Yeah, it's gonna be this. I can't believe you're going on like a literal sort of book Tour. Yeah. I mean it's a, it's a little teeny tiny one, but It's still a tour. Yeah. A okay. It's, it's a tour for me. I can tell you that much. But I'm excited. I'm excited. Or I was excited. Whenever you're listening, who knows.


Yeah. But you know what I'm, I am eager to tell the story Yeah. Of this case because this case isn't solved. Really. Oh, it has a determination. Okay. To it. but it is controversial. Oh, the determination And. I'd like to give you all the information or as much information as I could find. Okay. And that Dave could find and then you guys can make your own determinations. But this family really, really would like this to be out there and they're really trying to get attention on it still. And they have been for a long time. Yeah. They've been fighting the good fight.


So it's important that after you listen to this, have your theories. Yeah. But just remember that like, none of us know what happened here and there's real people and that there's truly, there's truly evidence and lack of evidence for both theories. Okay. So there's no like, it's not cut and dry, in my opinion. It is not cut and dry either way. Okay. So it's just important to remember that, that none of us have the evidence to say either way. So, you know, hopefully we will have it at some point. That'd be great. That's, that's the whole thing is I hope that they get to reopen this whole thing and they actually get evidence that they've been looking for either way, just so this family can know what happened.


Have answers. Yeah. Because it really is one of those things where they just don't know what happened. And that's, and that's gotta be really shitty. I feel like a lot of people say that's even worse than knowing Yeah. Is not knowing. That's the thing I feel like, because then I don't know, it's, I don don't even close your, I always say don don't know if that's the word. Yeah. But just don don't know. You just wanna know. Yeah. You know when it's your loved one. So this is The Mysterious Death of Tiffany Valiante. Okay. It's definitely a mysterious death. Yeah. You're gonna, I think everybody's gonna be scratching their heads at the end of this. Her name sounds familiar. Yeah. So Tiffany Valiante and was born March 3rd, 1997. She was the youngest child born to Steven and Diane Valiante.


and from a pretty early age, Tiffany showed that she was a true athlete. Yeah. Like really athletic. She showed a real aptitude with softball in junior high. And then she ended up playing volleyball in high school. Nice. And she was so good volleyball. Like so good volleyball. She went to volleyball was hard. Yeah. And it's, it's so taxing on your body. Yeah. It is like crazy. She went to Oakcrest High School and she was one of their star athletes. Wow. Like truly made a, an impression. And it was actually for that reason, for her skill in leadership abilities in volleyball in high school, that she ended up earning a sports scholarship to attend Mercy College in New York in the fall of 2015. Wow. Good for her.


That's a big deal. That's huge. They don't just hand those out. No. When she went there, she was planning to study criminal justice. Hey. But unfortunately, while she was so excited about her college career to begin her life was tragically cut short before she even made it to New York. Oh no. So she was never able to make it to college, which is so sad. On the afternoon of July 12th, 2015, Tiffany went to a graduation party at the home of her cousin and this home was right across the street from her own family house. Oh wow. She, you know, spent the day hanging out. She was swimming, hanging out with family around the pool and the party started to kinda wind down in the early evening. So she went back home across the street.


She showered, she changed. And she had plans for later in the night. Yeah. So she was gonna be doing that now as the graduation party was wrapping up, Diane Valiante and who is Tiffany's mother. Yeah. Got a phone call from one of Tiffany's friends and this phone call, this friend said, I have to speak to you right away. So they were like, okay. So they were like, she was like, meet me at the house. So Diane and her husband, Tiffany's dad said their goodbyes to everybody at the party and they left and went home. When they got there, they saw that Tiffany's friend and her mother were, were pulled into the driveway and they both jumped outta the car and apparently immediately started like getting upset.


Okay. And they were accusing Tiffany of taking her friend's debit card and using it without her permission. Okay. So they were like basically coming to like tell Tiffany her parents Tiffany's mother. Yeah. Like this is what happened. Diane said that she remembers there was a lot of yelling. So of course they grabbed Tiffany. They were like, what the hell's going on? She denied it and said I didn't do any of it. So after the friend and the mother ended up leaving, 'cause they were like, we're gonna let you guys handle this. Yeah. Diane was like, you know, maybe, you know, they were in Tiffany's car together. Maybe this friend just like dropped the debit card in the car or something. Yeah. Like let's go check your car and see if it's in some of the crevices or something that I can't even tell you how many fucking times that's Happened to me.


Yes. But as they were doing that, she did catch t Tiffany trying to hide the girl's credit card in her pocket. Okay. So Diane was pissed. Yeah. Because she was like, you stole a girl's credit card. What the hell or debit card? And you lied to me and you lied to me. Yeah. That was like the big thing. Like you just made me look crazy here. Like what the hell? Which like, teenagers do Shitty things. Of course this is really shitty teenage stuff. But she was mad. Yeah. But she lectured her like basically like, you know, you can't do this. That's horrible, blah blah. Yeah. And she said Tiffany seemed very remorseful and explained. It was just like poor judgment. Like a moment of poor judgment. don don't think she, I don't think she really gave a good explanation.


Like even her mom was like, that explanation seemed very like halfhearted. Maybe There just wasn't one. I feel like sometimes you do things when you're a teenager. I honestly, And you don't even know why Impulsivity. Yeah. It's like, who knows? Yeah. Who knows if the, the friend and her got into like a little spat argument. Right. I'm not saying it's okay that she took Her credit card. No, obviously Not. I'm just saying like teenage stuff sometimes doesn't make any rational sense whatsoever. Exactly. So Diane went back inside to get her husband 'cause she was gonna explain what had just happened. Yeah. And they both went back outside to talk to Tiffany and Tiffany was gone. Okay. She was just in the driveway and now she's not. Diane said she was out by the car. I walked inside to get my husband.


I only left her for one minute. I walked back out and she wasn't there. What? Yeah. So this was strange to her parents, Diane and Steve. They were like, what? They were like, she wouldn't have just left. Like she's not a kid who stomps off in the night and goes and leaves. Yeah. That's just not what happened. She was like, and this argument wasn't like explosive. It's not like they were like, she's screaming and yelling and all that. They were just, she was like, T like, what the hell? Like what's going on? Yeah. She's giving the explanation. She like, I gotta talk To Your dad. If I buy that, I'm gonna go talk to your dad. Yeah. It wasn't anything crazy that she would like go running off into the wild blue yonder. And even You think like she went to get, the mother went to get the father and then they go back outside and she's gone like you.


I just picture them walking to the end of the driveway and like looking down the street and Nots seen her anywhere. She literally, she was like, not only would she not have done that, but I don't think she could have done that. Like, she was like that fast. don don't know how she would've left the property in the time it took me to get in and out. Like it was like shocking. She was like, I didn't stay in there for a while. Like I got her father and brought him outside. Yeah. Right. Like she would've had to run. Right. Essentially. And again, it was like an argument, but it wasn't like this crazy heated argument. And Tiffany had a phobia of the dark. Oh, okay. Like she was literally like had that phobia. She couldn't handle the dark. Yeah. And by the time they had returned from the party, the sun had gone down completely.


It was dark. So she would not be walking into the darkness by herself. And we'll get more into that later because like there was like coaches that knew this about her. Like everyone in her life knew that she could not be in the dark. Oh wow. So they were like, all of them were like, she would not have walked out into the darkness. Yeah. It just wouldn't be something she could physically do like or emotionally do. Yeah. So Diane and Steven went back across the street to see if maybe she returned to the graduation party, like went there. Yeah. I could see them. Like thinking that. Yeah. No one at her cousin's house had seen Tiffany since she left the party earlier. And Then you just think that she like, yeah, there's so much family and friends in this one consolidated area and she just fucking just poof, vanished.


Well, and so they called her phone a bunch of times and nobody answered. So they were like, alright, the only thing I can think of is that she left out of anger. But like, even though that doesn't make sense, that's literally the only thing I can think of. Yeah. So they called her sisters, Jesse and Crystal and her uncle Michael Valiante. and who was a former New Jersey straight trooper. Oh, okay. To help find her. They all split up. They drove all around the neighborhood looking for her. They didn't see her at all. Nowhere. That doesn't make any sense. Yeah. And after two hours, no sign of Tiffany. So she had to have gotten in a car like very quickly. It's like possibly abducted. Yeah. That's literally, so a little after 11:00 PM Steven, her father went back to the house and was walking up the driveway and he spotted something in a pile of leaves at the edge of the Ante's property.


and he leaned down to look and it was Tiffany's cell phone. Oh, my stomach just flipped. Yeah. Oh God. Tiffany's cell phone in a pile of leaves at their home. Yeah. Like right on the edge of their property. Yeah. And he said he panicked immediately like an alarm right away. He said Tiffany never went anywhere without her cell phone. No one does. And Diane said she even bought a waterproof case so she could bring it into the shower. Wow. Like, you know, so when they found that, they were like, fuck. Like what does that mean? Like, what is going on? So within the half hour finding that they reported her missing to the police, now the family continued searching for Tiffany for several more hours.


But they found no sign of Herb besides that cell phone. And as this is going on, about four miles from their home officials from the New Jersey Transit police had started gathering to investigate an accident on the Atlantic City rail line. According to the student engineer who was driving the train, had been traveling to Atlantic City from Philadelphia at 80 miles per hour and had just reached mile marker 45 when a pedestrian dove in front of the train from an east to west direction. Oh, wow. So at the time it was impossible to identify this person. Yeah. The impact of the train had crushed her skull and destroyed any identifying features.


And also what they could see, they were confused by, because this victim was dressed only in underwear. So they didn't have any identifying documentation like a driver's license or a student Id like they, it was just this person they couldn't identify in their underwear. Like only underwear. Only underwear. Okay. Now, because of this, the individual was pronounced as a person. That's all they could pronounce them as. Oh my God. And the remains were removed from the scene and taken to the medical examiner's office. And, I say the remains. 'cause at this point, they literally didn't know who this was. Okay. Like, could not determine whether it was a woman, a man, a child, anything. Like they couldn't figure out any of this.


Wow. And the accident was immediately believed to be a suicide. Okay. So at the time, the investigators didn't treat it like a crime scene, which that's not good. We, we've seen this before. When they go in with a preconceived notion, shit goes awry. And that's when these kind of things go on for years. Why don't you just treat it like a crime? Right. Until you are 100% shown otherwise. Yeah. 'cause you can't just rule that out right. Off that. No, you can't. I mean people stage things to look like suicides all the time. And also what, what a, you know what a way to make sure this person in the marks that you inflicted upon them are not identified.


Right. Throw them in front of a train. Yep. They're not gonna be able to tell anything that happened to them before that. Like it's absolutely would be a thing. Yeah. So why are you not even considering that? And they're in their underwear, which is immediate is a little strange. Big strange. So again, they didn't treat it like a crime scene. So things that would've ordinarily and obviously been collected as evidence, like broken pieces of a charm bracelet that were scattered across the tracks were just left behind. Oh, just The thought of That. Or handled carelessly. The Thought of that is so sad. Yeah. Just like a charm bracelet. Yeah. Oh, I hate that. Oh, it's awful.


I feel like fall is that time of year where everything kind of falls back into place. Ha ha. Fall. You get into your routine and you're back to your rituals. And one ritual that deserves to be added to all of your fall priorities is daily hydration and energy from Liquid iv. Liquid IV hydration multiplier plus energy delivers a hundred milligrams of natural caffeine plus three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drinks. So you can accomplish all the things you want and need to do. And they've combined their popular peach flavor with a highly requested blackberry to awaken your senses and keep you coming back for more. I am super excited to try that flavor because I am a liquid IV connoisseur. I have a freaking pack of Liquid IV in every purse that I own. Probably most pair of jeans because you can literally just throw it in your back pocket. It's that convenient. I just love how convenient it is. I love how it makes me feel, especially after a workout I've been doing bar lately. And I chug a Liquid IV after And I just feel good. I feel like I could take on my day tear, pour and live more. One stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Start a new ritual with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code Morbid at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today Using promo code Morbid at liquid iv.com.


With HelloFresh, you get Farm Fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered red tea to a step. Skip those trips to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, and affordable. That's why it's America's number one meal kit. Guys, we all know that home cooked meals are so much better for you, but you don't always have time to pull it off. But with HelloFresh handling all the meal planning, all the shopping, and most of the prep, it's easier than ever to get dinner on the table. Quick and painless. You can also easily customize your meals with proteins or veggie swaps. And don't forget to check out HelloFresh Market for more delicious add-on items to jazz up your weekly deliveries. Drew And I are personally obsessed with HelloFresh. I like to have at least two in the fridge at all times just for when life gets chaotic and it just says Cook me And. I do. And my life gets better For free Breakfast for Life, go to HelloFresh dot com slash free Morbid one free breakfast item per box while subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to HelloFresh dot com slash Morbid. Again, that is HelloFresh dot com slash free. Morbid HelloFresh is America's number one meal kit.


Now in the early hours of the morning, as the Valiante and family's concern is Growing Slowly growing into full-blown panic. Michael Ante, the uncle received a call from a former coworker asking him to come down to the medical examiner's office. Oh no. When this person was discovered on the tracks, New Jersey Transit officers contacted local police and they asked them, are there any missing persons reports that have happened recently? That's when they heard that Tiffany Valiante had been reported missing. So because of that, investigators believed they were extending professional courtesy by contacting Michael first. Yeah. Instead of grabbing Diane and Steven first.


Yeah. I kind of get That. I can understand that after speaking with Michael Valiante and and having him come down Transit police determined that the remains were Tiffany. What? Yeah. So Diane said, I remember a car pulling in and my brother-in-law got outta the backseat. I heard him say Tiffany got hit by a train and my two kids were just screaming and my husband is screaming And. I'm like, what did you just say to me? Because like, what, how Could you even process that? She was in the drive. What are you talking about? She was standing next to my car. Right. One minute she's gone and now she's got hit by a train. By a train. Like, what are you talking about? Incredible shock. And again, they had just been celebrating Tiffany's graduation.


Right? Like, What the fuck? What do you mean? So to make it all worse, the investigators who relayed the news were unable to give any real details about what had happened at the moment. Diane said, they just said she was hit by a train. They didn't tell us anything else. We thought she was in the car with someone that the car got hit. Like they're like, they don't even know that she got physically hit by a train. Like just her person. Yeah. So the details the Valiante and family were seeking finally came the next morning, but not from police or transit authority investigators, but from the local press. Great. Yeah. The article described how Tiffany was quote struck by a train after refusing to move when the conductor sounded its horn.


Just to tell you ahead of time, that will be disproven. Yeah. And also somebody said they like she dove in front of the train. Yeah. Which, Well, there's several stories that makes you wonder. She's thrown. Well, there's several stories the student engineer tells and then eventually is found to be lying. Great. 'cause of the sounding the horn thing. No, I guess we'll see about that. Okay. The authorities had labeled her death quote, an apparent suicide. And the news shocked everybody, including the Valiante and who couldn't understand why the fuck the press was reporting Tiffany's death as a suicide within hours of it happening hours. And Diane said, my husband called the paper up to tell them that was wrong.


But 'cause of course they don't, they're like, this must be so hard to keep. Yeah. You Just don't going on, don't anything yet. And the press is like, guess what? Yeah. And so they called the transit police and they confirmed that less than twenty four hours after Tiffany had died, and without any consideration of any alternative explanations, it was just labeled a suicide. That was the end. They didn't investigate at all. Okay. So the news came to Tiffany's friends as very bewildering as well. They had never seen any indication of depression or potential self harm, which of course we all know sometimes that happens. So that's not like a total perfect indication of what's going on with somebody. A lot of times I mean, I think we just covered one recently where, you know, somebody said they were acting totally fine the day before.


Yeah. And like, why, why would this happen? Why would they do that? Right. I think it's just one of those things. But you absolutely can like, at least take them as like at their word. Yeah. That like they, she didn't show any indication. Right. Her friend said she had everything going for her and she did because she received a volleyball scholarship to Mercy College in New. York. She'd already connected with her future roommate there. Like they had already started bonding. She'd made a long list of summer plans with friends and family and what, from what they could see, she didn't have a personal history that you would expect to see in a teen who has contemplated suicide. Yeah. She didn't have a history of mental illness.


She had a large support system of family and friends. She did have tension with her parents. She was a teenager name a teenager that doesn't, and like, you know, she didn't have like the, it sounds like, you know, they, they were in a rough patch. Yeah. That their relationship, which again, not an indication that like, not a total perfect like confirmation. This is why it would happen. But Diane and Steven said they couldn't think of anything that would explain a suicide either. No. Which again, we all know it's one of those things, sometimes it does happen. Yeah. When no one can see it, you know? but it does sound like in this case there's some weird, but in this case it sounds like there shady shit. There was definitely no indication like outwardly that this was happening.


Right. but it sounds like shady shit is coming. Well, that's, and also what you're gonna see too is like people had different interpretations of what went on. Okay. So it's like there's that to consider as well. But again, there's really, to me, there's no concrete evidence of suicide here. Okay. There's circumstantial for sure. Right. But there's also circumstantial evidence to at least entertain the idea that there was foul of play here. Yeah. I think there's, there's evidence to be said on both sides and there's evidence against both sides. And that's why, that's why I can't, everything should just be investigated from the, that's why I think it just from the start needs to be like, 'cause it was mishandled and you'll see how much it, nobody can deny this was mishandled. But again, as Dr. Michelle Scott, who is a professor at Monmouth University, told reporters after the death, she was basically saying what we were saying.


She said, well, everything may look fine on the outside. There could be an eternal struggle going on that no one knows about. And she mentioned times of transition such as the end of high school or the end of the school year can trigger depression issues. And sometimes kids can act rationally. Absolutely true. But again, she wasn't going off into like the wild blue yonder without a plan, without some bonds forming, like, you know. Yeah. She, she had a scholarship. That's a big deal. She liked playing sports, so she was gonna be able to play more sports at a high, higher level. Right. She was going to a university she was excited about, had plans to study criminal justice. She had already connected with that roommate. Like she was, she was going forth, you know?


Yeah. And again, as like people will mention like there was a strained relationship in the house and like things were a little tense. Okay, sure. Maybe like, I'm not, I wasn't there, but she was gonna be going to college. Yeah. So if there was, there was an end in sight, I'm gonna college, you know, like Yeah. But again, it's, it's really hard to, to say, to understand what people are going through when you're not in their head. Now, like I said, even though it seemed like everything was fine, she was at least dealing with a little bit of that emotional upset, like the strained relationships. Years later in a deposition, one of Tiffany's friends said she had recently come out to her parents. And while they say they were generally supportive of her, the friend believes things may have been more strained than usual in recent weeks.


Okay. Her uncle Michael also stated that there was at least some turmoil happening, you know, in the house or in her life leading up to that. Nothing earth shattering. Yeah. But just, she wasn't like the happiest go luckiest in the weeks leading up to this. 'cause she had some stuff going on. Yeah. In his statement to the New Jersey State police, which he gave in the early morning hours after her death, he told the detective that Tiffany quote had gotten into some trouble the day before as well, as well as the day of her graduation party. And her friend stated that she had cut herself and was extremely upset.


Okay. So she, that is like history of self harm. Yes. But he also reported that Tiffany's relationship with her parents again, wa Kiana had had some tension in that she quote was extremely dis star distraught over some of the things that had happened. I want you to take all that, but hold onto it. Okay. 'cause it's not exactly what it seems. Okay. Yeah. So four days after Tiffany's death, investigators brought in Bloodhounds to track Tiffany's scent in an effort to find any of additional details. I mean, again, she was found in her underwear. She didn't leave in her underwear. You didn't wear I mean, where's her clothing? Exactly. So the hounds traced her path from the ante's driveway and Mae's landing along the rocky overgrown wooded area along the train tracks.


And then the trail ended in the remote area of woods where she ultimately died. And despite having walked the entire route, Tiffany supposedly took that night, they were unable to locate any of her belongings, including her shoes, her shorts, anything. Well, that doesn't make any sense. And the investigators felt that the dogs had confirmed their belief that she had become distraught and left the house after fighting with her mother and eventually found herself standing at the tracks. Okay. That's how they took it. Okay. Again, I'm a little confused, Especially with the phob where her clothes go. Where is her clothes in the phobia of the darkness? Like walking in the middle of the woods Into Exactly. In new, in New Jersey.


Yeah. That's some densely Yes. Wooded areas and it's like Pitch Black. Yeah. Now, based on the statement taken from Michael Valiante and, and the description of the accident provided by the student engineer driving the train, the medical examiner labeled the death of suicide and closed the case. Five days later, Diane and Steven had Tiffany's remains cremated. Oh. Which Diane did later say was the quote, worst decision of her life. Oh. But she said at the time she quote, just assume the investigators did what they were supposed To do I mean. Yeah. Why wouldn't you assume that? Not which She can't. Yeah. Or like to believe that, you know, yeah. They're supposed to do what they what they do, But my goodness.


Oh, it made, it made their lives a lot harder. Well, I can't imagine having to even make that decision. Yeah. Of what to do with your child's remains. Yeah. You would never feel, feel like you made the right decision and Remains that are not in great condition. Right. It's not like you're gonna be able to have an open casket funeral. Right. It's not like you're, you know, I'm sure that played in, that might have played into it. You know, I was wondering that myself. Yeah. That like, I don't want, this isn't who she was kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So the antes held a memorial mass for Tiffany on July 20th, and everyone assumed that, you know, that the case was closed. We just grieve now. But the natural process of grieving kept getting interrupted because so many questions kept popping up and weird inconsistencies are popping up, aside from their disbelief that Tiffany would even have contemplated much less completed suicide.


There was a lot of strange aspects of the case that they just couldn't figure out. They were like, this just isn't, it's not all fitting into the pieces here. The biggest one being where the fuck are her clothes? Exactly. Do Those get found? Yes. Okay. So for one, when she disappeared from the house that night, we're talking about the clothes. Now she had been wearing a shirt, shorts, nuke shoes, and a headband. But when she was struck by the train, she was only in her underwear and event investigators. Eventually after more searching did find her shirt in the woods nearby, but only Her shirt, They found her shirt next to, are you ready?


An ax with red markings? Oh, what the fuck? Yep. Yep. A r an ax with red markings on it. What I li I'm not kidding you, I have goosebumps all over my entire body right now. Yeah. Like my legs have goosebumps. Yeah. What the fuck? We're gonna get back to that. So don't worry. Hold onto that one too. Only And only, this is why You can't just take the suicide I face value. No. And only her shirt. So where's her shoes? Shorts and headband. We'll find those too. What The Fuck? So it wasn't just the missing evidence and what they believed was investigators complete unwillingness to consider alternatives that gave the Valiante and some pause here.


It was also that the facts were not looking to support investigators conclusions. It looked like the other way around. Very much so. According already. Yeah. According to her sister Jessie, the family found it impossible to believe that late on a summer night, she would suddenly leave a family gathering, discard her cell phone, walk from our family's home. This is a quote in MA's landing more than four miles to a remote thickly, wooded section of railroad tracks. And along the way remove her jean shorts, headband and sneakers before stepping onto the tracks and in front of a train traveling at 80 miles per hour. That doesn't make any sense. Like When you really lay it out like that, you're like, it's a what?


Like it's the clothes for me. Like I, yeah. I just feel like God forbid, if she was going to end her life, why would she dress? Why take off all your clothes? She dress first. I I people do For Sure. Things at the end of their life that are hard to explain. That's, but that's Why this is so confusing. Yeah. Because you can really look at either side of this and you can say, yeah, you can't discount suicide. You can't. No. But you also can't discount that there was foul play Here because then you go to the ax with the, you can't with the red markings on it, it next to her shirt. Yeah. You can, you have to see both sides of that. At least I can plainly see that there's not significant evidence to say that this is totally a suicide.


Yeah, No, but there's not significant evidence to say the other side. But there's significant evidence, some evidence to question both of those things. Yes, 100%. And to open again and really take a look. But as we'll see, mishandled now, not only was the behavior itself outside of character for Tiffany, whose toxicology report showed no signs of drug or alcohol in her system, but the time of day that she disappeared again made it more unbelievable like we've been saying. Her fear of the dark, according to Diane, it was so severe that she was quote petrified of the dark and would normally never venture anywhere alone at night. Especially not the middle of the fucking woods.


Exactly. And other family and friends also said that time of day was just, they were like, she had a crippling fear of the dark. It wasn't like scared. I don't like the dark. Yeah. It was a crippling fear. And Allison Walker, who coached Tiffany's junior travel volleyball team said, it's just not the Tiffany. I knew Tiffany was deathly afraid of the dark, had to have the TV on if the room was dark. The thought of her choosing to walk through, not just the dark alone, but a dark wooded area alone. Never in my wildest dreams would that happen. No, That's the thing. And in the weeks following their daughter's death, Diane took to, started going on like long walks, just trying to clear her head. Of Course. Yeah. You know, grieving. Yeah. Trying to grieve any way she could.


Right. It was during one of these walks through the woods. Don't You dare even tell me that she found her daughter's Clothing. And this is the thing. It was, she was, it was the woods leading towards the tracks because she would go on this like walk probably just to, you know, maybe try To get in her head space too. In Tiffany's head space. She spotted something under a tree, set back about a dozen feet from the tracks. When she got closer, she found Tiffany's shoes. She said they were quote neatly lined up as though they'd been placed there carefully. She also found her headband a large key chain, like those usually affixed to rental car keys and a sweatshirt she'd never seen before.


What the fuck? And the fact that investigators searched this area. Yeah. And didn't see that. Which means possibly two things. One, they didn't investigate well enough because those things were always there. Or two, somebody went back and put Them there. Exactly. And either way, Fucking weird. And the location was not along the route. The bloodhounds had traced weeks earlier and it was well over a mile from where Tiffany had been struck by the train. So that makes no sense. Yeah. That would mean she'd have to take her headband and shoes off. And whose key chain is that in? Whose Sweatshirt? In his sweatshirt. Yep. And yeah, so when the medic, I'm, I'm sorry, I'm dumbfounded.


Yeah. And it gets wilder how even so when the medical examiner performed his evaluation of Tiffany's remains, there was no mention of her feet being super dirty or having sustained any injuries, Which you would think they would if she was walking barefoot through the Fucking woods. Woods. She would've had to walk almost two And, two almost two miles bare feet through the woods. You're Gonna get Cut. And that's over rocky dirty terrain to get where she was at the train. Yeah.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults we sometimes lose that curiosity. What's something you wanna learn? Gardening a new language. Maybe. How to finally beat your best friend in bowling therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. I am a big believer in therapy. I love therapy. I think I am a better person when I'm in therapy. I love having that one time in the week where I can talk to my therapist. And. I, love that therapy has made me a better communicator. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. Switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you could be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I have been listening to the title Slew Foot and that narrator's voice just lulls me into a dreamland. I feel like I'm walking through the forest alongside her. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. And let me tell you something, I'm keeping sl foot. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


So Diane called her husband, who called the state police and directed them to the location to get the Evidence smart of her to not even touch that. And the couple assumed the discovery of new evidence that completely contradicted the early conclusion of suicide would finally lead to a full investigation of what happened to their daughter. I think anyone with any kind of gray matter between their ears would probably feel the same. Are You ready to get really angry? Yeah. So they're like, cool, we're gonna get an investigation now. 'cause what the fuck? Whose shit is this? Right? Like what's going on? Before the evidence could be analyzed, transit detectives misplaced the key chain. Oh. And they misplaced the acts don't know where it went and they have never been found.


That is the most negligent shit. There is a possible this woman got, this young woman got hit by a train. She had her skull crushed by a train supposedly. And there's an ax found with red markings on it. And before you can test that ax, it gets misplaced. And then so the ax That would've co that dream would've covered up any blow from an ax. Yeah, a hundred percent. So the ax went missing. And the key chain And the key chain that she didn't know where that key chain was From. What about the sweatshirt? I have no idea What Well they also ended up finding Tiffany's shirt on one along the route and it had just been put in a knotted plastic bag when it was collected.


Like when they collected it, instead of putting it in an actual evidence container in that nodded plastic bag that the investigators just threw it into had grown mold due to improper handling and was deemed completely untestable. What's going on here? Yeah. don don't know how any, I understand why people have ideas about what they think happened here because obviously, but like you gotta at least question this Stuff. Like what is No, that's some, that's some shady shit going On because even if you think it was a suicide, it's like well what's going on here? Like what? How do you, how don Don't know how you misplace an axe. That's what I don't have. That's A big problem For me.


That's a big problem for me. I've lost a lot of things in my life. Never. 10 fingers up. Everybody ready? Go. Never have I ever lost an axe. Yeah, I've never done that. And I'm willing to bet not many of you put a finger down. Well, in the poor Valiante and family, this is could have been vital evidence. Of course. And what a fucking disappointment. And They found it. And to hear that it was just mishandled and lost Like that would leave such a bad feeling in my gut. And so while the evidence may have gone missing, the statements taken from the student engineer about the night of Tiffany's death remains, oh this motherfucker. And as far as the Valiante and were concerned there, they only confirmed their suspicion that somebody something somebody was hiding something.


Yeah. Because in his initial statement to the transit police, the student engineer told the detective quote, as he approached mile marker 45, the pedestrian dove in front of the train. Now this would imply that Tiffany jumped in front of the train, which gave the train no time to stop. Yeah. Because she had just dove in front of it. But then in later interviews, the student engineer described Tiffany as standing on the tracks. Those are two very different things, very Different things. Also, he told detectives he'd seen Tiffany quote, jump or dive a distance of 15 to 20 feet from a standing position. Is that possible?


Like Either way? Those are three very different things. And he said those all in one sitting or at different times? Different times. Okay. But when investigators examined the area from which she supposedly jumped, they found it was covered with trees and a built up stone railway grade, which would have made jumping very difficult. Finally the student engineer said he sounded the train's horn multiple times before the impact. But Tiffany didn't make any attempt to move. But investigators check the train's black box that it has. Oh, it showed that the horn had not been used at All. Sounded Not at all. He said several times And she didn't move.


Not once. Why would you lie about that? It's like they didn't teach you in train school that there's a black box that if you say the horn sounded not Train school, like not train school. And Then when you say the horn sounded, they can go check and see if the horn sounded like you're gonna get caught. My head. I actually didn't even know that. Like you should know that as a student engineer. I feel like that's like student engineer 1 0 1 is like here's a black box. I feel like train school. Am I right? Like train School? So what's that about? Did she dive in front of the train and you couldn't stop? Was she standing on the tracks and refused to move? Right. Or was she standing and then dove 15 to 20 feet And also, did you sound the horn?


No you didn't. 'cause we've already checked. So what happened? Student engineer? I don't what? I'm so confused. Yeah. But the final pieces of compelling evidence collected by the Valiante and and the weeks after Tiffany died were the most haunting I would say. Oh no. Just moments after Diane went inside to get her husband after she had the, the argument with Tiffany. Yeah. A hunter's trap camera captured an image of Tiffany walking down the driveway. Phone in hand. Phone In hand. And when Diane came out of the house just seconds later, her daughter was gone and there was no sign of her in either direction. That camera caught her walking to the end of the driveway with her phone.


And her mom came out a minute later and she was gone. So she had to have gotten in a car. Right. Well it says when they retrieved the cell phone data from the carrier, it showed that a call came into the phone about a half hour after Tiffany disappeared and it was answered. Would she, sorry, would she have died by that? Well later the phone was discovered at the edge of the Ante's property. So she, there's no, How could Tiffany have answered the phone? Right. If the phone was several miles from where she was at that point, right. The phone was back at the Ante's property when she was already Yeah, at the train tracks. Yeah.


How did someone answer the phone unless that phone was put thereafter? You wish they knew? Like who called? So they could say like, was it Tiffany that an I mean? Obviously it's not Tiffany that answered. No. So who the, like was it a man's voice? Was it a woman's voice? It's Such a mystery. Like how did all of this, and when you look it up the the camera, like the photo is very haunting. I, yeah, I bet So. Because Tiffany's cause of death had been lift listed as a suicide and no one had been able to provide like solid evidence to argue otherwise. Oh, I just looked up that picture.


State and local authorities had no reason to reopen the case according to them and further investigate, which don don't know about that. Right. But after a year of just frustration, grief, and unanswered questions, Diane and Steven Valiante and finally decided to take action in order to compel the medical examiner's office to just change the cause of death. Right. They just wanted it changed from suicide to undetermined. Yeah. That's all they were. Because if they did that then it would allow the case to be reopened. But because they were refusing to do anything, they couldn't reopen it. Right. So in July, 2016, the Valiante and reached out to the Dato law firm. Okay. Which was a local agency who agreed to take the case pro bono actually.


And in a statement to the press, Paul Dato said, we looked at all her medical records, there wasn't any suggestion of any alcohol problems, drug problems, or depression. And he said the state's inquiries was flawed, it was unprofessional, uninformed. And it relied on equally superficial investigative efforts by New Jersey Transit. The medical examiner's finding regarding manner of death issued only five days after the incident should unquestionably be retracted and nullified I mean. Yeah. Now usually for like civil law lawsuits are usually for financial compensation. That's usually the end game. But the Valiante and were not looking for a fucking dime. Yeah. They just wanted justice this change so they could reopen the case.


That's all they were looking for here. And also by filing the suit, dato would cause to subpoena any records and evidence related to the incident and for new interviews to be conducted for any investigators, anything, anybody that was overlooked. Right. So this kind of helped like get it going without get it going kind of thing. Like it was like once you open the lawsuit, you kind of have to dig into the case a little bit. Right. He said we believe there are people out there who know something, including several people who were not interviewed by New Jersey Transit. So that's weird. So the first lawsuit, which was filed against the medical examiner's office and then a few other state agencies that were first involved in the initial investigation claimed a lot of things.


But one of the things it claimed was Tiffany Valiante and did not take her life, but that she was the victim of a conspiracy to inflict bodily harm violently abducted on the night of July 12th, 2015, and subsequently murdered the Valiante and believed that instead of what they were like investigators were saying that she jumped out in front of the train as authorities were saying she was kidnapped from the front yard murdered. And her killer had hid his crime by hurling her in the path of an oncoming locomotive. You can see why people might think that. Which is un it's believable. It is believable. Like this is not out of the realm of, of possibility. Not at all. And again, if it's not out of the realm of possibility and there are things that you can match up with this, that's cause enough for me to open it back up.


Absolutely. There is. So a year later when the case still hadn't reached the court, dato amended the lawsuit, removing the various state agencies and instead filing the claim against male doze one to five and female doze one to five. I'm, their names are kind of like erroneous here. So just a bunch of people. Okay. Like specific people. While the complaint itself remained like pretty much intact and it relied on the same complaints and circumstantial evidence that the family had raised, raised pre previously, it also had some new statements including testimony from Louise Houseman who was a former medical investigator for the Atlantic County Medical Examiner's office.


Okay. Houseman was brought in to review all the information collected and she did, and anything that the family had collected in the two years since Tiffany's death. And after carefully considering the evidence, she concluded, quote, there are enough unanswered questions, false statements, conflicting accounts regarding this fatality and incomplete investigative information. Which leads me to the conclusion that the death certificate should be amended from suicide to undetermined. Absolutely. Now, while Houseman's evaluation pointed to the evidence, the inconsistencies, you know, other previously mentioned unusual aspects of this whole case as reason enough to reopen the investigation, she also noted that the medical examiner's assessment of the circumstances of the death included inaccurate, unsubstantiated and false information.


This false information and unsubstantiated information included various statements attributed to several of Tiffany's friends and her uncle. I was waiting for that to come Back, which were used to justify the determination of suicide. All those parties claimed they never made those statements or that they were Yeah. What the fuck? Or that they were taken and twisted What, For example, the case file from New Jersey Transit, which included several statements about Tiffany's supposedly distraught mental state by her uncle Michael Valiante. and he claims he never made them. How are they just like, Yep.


I'm like, did you guys think that this, it wasn't gonna get out what you reported. And her uncle wasn't gonna be like, yeah, I didn't fucking say that. No, they probably didn't care. 'cause look, nothing's happened. I don't know how people can be such shit. Yeah. I really don't. Especially when it comes to like somebody's life and like this family losing their young teenage daughter. Yeah. Just going off to college Of like the prime of her entire life. Well, in those, those statements about her self-harming Yeah. That you were like, that's the history of Nope, he never said that they Weren't and they also weren't supported. Supported by any physical evidence on her body. Are you kidding me? That's a fucked up thing to lie about. Yeah.


And in a statement to the press, Houseman told a reporter, within 36 hours, the medical examiner determined this to be a suicide without any information on her medical history, without anybody talking to the family. There was no investigative done to this. And she's in, in most cases, or in some many cases, when somebody takes their own life, investigators will conduct what's called a psychological autopsy. Okay. They work with the family, the individual's medical team, you know, mental health providers to determine what could have been the circumstances or reasons That makes sense. Just part of the process. Yeah. And that did not happen here. The medical examiner totally skipped this step and instead just relied on his misunderstanding of statements from Tiffany's uncle and friends, all of whom at the time were in like a state of shock at this moment.


Had no idea what was going on. And just didn't even say the things That people, and in some cases people said they said are claiming that they didn't even say these things. Like there should have been some deeper digging. At the very least. This is so fucking shady. Yeah. So in December, news of the lawsuit had reached beyond the local press. And this case was featured in a massive expose on the state's medical examiner system. And in the article, which included a lot of cases because they were really digging in for this, the reporters point to a long list of really shocking shortcomings and flat out failures on the part of the New Jersey medical examiner's office. Oh no body parts going missing.


I'm sorry, what Quote? Decomposing bodies stacked two to a gurney and countless unanswered questions that make it so family members don't have any fucking clue how their family died. Family member died. So has this office been shut down? So also just as like a quick side note 'cause it's just reminding me of it. I, if you guys aren't watching listening to Noble, this podcast, She just recommended it to me today. Yeah. I'm gonna start it on my way home. It's Called Noble. Go listen to it. It's fascinating. It's shocking. It's horrifying and really well done. And Immediately reminded me of The same thing. Hey made me think of it. So the report on the medical examiner's office supported what Dato in the Valiante and had come to believe that even if this is like limited resources or overworked staff, the state was really lax on their investigating of Tiffany's death.


And in this situation, they probably rushed to the conclusion just to move the case from open to closed, get it off their things. I mean if they've got decomposing bodies in a room and like decomposing bodies stacked two to a gurney. Missing body parts. Yeah. Someone being found on a train track and a student engineer claiming that they dove in front of it, get it off our desk. They probably just whoop that. I'm just in a state of absolute bewilderment right now. Yeah.


Have you ever felt a sense of unease when you leave your home wondering if everything's gonna be safe while you're away? I know I've had that feeling before, but it wasn't until that incident in the middle of the blizzard, it was three o'clock in the morning, somebody was banging on my door. And, I didn't know who that was. When I realized how urgently I needed a security system and a freaking camera at the front door. And I knew my family deserved the best. So after some extensive research, I found SimpliSafe And I have loved having SimpliSafe protect my home for like four or five years. At this point, the security and service has exceeded all of my expectations. I love SimpliSafe. I love being able to flick on my cameras and know exactly who's doing what and where on my property. With fast protect monitoring and live guard protections, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free your door camera when you sign up for fast protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So a few months after filing their amended case with the Superior Court, Dato added additional supporting documentation including a statement from Dr. Donald Jason. Dr. Donald Jason was an independent forensic pathologist hired by the Valiante and to review the case, okay, Dr. Jason removed, reviewed the material related to the death and he said, yeah, he said the bias towards suicide negatively affected the way in which the scene was processed by all members of the team, both responding police and medical examiner staff. and he said this was contrary to the standard approach to investigation that dictates investigators to the location as a crime scene until it's determined to be otherwise.


Right. Totally contradictory to that. And after reviewing the information, Dr. Jason concluded the story that the Vic victim jumped onto the tracks is suspicious. The victim may have been sleeping or already dead when the, when struck by the train. Why did they say that? Because they were saying that's a possibility. Oh, okay. Simply put, as far as Dr. Jason could tell, the medical examiner was way too quick to label this death a suicide without first ruling out other possibilities. Right. Which they did not do. They didn't rule out anything else. He actually said quote, I've never seen another case mishandled like this. Wow. Which is something So, and it's literally like a young girl.


Yeah. Like, And this, this story going public and the ante's, you know, putting pressure on this case, it put a lot of pressure on the medical examiner's office and they finally agreed to reevaluate the case. Good. But After But what are they gonna do? And it's the same. It's the same office office. You think they're Shortcoming Two? Unfortunately her body's been cremated. So it's not like you can even exhume the body and No, but they can look back at all the, the reports that they have and the pictures and the everything. But it's, it's the same office. Same office. You think they're gonna come back and be like, wow, we really did up fuck this. We fucked up. But like, I hate when they do that, I'm like, can bring it somewhere else?


Can another office take it over? Like, is that, But you're right, the cremation makes it so difficult. It Does. Yeah. 'cause it's Like unfortunately you have to rely now on what this office documented. Right. And of course they found that the initial finding of suicide was appropriate and they were not gonna change it. Well fuck That. Incorrect. Yeah. So yeah. So the problem with the civil suit that the Valiante and had against the state in the amended suit is that like they, they, so they're alleging that crimes have been committed kidnapping and murder, which we know it could possibly be That it's possible. Yeah. But there's no solid evidence to support that.


And the theory wasn't really expanded upon in these suits in, I feel like in a good way There is some evidence to support that. Like the phone Meanings. Oh no, there's evidence. Yeah. That's the thing. Like there is evidence. Right. but it's like circumstantial, it's like they can't pinpoint it to any person. Yeah. Or any theory of like who this is or why this happened. It's, I'm so fucking angry that they lost quote unquote lost that Ax. Well and that's the thing, it's like, and I'm not, this is, I'm not saying like they don't have compelling evidence. I'm saying the suit did not argue the evidence. Oh, okay. Enough to make a compelling argument for it.


So, and it's like that's frustrating because like they do, there could be a compelling Narrative here. Yeah. Like the biggest one for me is she's found in only her underwear. So strange to Me that looks like there was sexual assault here or something awful. And Especially with her clothes being scattered in different areas Within like a mile of the site all over the place. Like it. Yeah. But the, and the impact of the train had caused considerable damage which hid any, you know, pre-mortem trauma. So it's like you don't have that to go on either. And it's like if they still had the ax, they could have tested the ax, they could have looked up pictures and matched it up with pictures, seeing what you know.


Oh Yeah. I'm wondering too about that sweatshirt. I'm like was DNA testing done on that sweatshirt at all to see if any of Tiffany DNA NA was on that or was done? Nothing was done. Maybe somebody in the system's fucking DNA. Well Also what's even more frustrating 'cause again found in her underwear. Where's the rape kit? Yeah. Never conducted a rape kit or even considered conducting a rape kit. Could they have in the condition that her body was found? Absolutely. They could have. Okay. Absolutely. Why didn't And now they can't ever do that. Now They Can't. But the best dato and the Valiante and could argue was that the location that the investigators discovered some of Tiffany's belongings in along with the acts was also a known party spot with a local fraternity house.


That itself does not tell you anything. 'cause I'm not labeling fraternities as like they're the problem. But this particular one problem was under investigation for past sexual assaults. Dude. So that is suspicious. And also after Tiffany's death, a local Wawa employee told investigators, he overheard a group of teenage boys talking about Tiffany having been kidnapped at gunpoint, humiliated forced to strip down to her underwear and driven to the train station by her abductors. Oh. But they lay, they said it was circumstantial and unsubstantiated.


Can You try to substantiate It? But now we're looking into, that's the thing, can you go fucking interview some people That's pretty on the nose? Go start Asking people in that area if they I mean somebody must have seen something and somebody nuts. Oh, if that's true, somebody out there has a guilty conscience and they better come forward and say some shit. Yes. Because if that actually happened, somebody there Yeah. Felt like that was wrong. Exactly. Someone, you can't tell me that everybody in that room was okay with that if that did happen. Yeah. So come on Forward, let's Go. It's your time to shine. And like we said, the suicide theory is supported by equally circumstantial evidence. Yeah. It's not like the suicide theory has the solid evidence and the other theory doesn't have any.


Nope. There's evidence on both Sides. It's equally as like, ooh. You know, like it's just, I don't even know. I feel like for me at least, I feel like the other side, the foul play side foul more Play is way More. Absolutely. It really does. I agree. Because really the only evidence for suicide in, in my mind is she was in a little bit of trouble and perhaps there was turmoil at home, but nobody even really knows if there was turmoil at home. Because it sounds like people's statements were taken out of context. There was, there Was some, there was some stuff at home. The, the, the mother and Diane and Tiffany had to be ordered to go to therapy together. Okay. At one point. So there definitely was not like, So there's turmoil at home.


It Wasn't rainbows and butterflies, but like whose house is Yeah. But So there's turmoil at home. She just got in trouble, you know, like just finished high school I guess. So that is like, that's the thing. There's like, there is that, that was, it's not like everything was peachy Dory Keen, but Different places. But I feel like there's a way longer list on the side of foul play And that's why it's so Hard. And who knows I mean? Like you hope that that Wawa employee didn't make that up. But like that's a crazy fucking statement. It's wild And it fits perfectly. But who knows? Like you never know when certain details about the case came Out. Yeah. When they leaked all that. That's the thing. You can go back and forth on this, but That is Weird.


Yeah. And. I feel like we've given you two of these in a row. Actually, I just thought of that where it's like you can go on either side and at least put some evidence on either side. I feel like with this one honestly, there's like more Evidence. Well that's the thing. I feel like with both, both of them, I lean more to one side. Yeah. But I can't, Can't completely decide Conclusively say what way I lean completely. I really hope both of these cases get solved now. I'm like, and these par it's been almost 10 years. Yeah. And they don't have any answers. It just Answers. Doesn feel like suicide to me. No, it really doesn't. It doesn't, it doesn't feel like suicide to me. No. And if it is, prove it. That's the thing. Like prove it.


You're not proving it. You're Not proving it. I just feel, and that's the problem people, it doesn't sound like anyone was interviewed ever. Like was anyone spoken to other than like a couple friends and her uncle whose statements were taken out of context or just completely fabricated. Yeah. It just doesn't like Why did They talk to like the coaches and stuff and like people who knew her who, who all agreed she wouldn't have gone wandering into the dark. That was one of the biggest, that's The thing. Things. And then like why didn't anybody, I'm who's to say maybe they did or maybe they didn't. But like did anybody go to that frat house and interview some frat brothers? Just I mean not because like it's a frat house, but because, but Because they had already been, it was under Investigation and then that Wawa employee's Yeah.


Statement. Well, and the problem was too that investigators mishandled this case so badly that evidence was destroyed. Yeah. And completely gone. And he completely fucking lost. Yeah. don don't know how you lose an ax. I really don't know how you Lose, don't an ax And. I don't either. But we see that all the time that they'll be like, oh yeah, we lost it. And every and it's always shady. And it's like, how the fuck does that happen? Because It's always something that would like Probably conclusively. Yeah. That would prove one way or another. And it's like, huh. Well unfortunately the lawsuits were pretty unsuccessful in getting the death certificates changed. But in the years since Tiffany's death, Diane and Steve and Ante have pressed on. They wanna find out the truth.


And in 2019, Dato filed another lawsuit. So he's still on it Good this time against New Jersey Transit and demanded that they share any physical evidence that they could, that would help determine what happened on the night of Tiffany's death. I wonder if there still is any, The process was super slow, but eventually they did get access to the physical evidence, including, So there is, Which I didn't even know about this until the end of this case, including a blood stained towel and a T-shirt. So you would go, wow, I wonder what's gonna happen when they test that. Well they sent it to an independent lab for testing and the lab determined that the items had been so mishandled that they were of no scientific probative value.


No, I'm so mad. Right Ellie, that's according, According to the lab, the items had been improperly stored in plastic containers, which allowed for moisture inducing bacterial contamination that made the evidence of no investigatory value. Who the Fuck is part of this chain of custody? You gotta be, who the fuck this happened twice. A big Ding bag Full of stupid Ding bag To be part of an investigatory team at a fucking scene of a death and not know how to properly store evidence. Where the fuck were you on that day in the academy? Because that's insane. Not happen.


Know how to, how to store evidence so that it doesn't get eaten up by bacteria. How the fuck do you not know that? And also, it already fucking happened once. So you would think that you would literally, especially on the same fucking case, you wouldn't make that mistake again. All Of the evidence for this case was completely Unusable. And that's weird. Yeah. And that doesn't happen. It's At least, at the very least It's fucking, it's fucking suspect sauce. And Pe you should look back into this at the very fucking least, I think. But then it's like, what do you do? Because there's no evidence. I know. Like all of it's contaminated or fucking lost. Well, and in 2022 her Tiffany's case appeared on Netflix's unsolved mysteries. I saw That. Yeah. Diane restated her belief that there was foul play here.


I think there was. And the family also increased the reward for information leading prosecution to $40,000. Wow. It's still uncollected to this day. And the ev the episode of Unsolved Mysteries didn't, didn't really bring in any new information, but it did raise awareness of this case, which Is important. And Steven, her father, said it opened a lot of people's eyes. Everybody heard this nit bit, little piece here, little piece there. But they never knew the whole story until they watched it. Meanwhile, the antes are continuing to work with Paul Dato, which I was like, this guy, that guy in the hopes of finding new information that's gonna lead to any answer, they just want a definitive answer.


And I, Hope he helps them get it. 'cause he seems determined as fuck. Dato said, I have a strong belief that something is going to break this year. I truly do. That's what he told in 2023. But as of yet, it has not broken. But we are only in 20, 24 guys. Like if you know fucking anything I mean, and again, they just wanna know, they just wanna know. They believe she was met with foul play. There's evidence to believe that. Right. There's circumstantial evidence for suicide. I can understand that. Yeah. They just wanna know. And if there's evidence for foul play, which to me there's plenty.


Why are we not investigating this further? We just wanna, you just gotta know. 'cause if if this is foul play, somebody got away with it or somebody got away with it. And why are we just letting that happen? And that's just gonna make them more Bold. Bold to do this again. Yeah. Wow. This stressed me Out. I feel for this family. I feel, I feel for, I Just feel bad for this family. I feel for it all. And it's like, because Also you're, that's the community that you're living in and you put your faith and you put your trust in law enforcement in the community that, that you're in. And So mishandled, it was Co mishandled. Like I'd be so angry. And, I'm sure that I'm, I can't imagine how angry they are. I hope a lot of people got slapped with a lot of demotions and firings after this.


'cause it's like, probably not. How do you mishandle evidence like that? How Do you lose an Ax? How do you mishandle every bit of evidence like that. Like that's what I don't get. Something's gotta give here. I Yeah. I hope that he was onto something when he said like, he thinks something was gonna break And I end 2023. And it's just taken a little while. Let's Put it out there. 'cause you know Guys, Let's, Sometimes we'll cover a case and something will happen. It's this like weird thing that we were, it's a universe thing. Talking about it recently. Universe. Let's get it solved. Yeah. Universe. Let's go. And we're not taking credit for any of those anybody. It's obviously not Thank Oh, if you think, if you Think that go away. No, it's just sometimes the universe works in mysterious ways. Yeah. It's Just the vibes are out there.


Let's, I I want this family to know what the fuck happened. Yes. I just want that for them. So hopefully more knowledge of this case is, is what it takes. Tell your friends about the case. Tell Everyone you know. Yeah. To share this year that episode. Watched the Netflix Know someone in New Jersey. Talk to 'em. See, see what they know. You know, this is Weird. Yeah. So that's The Mysterious Death of Tiffany Valiante. And it's a sad one. Yeah, I heard of that. But I did not know all of the details and I'm Shocked. I'm in a state of absolute shock right now. I just really, I just want answers man. I really do. Yeah. And her family deserves Them. I just loan it.


So with that being said, we hope be keep listening And we hope you Keep it weird, weird but not so weird that if you have information about this case, you don't come forward because guess what? That's wrong. And Karma's going get you. So if you have information about the case, you better come forward. You little poop. Hell Yeah. I just spit across the room. It was gross.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


And now a next level moment from at t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G so you're fully confident but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly. Especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.