
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plans and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am obsessed with fast growing trees. We actually ordered a couple things from them. I got a couple shrubs and I also got a lemon tree, so I'll always have fresh lemons. If you know me, you know that I love Shannon Borre and you gotta have nine lemons in that bowl, baby. So I'm excited about that. And listen, you don't need to have a yard or a lot of space. You can grow, like I just said, a lemon tree and avocado, olive, or even a fig tree inside your home. On top of the wide variety of houseplant available this spring, they have the best deals for your yard, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Morbid at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code Morbid at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Morbid. Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Morbid to save today. Offer is available for a limited time. Terms and conditions apply.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid. It's Morbid. And today I am being bullied in the office. Everybody, honestly, I can't even like say that's not happening. No, I'm, I'm getting actively bullied by not only my sister, but also my Employee friend Mikey. I burped and you know, people burp. Okay. And she, oh, let me just hold, no, hold on. I was, she's saying it like she burped.


Oh, I just burped once. No, I wasn't finished yet. But you, you're just still bullying me. No, we always burp a lot in here. It's kind of our thing. And Elena burps all the time. And it literally feels like it sprays blood at people because they feel so sharp coming out of her fucking face. It's like, wa and you're like, oh my God. Dunking cover, somebody calls someone, she's bleeding outta every or, and then I Burp and it, you know, they're a little liquidia like, like they're not liquidy. Like I taste liquid. This is so gross. But like, it's fine. But they, they sound a little yucca. Elena has told me for All of my life That they sound like the bog of eternal stench.


But today everyone decided To go deeper. It's like an episode of the vial files In here. We're going deeper. And Mikey said to me, Mikey said to me, you know, Actually I feel pity for my mouth is on my jaw unclicked from the top part and it's on the floor. Pity you Crying. Pity me, Not He pitties your burns, which are part of me. Which are part of Me. And so I got upset with him. And then he was like, no, no, no, let me backtrack except dig my hole even further. And he said, you know what it is. And I looked at him and I said, don't fuck it up. Don't, don't dig this hole. And this motherfucker got a power shovel.


He said, I used to work in a hospital. What the fuck does that have to do with anything? I sound like a hospital. This is like Mary Cosby telling me that I smell like hospital. So anyway, I'm upset. Here's the thing. You guys didn't think this episode was gonna start like that. All of that was correct. It's true. What she says is true. True, true statements. Thank, thank you. Except what she sounds like she's gonna vomit every time they're liquidy. They, but we needed to take, we needed to really describe them. The reason is not like, oh, there's liquid involved. It's like, no, there's no liquid grow up. And so we all brace like, ugh, she's gonna puke, but I'm not gonna, every time I'm not gonna, and it's scary.


Yours are scary. Yours come outta nowhere. And I agree. And sometimes they sound like a, like a shot. Yeah. Like a b I'm like, ugh, here. And herein lies the difference. I know, I know too. I'm not dispelling, I'm not dispelling that, that description of my burps, I'm not dispelling it, but it hurts my feelings. You just don't have as many feelings as I do. Okay. That's true. And the pity I feel is 'cause I love you. I don't want you to feel gross. You're making me feel gross. Get outta here. Bye. She doesn't wanna talk to you. I'm getting fired. Bye. I usually fire My key on the re watcher. Go listen to that. But today he's fired from every job.


All of it. No, just kidding. Please, please continue working for us. Don't leave. Don't leave. Please don't. Anyways. I bet you never thought when you turned on Morbid today that we'd be de depicting each other's burps. Sorry guys. It's been, you know, it's sometimes it'd just be like that. Yeah. Today's a loosey goosey episode. Anyway, so I feel like it's gonna feel a lot like og Morbid It is today. I think, I think we're we're, we're feeling a, oh, now you're gonna cough during my episode. I pity you. I pity you. Is that a little cough you have today? I'm screaming. I'm just, oh my God. I'm literally crying. We have, we have like a, like today's like a spooky episode, but also a true crime episode.


Yeah. For both of us. There's full true crime in here. Yeah. This isn't just spooky yoki, but there's also spooky yoki. Yeah. There's, there's a little part of mine that I think, like, I'm gonna give you like a preview, like a, a brief overview of what happened. But I actually think I might cover part of mine on like a full blown out, like in depth of another. Yeah. Yeah. And mine is like, there's only so much information about it. So I got as much as I possibly could. And I told the whole story. It would've been a mini Morbid had I not stepped up. It. It's true. It would've been a mini Morbid. But you know what should went back. But you know what, maybe they'll come back. Maybe, maybe, maybe wink, wink, nudge nudge. Maybe 20, 25 is a, is a wild year. So maybe we'll see many more bits again someday.


Maybe the theme song will come back. Maybe I'm not making promise. I'm just saying it's possible we have to find the vial. Do we have, do we have that? Maybe you'll have to do it again. I'll do it again. An updated version. Oh, you know, oh, maybe I, maybe I'll like add a little flare onto it if that happens. We're just like, you know, I'm gonna get back in the studio. Yeah. Back in the stew. You know the stew. Really? I like that. I forgot the pod lab. I'm in the stew. I'm in the stew. Yeah. So maybe, I don't know, that's something to chew on, but gross. But other than that it's, we're, we're trying to, spring is almost here. Everybody, it's like 20 days to spring and in New England over here, it's been fucking awful this winter it's been, oh my god, it's been fucking freezing.


And so goddamn dry that I've been sick the entire winter. I just got the neurovirus. In fact, like luckily knock on everything. We were able to contain it to just me, which is always the goal. But, but yeah, it hasn't been a banner season for me, so no. So I'm, I'm getting on my supplement game and getting myself out of this. I'm telling you, you gotta start drinking arm colostrum. Yeah. I think it has saved me this winter. 'cause I did. I got neurovirus, but I didn't get any of the colds that you guys were all getting. No, didn't I didn't get one cold this season. I know, not one. Yeah, it's crazy. And it tastes like watermelon.


Yeah, that's true. That's a win-win right there. No colds plus watermelon. Well I've been drinking liquid IVs. Liquid IVs are also great. We love a liquid iv. We do. And I've just, you know, I've been doing some turmeric and elderberry and zinc and vitamin C. She got me on the turmeric, all the, all the good things. Just trying to boost that immune, you know, immune system. You gotta, but going into, because I wanna go into spring and summer and fall and all the fun seasons. Healthy, healthy, thriving, you know. But I've been reading a couple books that are really good. Yeah. And I figured I'd just like quickly share 'em with you guys in case you're looking for something to read. Do so. So I just read Fantastic Land by Mike Bachov.


It's really good in the audio book is fucking phenomenal. Nice. It's super fast paced. It's like, it's basically about a bunch of people getting stranded in a amusement park during a hurricane and having to survive and it gets super gnarly. I said, nice but nice. Like fun. I was like, nice. That's great. That's great for them. Good for them. It was really good though. I thought it was really fun. If you're looking for something really fun, really dark, really fucked up. Hell yeah. And right now I'm reading this Wretched Valley by Jenny Kiefer. Ooh. And so far it's really good. Really spooky. I'm very intrigued by it. Nice. I'm, and we're just, I'm trying to get more leisure reading and done this year, so I'm also trying to do that.


I, we'll try to share our recommendations. Yeah, I was, I told Elena about story graph. It's like where you can like log all your books and it's woman owned, which I love. Love that. I read. What have I read so far? I did So Thirsty by Rachel Harrison. I thought it was pretty good. It's like a quick read. It's fun. Yeah. Just like I love that. Like a fun vamp tale. Hmm. And then I just started our book club book. Me and Elena have a book club with the two girls. One Ghost Girlies, Sabrina and Kareem. Our brother Colton Coven. Hell yeah. And we're reading God of the Woods. Yes. I just started it. I think you're gonna like it. Yeah. I'm excited to start that one. It's really good. And I've heard really good things about it. Yeah. So yeah, I have a bunch on my to be read. Yeah.


I call my entire entire bookshelf is to be read. I have a whole space on my bookshelf that is, yeah. Me and Drew went on a Barnes and Noble date the other day and I was like, damn, I'm just buying all these books when I already have Oh yeah. 400 that I haven't even read yet. Oh. I have a problem with books. But it, it's a fun thing to buy. It is. I love books. Yeah. I'll never regret buying too many books and something about Barnes and Noble, I'm like, I just wanna buy everything here. I just wanna buy all the books. All the books. It's true. It's great. I'm also on a Yellow Jackets kick. Me and Drew have literally flown through each season within like, I think it took us maybe two weeks. Yeah. It was actually like very impressive. Yeah. There was. How quickly you were able to, we took some time off you and I for February vacation for the kids.


And there was a couple nights that Drew and I just stayed up until like 3:00 AM Like that's bons. Weren't tired. Like just stayed. Stayed up. Yeah. And so we watched like a ton of yellow jackets and now we're up to like current You're caught up. Yeah, we're caught up And we got John and Alina to start watching it. So it's true. We're only on episode two because we can maybe only get one episode done a night. That's tough. We have to skip nights in between and stuff, so it will get there eventually. It'll take us a while. But so far I really, I, I like it. Yeah. I'm, I'm intrigued. I think so far it really pops off in like the middle to the end of the first season. Yeah. And then season three so far, I think it's only been three episodes.


The fourth one I think comes out tomorrow. Fourth episode. It's season three is like, I'm like, oh fuck. It really goes there. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't watch the plane crash scenes because it's a little too Yeah. I told her too visceral I was me. I was like tell tell John like the end of Yeah. The first one he just told me when it was fine to watch again and then they do like the flashback. That's a fucking scary ass plane crash. I'm sure I'm gonna be talking a lot about plane crashes today. Cool. Yeah. That's fun. Yeah. Cool. It's part of my lake. It's part of your Your lake lore. My lake lore. Correct. Yeah. And honestly that brings us right to it, that we're gonna be talking about some Spooky Lakes today. Spooky Lakes and like kind of for me like national park.


Okay. 'cause my lake is in a national park. Yeah. There you go. I like that. And go visit national parks and support them right now. Yeah. Support them. Yeah. Hell yeah. And keep them clean. 'cause a lot of people just got fired who were keeping them clean. Yeah. So go take care of them. Yeah. And support them. Yep. Good call. Yeah. So do I can start with mine If you want. You better. You better bitch. You better. I was gonna say you better start bitch. You better start bitch. You want a listener tail, not a listener tale. You want a spooky lake. This is a spooky lake, but it's gonna start with a very real and very tragic murder. Oh. From 1906. Okay. So this is the story of Grace Brown's murder and it is a very tragic one.


Let's start at a great place, which is the beginning. I love starting there. Grace grew up in South O ic, I think it is in Shenango County in New York. When she was young, she grew up on a dairy farm And she attended school and graduated at 16 years old. She had a very like normal upbringing on a dairy farm. Very cute farm upbringing. Nice. All was well until she moved to Cortland and lived with her sister Ada. Now living with her sister. She needed to find a job And she found a good one. It turns out she ended up working at the Gillette skirt factory in Cortland. And upon beginning her employment there, she quickly became acquainted with the owner's nephew, Chester Gillette.


Hmm. He also worked there with her. He was from a wealthy family, but he was kind of all over the place. Like he was a little bit of a mess. He could never hold down anything steady. And he was kind of just living the high life with no responsibilities. Fun. So, and he was also like very much like macing on all the girls there. Oh. But he really focused in on grace. So his uncle had tried to get to help him on the straight and narrow and he offered him a job at the factory. That's how he got the job. It was good pay, it was full time. So he was fine to take it because also there was a lot of women working there. That's kind of his ideal sitch. It really is. And he also probably liked the power he got from being like the nephew of the owner.


Oh yeah. Like it's the Gillette skirt factory in his East Chester Gillette. Like and you don't have to do like anything probably. Yeah. So it was a long before 20-year-old Grace. And she was 19 when they met, but 20 when she died. Okay. She was this 20-year-old Grace and 23-year-old Chester began dating. It was a tour affair as all workplace affairs tend to be a love a torrid affair. But it was all secret. Of course it was all very secret. Not just because they worked together, but because she was a dairy farm girl who came from a farm background. He was a wealthy man about town socialite who was sought after by every girl in the upper class in the area. And every girl in every class in the area.


He was essentially ashamed to be dating a young woman who was considered to be lower class. Like lower social scale than he was. What a douche bag. He was a douche bag. He didn't want people knowing he was dating a factory farm girl. It's like, okay then don't date a factory farm girl because she can probably do better than you anyway. So don't waste her fucking time. Time. Oh she could have done so much better than him. I guarantee it. He's scum between a troll's toes. Not only was he keen to keep this thing under wraps, but he was also freely and openly dating and sleeping with other women Right in front of grace. No, grace was not pleased about this and expressed this displeasure often. But he didn't give a shit. He just didn't care how she felt. Great.


And it devastated her. 'cause I think this was like, she was young And she had grown up on a farm, you know, like this was her big first big job. And I think this was like the first time she had actually been in a big relationship. Well and also like you think about the this, you know, vibes here, like it's like the big hotshot nephew of the owner of the company that you work for takes an interest in you. Like she must have felt so special, but then he's acting like a dick. Yeah. He also convinced her to be with him uns chaperoned, which was Scan doll at the time. Whew. Because he didn't want anyone knowing they were together so they couldn't have a chaperone. Right. And honestly this was a big deal and obviously now you're like, woo.


But back then this risk turned tire reputation. Yeah. Like he did not give a shit that he was putting her entire social reputation at stake here. 'cause he would've been fine. Yeah. He didn't care at all. He also, and he just never took her in public ever. He would never take her in public. That's sad. And that's so sad that that's the treatment that she felt she like got Yeah. Was supposed to be taking at the time. It must have felt so demeaning. Yeah, absolutely.


Let's talk about one of my current favorites. Hero Bread. I am am freaking obsessed with the fact that this bread is as delicious as it is. While having ultra low net carbs, zero grams of sugar and it's high in fiber, I can still focus on getting a healthy, balanced breakfast in while also stuffing my face with a yummy breakfast burrito wrapped in a Hero Bread tortilla. Yum. Or one of their phenomenally fluffy bagels. I will not lie to you guys. I was skeptical about trying this bread. I was like, I don't know. It's pretty good for you it looks like. Like is it gonna taste that good? Is it gonna be super fluffy? Yes. It tastes as good if not better than my standard bread and bread products. But no guilt. I don't have any guilt. I love knowing how high in fiber it is too, because most people are not getting the recommended amount of fiber. But you know who is me? Me thanks to Hero Bread. There's also monthly small batch drops of indulgent favorites like the popular two gram net carb hero croissant. I'm gonna try that. And new surprises coming each month this year. Hero Bread is offering 10% off your order. Go to hero.co and use code Morbid at checkout. That's Morbid at HE r.co. I'm actually on my way there right now to get those frigging cheddar biscuits.


Oh my God.


All my parents out there. I know that you never wanna sacrifice quality for convenience, but listen so many baby and kids food options today, they just don't meet the mark. But that is why I really love Little Spoon. They deliver healthy, ready to eat meals and snacks that your baby toddler or even your big kid will love and that you can actually feel good about. All their products are junk free, organic, where it counts and thoughtfully sourced peace of mind. Every parent deserves and easier mealtime without sacrificing on quality. They have an amazing variety of baby blends, bite bowls, plates, and so much more. Elena gets Little Spoon for her girls and I am always out here stealing their little snacks because they're that good. And she's always talking about how good she feels serving them meals that are actually good for them. And did I mention it all comes right to your door, so flexible, so easy and everything stores right in the fridge and freezer. You pick the menu and change up what you order every time the price is right, the quality is unmatched. Elena loves it. Her kids love it. The grandparents even love it. A huge win-win win for our family. And it can be for yours. Simplify your kiddos mealtime with 30% off your first order. Go to Little Spoon dot com slash Morbid 30 and enter our code Morbid 30 at checkout to get 30% off your first Little Spoon order.


Things got worse though near the summer of 1906 when she told Chester she was pregnant. Oh no. And it was definitely his 'cause she was not seeing anyone else. He panicked And she was also very anxious simply because it was 1906. It's not like unwed young mothers were treated like magic magical beings creating life. No, they were treated like whores who were unfit to be in proper society like this. In fact, at from what I've like, you know, all the things that I was reading and seeing about this, it was literally like the amount of women, young women who, who ended up killing themselves. Oh yeah. Because they felt it was a better outcome than the social ostracize ost, what is it?


Ostracization? Yeah. That's os why does like I totally blanked on how to say the word. It's the, it's going from the T to the Z. That's what it is. It's hard ostracization. There you go. Good call Ostracization. Oh, I was kind oft saying it wrong. Ostracization. Ostracization. That's hard to say. Yeah, sure. Okay. It was better than being ostracized by society is what is what I'm thinking here. I love that you're like, you know what we're gonna just say. I was like, that's hard to say different. So anyway, so yeah. So this was like a big deal. It's not great. So she knew she had to hide out. Yeah. But she couldn't be around everybody. She went back to her family's farm And she communicated with Chester through letters.


It was Chester who encouraged this in fact, telling her to go hang out with her family and everything was gonna be fine. Basically go away, get outta my face like you fucking dick. He's a total dick. He was very negligent with her feelings, very much still sleeping around and very uninterested in the idea of being a good partner or father. Yeah. But he was also a liar and a very good manipulator. He had to have been, he got, it's this, it's that kind of guy. So he had to keep her on a leash a bit because he was the guy who wanted to have his cake and eat it too. Before she left, he had been ignoring her and making her feel just awful. But when the letters began, she basically found herself desperately begging him for attention or any kind of hope or hint that they would be married.


Because she's like, well and it's also like he's got this, like all this money and everything. Yeah. It's like she doesn't have any resources to figure this out. So she's relying a hundred percent on him to figure out their situation that they got themselves into together. That's the thing. And she's like, so she's basically like, give me any hope that you're gonna marry me so that I can go out into society again. Right. I can't go out with this child until we're married and like, and so, you know, And she started getting the attention that she was looking for. He started telling her yes he would marry her and they would have a life together and just wait. It's gonna be fine. Like he started promising what he knew she wanted. I feel like that's not gonna happen. No.


Then one letter changed that he told her he wanted to whisk her away for a romantic getaway And she was probably so happy. Oh yeah. He told her he wanted to take her to the Adirondacks in July and this felt like the moment that he was gonna propose, she thought this was the wedding trip, of course either proposing or we're actually getting married and sources say Grace was just over the moon excited. Oh. So they left in July and stopped at the hotel Glenmore at Big Moose Lake and they ate at Alta Cliff Cottage and they checked in with him using an alias. So that's fucking weird. He used the alias Carl Graham And she used her real name.


So that was already what's going on. I'm surprised he didn't have her use a fake name. I, well I think he's also a fucking idiot. That's good as we'll. See. So I think that was part of it. According to the Evening Courier, a waitress there named Grace Greenwood said she witnessed them having dinner the evening before Grace was killed. And she said Grace was quote unquote hysterical at dinner. Oh. Apparently Chester was trying to console her, trying to tell her you have to eat. And she said she just couldn't. Oh God, I wonder what happened. Yes. Like what the conversation was. Exactly. Now the next morning this waitress saw her again and described her as quote unquote depressed. Like she said, she looked devastated. You wish that she was just able to like whisk her away.


I know. That's the thing. Like come be a girl will get you in a separate room. Now, on the way to the hotel, they took a bus and the driver asked where they wanted to go. And this'll just give you another little like in sight into like Chester's way of like, it sounds like he was just being a dick. So the bus driver, the driver was like, where do you guys want to go? And Chester just gruff answered any old hotel. Oh, nice. Charming. Yeah, you're romantic getaway. That's, and you're like, whatever dump you wanna bring us to. 'cause he didn't care. That's so shitty. So the next day he told Grace he was going to bring her for a romantic picnic and they were gonna take a boat ride. Oh no. Despite her telling him in a letter that she didn't know how to swim. Oh no.


They rented a row boat from a man named Robert Morrison. They got on the boat and he brought them to, and apparently like Robert didn't come on the boat with them, he just rented it to them. But Chester brought them, like rode them to the deepest and most isolated part of the Lake. Which is she was probably getting more and more scared Yeah. As this was happening. Exactly. Or even worse could be that she had no idea. Yeah. And just thought he was actually being like romantic. Right. And that's apparently the South Bay area is like the deepest point in the Lake. Once there nobody can really tell what exactly went down because it was only the two of them in the middle of the Lake.


Right. But once there, what did eventually happen was he beat Grace brutally with a horn handled umbrella in a tennis racket. Jesus. And then threw her in the Lake, his knee after to die. And Craig mistress. Yes. Wow. Yeah. Robert Morrison, the guy who had rented them the boat said when they didn't return the boat around dinner, he was suspicious of course. But the next morning he and a few others went out to try to find them. 'cause he was like, I hope nothing happened. Like, and they found the empty boat in her coat and then came across her body. Oh. And she was dead. He had fled believable. He hid out at the Arrowhead Hotel in Inlet.


And meanwhile during the three days he hid like the coward that he was, he also called to get an advance on his pay and received one. So he was planning on taking off. Yeah. Dipping. And I love that. Later this fucker will pretend and be like, oh no, I'm innocent. I didn't do it. And it's like, like why were you hiding out then? Nothing about how you acted and said you were innocent. Right. If this was an accident or something. Which obviously's not, not 'cause she was beaten brutally. Right. Like they can tell that you dumbass. But it's like, even if it was an accident, why would you leave your pregnant girlfriend like almost fiance dead in a lake and leave the boat and then just hide out and then just, and ask for an advance on payment.


Yeah. Like none of that makes any sense. No. Now when they came to, because they immediately, they talked to her family and they were like, oh, she's with this guy. Like just so immediately they went to find him and when they did find him, he actually tried to first claim he didn't even know Grace, come on, he's the father of her unborn child. It's also, and he claimed he didn't even know her. Also. Like I'm sure if they went to her house they would find a pile of letters exchanged. Of course they would. Between the two of them. When I say this guy's a fucking idiot, he is a fucking idiot. You also worked together. Yeah. Like are you fucking serious? There's literally no way you can claim you don't know her. He was arrested and immediately charged with her murder. She was covered in bruises and had a good head wound and lacerations to her forehead and her mouth when she was discovered.


And she was also discovered to be four months pregnant. Four months. Four months. So she sat around for four months waiting for him just to like thinking he was gonna come around. That's so awful. That's breaking because he was also making her believe that he was gonna come around. Exactly. Yeah. No, that's so sad to think that Yeah, that long went on. Yeah. His claim was that she first, that she killed herself. But like after beating herself up, no one believed that according to the evening courier, they found the broken bloody tennis racket buried on the shore. Dude, there was a lot to be made about whether she was dead before she hit the water during the trial. But the consensus did seem to be that she likely was, he had beaten her to death and run her in the water.


He also claimed at one point that she jumped in willingly can't swim, remember? Well she might have jumped in to get away from him. Yeah, exactly. And he said he tried to help her and the boat tipped over. But he arrived at the hotel he hid out at with all dry clothing. Huh. So I imagine that the trial was bonkers. Everyone was there. He's a big name. Right. I mean a very wealthy family like this is a well-known bachelor. The media went wild. No one even knew he was dating this woman because they had kept it. So under wrap he kept it secret. Nevermind that he was the father of her unborn child and now he was a murderer of her and a child.


His own child. Yeah. On December 5th, 1906, the jury deliberated for five hours and found him guilty of first degree murder. Good. He was sentenced to die in the electric chair. Fantastic. He spent a couple of years at Auburn Correctional Facility and apparently got some spiritual guidance along the way on and sources say he confessed to the murder to many of them. Yeah. To clear his own conscience. Exactly. He was executed March 30th, 1908. He did, he he exhausted all his appeals. He tried to get out of it. I think his mother even wrote a, a letter to the governor trying to get That's sad. A stay. But she couldn't, that's sad for his mom because she, he put her in that position. Of course it is.


She didn't ask for that. She's a victim too. I'm pretty sure his grave, he was in an unmarked grave and I'm pretty sure it got paved over by a road. So there's that and no comment brother. No comment on that. According to adirondack.com, the murder of Grace Brown influenced the 1925 Adirondack folk song, the Ballad of Big Moose Lake. Oh. 'cause that is the Lake that she was drowned in. And there's also a 1951 movie, A Place in the Sun that is based on story, this story. And there's also a 1925 novel, an American tragedy that's based on it. And a 1926 play about it.


And a 2005 opera by the same name. And that's just a few of things that damn have been influenced by this. That's crazy. Now a place in the sun, in an American tragedy apparently take Chester's side a lot and basically say grace. And what side is that? They basically show grace to be what Robert Stack on Unsolved Mystery said was, was they called her a woman of easy virtue, basically a hoe. So we're slut shaming. Yeah. In the 20th century. And, And she should be murdered while pregnant because of that. Oh good. Fantastic. Apparently so like fuck those two things. Yeah. Fuck them. Now that isn't the end of the story because people keep seeing grace.


Oh, that breaks my heart that she's at at the Lake. I hate that she's stuck there. Yeah, she's stuck at the Lake. Oh. People keep seeing a complete apparition of a glowing woman walking the shores of Moose Lake or across the surface of the Lake. That's really cool. Yeah. And also see her walking down the halls of the Big Moose Inn where she stayed. If she's not wandering the shore, people will have seen her struggling in the Lake trying to get help. Oh. Like almost like a repeat of what's happening sometimes she's seen at the cottages along the Lake and like the lodge there. And apparently she likes to turn off the lights all the time. She doesn't like lights on. Hmm. And I wonder if that's because it's like the 19 six, you know, oh six of it all.


She doesn't understand it. She's like, I didn't live with electricity. What is this? Maybe it's too bright. I don't think it's too bright. According to weird New York sometimes people recall feeling intense sadness around the Lake. Almost like an uncontrollable dread. They theorized that she and her child being killed trapped her there. And she's somehow unable to continue to move on. Which I wanna go there and help her. So sad. I know. Let's go. I want to, I hate that she's trapped there with all this like sadness around her. Yeah. She doesn't deserve that. Now this was Al also featured on an episode of the OG Unsolved Mysteries. I heard you watching it the other day. That's right. With King Robert Stack. I heard that intro. I heard that. Smooth but a voice. Yep.


They talked about a group of people in this episode that worked at the Cove Wood Lodge in 1988 that's on, that's near Big Moose Lake. One of them, Rhonda said she stopped at the staff lodge to turn out the lights. And she was with like a group of three other people who worked at the lodge. And as soon as she went in, she said she felt like someone was there. Ooh. And she said she went up to like the top floor where like there's a balcony overlooking where her friends were in the Lake. And she said she didn't see anything, but she said she just like knew someone was there, like felt a presence. Like just felt that. And she said it was very strange, very, very unsettling. And outside. Meanwhile, her friends saw a woman standing on the balcony glowing in white, like fully in like a 1906 garb.


And she just was standing there looking out onto the Lake. And then she, And she just stood there and they all three of them said the same thing. That they saw the same thing bro. And they said she stood there and then all of a sudden just dissipated and was gone. The tinglies that are happening all over my bod. I imagine seeing that I would, the, my goosebumps have goosebumps too. And they all say that. She's like, has such a sad look on her face. Oh. And she's just looking out over the Lake. 'cause she just loved him and he couldn't give a shit. And then he's a piece of shit killed her and their unborn child. Yeah. We gotta get her out of there. She deserves so much better. We gotta get her out of there because she's gotta move on to her next life, which is gonna be like a million times better with her Pepe.


With her Pepe with a better, a man's a better husband. Yeah, exactly. And the same episode tells the story of Linda Lee Mackin and her friend Bridget who vacationed at the Lake around the same time. And they had flashlight issues because like, I really don't think Grace likes this electricity business. Yeah. Like they were going down to the Lake and the flashlight kept dimming and then just shut off. But the batteries were like brand new that would scare the shit out me. And they said it kept happening. And one night they went down to the Lake together just sitting there and it was like really dark out and they saw a mist coming close to them, like over the top of the Lake. And they were like, wow, that's so pretty. Like, so spooky. And then they said, all of a sudden the mist formed into a woman.


And they said, who just looked at them? And they literally said it with such extreme sadness. Oh, that's all they could get from her. And they said, and actually Linda said she felt extreme overwhelming sadness herself. Like she was like, it was literally like, I immediately felt just like hopelessness. Oh wow. And sadness. And she said it was overwhelming. And then the next day they were in the lodge and they were walking through like the lobby and there's memorabilia about this like, like old newspapers and shit. And there's photos of Grace and Chester. And they said they, you couldn't knocked them over with a feather because they were like, we saw that picture of grace.


And we were like, that is the woman that appeared to us last night. Can you imagine having a, having an experience like that jarring that would blow and that supernatural my fucking mind.


Creating really great retail experiences is tough, especially with multiple stores, teams of staff, fulfillment centers, separate workflows. It's a lot. But with Shopify point of sale, you can do it all without complexity. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep shoppers coming back with personalized experiences and first party data that give marketing teams a competitive edge. In fact, it's proven based on a report from EY businesses on Shopify POS see real results. Like 22% better total cost of ownership and benefits equivalent to an 8.9% uplift in sales on average relative to the market set surveyed. Want more? Check out at Shopify dot com slash Wondery, all lowercase and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. Shopify dot com slash Wondery


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs for caring for your home out indecision, overthinking. Second guessing every choice you make in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done. Out beige on beige on beige in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


Like, And she just appears to you like sad. I'd be like, what can I do to help you? I know. Like I, I would not say that in that moment because I would probably shit my pants. I'm not pretending like I, what can I do to help you? I'm be so confident my shit would not be wrong at Yeah. Like I would just be like, what can I do to help? You would pass through into help mode. Like no, I would not. I'm not claiming that. But looking back on it, you wanna be like, fuck, I wanna stand in front now if she appears, you wanna be like, what can we do to help you, grace, how can I get you not here? I know because I don't want you. You be on this lake. It's so er. Oh my God. Ber ghost whisperer. Yeah. I never watched that. Oh, it was Jennifer Love Hewitt, right? J Yeah. Jennifer Love Hewitt. Yeah. J love. J Love.


She was so helpful. Yeah. She was such an empath. Good for her man. And she used to scare the shit outta me as a kid though. I'm sure you probably shouldn't have been watching it. Yeah, probably not. But I always loved the end though because she would help them like find the light and crossover. That's nice. Yeah. I like that. I know. I wanna help Grace find whatever she to find. But that is the story of Grace Brown's tragic, tragic murder. And her now at Big Moose Lake and now her haunting at Big Moose Lake. Damn. Mine's a little more Wiley than that. Okay. And a little more all over the place. All right, let's go. All right, we're heading out to Oregon said correct. All right, let, let's alrightly, let, let's go Oregon. I won't say Oregon. Let's go. Oregon Trail. We're going Oregon.


I'm gonna talk about Crater Lake, which is located inside of Crater Lake National Park, If you can believe it. I can't. It is the deepest lake in the United States. That's really scary and I like that. And one of the deepest actually in the world. No, I actually hate that same, it has an average depth of about 1500 feet. Shut the fuck up. But that's not even as deep as it goes. That's the average. The deepest parts are said to be close to 2000 feet deep. Like just think of everything that would be lurking underneath you as you treaded water. No, I had to say that to you. No, you actually really shouldn't swim in this lake. It's not very allowed. But don't do it. There's like certain parts where you can, it's not very allowed.


I was waiting for that to hit you. It's not very allowed. It's not very allowed. It's not very allowed. There's certain places where you can, but overall it's too cold and too deep. Like they don't recommend it. Well, it's way too deep. Don't do that. Yeah. Yeah. What, what's that? Insane. It's like fucking cave diving. Don't do that. Well yeah, just Don, don't do that. Don't do it. No. Well, the formation of this lake is crazy. It formed over 7,700 years ago. Bad. Which is crazy. When Mount Moama, the volcano erupted. Now the eruption was so large and so Cro cray that it weakened the structure of the volcano itself.


The volcano emptied its entire magma reservoir and then it all just collapsed in on itself. And that's what formed where the Lake is. That's what happened to me when I had Neurovirus. You got rid of your entire magma. My entire magma magma reservoir. And then I collapsed to know myself. Iconic. It's literally, I've never, I didn't know how I felt in that moment. And that's exactly the description. Oh wait, just picture that. Like happening to a land. No, that's actually the scariest thing I've ever heard. It literally created a five to six mile wide caldera. So like, just like a Yeah. A crater essentially. Which over time got filled with rainwater and like melted snow and shit.


And that's Crater Lake. The fact that it's just an exploded volcano that collapsed on itself. Like a volcano that emptied its entire magma reservoir. Yep. Which weakened the stability of it. And then it just like, just in on itself, it did in fact bl and then it's like I, I just like looking up at a volcano. Yeah. Must be unbelievable. Like just the, the size that would give me the chili Willies just the massive like structure in front of you. And then to think of that the other way. Yeah. And filled with water.


Yeah. Like that is just like, my mind is like bending around that. Well, and like tech, I looked it up 'cause I was like, okay, so like could it erupt still? Technically it could still erupt. Oh shit. But it wouldn't be like a typical volcano eruption, obviously. Yeah, it would be a weird ass one. Yeah. I don't think anybody really knows exactly what would happen. Oh my God. Crater lake is scary guys. It's so scary. It's so big. It's also surrounded by like all this like, like mountain area. Yeah. It's, it's beautiful. But it's, yeah, it's got a vibe. It is. It's gorgeous. Yeah. But it is, it's a rough knowing what that is, is like, oh yeah. So I'm not even gonna be able to hit like I'm hitting like the tip of the iceberg here 'cause of so many different things have happened.


Yeah. I, we could honestly probably do a part two of Crater Lake. Cool. Let's do it. Because it's got all kinds of crazy stuff going on. There's some kind of water monster that people have reported seeing fun, love, like small little tales, but they're fun. I love a Nessie situation. There's paranormal parts of this. Yep. The biggest thing that seems to be related to Crater Lake is disappearing planes. Oh. And like, like disappearing. Oh. Just like there and then not, I don't love that. Seemingly inexplicable plane crashes have also taken place all around this area and unfortunately there have been murders. Oh man. Now some of this haunted slash Morbid TM activity could have to do with the Lake's origin story.


So according to the Klamath tribe who lived on the land where Crater Lake National Park now stands, but like way before it became a national park. Yeah. The God of the underworld, who I believe is Lao, I looked it up. Some pronunciations say Yao, but I saw Lao more often. Okay. So the God of the underworld fell in love with the chief's daughter. And when he couldn't take her back to the underworld as his bride, he promised he was gonna do something real big to get back at this tribe. Oh, it's giving Hades and Pera very much. Yes. And that is when the volcano erupted massively causing the giant Caldera. Holy shit. But luckily the sky Spirit Skel stepped in to protect the tribe from what was happening and came face to face with Lao and a pretty heated battle.


The battle is said to have ended when Skel killed Lao and threw him into the Lake. Whoa. According to journalist Sarah Crocker, who I got a lot of information from, she wrote an article for grunge.com. It's called a look at Crater Lake's Morbid History. Ooh, yeah. Fun. But according to Sarah, Lao's body was eaten by monsters who were living at the time. Oh, it's kinda like the realm of monsters from Moana. Yes. Moana. Exactly. Moama. But they left his head untouched. They said, no, I don't want that. So it was just bobbing around the Lake. So people believe now, especially the people that belong to this tribe, that Laos still haunts the area and the Lake specifically.


That is so scary. It's the scariest. And they said, what a fascinating like origin story. I love that origin story. I love it. Yeah. They say that they don't think anybody should even look at the Lake too long. Wow. Because it will, they believe it will cause death and lasting sorrow. Holy shit. So deep and creepy and spooky. Damn. So let's flash forward to the spring of 1944 for our first bizarre instance during World War ii, I think it's G Gruman, TBF torpedo bombers were flying over the Lake, most likely running a drill of some kind. There was a navy or a military base nearby. Okay. It was said to be a completely clear day as they were flying over the Lake.


Each pilot was keeping track of the other. The pilot who survived this drill said suddenly he looked over and just didn't see the plane that was supposed to be flying with him. It, he like looked below him. He didn't see it like falling outta fuck the sky or anything like that. What the, it was just gone. Just disappeared into thin air. What the fuck? Now there's a lot of mysteries surrounding this particular case, but it's a story connected to the case that's been told for decades. Some people even say they saw a plane flying low that day and then disappear around the area of the Lake. Really? But not real. There's like never been any names associated with it. It's never been like confirmed or denied to have happened. Yeah. It's just been like very hush hush.


And a lot of people think it's H so hush hush because the government didn't want to say much about it because we were still actively involved in World War ii. I mean, that does make sense. And it wouldn't have been like a great look for a bomb Yeah. Bomb bomb plane to just go missing, just disappear over a lake. But it's entirely possible that this happened. Yeah. There's also a ton of other military planes that are said to have either crashed into or near Crater Lake throughout the years or just completely vanished in and in or around the Lake. But there's no actual records to be found. Mm. So could be legends based on the lake's history, but could could be a hush hush thing, you know? Yeah. Now, one plane in February of 1975 that did in fact disappear near Crater Lake wasn't found for seven years.


Holy shit. Seven years. There were three people on that plane and on the return flight, the pilot Dave Nunn and two student pilots, Jim Pryor and Matt Perkins, who were only 17 years old at the time. Oh, that's heartbreaking. So they were on the return flight. G Nun had driven her husband, Dave, her daughter, and her grandchild to the airport that night. And she said that she had a feeling for two weeks beforehand that something was gonna happen in her family. Oh. She just had this weird feeling she couldn't shake, but she didn't know obviously what it was gonna be or Yeah. What are you supposed to do? She didn't know who it was gonna happen to or when it was gonna happen. Yeah. She just had a feeling, but she didn't think it was gonna be her husband. Now this trip was supposed to be simple.


They were gonna fly to Salem, Oregon on Dave's private plane. A blue says no, 180 2, and they were dropping off Gene and DA and Dave's daughter and their grandchild. And then they were flying back to Klamath Falls, Oregon. Okay. This flight literally should have taken only 45 minutes. Oh my God. Like it's a super quick flight. So after dropping everybody off at the airport, Jean went home And she said she felt a chill. So she cozied up under an electric blanket and just fell asleep because again, this isn't supposed to be, her husband's not supposed to be gone long. She's like, all right, I'm just gonna take a little nap, go to sleep. But she said she woke up that night around nine 30 And she felt the sensation of a hand on her leg. And she immediately knew that something had happened to Dave.


Oh, I just got so many chills. She ended up writing a book about it, but she said the feeling just washed over her. Oh God. And she immediately knew. So she called the airport And she got, as soon as she got on the phone, she said, the plane must have gone down at nine 20 and Dave died at nine 30. I know it. Holy shit. They confirmed that they'd lost track of the plane on the radar at exactly nine 20 that night. What the fuck? It was exactly what she said. Now, weeks and weeks went by, search parties were trying to find this plane anywhere they could find the wreckage. Weeks turned into months. Months turned into years. And finally, seven years later, in July of 1982, a hiker ended up coming across the wreckage just outside of Crater Lake National Park Park.


That must be the most horrifying thing to come in contact with, truly is a plane crash. A like you're, and you're just out hiking, like you're supposed to have this great day with nature. Yeah. And you just find a plane crash like what the fuck? And three people inside of it. Yeah. Like he found three skeletons inside of it. Oh my. Who were the two? Oh my God. 17-year-old student pilots and Jean's husband. Jean's husband. But she said she knew, she knew all those years. Wow. Jean. Yeah. Crazy. Holy shit. I wanna read her book. It's really, yeah. Let me tell you what it's called. Yeah. I'm like, damn, Jean. Yeah. Her book is called We Fly Away. Oh Jean, I know. There's a picture of her with like scrapbooks in one of these articles in the Herald, what is it?


The Harold News or something? The Harold News. Yeah. She, it's a picture of like Dave who was a stunner, a stu honey, a stunner. Yeah. Like that's so sad. And just like how cool to be a pilot and just be able to like fly your daughter and your grandchild home. And he was just trying to teach these two students about flying. Yeah. Just like they were passionate about it. So sad. That makes me so sad. But also like so beautiful in a way that he was able to tell Jean that he had passed. Yeah. And she knew like she was able to like understand what the sign meant and in such a way that was like really comforting almost. Probably. Exactly. Ugh. Now another plane that crashed and then disappeared, unfortunately took much longer to find.


Back in December of 1945, there were seven G Grumen hell Cap fighter planes that were taking flight over Cradle Crater Lake National Park. They were on their way to Washington. Now it was really foggy this day. There was a lot of fog, especially lingering over the Lake. And while they were going through it, some of the pilots couldn't clearly see others. So they made it through the fog and they realized that there were not seven planes flying anymore. Oh damn. One plane, which was flown by 22-year-old ensign, Frank Lupo was just completely gone. Holy shit. Like lost track of it. What? Now before they went through the fog, a couple of the other pilots did see him trying to change a gas tank, like while they were still flying.


But obviously something had happened and a couple of the other planes pilots saw Lu's planes start to descend slowly. Which I can't even imagine seeing that. Ugh. And that's your friend that like you're out on this mission with like, you know something. Yeah. Can't even bad is happening and you can't stop it. Yeah. So flash forward to almost 25 years later, in August of 1970, when a park ranger who was new, newly working at Crater Lake National Park, Jesus. He was hiking through the park and he just casually stumbled upon a human skull. Oh, yep. Welcome to the job. So obviously he had to go report that to his head of department.


Yep. He had an interesting way of doing so. He told the story and then just presented the head, taking it out of his backpack and putting the skull onto his boss's desk. I mean, here, none of us know. None of us know unless we've come across one. Definitely. Like, don't move a skull that you found. Do it in the woods. Yeah. Like we can say that with, with confidence. Don't do that. Like Definitely. Definitely leave that there. But I also understand, again, this is the seventies, so we didn't have all that information and he was probably freaked out. And freaked out. He probably freaked out and he probably didn't think anyone was gonna believe him. Yeah, that's true. And he probably didn't wanna wanna leave it there 'cause an animal could get it. Yeah. And move it. And then he's just this crazy new guy. Yeah. And it's not like he has this cell phone to pop a picture really quick to be like, here it is. Like, let's go find it doesn't Exactly. So instead he brought it with him and he popped it on his boss's desk.


Yeah. Whoa. I guess that leaves no doubts. It does.


If you've ever considered a career as a licensed funeral director, find mortuary Colleges online associate degree program can be completed in just two years. Being a funeral director is about human services. It's about helping the living as they navigate the grieving process. The curriculum focuses on all aspects of funeral service, including the psychology, science, and business requirements of the profession. Find Mortuary College is dedicated to providing an inclusive, engaging, and innovative educational experience that challenges and prepares tomorrow's funeral service professionals. Financial aid is available to those who qualify to attend a virtual open house. Please visit their website@www.fmc.edu. An RSVP for the date that best fits your schedule. That's www.fmc.edu. Use promo code Wondery.


But after the Discovery investigator, investigators went out to where the skull was found and they ended up finding the remains of the Hellcat plane. Holy shit. And they found a piece of equipment with a serial number on it, so they were able to determine that it was Lu's missing plane. Holy shit. And in a bit of happier, a happier ending. Lu's remains ended up being sent to his family. Oh. So he could get That's nice. Lead to rest. Sort of good. Oh. So now onto something very sinister. In 19 52, 50 5-year-old Char Charles Han and 56-year-old Albert Jones were found dead on Annie Creek in the National Park.


The area where they were found they were found is only about six miles from the Lake. Whoa. Both men worked for General Motors and were in Oregon for work. But while they were in the area, they planned to go on a fishing trip with these two other guys in the car business. Jack Vaughn and Frank Eberly. So Jack Frank and Frank's 13-year-old son Allen showed up to the park with plans to meet up with the guys. But they were surprised when they only found their car key's still in the ignition and the front door's both open. Mm. It was like a little bit weird. Yeah. But they were like, maybe they went to Sightsee or something while they were waiting for us. Yeah. Like strange, but not like, yeah. Not super alarming. Yeah. So they waited a little bit to see if Albert and Charles would show back up, but they gave it 45 minutes and they still hadn't come back.


No, it's alarming. No, it's alarming. So the two older men decided to drive down to a ranger station while Alan stayed behind in case the two men showed up. Okay. Now, 13-year-old Alan is just waiting in the back of his dad's car and he sees a dark sedan pull into the lot and kind of like slowly pass by and take a, he's looking like this driver takes a look at the, the car that's parked that's empty. Yeah. And then speeds off onto the highway. Huh. So he's like, okay. It's like that was weird. Yeah. That was weird. So shortly after that Park Rangers made it up that way and started the search for these two men. They enlisted trail trail crews to join the search effort as well.


The search went on for a day and a half until finally the two men were found. And there's a lot of strange details about how they were found. They had both been shot in the back of the head at such close range that there was gunpowder residue and burn marks around holy the bullet. Holy shit. So it was execution style. Yeah. They both were shot by a quote, 7.6, I think it's 7.65 millimeter automatic pistol of foreign manufacturer. Okay. Which was weird. And investigators also found two brass card cartridges on the ground. They were each missing their shoes, but it looked like the shoes were taken after they were killed because their socks were clean. Huh.


Albert shoes were found not too far from the scene, but Char Charles shoes are still missing to this day. This case is unsolved. Wow. Though somebody did try to pawn a very similar pair of shoes after the bodies were found Interesting. They both had also been gagged with their own neck ties and part of Charles's undershirt, which is strange because they were both still wearing their dress shirts. So they had to have been like, like part of the shirt had to have been torn off and then like a struggle. Or he was re redressed at some point. It's very strange. Yeah. And it's like, did they take the shoes off after they were killed? Or did they take them off after they got them down on their knees?


Right. So they couldn't run. Who knows? Or they, I don't know. Possibly. Yeah. Maybe both. Maybe that's why their socks are clean. Yeah. Now even stranger, both men's dentures were found in the pockets of their dress shirts. Huh. Like what? Their wallets were emptied. They both were assumed to be carrying around $300 and that was gone. And lastly, they both were wearing watches previously that were gone now. Shit. So it looked somewhat like a robbery, but like, like a very, a bizarre one. Like an execution murder robbery. Right. Like so later an autopsy would show that Albert had a fractured skull. Wow. And both men had been hit so hard in their groin areas that they were bruised.


Oh God. Yeah. So they, they put up a fight and they were, they went through a lot before they died. Yeah. It definitely seemed like there was more than one killer also to investigators. Yeah. They were both pretty big guys too. So it was unlikely two investigators that one person alone took them out. Now like I said, the, the case is technically unsolved, but there were some good leads that came in after the murders. I don't wanna go into every single one. And I'm really giving you like a brief overview here because you wanna cover it in depth, because I do wanna cover this. This is a little taste. This is a little taste. But what I will tell you is that afterwards, after like this got out to the, to the public, a couple reported seeing two dirty unkempt men in an old car near the crime scene.


Now interestingly, another man who was working a delivery route in the area had also seen what he described as two scruffy looking men leading two nicely dressed men into the woods near Annie Creek on the day of the murders. Oh shit. And he said he noticed this. And he also noticed one of the nicely gr dressed guys make a symbol to the other guy. Like a hand symbol like that. Like a gun. Yeah. So basically trying to tell the other guy like, fuck, they have a gun. Or like, oh, okay. Something like that. Like trying to like subtly warn him. And he said he also saw a black Pontiac coop parked on the shoulder around the corner from the scene. Mm. Which, If you remember, Alan saw a dark sedan, the dark.


Yep. So that's interesting. Now this guy, this driver was driving again in the area the next day and he kept running into those same scruffy men that he saw before. And they were clearly making a point to intimidate him. He said they stared him down. They ended up blocking him in at a gas station at one point. The fuck. Driving that same black Pontiac that he had seen on the day of the murders. So now he saw the car near the scene, but now he knows they're the ones driving it. Yeah. And they just overall seem to be following him. But obviously because of this he was able to get a good look at them. One of the men who seemed to be the older, one of the two, he said had quite a few distinguishable details that this guy remembered. And the, the witnesses, his name is Lincoln.


So the man who had all these, like me memorable characteristics was wearing a beaded belt that said Ralph. Hmm. He had a tattoo of a woman in a bikini and he was also missing one of his fingers. Oh. So you'll remember that. Yeah. You'll remember a nine fingered guy. You sure will. Unfortunately the authorities didn't really take Lincoln's story too seriously. Like he kept, he kept telling them all this information, but it seems like some of his reports weren't even recorded at all. There are some that are on record and some like, he was like, I also gave additional information and it's just nowhere. Yeah. He said they that he thought the police thought he was a smart alec because remember this is the fifties.


Yeah. So they did think he was a smart lec. They definitely did. But weird, almost 50 years after the murders and Lincoln's weird experience with two scruffy looking men. Somebody new got eyes on the case. A woman named Cheryl was taking a class at a local college when she heard the story about the murders all those years ago. And she just got deeply fascinated with this case and like started going down all these rabbit holes getting every last detail together. And she ended up writing a paper about the murders. Oh shit. For her class. And it was a, it was a really well done paper. So she ended up giving a presentation later on the paper at a local museum, like in this area. Wow. Cheryl. Yeah. She's a queen.


So the presentation was attended by a ton of people who signed in before joining the discussion. And Cheryl's friend told her that the last man to walk into this whole presentation was suspicious looking. And while Cheryl was still presenting some of the paper, this man went down and started looking through the list of names of people who had signed in like, like very into it. Like studying this list. Fuck that. The other thing that they noticed about this man, her friend, he was missing a finger. Shut up. Shut the fuck up. Yep. But that's all I'm gonna give you. 'cause I wanna cover it in its entirety.


Oh my god. Weird though. Weird. What the fuck? Now what I will tell you is it's technically unsolved, but there is a good set of suspects for this murder. Okay. All right. Are these murders, I should say? Wow. That's fascinating. It's not a story. Yeah. Now onto the paranormal, apparently park rangers at the, in the crater Lake National Park will see campfires burning in areas where they're restricted. Oh, that's spooky. Now they'll go all the way out. They'll, and they'll say like, we see campfires, we see people around the campfires. And then they'll go out to confront the campers and be like, you can't have a fire here. And they'll get all the way out to where they saw this all happening. And there will be nobody there and no campfires lit.


That must be so maddening and so fucking creepy. 'cause you're like, what was bidding me out here? What the fuck was I seeing? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Apparently this happens a lot around Wizard Island. Wizard Island. You heard me? Wizard Island was formed way back when the volcano erupted and is named that because it apparently resembles a wizards hat if like from an overhead shop bitch. Yep. There's also another island in the Lake called Phantom Island. Phantom Island. Phantom Island is crazy. This lake is the tits. I love it. Phantom Island is named that because depending on what angle you're looking at it from, you'll see it. And then it's like this weird optical illusion where If you move slightly or like you see it at a different time of day, you'll see the, the island.


And then you won't suddenly Oh. Like it like literally disappears in your line of vision. That's spooky. That's really spooky. And also Wizard Island does look like a wizard tot It does. Correct. And that's where a lot of the phantom fires are seen. Oh shit. Yeah. Now finally onto the water monster of it all. Yeah, absolutely. There have been at least two sightings of the monster. The The monster. The monster. What the, the, I was gonna say the monster. Monster. Monster. The the monster. The water monster. And people say it looks like a dragon, kind of like Nessie cool. Like the lochness monster. We love Nessie here. In one instance, there was a group of friends who saw the crater Lake Dragons swim under their robot. This my God, what's happening?


I'm losing it. Crater Lake is getting to you. In one instance, a group of friends saw the crater Lake Dragons swim under their rowboat and they were so terrified that they hauled ass back to land. And were like flagging rangers down being like, we just saw a straight up creature in the Lake. We just saw a dragon. We just saw like, what is that? And they're like, there's fish in the Lake. I don't know. Imagine if there's a straight up dragon in that lake. I am fully of the mindset that there is at this point. Yeah. Fully of the mindset. Probably. Basically. Nobody believed them. They were like, yeah, are you, are you like high? Like are you good? And they're like, no. They're like, I'm high on dragon sighting is what I'm high on. We saw what we saw and yeah. Now we are high on dragon sighting, but they're not the only group of people to have seen this.


Of course they're not. 'cause it's real. A woman who was visiting the area from Georgia also wanted to do a little rowboat day of her own. Yeah. You couldn't fucking pay me money. But go right ahead. You could pay me money and I would do it. No, I would do it probably without paying If you paying me money. Nope. I'll watch from the shore. Yeah. Watch from Panal Island. Yeah. But she said that she saw the giant sea creature swimming away from her boat. Like she saw it herself too. What the fuck? And everybody describes it like a dragon like creature. That's the coolest shit I've ever heard. I'm obsessed with it. You can also buy postcards of it If you want to. Yep. 'cause now they lean in. Hell yeah. Yeah. If you got a Nessie, you better go full Nessie. Lean in. Yeah. Don't, don't you dare try to dispel the nessie. Exactly. Now I have a few honorable mentions. There wasn't like a ton of information on these things, but they happened.


Worth mentioning. Yeah. Worth mentioning. Many Bigfoot sightings. Oh, yep. We love that. Rangers will smell something real bad, investigate it, and then just get a barrage of pine cones thrown at them. That's the funniest shit I've ever heard. I'm obsessed with it. I love that big. I almost said big face. I love that. I love that. Bigfoot is just like, get the fuck outta here. Oh no, no, no. That was a bunch of, don't look at me, get outta here. There was also a 1997 UFO sighting. Oh hell yeah. There was three lights flashed across the sky. And then there was like a ton of weird flashes of lights. And then those three lights seemed to just disappear into the water. Oh yeah. Yeah.


UFOs underwater man. I mean, it's happening a lot lately. And that that thing's 2000 feet deep in some spots. So many places to go. There's definitely UFOs down there. Oh, the places though though. Oh, the places they'll go, you know? Yeah. And finally my favorite part of Crater Lake is the old man of the Lake. It's my favorite part too. And I don't, I don't know anything about it. He's not a man. He's actually a giant 30 foot mountain hemlock that just floats around the Lake upright. Which like obviously doesn't make sense from a, from a gravity standpoint, from a reality standpoint, from any, from this life standpoint.


He just floats upright in the Lake with about three feet. It used to be four. But you know, weather and global warming and all that. Now. Just three feet of him stick out of the Lake surface. Oh, there he is. Isn't he so cute? There he is. He just floats around. What the fuck. But there's more to him than that. Apparently. He controls the weather. Yeah. Are you ready? Of course he does. He does. Because in 1988 there was a group of researchers who were gonna survey the bottom of a lake. Of, of the Lake with like a submersible. Which, fuck that. Yeah. No, you couldn't ever have me do that. But they were worried that the submersible might run into the old man, like, and you know, break or something. Yeah. So they took him over to Wizard Island.


Of course. Yeah, of course. And they tied him to the shore. And in no time the weather took 180 degree turn. They were not even able to launch their submersible because storm clouds rolled in and it got so bad that it started snowing. Like the weather was going insane. Because you can't hold him down. You can't hold him down. Don't you dare tether the old man of the goddamn lake. Not my man's. I too would make the weather go fucking lawless If you tied me to the side of it. Lawless. That's the, yeah. The old man is lawless. The old man of the Lake is lawless. He really is. He is. He follows No, no, no rules. And he doesn't have to. Well, listen, I'm not asking him to, I'm not either.


No way. The second they untied him, the weather went right back to beautiful. Yeah. That's all he wanted. Like almost instantly. That's all he asked for. He wants to be free. Yeah. That's Let him be free. You can't hold him down. Now there's a lot of theories as to how old man just like floats upright because again, it makes no sense personally. Old man, I, it's because he's the most magical thing that we've ever come across in life. He's majestic. Some people think his density has increased over time because it's the wa he's been in the water for so long. Nah. Magic. But I don't magic think so. He's, yeah, he's just, he's a maverick. He's, he is a maverick. But he's ma as well. He is. He's a magic maverick. He's a maverick. And that is the tip of the iceberg about Crater lake.


Holy shit. I might do a part two on crater lake's. Gotta come. Yeah. 'cause there's some other disappearances that have taken place there. Oh yeah. We gotta, I'm sure I could probably find some more plane crashes that have gone down. Oh yeah. We gotta touch upon Crater lake again. Yeah. I crater lake. And I'm very interested to hear more about that double murder. Yes. 'cause that was shocking. Yeah. Me and Dave are gonna start working on that one real soon. Me and ve So keep a lookout for that. Hell yeah. We hope you enjoyed my rant in the beginning about how I'm being bullied. I feel a little safer in the office now. Yeah. You know, now that we've talked about crater Lake, we got it out. Yeah. The old man is there. The old man is on my side. He's on everyone's side. I'll, I'll use the old man to, because we'll never hold him down.


We'll never hold him down. I just wanna, I wanna be one with him. I just wanna like hold on him and float around the Lake. Just bob around the Lake. Actually, I don't because it's too deep. No. Fuck that. But I do wanna see the dragon. I wanna see the dragon. Yeah. And I wanna see grace. Yeah. I wanna help her. I know. I just want to send Grace home. I know. We have so many places we have to go. I'll owe the places we'll go. Yeah, yeah. Full circle. Well, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it. We, but that's weird that you don't check out these lakes. Mom, do it. Yay water. Bye Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024, CEO, Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This Assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing at him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in the world, And the suspect he Has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Mangione Became one of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted, premeditated, and mid to so terror. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by Law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus, you can join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.