
Hey, weirdos. Before we unleash today's s Macab Mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad free layer. With early access to episodes, you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. Financial experts often emphasize the importance of patience in investing. The most successful investors tend to be those who take a long term approach. They avoid those hasty decisions based on short term market fluctuations, and they stay committed in their investment strategy through the ups and the downs. Acorns is designed to help you adopt this patient long term approach to investing, making it easier for you to grow your wealth steadily Over time, you can start automatically investing with the spare money you've got right now. Even if that's just spare change, let time do its thing because the longer you stay invested, the more of a chance your money has to grow. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now, even if all you've got a spare change. Sign up now and join the over 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash Morbid or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier one compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, LLC and SEC, registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash Morbid.


You sign up for something, forget about it. After the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now, boom, you're saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery.


Wait, guys, serious question. Did you get your invite to our next Weirdos audio book club? No. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. Well consider yourself invited this time, you guys, we are covering the audible title Bluebeard, a suspenseful radio style dramatization of true life events leading to the capture of infamous, the infamous Bluebeard Watson, who conned and killed countless women in the early 19 hundreds. Join us and a special guest on Friday the 13th of December. While we talk about this title, join the conversation on Instagram Friday, December 13th. Weirdos audio book club Way of talking.


You got the baddest ideas. Does he actually say the baddest ideas or just I don't know that song. You don know that song. Is it old? Yeah, It is. I love thought. You're like, is it old? Like You old Songs? Isn't it old? You must know it. Hold on. You've got a cute way of dog. You know what? I'm not good. You've seen it before. You'll sing a song and I'll be like, I don't know what that song is. And then I'll listen to it And I'm like, oh, I know this song. You absolutely. I'm just not good at like, catching it when someone else sings it. It's the one that's like, you'll Make me feel like dancing. I'm gonna dance the night away. You'll make me feel like dancing.


Mom and Puppet definitely played this song. Please hold You, make me feel, Oh, I think I have heard this. I I don't think it played often in our house, though. This does not hit a nostalgia button at all for me. I love that song. Like, I think maybe I've heard that like once. Wow. You have to say, Hey, weirdos. Oh yeah. Hey, weirdos. I'm Alina, I'm Ash, and this is Morbid and You make us lot dancing. I don't know why I thought he said You have the baddest idea, so he says, you got the better of me.


Your interpretations of lyrics are incredible. Thank you. It is like, it's a specialty of mine. What? The pecan pie. Oh, it's, they're so, and the Ice queen. Ice queen. Oh, It is one of my best. We've told them that one. Yeah, but the have we told them the is that Empire of the Sun? Yes. It's not walking on a dream, is it? Yeah, It is. Is it? Yeah. Now I have, you got me feeling like dancing in my head, so I can't think of my version. Hold on. When he says, is it real now, when two people become one, I say, say Is It is pecan pie. And then I say, can I have some, some, can I have some pie?


And If you listen to it, you can hear the grandma a little bit. Yeah. It trails off a little after. I think the, The, the pecan pie was like a joke that I it just felt, felt right? Yeah. At the moment. Yeah. It And I love it. It was That was for the bet. That was for the plot. Okay. It was for the plot. Okay. It's for the plot. And that's lyrics with Kel. Thanks for tuning in folks. I love it. Thanks. How are you? Got the baddest ideas. You got a better of me. And I, when you were singing that, I was like, what? Because you were like, it's old. I was like, I feel like that wouldn't be what they would say. No. When I was singing that, I also was like, that's definitely not it. But it just felt good. You commit and like baddest now is good. Like you're the baddest bitch.


Yeah. You got the baddest ideas. Yeah. And it's kinda like, ooh, you got the baddest ideas girl. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Oh my God. You crazy girl. Oh, here we are. I put a lot of coffee creamer in my coffee today. Today she did. So I, she's on a different level. I'm in like Baja blast territory. Excuse me. Ba haha. Blast territory. It's true. I become unhinged and we love it. Thank you. We've got an unhinged case. Do we, that we're gonna talk about, do we, because we're gonna be covering James P Watson, The Bluebeard Killer. Oh. And then we're gonna be following this up with the Weirdos audio book club, honey. Hey. Yeah. So we're covering the case, and then we're gonna read the title and we're gonna discuss it with a special guest.


A special guest we're not announcing yet. But I think you know him And I think you'll love him. And we do too. And of course we do too. Of course. He's stuck with us forever. It's true. I I think he knows, knows that be, yeah. Yeah. He said he is happy being stuck with us forever. So who do you think It is? Not John or Drew, but they're also stuck with us forever. Yeah. So this story is very complex. Yeah. There are many names quite like the kind of like the one that you were doing. Yeah. The murder of Carol Thompson. Yeah. That would, that had a lot of names. Very so many names. Complex. So many criminals. See, and this is just one criminal who is goes by many names. Oh, we have another alias. Yeah. Kind of case.


So many aliases. I love them. So many. An alias. I an alias. I do. They become alias. I This is a, a wild one. Okay, so we're gonna start at a place, and then I'm gonna take you to the beginning. When Kathryn Wombacher suspected her husband, Walter Andrew, of having an affair in the spring of 1920, she hired a, you know, a private detective. She was, she was on her shit. She was like, queen, I'm not letting this just go queen. Also, back in 1920, in 1920, she hired a private detective to follow him on one of his many out of town trips that he would take. And they had only been married for a short period of time, and he had been on many out of town trips. So she was like, something's weird here. Yeah. But rather than follow Walter out of town, like the private detective thought he would be doing, he tracked the man less than a mile away from his home with Catherine.


What in Hollywood, where he discovered that Walter had indeed been carrying on a relationship with another woman. He was having an affair. But that was the least of Catherine's issues here. Oh, no. In fact, his real name was James Watson. And that was not the only name he was known by. Oh. So let's go back to the beginning. Who the fuck is James Watson? 'cause what are you doing, sir? Yeah. Is what I say. Yeah. Less than a mile away from your home. That's ccra. And all that time she thought he was like, like going town there and everywhere out of town, less than a mile away, but right under her nose. He was going out of town sometimes because that was not the only thing he was doing. Oh, I'm, I don't, I'm so scared to know what he was doing as you should be in the interviews he gave just after his arrest.


'cause he would be arrested later. Watson claimed to have very little memory of his early life. That tended to be his go-to thing. Okay. When, when he didn't wanna talk about something, he'd go, you know, it's crazy. I just don't remember. Oh, he pled the fifth a lot. Good. He would go so far as to tell a reporter that he'd grown up in an orphanage and couldn't remember which state he resided in. Okay. He only knew that it was in the South. Now, when asked what he knew of his parents, he again claimed he really didn't have any memory of either his mother or his father. But he did have vague memories, apparently of both parents appearing at one point or another to claim him at the orphanage. Okay. He said in an interview, it appears that a man came and they said, they must hide me for, they didn't want him, him to have me.


And I think I heard someone say he was my father. It seems to me they put me under the bed or in the closet just before he came. And I stayed there until he went away. And do we think this is true? Survey says that's a lie. Okay. So, yeah, no one really knows why Watson told these stories at this time. Especially. Yeah. They were basically all lies. Like he just kind of bullshitted his whole life. I guess it makes his life sound more interesting. He, yeah, he's very, he's HH Holmes s Ah, I see. It was, he's got that, it had that vibe. Yeah. Where he lies a lot. He embellishes a lot. He goes by many aliases to get away with different things. Like all very fantastical, lots of marriages happening here.


Okay. But he would also claim that he couldn't remember details of something when one, he wanted to get away with something or just be a dick. Yeah. But he also, they found that he would do this when the reality of the situation was too painful. So he did have some trauma. Yeah, I was gonna say, that's definitely a trauma response. And this would make sense for him because again, his early life was definitely not great. There was a lot of abuse, a lot of neglect. It was, he did not grow up in a loving home. Yeah. You feel bad for the kid version of him. Yeah. Now, James Watson was not born. James Watson had a feeling he was born. Charles Gillum in Carroll County. That's great. Name. Why change it? Right. Charles Gillum. I love the name Charles.


He was born in Carroll County, Arkansas on July 3rd, 1871. His father was a dick and abandoned in the family when Watson was just an instant infant. Just took off. Great. And his mother was also a dick. She was super volatile and would honestly direct all her rage and anger at her only son. Awesome. Yeah. When James was still very young, his mom remarried and changed his first and last names. Yeah. Relatable. Yeah. Re christening him as Joseph Holden. Oh, okay. Yeah. So she maybe did like maybe to have a more holy name, I guess. I'm not really sure. Sounds sure. Yeah. I, I think just, just shenanigans on her part.


Yeah. Moms that change their kids' names are weird. Yeah. It's a little strange. Now at the time of his mother's remarriage, his stepfather already had several children of his own. And neither parent made any effort to integrate James into that new family. That's really sad. He was just kind of kicked to the side. Yeah. So his mom's a complete piece of shit and his new stepfather was also a complete piece of shit. Yeah. Fuck him. Yeah. They just didn't do it. Instead, they just kind of used him as a scapegoat for whatever went wrong and would just kinda like torment and abuse him. Wow. His entire childhood. Why? Why have children? So those two are fucking assholes. When he was just 12 years old, he left home for good. Wow. Just took off.


Was like, I'm good with this. The shit he must have seen and experienced by 12. Yeah. To leave at 12. To leave permanently. Yeah. He left home for good. He drifted around the southern United States taking jobs wherever he could find them in his version of events. And remember, you have to take all what he's saying as a grain of salt because he's a liar. A true, true liar. Right. But I mean, I guess it wouldn't really serve him too much to lie about this part, but who knows. You never know. Yeah. In his version of events, he was adopted and his new family traveled around the south working as farm laborers. According to Watson, in his mid-teens, he spent a long period in Kansas working on a farm with a man who served as the area's blacksmith.


He told the a reporter for the Los Angeles Times, he used to make me work on the farm. If I didn't do my work, I didn't eat. And then he said, oh good. The blacksmith was physically abusive and would often hit and whip him for things he didn't realize he had even done wrong. Jesus. Yeah. What is wrong with all these adults? Truly, according to Watson, he ran away from the blacksmith's farm for about a year, and then he changed his name again to Dan Bolton. Okay. From this point, he continued traveling through the South as kind of just like working as a laborer, whatever he could do. Eventually he made his way up to Canada and he settled in a place that I didn't know existed, And I love the name of it. Moose Jaw Saskatoon? Hell yeah.


Moose Jaw, Saskatoon. Oh, hey, where are you from? Oh, I come from a moose. Moose Jaw cat. What? Moose Jaw. Saskatoon. I come from Moose Jaw, Saskatoon. It has a very nice mouthfeel when you say it. Mooses Moose. S Saskatoon. Saskatoon. It's the Saskatoon of it all. Yeah. It's very smooth because you do the, and then the cut and then the T and then the Ooh and the Oon. I like the Saskatoon. Yeah. Yeah. And Moose Jaw is just great. I feel like you know how people like call their animals crazy things. I could see you calling your dog saskatoons. Oh hell yeah. Come here you little Saskatoon. Come here. Your little Saskatoon. I love it. Oh, that was the Bubba was Gober Nation station.


Oh yeah. For a long time. She was many, many things she, but Bernet Station was a, was one Nation station. I just called my cat Sexy Man. And Drew was like, that's weird. He's like, that's weird. And I'm like, whatever. So, so here he goes. He settles in Moose Jaw Saskatoon in 1912 and he changed his name again. That's when he changed it to James Watson. Okay. Now, in the year that followed, he found work at a mill in Calgary and there, and from there he traveled to Vancouver. He went into business for himself and operated a collection agency. You are in a place of Canada lately? I am in a place of Canada lately. All I, I get it. It's fun. Yeah. I mean Canada.


Canada, right. Canada, right. No, in 1913, Watson met and married Catherine Cruz in Nelson, which is a small city in the mountains of southern British Columbia. There's not a lot known about Catherine, but through like some articles and publications, they list her as either his first or his fourth wife. Oh, big difference there. Yeah. And, and you, as you'll see, it's, there's countless, so it, it's really, it's hard to keep it track. Yeah. In a letter to a friend Catherine wrote, James certainly knew about how to get married quickly. We were married without any of our friends knowing about anything about it. My parents did not know of it until sometime afterwards. Oh, that's really sad. And when she says, James certainly knew how to get married quickly, that's an understatement.


Oh yeah. Now, as a collection agent Watson would have to spend a lot of time traveling, you know, to collect on debts, do all that kind of stuff. Yeah. So on his frequent trips away from home, he was doing something that didn't seem suspicious to Catherine at the time. Yeah. Like that check, he travels for work. Yeah. Like it wasn't hard to convince her. Sure. So he would, what was a little suspicious was he would, was he would come back from these trips a lot of time with women's clothing and jewelry. That's upsetting. And he would tell his wife, these items were seized in payment of overdue debts or mortgages. And so now you get them, don't walk them. And she was like, okay, that feels bad. But she was like weird.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything,


terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk-free at greenlight.com/ Wondery.


Now, because Watson was a consummate liar, who by the end of his life couldn't even tell which parts of his own history were true and false. Like he had Yikes. Literally muddled his own memory so much. That's scary. Yeah. It's really difficult to know where his habits went from bigamy to murder. Like where exactly it happened, huh? Between 1915 and 1918, he was juggling several marriages at the time. Marriages too. Marriages. Not just like women, like girlfriends, marriages. Marriages. Like how Yeah. And some of those, his wives would just disappear without a trace. Oh no. Yeah. And as a result, it's impossible to know precisely when his murder spree began or even identify his very first victim.


Okay. But specifically, since he frequently claimed to have forgotten so many details, it gets very muddled. It should also kind of be noted that while he did confess to many murders, there's no exact list of how many wives he even had or how many of them were victims. Like there could be more. Wow. Not many more. Yeah. Even the details of those that are known to have been killed are so obscured and vague. It's kind of difficult to put everything together. It's not impossible to put together like an accurate chron chronology of the events. At least like to some extent. Yeah. But I guess even like modern sources will tell you like it's difficult to put dates and names with victims to a T.


Yeah, sure. That makes sense. Like things get muddled in here. Now, in October, 1917, while he was still married to Katherine Cruz Watson going by the name Charles Newton Harvey. Now Jesus Christ. Oh yeah. We're only at the tip of it. He, he was married to Catherine Cruz. Yes. Now he's going by the name Charles Newton Harvey. And he's married, marrying another woman now while he's married to Catherine named Alice Ludwig. Okay. In Port Townsend, Washington. It's worth noting that he was technically still married to Katherine Cruz, but he had abandoned her several years earlier. Oh. Like maybe even as early as 1914. Just abandoned her. Nice standup guy. Yeah. With the exception of maybe Cruz, it looks like Watson's method of meeting women was typically placing an ad in the lonely hearts.


Oh, one sections. Yes. One of those people. Yeah. He would advertise himself as a wealthy man looking for a wife. And this was exactly the kind, this was the advertisement that he placed under the alias HL Gordon. A gentleman need appearing of court of courteous disposition, well connected in a business way, has quite a little property and has connected several corporations. His ba, his nice bank account, has nice bank account as well as considerable role of government bonds would be pleased to correspond with refined young lady or widow objective matrimony. This advertisement is in good faith. All answers will be treated with respect, which will, you can see why people responded to that.


Of course. He seems nice. He's got money, he's got property, he's looking for marriage, he's going give you a chance no matter what. Yeah. Alright. I'm saying I'd answer back then. So once the advertisement would get some responses, he would evaluate each one and he would pick out the wealthiest women. It's like a game for him. It absolutely was. And once he picked out that list of wealthy women, he would start a rapid fire courtship and urge a very early marriage with them. Scary. After the marriage, he would ask his new wife for a list of her closest friends, her closest relatives, saying he wanted to make sure he knew who was close to her so he could notify them in case of emergency. From that point forward, he set about, you know, fleecing them of money, essentially property various other assets by either asking for small to bigger size loans or claiming, you know what, why don't we just combine our assets together, roll our wealth into each other's and that would give him free access to their money.


You know what? This makes me wonder, I wonder when prenups started. I know, I'm gonna Google that really quickly 'cause it just Yeah, that's a good call. It popped into my head now, in the early decades of the 20th century, and for many decades later, the concept of a serial or spree killer was still unfathomable. Like, I mean yeah, serial killers, spree, killers were not a thing that people were studying or thinking could even happen. And the majority, you know, of Americans were naive to the fact that men would prey on women to the extent that Watson did. It just wasn't something that happened. Yeah. Like all the time. So it never occurred to any of Watson's wives that not only was he only marrying them for the money, but he also intended to kill them once they were no longer of any use or value to him.


Right. That never crossed their mind. It wasn't like they were looking at this ad being like, oh, I wonder if he's a murderer. Like we would Yeah. Like, like modern women probably would immediately be like, but this guy could be a Serial killer. Yeah. Like probably most likely never crossed their mind. Of course not. And, and shouldn't have because it wasn't a big thing. It just wasn't a thing that they had to worry about back. And also being married was like a, a huge, huge thing back then. Yeah. That was a thing. You were looking to get married, you were looking those like combine assets Absolute. You were looking to, And it was a place of stature that was your societal standing. Exactly. And by the way, prenups actually go back to ancient Egypt. Wow. Which is crazy. Yeah. According to the AI on Google prenuptial agreements, also known as marital contracts date back to ancient Egypt, where some of the earliest known prenups were written on Papis scrolls over 2000 years.


Papyrus papyrus scrolls, excuse me, 2000 years ago. But I think the prenup as we think of it, yeah. Like the more kind of legal document. Legal document became more popular in the 1980s. Oh, okay. But that's so cool to think about that. There was some kind of discussion of like what we're gonna divvy up or what we keep and you get that's Yeah. That's funny. And if you think of it too, like in like more medieval times, it was like dowries and stuff like that was your kind of their version of like a prenup. Yeah. It was like leading up to them. More formal one. Yeah. It's interesting. Interesting. But yeah, these women back, they didn't have any reason to really be thinking that this is what they were encountering here. Yeah. In fact, many of the women looking for love and companionship in the newspaper were older and more socially established already.


So it made their pool of potential suitors a little smaller. Not only were they less likely to be suspicious of a man who seemed pretty psyched to move into like forward with the relationship quickly, but they were also su susceptible to the grand romantic gestures that Watson made and the promises of exotic vacations. You know, they had already been through this rig of roll. Right. So there's like another one. Let's go. Yeah. Unfortunately, for many of Watson's wives, those exciting and exotic vacations would turn out to be their last starting with Alice Lud vixen in 1917, according to his confession, later the two of them took a fishing trip on a river in Idaho and while out on the water in their small row boat, the boat became jammed up against some logs that had been sec, like secured to the riverbank.


And Watson said he claimed that Alice started to push against the logs with her hands and he was pushing with his feet. And when the boat finally like dislodged, she lost her balance and fell from the boat. Oh. And he said his first impulse was to rush to one of the logging camps in the vicinity and ask for help. But he was a stranger in the neighborhood and fearing that he might be suspected of being the cause of the woman's death, he finally decided to say nothing about the matter. I feel like this went differently. He definitely murdered her. Yeah, absolutely. Like drowned her most likely. Her body was never recovered and her death only came to light after he was arrested. Wow. Yeah, it was definitely a murder, like for sure.


Yeah. But he claimed it was an accident and he claimed that it gave him the idea that he could oh, conveniently get rid of his wives once he secured access to their finances and then he could move on to a new woman, you know, using the lonely heart section of the newspaper and keep doing it. Right. The next several murders happened in quick succession, all in a very similar manner to Alice. There was Beatrice Andre Watha, a widow who was described as having a particularly lovely disposition. Aw. Watson married her in Tacoma, Washington in the summer of 1918, under the name Harry Lewis. They took a trip to Lake Washington a few months later where Beatrice drowned under mysterious circumstances.


So he likes to drown people. Yeah. Yeah. He changes it up a little bit. Oh, okay. Agnes Wilson, he married in September, 1918. Now remember 1918, that's the same year. Same year. So his previous Beatrice drowns, he marries Agnes in the same year. Damn. And in the same year she met the same fate in Lake Washington, the same exact lake when she fell from the boat, quote unquote and drowned in the rough waters of Lake Washington. Bertha Goodrich also referred to in some sources as Goodnick, she married Watson and also quote unquote fell from a boat on Willy Washington One afternoon when they went out on the water, according to Watson, he said she tried to travel from the stern to the center of the craft and lost her balance and fell, doubt it.


But later he slipped up because he referred to this death explicitly as a murder. Wow. Yeah. So It's like, how could that be a murder if she just slipped? Yeah. He would just forget what he referred to as an accident when he didn't. Yeah, of course. Now, initially Watson framed the deaths of these wives, like I said, as accidental drownings. And he said he just, you know, he would capitalize on it by taking control of the women's estates. But in interviews with investigators, after he was arrested, he would claim he was impelled to do these acts by some dominating force that he could not understand. He said that the impulse to kill would come upon him and that he would feel that some mighty power was instructing him and forcing him to commit murder.


Okay. Yeah. Now, according to him, he would resist the urge for a little period of time until he was no longer able to control himself and he would kill. And after that he said he would always feel a sense of relief, a feeling he described as having done well. Okay. So he's a straight up murderer. Yeah. Like he was made into a monster and he like very much enjoys it and he doesn't because he wants to. And I think the money is just like a happy thing, an added bonus. And he also likes in during it. Right now the deaths of these women seem to have been committed opportunistically so far. Or at least orchestrated to appear as accidents at some point in early 1919, though only the following year after all those Jesus, it seems that the kind of accidental nature of these deaths was no longer sufficient to satisfy his need to kill.


This is evident in the murder of Marie Austin, who Watson married in Calgary very shortly after the wedding, they honeymooned in Coe d'Alene and on a trip to Lake Coe d'Alene, he struck her on the head with a rock. Holy shit. And drowned her in the lake. Oh my God. After she was dead, he waited her body down with rocks and sank her to the bottom of the lake. Oh my God. So he really escalated. Yeah. Her death was followed quickly by the death of Eleanor Fraser, whom Watson married in Seattle in the same exact year, early 1919 for their honeymoon. The couple visited the waterfalls in Spokane while looking out over the falls. The waterfalls admiring the view.


Watson came up behind Eleanor and hard pushed her into the waterfall. Holy shit. And she drowned. And when he told detectives of this later, he said there was no controversy, just an impulse to kill. So he was like, there was nothing wrong. We weren't fighting. I just pushed her over. And she's just having this moment where she's probably thinking, just looking up like, wow, what a beautiful life I'm living and I'm on my honeymoon and he pushes her into the falls. Holy shit. Yeah. So, although it's difficult to pinpoint the specifics of names and dates, you know, it's very clear that he's increasing in violence as he goes. A few months after Fraser's death, Elizabeth Pryor, who Watson married as Milton Lewis in Coeur d'Alene on March.


And that's in Idaho on March 25th, 1919. This is the same year. So he's now on wife three for the year. And we are only in March, which is insane. Yeah. She died a similarly violent death. According to Watson's confession. Shortly after the, they got married, they got into a little argument and in what he called a house near Olympia, Washington. And he said prior attacked him with a hat pin. Okay. And Watson claimed that he pushed her away violently and she fell to the floor, but hit her head on the corner of a box based on the amount of blood. Watson assumed she was dead, but to make certain, he said he got a hammer and struck her in the head with it.


Now, that's not entirely true. Okay. He didn't just hit her on the head with a hammer. He literally crushed Elizabeth's skull with a sledgehammer. A sledgehammer. Yes. What the fuck? The way that he just started drowning people and now and like pushing them over cliffs like that's almost passive in a way. Yeah. You know what I mean? But then to beat somebody about the head with a sledgehammer and for him to claim that she fell and hit her head first, that's, I think that's bullshit. Because you could never tell that that was, he crushed her skull. Yeah. There was no way to tell that she had hit her head before that. My God. And after killing her, he placed her body in a large hole in the yard. In the yard from a, And it was like a large hole that was from a tree that had been uprooted.


And then he covered her over and buried her with dirt. He went back to the house and he said he found the room was so covered with blood that he could not possibly clean it all up. So he just set the house on fire. I have a feeling that's what he was gonna do.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career, be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown scs, the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


Behind every BP, Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day. People producing energy offshore people turning it into products at at our refineries, people doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine. People trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you at one of VP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs VP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.


In the three years leading up to Elizabeth Pryor's death Watson estimated that he married about 20 women. I love that. Even he's not sure. Yeah, he's not really sure. He's like I It is probably like ballpark 20 and some estimates are as high as 40. Really? Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah. Some of them disappeared, some of them were murdered. And it occurred to Watson that it was getting a little risky to operate in the Pacific Northwest now. So he packed up his things, abandoned his many wives without any words I say. 'cause you're just like taking out everybody everywhere. And he traveled southwest to California, settling in San Francisco in the fall of 1919. We are still in 1919. When you just said that, I was like, I wanna be clear. Was like, hello.


Yeah. Once there Watson met and married Nina Delony as well as two other women. Great. So we married three women. Fantastic. Right off the bat. Whose names he claimed to have forgotten by the time he was arrested. He probably did. He probably did. Which is so crass and like awful, but I believe it. Yeah. Nina Delony arrived in California from Montana in November, 1919. And on December 5th, within weeks of her arrival, she was married to Watson, who she knew as Charles and Harvey. On January 12th, 1920, they registered at a hotel in Santa Monica and they spent their honeymoon there on January 26th. Only like a week later, they left Santa Monica for a camping trip near Signal Hill.


Hill in Long Beach. Don't go on camping trips. No. With these men just don't do it. At some point during the trip, Nina became suspicious that her husband was having an affair. 'cause he was with many other women. So many women because she with all the women. And she found several letters from other women in his possession. Yikes. The two got into a heated argument and after losing his temper entirely, he struck Nina in the head with a hammer, then smothered her with a blanket. Oh. After smothering her, he struck her several more times with the hammer just to make sure she was dead. Yeah. Oh, just the brutality. Yeah. The violence is insane. Yeah. That night he wrapped me and his body in a blanket and drove south to the Imperial Valley and buried her in a shallow grave along a mountain road.


About a month later, one of Nina's friends in Kentucky received a telegram from her saying she was in Tijuana. Stop it. So he would also, and we find out later, he would follow up with letters to all their family members to try to make sure they thought they were alive. Which is so he why he asked for those contacts. And these are like multiple, multiple women that he's killing and maintaining relationships with their family members as them. He had to have been kept keeping like crazy logs of did of whose family was who he did. And he kept all their letters. He kept, I, I love that he can't remember certain women's names that he was married to. He has, he has all these things, but somehow was able to keep track of all the, all of that for someone who has a shitty memory later in life, quote unquote.


He was able to hold many different people And I can't even remember people's names who I literally just shake their hands. It's true. She forgot. I forget names immediately. And it's not because I don't give a shit, it's because I just don't hold a name. Some people just don't have Yeah. I don't have that ability. Yeah. And this guy is literally holding all these facts with people, maintaining communication with their family members. And then later It is like, yeah, my memory is just crazy. I'm like, no, I just can't remember. No, that doesn't make any sense. Now, among the more curious aspects of the case for investigators and the public honestly was how Watson was able to do just that. How was he able to manage multiple wives at one time? Like logs, married couples, see in logs are one thing, but married couples see each other most days.


Like that's, I do like every day. It's crazy. Like you pretty much live with your spouse of that's so the time you see them. A lot of, yeah. So juggling as many as four or five wives at once at a time would require a lot of absences. Yeah. For each of them. Yeah. Watson solution was to tell each wife that his job required him to travel often, either as a collections agent or a secret service or other government agent. Of course he's like, I'm in the CIA. Yeah. So the ordinary American in the early 20th century, those jobs were familiar titles. They, that wasn't weird like collection agent, you know? Right. But they were vague enough that no one was gonna like pry any further. Yeah. And in the event that one of the wives would become suspicious, he would just quickly pack up his and usually her things and disappear or just murder her.


Yeah. Those were his two options. Yeah. Steal all her shit and disappear or murder her. Yeah. Now the latest of K Watson's wives, Katherine Wombacher, you may remember from the beginning. I do indeed. Became suspicious when her husband, whom she knew as Walter Andrews had been gone for extended periods of time. And during one of those extended periods of time, that was when he murdered and married Nina Delony. Okay. So he had left being like, I'm going out on business. And married and murdered a woman. And then wrote letters, came home to family members, then came Yeah, Catherine was a dress maker from Spokane, Washington who married Watson in late 19. 19. We're still in 1919. How many people did he marry in 19?


19? My God. It was so many. And before he left the area and relocated to California. And at the time of the marriage, he told his new wife that he worked as a federal agent and required they required a lot of traveling around Yeah. To investigate thefts despite this impressive, and you know what you would presume to be a lucrative employment, you know? Yeah. Watson seemed particularly interested in Catherine's finances. Huh. And within weeks of their marriage, he was asking her for loans of several thousand dollars. No. I'd be like, I thought you had a good job. Why? You need my money. Yeah. Catherine soon grew tired of this whole thing and was like, you're gone a lot. And I think it's weird. And in early 1920, she followed him to California herself, showing up unexpectedly at his residence.


She's a badass. How scary though, to think what he could have done to her. True. And with Catherine unwilling to return to Washington without him, he had no choice but to set up a new residence with her in Hollywood. She was like, I'm not leaving. So incredible. Figure it out. Incredible. So the new apartment in California didn't do a lot to settle her anxieties about him, though he still disappeared for long periods of time. He seemed more secretive than he had ever been. And among the more sensitive topics that she would get into with him was the large black satchel that he carried with him everywhere he went. And the bag was always locked. It had a lock on it. And he was cagey and sometimes combative when she would ask him what was inside of it.


It's shocking that he didn't just murder her as quickly as he murdered these other women. Especially because she's asking question, she's asking questions. That's some of these other, they're just looking out over cliffs and he pushes them off a cliff or Exactly. Hits them in the head with a hammer for literally nothing. For literally nothing. She actually kind of onto him. She is. So assuming her husband was carrying on an affair with another woman. Yeah. That was like the most, she was upset about. Catherine hired Nick Harris, who was an LA private detective, love to follow the pd. Right. And she was like, fall. And this is at 1920 too, so it seems very That's okay. And she was like, follow my husband. Find out what he's up to. And chain smoke while you're at it. Exactly. Like Catherine Harris assumed the case was, you know, infidelity.


Like pretty simple. Yeah. It's gonna be straightforward. I'm sure he's dealt with that a lot. Yeah. And he began following Watson in early April and when he, that's when Watson had told Catherine he had to go out of town to investigate a diamond smuggling ring. Shut the fuck up in northern California, do you ever notice how these guys who do this shit, they always overinflate? Yes. They always turn into like, I, I have to investigate a diamond smuggling ring. Like their son. He's like, I'm a CIA agent. Yeah. He's like, oh my God, you're just a stupid murderer. Gross. You're just an asshole in a waste of space. You're so gross. But rather than follow him to northern California as he was expecting to do. Right. Since that's where he told Catherine he would be going, the detective assigned to the case, G JB Armstrong, followed Watson to a small house less than a mile away, where he watched Watson go inside and not come out until the following morning.


Oh yeah. He's got a girlfriend. Yeah. Arms now a wife. Armstrong waited until Watson left the house for an extended period and then he contacted the sheriff's office and was like, yo, I need your help breaking into this house. It's unclear what grounds they were able to enter that home on without consent. Shaky, ground. Shaky for sure. But an article published a few days later stated that Walter Andrews, James Watson was suspected of complicity in the recent attempt to burglarize the Heinz banks, which theoretically could have given them cause Okay. Probable. Did they make it up? Maybe. Possibly. I don't know. Possibly. They might not have though. Maybe they had some evidence here. But once inside they did get inside the men located Watson's famous black bag.


Oh, he left his body left, left it. I'm so scared. What the, what's the bag? They broke the lock and discovered three marriage licenses under three different names, including a marriage to Nina Delony, as well as jewelry, money, and other valuables believed to be from women he had married, abandoned, or killed. And he's just, he's got all this on his person, just walking around with it. Yeah. And also in the bag was a list of 20 women with whom he had been corresponding 20 along with some of the letters from those women indicating he had no intentions of stopping. Oh, he was on the next, he just felt like a big shot. Yeah. He was just onto the next, what? 20 women. He was corresponding with. I can't answer a text.


You can't. And this man is corresponding with 20 different people. Couldn't be me and via snail mail. Couldn't be me. No, we honey, it could never be you. Could never be me. Like holy shit. Wow. Back at the sheriff's office, the deputies with the help of the Harris Agency sent telegrams to law enforcement officials in the area where the marriage licenses had been issued. And it was from those agencies that investigators learned their suspect, who they knew as Walter Andrews had quote, deserted his wives after they had given him sums. Ranging, ranging from $600 to $4,500. Damn. Based on the multiple marriage licenses, the Sheriff's office got a warrant for Watson's arrest on the charge of bigamy.


Yep. And on April 9th, they returned to the house to arrest him and return him to San Diego to be questioned for other crimes, including the death of Nina do Delony. Right. Because her marriage license was in there. However, when they arrived at the house and announced that they were going to be arresting him for several crimes, he pulled out a pocket knife from his pocket and cut his own throat. No. Yeah. But he lived because he, he says, shit, he was rushed to the nearest hospital for treatment and while they awaited word from doctors, they started investigating and unraveling the giant puzzle. That was Jane Watson's fucking life. It took some time. But using the information contained in the bag and the additional documents and information provided by Katherine Wombacher, queen, queen investigators in California were able to connect a lot of the dots from one alien alias and wife to another.


'cause there's so many aliases. Yeah. And wives. So they put together a truly shocking picture. By the time he had been stabilized, a few days later, detectives had connected Watson to at least 17 wives officially, like at this point. Oh my God. Including several who had gone missing under mysterious circumstances. Also, they were surprised to find his activity extended far beyond the borders of California and included wives in states up and down the West Coast and several in Canada. My God. Because most had been taken for various sums of money and were fucking pissed. Like a lot of them had just been taken for money and abandoned. Yeah. All of the wives that police in California were able to connect.


Con contact, had no hesitation talking to them. They were like, let's go. Yeah. Sit down. Let me tell you everything. Right. According to Elizabeth Williamson, Watson's wife in Sacramento, her husband, who she knew as Richard Hurt, was a woman hater and resorted to many marriages as revenge on women as a sex for sufferings caused to him by a few, beginning with his mother. So she's saying, it always goes back to, to the, this is him being a fucking woman hater. His mom fucked him up and he's angry at women and he's gonna punish us all. And she pretty much hit the nail on the head. And she did, according to Williamson, she had arrived at the conclusion based on many statement statements he had made to her about women.


She's like, he's a piece of shit. Yeah. Now, within a week of Watson's arrest, investigators had found additional evidence connecting him to several other women, much of which was stored in a safety deposit box in San Diego. So now he has all different fucking storage things. It was at this time that he was also connected to Bert, a Goodrich sometimes referred to as good. Nick and Alice Luson, the, the initial like accidental, quote unquote death. His course victim. Pretty much also by this time, investigators had identified several of the names Watson had used in his marriage schemes, including, but not limited to Walter Andrews, Walter Andrew Watson, Charles Newton Harvey, Harry Lewis, a Hilton, Andrew Huirt, James Wood, cn, Harvey, Edward Huff, Dan Holden, James r Ruit, and HL Gordon.


That's 12. And that's all. That's like, not limited, but what they know of. Yeah. As they followed the clues from one wife and alias to another, it was coming increasingly clear that there was more to the story than simple bigamy and financial fraud. Right. In a storage unit in la rented under the name CN Harvey detectives found a large amount of Nina Deon's furniture. Oh. As well as typewritten letters from several of Watson's wives, which it would later be learned that he used to fool family members into thinking their loved ones were still alive. And they were all, a lot of them were like stored in this box. That's like a, that's like something all on its own. Like convincing their family members that they're still alive, sitting down and writing as that person to convince them.


That's a whole other layer. Fucked up. Exactly. Yeah. One of those letters signed by Alice Lud Vinson informed her family that she would be taking a long trip to South America and wouldn't be able to contact them for some time. Oh.


Looking for the ultimate night out experience the action from a luxury suite at Capital One Arena. Watch Ovechkin Chase history as a capital's. Hit the ice or catch the Wizards. Take on the NBA's best rock out with disturbed vibe with Mary j Blige. Or dance the Night Away with Kylie Minogue. Premium seating, VIP service and unforgettable moments all under one roof. Book your suite now@capitalonearena.com slash Premier Capital One Arena watching style live in the moment.


They also began assembling a large file of newspaper clippings where Watson was finding and meeting his wives, as well as several marriage announcements, including one from 1913 announcing the marriage of James Watson to Katherine Cruz. Huh. Finally, they also discovered a bloodstained map of the Bargo Valley, which investigators believe would lead them to where Nina Deon's body was. Oh. And it was bloodstained That's so horrific to think about while law enforcement officials worked cooperatively, which is nice to hear. 'cause there are so many of them that have to work together. And this could have been an absolute shit show of egos and bullshit.


Yep. And we've seen that happen. Oh yeah. They, we, they worked very cooperatively to dis just disentangle this whole thing. Nice. Nice headlines and papers across California and the Pacific Northwest were full of stories of who they were now referring to as a modern day Bluebeard. That's a reference to the 17th century French folk tale of well of a wealthy man who murders his wives. It's also got pirate vibes. It does. And we all agreed with that. Me, Mikey and Ash were like, I thought this was a pirate. Yep. A hundred percent. I thought this was a pirate. I don't know. As soon as I heard about Bluebeard, I was like, oh, a pirate's cool. Right. Like it feels piratey. Yeah. I'd never heard of that. Grim fairy tale.


Is black beard a pirate? Black beard's gotta be a pirate. Black beard's. A pirate pilot. Maybe that's where pilot, I just said pilot. A pirate pilot too, maybe. Who knows? It's black beard. Right? Yeah. That's why we, I think that's where we were all Yeah. Going. Yeah. Just, you know, colorful beards. He was an English pirate. Yeah, I knew it. So there you go. We're not far off. No. But each day with this case seem to bring more reports of another wife and Yeah. You know, more disturbing details and new questions about the missing women as well. But what seemed to baffle the press and police alike was how very little Watson seemed to fit the description of somebody they thought could be a murderous maniac. Right. Who was also charming. All these women.


Yeah. Especially back then too. Yeah. They're like, you're like, they don't understand this whole concept. They're not seeing it. So rather than being the stereotypically mad killer, they expected doctors and detectives found Watson to be a quote gnome like fellow, a GN like fellow. Yes. A gnome like fellow's tricking all these ladies a gnome, a gnome like fellow. Fellow who whined and dined his perspective brides at fancy restaurants and even endeared himself to the widowed ones with children, which is so fucked up. Oh, I hate that. He was, one journalist wrote A man of average looks and build well spoken and intelligent.


So he was just your everyday gnome like fellow. You know, aome sent me Aome, like fellow Aome sent me almost two weeks into their investigation. Police in LA were notified about the discovery of Elizabeth Pryor's body in Plum Station, Washington. It didn't take long for the news to hit the papers. And soon after it made its way back to Watson that they had found her body. He was still in the hospital recovering from that self-inflicted neck wound. He heard the news and he made another attempt to end his life by cutting his wrists. Wow. But the hospital staff stopped him. This is so crazy that I actually forgot that he slid his own throat. Yeah. Upon arrival. Because there like I so much happening. I was like, wait, what happened? And I was like, oh wow. Okay. And he slid his own throat and then he heard that they found Elizabeth Pryor's body and he tried to slice his wrists, but the hospital staff was able to intervene.


Good. So for weeks, Los Angeles County district Attorney Thomas Woolwine had been interrogating Watson trying to get him to confess, but they'd made very little progress with him at this point. He was frequently claiming he had no memory. Now is it Plead the fifth all over the place. Yeah. I again, just can't remember. Yeah. And following the discovery of Pryor's body in Washington, though Watson probably accepting the fact that he had no fucking way out of this at this point, asked to speak with wool wine and in the course of a few days, he confessed to killing four of his wives by the four. Yeah. That was just the beginning. But by the time the case was closed, he had confessed to killing at least nine of his wives at least.


That was only what he confessed to. He said he told Woolwine something just told me to go and marry them, and yet something told me not to yet I would go do it. And it seemed all at once, an impulse came over me to go someplace and make a way with them. It seemed like, I had done something I was ordered to do. That's scary. 'cause you're like, like, what the fuck? And obviously back then there was not really any way to like psychologically evaluate him to, I mean they, they tried to for sure. Like they always, I mean like, like how they could in modern times Yeah. Not a thing. You know what I mean? As now, but, and there's so many things that didn't even have names yet. Yeah. So that's the thing. You just wonder what what he was, was what he had or had. Yeah. After giving his confession, he led detectives to the mountain in El Centro where he buried Nina Delony, but he couldn't remember exactly where the grave was.


Did they find it? But they did eventually find and exhume her from the shallow grave. His confession was published in parts, in papers across the country. And people were demanding he be executed for his crimes. Oh yeah. Both those he'd confessed to and those he was assumed to have been committing, but in exchange for his confession and directions to Nina Maloney's body, Woolwine offered him a sentence of life in prison. You can understand that. And honestly, yeah. And they needed the information. I'm sure Nina's family would've rather had their loved one back than another person did. Exactly. On May 3rd, 1920, just before leading police to Nina Maloney's body, James Watson made a public statement through his attorney j Morgan Marmaduke.


Like, sir, nobody wants that. No. Also Marmaduke a lot bit. Right. And he tried to defend himself as mentally ill. He said he does sound mentally ill. He does. But when you, when you hear the statement, you're like, but you're like real self-aware. Like, I'm like, I don't like that. Seems pretty self-aware. And it also, like he seems mentally ill, but he's also able, he's sane and like Yeah. Has the wherewithal to keep track of most of this. At least that's the thing. So he's, I think he's mentally ill, but I think he is sane. Yes. Agree. And knows what he was doing, knows it was wrong. I don't think he should be put in a institution or a hospital. I think completely agree. Yeah. So he said, is it even reasonable to think my acts are the work of a sane man who is in a position to control himself?


My every act shows I am to be pitied more than to be blamed, disagree. Fuck off. Yeah. No, I don't pity you. I don't pity you at all. You're a fool. But I don't pity the fool. And then he urged the public to consider the circumstances before passing judgment. He said, if they will do this, I believe the public will not ask that I should receive the same punishment as if I were a normal person. Like, dude, don't, no. Yeah. You're definitely not a normal person. But you, you kept the logs. Like, let's not pretend that you were like, oops, I did that and now I'm moving on. That's the thing. Like you were saying enough to Yeah. Make sure you didn't get caught for a long time. The fact that you were using aliases tells me everything I need to know. You made a new identity so you wouldn't get caught. Right. Which means you understand the law. You can't claim to be insane or not understand the consequences of your actions now.


Yep. Exactly. That fucked you. Yep. On May 6th, he appeared in Superior court of Los Angeles where he pleaded guilty to the murder of Nina Delony. Four days later he was back in Superior Court where Judge Frank Willis handed down a life sentence to be served at San Quentin Prison. He was like math. He said, your crimes as recorded in this court are the most heinous in the annals of criminal. Juris puts. And he told Watson though he acknowledged that he does think he was mentally ill. He believed that the district attorney had made the right decision in offering a plea deal. He was like, you do not belong in a hospital. Yeah, I agree. I think you are men. And he was kinda saying what we were, I think you're mentally ill, but you knew what you're doing. But you're saying on May 18th he arrived at San Quentin to begin serving his sentence.


And that's a rough prison. Yeah. And luck. They're jamesie poop. Yeah. So for months, the story of James Watson dominated newspapers across the country, but when he entered prison in May, most people were assuming it was just gonna kind of come to a stop. And for the most part it did. But at San Quentin, the guards and other inmates were baffled by this man. They were like, I'm sure this is the guy who wooed more than 20 up to 40 women. This gnome looking motherfucker. Like what? This gnome looking motherfucker. San Quentin warden James Johnson told a reporter in 1946, I had to turn away a number of women who had no legitimate reason for calling but faked excuses in the hopes of getting a chance to see him.


Which ladies, I have to say, let's get it together please. Let's make a collective promise to each other to get it the fuck together. What are we doing here? What movie? What are we doing here? Did y'all watch it ladies? He's killing wives. He's killing wives and taking their money. Or he is just straight up abandoning them after robbing them blind. And you're like, the fuck, do you wanna see this man? You know what, you know what It is. It's the I I can fix, fix him mentality. No one can fix this, man. You can't do it. He hates women and is it worth it? No. Queen, fix yourself. No. He was a G known like motherfucker. He is. No, no, no. But while in prison, he took up writing and tried to get his poetry published and papers around the country.


Oh, just what? We need a tortured man's poetry. No one was interested in it. Yeah. Good. So he didn't get it published. He did find another way to keep himself in the limelight though. Beginning in 1925, he began a correspondence with Los Angeles journalist Wycliffe Hill, and he convinced that reporter that he'd hidden his treasure of more than $50,000 somewhere in Los Angeles. I'm so sure. Over the course of five years, the newspaper hill worked for, published a series of stories that sent the public running all over California deserts, digging, doing, guys, what are digging you doing? Digging around for the treasure. Whatcha doing? What are you doing? Believing this guy? Yeah. He duped countless women and you are all running around looking for his treasure. Well, and also his treasure is stolen from murdered women.


You walk. So if you find that treasure, you're gonna feel good about putting that in your goddamn bank account. Hello? Like what are you doing that he literally stole that. That's stolen money. This is a Wendy's Eventually. It really is a we at this point, ma'am, this is a Wendy's. This is a Wendy's. Eventually it came to light that the paper had agreed to pay Hill $20,000 for the story. And the series came to an end with most believing the story about the money was like most things about James Watson. A motherfucking lie. Yep. An article in the Los Angeles Times Denounced Hill and the newspaper for having duped the public writing. Incidentally, Watson is very proud of the way in which he trapped those. He now considers his own enemies.


So he did that just for fun. Of course he did. He all fell for it. And that's the thing, it's like he's sitting behind bars just lolling. Yeah. You can't let him have that power back there. Fucking Noman and Lawin. Ugh. In 1930, hill sued Watson for $25,000 for causing him to waste five years of his life on wild goose chases. Well, you're stupid for doing that. Then. Watson Countersued for $50,000 in damages alleging hill defamed him. You are in prison. And in 1932, a judge threw both the cases out and told both of them they would have to wait until Watson was freed from prison to pursue their bullshit cases. That's the other thing. I'm like, what the fuck are you gonna do with the money in prison? He was like, stop wasting my goddamn time. You idiots. Yeah. He was like, I got better shit to do. Fuck all in his, in his life at San Quentin, James Watson became a model prisoner because what the fuck else is he gonna do?


He's a g no like motherfucker. And even became an assistant to the chief medical officer at the prison Who allowed that? Not I, in 1939, he died bye of pneumonia at age 69. Right. So pretty early rest in distress and was buried in San Quentin's Boot Hill Cemetery in a grave marked only with his motherfucking prisoner number. Loves it. See you later, James. Motherfucking Watson. What a wild gnome like motherfucker. It's truly wild. I'm never gnome like motherfucker. I'm never moving on from the gnome of it all. He's a gnome like motherfucker who fuck that guy. Truly a gnome like woman hating motherfucker. And fuck all, honestly, screw all the women that were like, I'm gonna marry him while he's in birthday.


I'm gonna call him suck and try to view him like, you guys suck too. We don't claim you and his parents suck. Yeah. Everybody, everybody sucks except Catherine. Fuck him and all the women that he married. Yeah. Damn. Fuck that guy. What? Shout out to Catherine though. One Catherine girl unravels this motherfucker's entire years long scheme. She said, not on my watch. She said, I don't think so. I don't think so. I do not think so. One, you're definitely not gonna cheat on me. And two, here's all the documents that I can provide to the fucking investigators to take your ass down. And three, what the fuck is in your satchel? Yeah. What's in that goddamn satchel? And she found out. Yeah, she fucked around and she found out. Did. But it, it worked out. But she saved lives. She did. She literally did.


Catherine saved more lives. I love it. Yeah. I love, I love a woman coming out on top. Hell yeah. Well, and you know what? Good, good on all these, I will say good on all these investigative agencies that worked together. Yes. Because that could have, that could have been a big cluster fuck shit show. Yeah. Absolute shit show. We probably never would've had this story had it gone the other way. No, it's true and crazy. I had never heard of this before.


Yeah. Until Audible was like, Hey, check out this, this title. And you said, fuck. All right. And I said, wow, that sounds absolutely thrilling. Okay, audible. Okay. So yeah, you will catch us and our special guest Outside. Outside. How about that? Or on the next episode where we discuss the title. Yeah. So check out Bluebeard on Audible and we will see.


It's a bonus. It's a bonus. It's bonus episode. Don't. It's not a you'll still be so don't worry. In your one. Yeah. So yeah, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Weird but not so weird that you travel the nation duping women everywhere. What are you that guy from Sister Wives with the crunchy hair? I'm trying to be an HHS Homes motherfucker. But you're a known like motherfucker. Yeah. What's that guy's name from? Sister Wives Cody. Cody. Cody with the Crunch Hair, don't be him. Ugh.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


A few miles from the glass spires of Midtown Atlanta lies the South River Forest. In 2021 and 2022, the woods became a home to activists from all over the country who gathered to stop the nearby construction of a massive new police training facility. Nicknamed Cop City. At approximately nine o'clock this morning as law enforcement was moving through various sectors of the property, an individual without warning shot a Georgia State Patrol Trooper. This is, we came to the forest, a story about resistance. The abolitionist Mission isn't done until every prison is empty and shut down. Love and fellowship. It Was probably the happiest I've ever Been in my life. And the lengths will go to protect the things we hold closest to our hearts follow. We came to the forest on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of. We came to the forest early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.