
Hey, weirdos. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad-free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us if you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast. Have you ever grown tired of searching for your favorite movies and TV shows across numerous streaming accounts? It's so frustrating to have all your favorite shows live across multiple logins and apps. I'm like trying to watch one show. I'm like, wait, what's my login here on Prime video, though? You can add over 100 subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime video account with one login and one password. There's a hundred more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports, all in one app.


Super duper easy to not have to log in to, like 45 different streaming services. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


Raise your hand if you want your nails to look perfect all the time. Me too. I'm Sarah Gibson Tuttle from Olive June. And this is exactly why we created the Manny system. We wanted to make it possible for everyone everywhere to give themselves a beautiful manicure at home with our tools and our long lasting polish. Each manicure with our Manny system comes out to just $2. That's right, $2 no more. 30, 40, $50 Manny's that you get at a salon. And they take hours. Now, you can paint your nails on your time and love them more than ever. And by the way, when people ask who did your nails, where did you get them done, you're gonna proudly say, I did them myself. Get 20% off your first Manny system with code Fresh Manny 20 at olive june.com/fresh. Manny 20. That's code fresh Manny, 20 for 20% off@oliverjune.com slash fresh. Manny 20.


Wait, guys, serious question. Did you get your invite to our next Weirdos audio book club? No. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. Well consider yourself invited this time, you guys. We are covering the audible title Blue Beard, a suspenseful radio style dramatization of true life events leading to the capture of infamous, the infamous Bluebeard Watson, who conned and killed countless women in the early 19 hundreds. Join us and a special guest on Friday, the 13th of December. While we talk about this title, join the conversation on Instagram Friday, December 13th. Weirdos Audio Book Club.


Hey, weirdos, I'm Alina. I'm Ash, and this is Morbid. Hey there, brothers. It's also Morbid with a little bit of ambiance because it's lightly raining, which we, I know I've, I'm an elderly person when I say this, but my goodness, we needed it. No, we did. My God. Wait, isn't there a song about like needing the rains? I miss, I I miss you. Like the desert misses the rain.


Yes. You knew exactly what I was talking about And I miss you. Like the Desert. Desert. Miss Miss The Rain. The rain. Is that J-Lo? No, sorry. No. Like the deserts miss the hold on. Oh, And it goes exactly. I feel like I can picture that music video in my head right now. I think the J-Lo one that I was thinking of was like everything but the Girl Hmm. Is who released that? Yeah. Sometimes songs get jumbled in my head. You guys remember it's happened before.


Damn. It's a That's a bop though. That is a bop. That is a bop. I'm gonna listen to that on the way home And I should, I'm gonna listen to the J-Lo song. I'll listen to one of those. I don't like J-Lo. Well, yeah, no, I don't like her as a person. I don't, no, I don't like her songs. Oh. Either. So there's really nothing there for me. Wait, you don't, like, don't Be Fool by The Rock iga? No. You don't like that song? I do not. What the fuck? I remember I, I, it was on like TRL when I was, you know, for the TRL days. Wait, And I remember that. But it was never, don't lemme see how old I was when that song came out, because I feel like I remember bopping hard to that I like oftentimes I don't always, but the things I've seen her And I like J-Lo The Actress.


Yeah. Like The Cell. The Cell is such a film. Oh, we gotta cover that on screen. Oh, I was like, the fuck am I doing Song Came Out The Cell. I've Never Seen The Cell is a Wild movie. See, I like Monster in-Law. I haven't seen that. Is that what that one's called? Is that Mikey Say Yes? Yeah. I trust in Mikey. We Trust. I haven't seen that one. You haven't seen Monster in-Law? No. That's a fun one. I've seen her in the Cell. What else have I seen her in? I'm sure I've seen her in other things. Jane Fonda's in Monster in-Law and Jane Fonda is everything. Yeah, I haven't seen that. Yeah.


I'm trying to think of other J-Lo things. J-Lo I'm sure there's many that I'm missing right now that people are screaming And I'm like, what? A lot of them are rom-coms, so it makes sense that you can't think of them. Yeah, because I, I like a rom-com every once in a while. Yeah. It just has to be a very specific one. Yeah. I've, those are all like the early TS ones and those ones are always fun. Those are great. Yeah. Yeah. What a random intro. Very, we didn't plan to talk about any of that. No, but it just happened. We went from the deserts missing the rain to J-Lo. Yes. Hello, hello. Hello. You know what a random intro for a random episode. Tell me everything because this episode, so this is about The Mad Trapper of Rat River.


You couldn't even finish that. The Mad Trapper of Rat River. Yes. I think I come from the Rat River. I'm from the Rat River. I, I feel like, no, this is a wild and random and very different tale, I would say, than we normally cover. Okay. But it's one that unfortunately people die during this. Like this is, there's, this is not without death. Not without murder. Yeah. Not without mystery. Oh, I love mystery at the, at the end of this, there is still a mystery that's involved with it. Okay. To this day. Unsolved. It's unsolved. But you think you know the answer. There's a theory and like it's a pretty good one, but Okay. It's still, there's still mis mysterious elements to this, which makes it very interesting to talk about.


Makes me think of your kids when they were like the quack of mysteries. The quack of mysteries. There's mysteries in there. The cave of Mr. We the cave. Cave of Blanche. Oh, that Blanche is like, wait, I have something to say. He said, Mr. So basically this is, his name was, And I should say in air quotes, Albert Johnson, but it wasn't because we don't know his real name. Oh, and Alias, that is the name that, that people know him as. Okay. Like you said, an alias. This is a, this is a manhunt that was so wild and so long and so scary and so iconic that it honestly doesn't sound real. I can't believe I've never heard of this. It's a crazy one.


So let's go back to when this all began. Canada, like the United States like, you know, like, like down here was hit really hard by the economic and social effects of the Great Depression. Oh yeah. It was, it was a widespread issue, obviously. It wasn't just like in certain parts feeling it. Yeah. You know, there was a ton of droughts which wreaked havoc on the agricultural industry and that caused a ripple effect that by 1930 had put as much as 30 as 30% of the workforce out of a job. Wow. And that's huge. Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah. The economic shock and the hardships of the depression was really, really like specifically hard on the residents of the more rural and remote parts of the country.


Because they were lacking, you know, like the social welfare structure that a lot of people in urban areas and more like well-populated areas were really relying on. Yeah. And many of these people were self-sufficient and instead of taking any kind of charity or anything like that, they chose to seek out alternative means of employment in the small towns and villages. And you know, like military outposts in Canada, in the north and west. And in the summer of 1931, at the absolute peak of the Depression, a man calling himself Albert Johnson arrived in Fort McPherson, which was a small, a remote village in the Northwest Territories about 650 miles from the nearest cities of White Horse in Dawson City.


So very remote at that time. It wasn't super unusual for like random strangers to wander into Fort Mc McPherson. It was usually they were like either on their way to, or coming from the more remote parts of the area. Okay. So it was kind of like a pass through. Yeah. In those cases it was the practice of the local RCMP agents to briefly question these people. The random people coming through. Because like as journalist Barbara Roden put it, they basically wanted to ascertain their plans and try to ensure that the person was equipped for life in the rugged north. This was obviously about that person's safety. Yeah. They didn't want them wandering out into the mountains and just like ing goodbye.


Right. But it was also about resources because if somebody inexperienced was going out there to trap or hunt and they got stuck and needed help, it's gonna cost a lot. It was a lot of effort. And the RCMP, you know, they didn't wanna have to expend all those extra resources that they really didn't have at their disposal at that time. I get that, that on somebody who shouldn't have been out there in the first place. Yeah. You know, it makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah. On July 21st, 1931, the day that Albert Johnson got to town, the task of questioning the man fell to Constable Edgar Millen, remember that name? He's gonna come up later writing it down. He was one of just three RCMP officers stationed in the area and Millen found him, you know, Albert Johnson purchasing supplies in the general store.


And Johnson told the Mounty that he had come into the Arctic through the Mackenzie River system. He had all, obviously at this point he had been a made aware of Albert Johnson's presence from some of the local native trappers in the area. And basically the, the native trappers were saying that they believed this man was like fucking with their traps. Oh no. Essentially like, and they had like described him and everything. So Millen knew Johnson was lying to him about where he'd been because he was like, I know you've been fucking with those traps. Yeah. So I know you're not just coming in from the McKenzie River system, but he was kind of accustomed to dealing with people like this. So, you know, and apparently trappers and fishermen kind of like guard their territories pretty closely 'cause they don't wanna avoid competition.


So it's all like a little bit of a game here. Yeah. Of secrecy and all that. Right. And honestly to Millon, it didn't really matter where Johnson had come from as much as where he was planning to go. He was like, what? He's like, like, you going into my territory? Yeah. Or nah, like what are you doing from the look of things, Albert Johnson was a skilled trapper and he honestly wasn't gonna need, And it didn't seem like he was really even gonna accept any assistance from the RCMP. So Millen didn't really press the whole thing. He was like, I'm pretty pretty sure he'll just go out there and we'll never see him again. Yeah. And he's like, that's ideal. And Johnson was giving like super short, very curt answers to him. And he wasn't making a lot of eye contact. He was making it very clear to Millon that like, I'm an isolated person, I live an isolated life.


I would like to keep it that way. Leave me alone kind of thing. He said, leave me alone. Yeah. Alone. So Millon was like cool. So before leaving the store, he kinda left it alone, but Constable Millon told Johnson, fine, whatever, whatever you're doing, I don't give a shit. But he was like, if you're planning to do any trapping in the area, you do need to obtain a license. Yeah. And you need to know that. But Johnson was just like, whatever. Now a week later, Johnson was back at the general store and he purchased a 12 foot canoe and some other, a ton of other supplies. And the clerk behind the counter was like, Hey, you might want an outboard motor for this boat. And I guess Johnson flexed his arms and said, no, these are good enough for me. Oh no. So he's like an OG Chad.


Yeah. He said, welcome to the gun show baby. This is all I need. But you know what's crazy? He was kind of right. He wasn't really like over, over overzealous. Yeah. He wasn't, he wasn't exaggerating his ability at all. Alright. Like, this is, well, you know what, still though good for him then doesn't, doesn't come off great. Yeah. We love a humble king. We love a humble king. Now, after getting all the supplies, Johnson headed out to the canoe and began paddling downstream in the direction of the Rat River. Now he spent the rest of the summer and fall building a small eight by 12 cabin on a plot of land that he had staked out for himself about 70 miles from Arctic Red River.


And that's the Arctic Red River is where Millen and the other two RCMP officers were stationed out there. Okay. So he was either building that cabin and if he wasn't building the cabin, he was hunting and building up his food storage for the winter season. He also spent a lot of time surveying the area. He was getting to know where he was. And during this time he definitely learned where the trap lines were for local trap trappers, where like, like I said, they're very like territorial about their trap lines. Yeah. That's like where they set their traps. So he made a point of learning that he would know where those were. So it's not like he like accidentally stumbled upon their traps and like fucked them up like he knew.


Yeah. He was like looking out for that. Okay. Specifically William Vi, And I hope I say everybody's name right. William Requa, Jacob Dry Meat, and William Risu, which were all members of the local Lu Show tribe. And I hope I said that right. I looked it up several places. Lu Show Tribe. Okay. Edgar Millon hadn't thought about Albert Johnson since he had left Fort McPherson in early, like the early in the summer when he had met him in the general store. Right. So he wasn't even thinking about him. Especially when Neri Sue showed up at Arctic Red River trading posts on Christmas day to report that Johnson had been fucking with their traps. Oh, come on dude. So initially he was like, what?


Like, I don't know who that is. Now. According to Neri, Sue Johnson had encroached on their trap lines and in recent weeks he had been springing the traps and hanging them from tree branches. Oh. So he, he was really fucking with them. Yeah. He's being like deliberate about this. And he was also making it very obvious that his interference with these traps were wasn't an accident. Right. Like he could have said before it was an accident and nobody could really prove otherwise. Yeah. He's hanging them from a tree. Like he's being very obvious about it. So then Millen was like, oh shit, I do remember this guy. I remember that interaction I had with him. And he remembered that he also hadn't purchased a trapping license before leaving Fort McPherson. Oh. Like he had told him to.


And he, he was like, and I'm pretty sure he probably didn't get one anywhere else. So not only was his interference a matter that was going to be taken seriously by the RCMP, but now he was also poaching and that was going to be a problem for 'em. Yeah. So the next day, Millen directed constables Alfred King and Joe Bernard to travel more than 60 miles out to Johnson's Cabin.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I freaking and love the holidays. I love decorating my house, putting on a little holiday movie and just getting super, super cozy. You know, for some wrapping up in a blanket with a mug of hot chocolate or watching those movies with the family is the best way to spend the month of December. But guess what? Therapy is also a great way to bring yourself some comfort that never goes away, even when the season changes. I absolutely love therapy if you know me, You know that. And I think everybody should do therapy. It would just benefit us all so much. And let me tell you, especially this time of year, you're dealing with a lot of family that maybe you're not usually used to dealing with. There's a lot of things that pop up this time of year. So if you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And guess what? All you gotta do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Morbid.


If you ever worry about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act right now. SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal. For our listeners, get 50% off a new SimpliSafe security system. SimpliSafe is the home security that I personally trust. I've been using it for years And I really just love the peace of mind that it brings. Knowing my home is protected 24 7, get 50% off today by just visiting simplisafe.com/ Morbid. This is your last chance to protect your home at Simis safe's lowest prices of the year. I love, love, love SimpliSafe. I love that I can connect to my camera super quickly. I love that. If I forget to arm my system, I can do it from the app. I can check in while I'm on vacation and know that everything is just like going swell and dandy. SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal for my listeners. This week only you can get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is your last chance to claim their best offer of the year. Head to simplisafe.com/ Morbid. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


And talked to him about what was going on. He's got some accusations now. Yeah. The two officers traveled by dog sled and arrived a little past 10:00 AM on December 27th. And when they reached the cabin, they noticed that there was smoke coming from the chimney and there were snowshoes propped up by the door. So it seems like somebody's home. He's home because he also, he literally couldn't have traveled far without those snowshoes. Right. So they knew he was either home in there or he's like right there. Yeah. Like they literally came from by dog sled. So that makes sense. Exactly. So King knocked loudly on the door and announced that they were there, but no one replied. Despite getting no response. The constables knew he was home and they definitely knew they, he heard them knock.


Yeah. So at one point he had even watched them through the window and they saw him. They're like, Hey, it's you we're looking for, they were like, hi. And he saw that they saw him and he just closed the curtains. And that was, that's moderately iconic. Now after spending an hour trying to convince Albert Johnson to open the door and they still got no response, the officers had to give up and walk back to their sleds and they didn't have any way of contacting Millen to tell him what was going on. And that they had made this trip for nothing, for no reason. So King and Bernard decided to travel this shorter distance to the RCMP headquarters at, I hope I'm gonna say this Avic, I looked that up many places as well, Vic.


Okay. Where they could obtain a search warrant for the cabin and then they could come back the next day with more officers. Oh, that's smart. They were trying to do it on the up and up. Yeah. And trying not to like waste too many resources it seems. Yeah. Like let's just get this done and take too many trips. You know? Yeah. They could have never predicted how this would go. I'm so, I'm like, what's gonna happen? You can't, it's bonkers also, first I, I'm just picturing him for an hour. Like Yeah. You know when somebody's at like, you know when somebody's at your door, like they're gonna sell you something and you're like, oh, you're waiting. Not leave waiting for the door. What do you do for an hour? That's at and in a cabin? Yeah. And like a tiny like Yeah. What'd you say? Like eight by 12 cabin. Do you have a good book in there? You gotta, damn.


Now early in the morning on December 30th after obtaining their search warrant, king and Bernard left AVIC for Johnson's cabin. This time they added more RCMP constables. They added rg McDowell and Lazarus. I hope I say this again. Some of these names are really tough. C Kinley. Okay. Lazarus is a sick name. It's true. It is. The four reached the cabin around noon on December 31st. And they went to the door, knocked, announced they were there again. Smoke was coming from the chimney. So they knew he was inside ignoring them. So King shouted that they had a warrant to search the premises and if Johnson didn't open the door, they were gonna force it in and enter anyway.


'cause they had the warrant. Yeah. So they approached the door and they were coming from a side angle and King reached out to knock again and seconds later a loud shot rang out. Oh no. And splinters shot in every direction from the door. And Johnson had shot a shotgun blast out the front door And it hit King in the chest. Oh God. And it knocked him off the porch into the snow. And McDowell and Johnson ended up like returning fire with each other with pistols. Right. And attempting to keep King down long enough so they could get him off to the riverbank out of the line of fire because he had just fallen back into the snow.


Yeah. So they're like, we we're not trying to get you shot again. Exactly. But they, but it, it was like crazy of like gunfight of course ensued like barely missed McDowell at one point. Like it was gnarly. Damn. And the constables did manage to get back to the sleds at the riverbanks where they loaded king onto one of the sleds and like fled out of there King was bleeding like super badly shotgun blast to the chest. Yeah. Like close range too. And they needed now to get back to a claw to save his life. That's where the doctors were. And that sounds like it's not like a, a short distance. They were 80 miles from where that is. Holy shit. And the temperature was almost 40 below zero. Oh my God. And when they factored in the what?


It could drop as low as 90 below zero. Sorry. Where are we? We're in Canada. Holy shit. That's cold. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. So the, going back to Aklavik from this place, it would take a skilled outdoorsman with all of the things he needs. Two days. Yeah. That makes sense. Conditions. And that was like in, you know, ideal conditions. Conditions were not ideal here. No. Like not ideal. Anything but ideal. Quite the opposite. Their sled dogs were already exhausted from getting to the cabin the first trip. Right. And strong winds and snow drifts had covered all the tracks that they had laid on the way there. So they would have to run through fresh, dense snow to get back.


Oh my God. And despite that McDowell drove the dogs like as hard as he possibly could just to save this man's life. And they managed to get to a cvic in 24 hours. Holy shit. Took off. Remember the cut off? It takes a whole day off. Skilled outdoorsman. Two days. Damn. In ideal conditions, is this like a legend? Yes. Is this folklore? You would think It is. That's the thing. Oh my God. I mean you cannot understate how fast this was and how unbelievable and incredible It is. In 1931, the northern territories were so remote and the route they traveled was like this winding crazy trail too. And it went over like steep banks and across frozen terrain.


I mean they were hitting every kind of terrain on the way there. Yeah. It's not like it was this straight shot, like down a hill or something. Like up a hill. Down a hill around the trees. Yeah. Like winding everywhere in under any circumstances the windshield would be the biggest challenge. Yeah. Because windshield is gnarly. Yeah. According to author Dick North quote, even with a parka fluid from a running nose freezes in a man's nostrils. Oh. And an ice film will collect on his eyelids. Oh. Imagine how uncomfortable that would and painful. Yeah. And you're flying through it like at high speeds. You must just be like blinking nonstop. Oh yeah. It so apparently in order to stop frostbite from happening, they all, so there was four men Sure.


On the way with King. All of them took turns rubbing king's face to keep him warm. Wow. To prevent frostbite. So they would all just be like rubbing his face and this man has been shot in the chest by a shotgun and he was alive when they got there the next day. Yeah. Holy shit. I wonder if those conditions helped keep him alive somehow. No. You wonder if it helped somehow they immediately, when they got there, rushed him to the hospital and he was taken into surgery by the resident doctor Ja Erhart. Hey. Which immediately I have like, we have like ancestry that like went over to Nova Scotia in Canada. So I'm like, am I related? You could bell update you. I'm gonna look at my shit. Damn well I'm gonna have John take a looksie, a looksie.


But I was like, oh my God, that's my last name. I never see it in any of these. I know. But the bullet had entered through the upper left side of King's chest and exited through the right and had missed all vital organs. Wow. Like miraculously. I just think of that. Bring it on thing. You've been touched by an angel girl. You've been touched by an angel girl. That's crazy. No. Yeah. Well he recovered in the infirmary. The other three returned to RCMP headquarters to report what the fuck had just happened at that cabin. Yeah. Now in Avic inspector Alexander Ames had 11 RCMP officers under his command. And he had three additional constables where they just were at the Arctic Red River outpost.


That's where they initially were. Ames selected his nine most experienced officers to go back to the cabin and then sent word to Red River instructing Millon and his two constables to meet them at the mouth of the Rat River. Okay. 'cause Millen was from the beginning, remember? Yep. And he was one of those three that was at the Red River. Yep. Now the men set out for the cabin early in the morning on January 4th, 1932. And they made camp about eight miles from the cabin. Their plan was to ambush Johnson and take him in with no shots fired. They didn't want That's ideal. Want all this shit. That's the next morning. Two officers were sent ahead of the others to scout the cabin. They found smoke coming from the chimney. So he's home.


So they made camp a little closer and then the whole team met up shortly before noon on January 9th. Once they got to the cabin, they spread out and surrounded the house. While aim shouted for Johnson to come out, he shouted to him King was still alive. So at the very least you will not be charged with murder. Okay. And there is still time to resolve this matter without trouble. Okay. So he is really trying to talk him down like nobody I know you're probably freaking out 'cause you shot someone in the chest with a shotgun. Right. A literal man of the law. Yeah. Like out in the wilderness. Have no fear. We can talk about it, but like you didn't murder him. So there's that. Why don't you come out? Yeah. But no reply.


So instead they were greeted with gunfire from inside the cabin again kicking off what would be an 18 hour siege at the cabin. I'm sorry, what? 18 hours. How did it take that long? How did they have that much gunfire? It's an wild. So initially the officers tried to get close to the cabin trying basically assuming if they could get inside they could take Johnson down. Yeah, that makes sense. Stop the whole thing. Right. But anytime they would get close to the small front door, they would have to push back because it was endless gunfire. Right. And it was coming not from the windows, but from holes that Johnson had drilled near the floor in anticipation of them coming back.


That's on another level. Yeah. This man is not well no. In fact the angle where the gunfire was coming at them was like so perplexing to them. 'cause they were like, where the fuck is this coming? It sounds, it feels like it's coming outta the ground. Yeah. Like what is going on? Seems like it was, and they only learned it later when they were able to search this place that he had dug a trench, a deep trench motherfucker had a trench and was motherfucker is in the trenches. He's in the trenches in his cabin where he's drilled holes into like near the floor where he can shoot from. What the fuck? And he is in the trench firing at them from his position near the floor. And from that position, it was impossible for the RCMP officers to hit Johnson.


'cause they couldn't get close enough to the inside. Right. And shooting through the windows from their position was pointless. They were just shooting. Yeah. They're not getting him through the fucking cabin. He's in the trenches now. Given their location, the gunfire wasn't the only problem that they were facing at 45 below zero. They were having to continuously move just to avoid frostbite. Right. They couldn't stay in one position or they'd fucking freeze. Yeah. And to make matters worse, they didn't know they were gonna be involved in an 18 hour standoff tonight. So they weren't prepared. So they didn't pack enough food to sustain themselves or the dogs for a long period of time. No. At the riverbank they built fires and officers were rotating between watching the cabin and warming themselves by the fire.


And this kept the frostbite from happening. But it didn't solve the other problems. And Ames knew he had to come up with a plan quick or they were gonna have to go back to Avic and maybe risk losing Johnson. Yeah. So when the sun started to set and the temperatures really started to drop even lower, Ames ordered the men to retrieve the dynamite from the sleds and begin warming it in their coats. The dynamite. When it was warm enough to use Constable Newt Lang volunteered to toss the explosives into the room. I'm, which I like, you know, he was like me. He was like, I'll do it. I love that they didn't bring enough food for this ordeal, but they did. They bought dynamite. Bring dynamite just in case. When midnight came and all the flares had gone out, Lang approached the cabin quietly and the other officers distracted Johnson by continuously like, like shooting, answering the gunfire essentially.


And he lit the stacks of gun dynamite and tossed them onto the roof. The explosion blew a big hole in the roof, sending the chimney, flying in all directions, no more fire. And then the chaos of the explosion laying burst through the front door and found himself face to face with Albert Johnson. That must have been horrifying. But according to North, for who I mentioned above, and we will link in the show notes for some unexplained reason, the constable froze and failed to shoot him. What? And in that moment, Johnson regained his composure and began firing a pistol in one hand and a saw off shotgun in the other. So laying stumbled back out of the cabin and went running back to the riverbank Lang Lang Lang.


That's what I said. Like what happened there? Shoot him. You threw the dynamite. You couldn't finish it off. Come on. But the RCMP agents held out until the next morning, January 10th. And that's when Inspector Ames decided to make one last attempt at getting him the fuck outta that cabin. Ames gathered the remaining four pounds of dynamite, bundled it together, lit the fuels fuse and hurled the explosives at the cabin. The explosion ripped the roof clear off the structure and caved several parts of the walls in. Oh my gosh. So basically the entire cabin came down. Yeah. On Johnson


Audible's, best of 2024 picks are here. Discover this year's top audio books, podcast, and originals all in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. From romance and wellbeing to fiction, audible's, carefully curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's Best of the year in audio entertainment. Like an almost unbelievably star-studded production of George Orwell's 1984, which both honors and reinvigorates the terrifying classic. It's one of the best original dramatizations that we have ever heard. Or romance that hits the spot. Like Emily Henry's funny story, heartfelt memoirs like Supreme Court, justice Keji, brown Jackson's Lovely one. Listen to the year's best fiction like the Women by Kristin Hanna and pers of all Everett's brilliantly subversive James. Right now we're listening to Blue Beard, which is absolutely incredible. Totally recommend it and stay tuned because we will be featuring it on the Weirdos Audio Book Club Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/ Morbid and discover all the years best waiting for you from big events to the silly moments that you capture every day.


Doesn't it sometimes feel like all your favorite photos are just stuck on your camera roll?


Wouldn't it be great to have an easy way to share and enjoy them with friends and family? Well that's where Aura comes in, named the number one digital photo frame by Wirecutter Aura makes it effortless to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone. So your favorite memories are always within view. Plus you can personalize and preload an aura frame for a truly special unforgettable gift. We actually got one for Elena's mother-in-law a couple years ago and it's so fun actually being, first of all, being able to send her those photos. Like as a little surprise, they just pop up on her frame and she's like, oh my God. A new one. And it's really fun when we go over there to sit around and look back on all the years memories and all the photos that would just be stuck in our camera roll. But now we can all enjoy and laugh and talk about save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off aura's bestselling carver map frames by using promo code Morbid at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Morbid. This deal is exclusive to listeners. So get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply.


So they were like, cool, we'll catch him off guard. 'cause this whole place just blew up. So this should work. This shifted. I have a feeling this will do the trick. Yeah. Ames and one of the other constables, Carl Garland rushed in and they had flashlights in their hands and they were basically expecting to find him unconscious at the very least, you know? But when they pulled away the front door, Johnson was not only alert in a like with it, but he shot them, but he fired at them with his pistol. We know. And he shot the flashlight outta garland's hands. What? Who? How did we just pop off like this? I don't know this what this man's Mo is at all. All I know is he's just going crazy. He's going bonkers. Yeah.


Balls to the wall. So this was clearly unexpected this attack. Yeah. So it drove them both back to the riverbank where they had no choice but to load the sleds and get the fuck outta there and go back to a cvic. What? Because they're like, we, we've blown him up twice and he's still shooting like what is going on motherfucker, Michael. Literally. But back at the RCMP headquarters, the teams regrouped and were like, we need a new strategy for getting Michael Myers out of this house. What would it be like? All you could do is literally light it on fire. Yes. Several of the officers wanted to go back and fire bomb the cabin. Yeah. They were like, let's just literally fire bomb this thing. But Ames wanted to take him alive. He was like, I did not wanna count him.


I mean, I could see why on January 15th he sent the constables Garland and Millen back to the mouth of the Rat River to keep an eye on the cabin. But by the time they got there, Johnson had cleared out and was on the run. Well that makes sense too. I'm like, guys, you blew the roof off his place. He can't stay there Very can't stay very long. But by then also the news of King being shot and the siege at the cabin was already national news. And this is all just over traps. Yeah. Just that he would've just got like a fine or something like, it's like, holy shit. He said he murdered a or tried to kill a cop. Yeah. So this is national news. Journalists are reporting all of these antics of Albert Johnson, you and they started calling him The Mad Trapper of Rat River.


Whoever came up with that, hats off to them. Honestly. A A rave. The Mad Trapper of Rat River. River motherfucker Rat. Now, while the rest of the team were strategizing back at RCMP headquarters, Garland and Milland were cautiously approaching the cabin to search it for things. Okay. You know, they wanted to find any clues, any plans he might have had. Right. And the cabin had been like obliterate essentially. I mean yeah, we just heard. But according to Garland, the agents found it hard to believe their adversary had survived the last dynamite blast. Oh. And it like, they thought he died. They were like, maybe he like was in shock or something when we saw him and he pop popped up with fucking two guns. But it's like Billy Loomis out in these streets.


Yeah. Truly. But honestly there was, he wasn't there. Yeah. And there was little of value in the cabin. They did find a lot of like a concealed load of supplies hidden high in the trees nearby. Which was a testament really to like his outdoor skills. Yeah. He had hid tons of shit in the trees. She's got shit in the trees. He's wild. This is Wiley. The constables also discovered Johnson's canoe still tied up at the river edge. So that meant that he had fled into the wilderness on foot. Foot on foot. Yeah. Now in January 16th, the search team departed Aklavik in Aklavik in the direction of the cabin. And this time they were well prepared for what they knew could be a very extended search on very rough terrain among other things they had with them a two-way radio that would let them communicate quickly and communicate.


I, I just said, I'm so happy you went there. What the fuck? 'cause I was like, you can't skip over that because I was going to say quickly communicate quickly. Communicate quickly. And I was like, communicate quickly. Wow. I loved that. This would help them communicate very quickly and easily with headquarters. You know, if they need an emergency assistance. Because now we don't know what this dude is capable of in these streets. Oh, I'm surprised anybody was even willing to go out at this point. Yeah. I'd be like, fuck that up. Like, you know what I'm, I think I'm gonna put my two weeks in. Yeah. And actually, I mean my one day, here you go, I'm gonna try baking. Like I don't wanna do this. Yeah. Now at the same time, warnings were going out to everyone living in and around cvic alerting them to any of the potential risks. Yeah. We don't know what the dude is capable of. He was shooting everybody.


Well and he's eventually gonna need more supplies. Yeah. Too. Exactly. So break in now as a result, many of the people living in the more isolated areas chose to stay in Avic while Johnson was captured. Oh, okay. Now for nearly two weeks, the team of RCMP officers just scoured the area around the cabin looking for any signs of Johnson. Any evidence of where he might have gone Two weeks they were looking for him. Damn. Unfortunately it was so bitterly cold and the wind and Sub-Zero temperatures were making it so difficult to search for like long periods of time. And then there was recent snowfall and heavy drifts that were covering any tracks that he could have left. Right. So it was like perfect for him.


But In late January, Ames and his team received a report of gunshots near Bear River, thinking it might be Johnson hunting for food. Ames sent Millon and three other men ahead to scout the area with a plan for them all to meet up together after this if they found evidence of him being around. Okay. When they arrived, Millon spoke to several members of the local tribe who told him that they believed the man suspected b Johnson had holed up in a remote cabin nearby because they said he could not have crossed over the hills under the current weather conditions. I don't know. I think he did. I was gonna say, I think he crossed them hills. One of the things they learned after this was maybe don't underestimate Albert Johnson.


Yeah. 'cause holy shit. Exactly. So with assistance from several native men, the four constables soon found tracks matching those of Johnson's very distinct show snowshoes and followed the trail until they reached an area covered by this like basically it was like an area that was covered by a barricade that was like an natural barricade of trees and boulders and all that stuff. Okay. And there were tracks leading in, but no tracks coming out. So the four constables spread out and approached the entrance very quietly. Yeah. They better have. But without warning, Johnson began firing at them from behind the tree line, pushing them all back. Of course he did. All four opened fire in the general direction from where the shots were coming from.


But there was no return fire after that. So they were like, oh shit, we, we got 'em. Either Inca incapacitated him or killed him. So they waited two hours before going to check the area. 'cause they were that nervous that he was just fucking with them. You know, that everybody on the banks was like, no, you go in. No, you go, you we'll go in man. Wait, we'll just wait a minute. So when they got within about 25 yards of the tree line, one of the constables, no ver Noel ville shouted, watch it. And then dove for cover behind a snowbank as a rifle shot, struck the ground exactly where he had been standing. Oh my God. Literally yelled, watch it dove outta the way And it hit right where he was sitting. Damn.


And two of the other officers also scrambled for cover this like an action movie mill movie. I, it doesn't sound real. No It does not. But Millon stood his ground and dropped to his knee and fired three rounds in Johnson's direction. Damn. Johnson returned fire and hit Millen in the chest. Millen apparently bolted upright and spun around and then fell face down on the ground. Oh. And two other officers provided cover for like cover fire for Carl Gar Garland. I just did like a You literally did. I made the thing and they crawled towards Millan and tied the laces of his boots together and dragged him out of Johnson's line of fire, essentially.


Okay. Why'd they tie his boots together so they could literally pull him by the boots. Oh, okay, okay. Okay. Because otherwise, like he was, he's literally shooting at them. Two officers are providing cover fire while he's literally like trying to drag him outta the way. Yeah. Got it. Then when they were finally in a safe spot, Garland turned Milano and saw that the bullet had torn straight through his heart and had killed him instantly. Oh. So when he bolted upright, he just fell and died immediately. Yeah. And that, that's why I said, remember Millon? I know what a brie fucking dude. Yeah. He was the one, he was like, fuck that. I'm gonna take this guy out. Yeah. Now the remaining officers retreated into the woods away from Johnson's line of sight and they built a lean to, to try to protect Millan's body from animals until they could return.


And then they made their way back to the campsite about a mile away. Okay. The next day, one of them returned to the area to retrieve Constable Millan's body while another returned to a cvic to report about what had happened. Why is this guy so acro? And that's, and they, and they had to tell them that Johnson had escaped again. Now Sergeant Riddle made it back to Vic in a little over 24 hours on January 22nd and reported the death to Ames. And Ames sent out the report across the RCMP wire and the news of Millan's murder in Johnson's third escape. Yeah. Made headlines across North America. A reporter from the New York Times called John sent a two gun hermit.


That's what they referred to as Two Gun Hermit. Well, the press maintained the, like I'm glad, like, like they definitely maintained like a pretty like somber tone when they were talking about the, the murder essentially. But it also made like the fact that he escaped three times and this was his third time escaping. It didn't make the RCMP look good. And they were very open about that in the press. And the longer he remained kinda like on the, on the yam there, on the yam, on the Lamb, on the sweet potato. He was like, the more he was out there and the more he is on the run and the more he's escaping and the more these things get more and more like crazy and, you know, dramatic and all that. Yeah. There was running a risk of him becoming a sort of like anti-hero among the anti-establishment residents across the territories.


It just like, it was starting to turn the story a little bit and it's like, I didn't even think of that. And you don't want that to happen obviously. No. So not wanting to waste any time or for that to happen. Ames radioed for additional assistance, specifically requesting a plane that could scout the area while the RCMP agents and volunteers took to ground searches. In response, they got a small craft piloted by William May who was a member of the Royal Flying Corps and one of the flying ACEs who successfully shot down the notorious Red Baron during World War I. Oh wow. So It is no joke's. Incredible. And May wasn't just a talented and experienced pilot, he was literally like a living legend who'd helped to open up the Northern Territory.


So he was like a big deal. That's incredible. Yeah. Unlike Amess team on the ground, he could cover big like swaths of territory in a short amount of time in the plane and was immediately useful in ruling out the leads that ultimately provided false In the end. Okay. Anybody saying like, I think I saw him, they were able to like wrong, get these out now while May looked for Johnson overhead Amess team was, you know, making their way to the site of Millan's murder on February 5th. But there was no sign of Johnson anymore from what they could tell, he had never emerged following the shootout. Like he had never come back out of that like barricade that he had set up. So you're probably like, then how the fuck wasn't he there?


Yep. Oh, he had climbed the nearly 7,000 foot cliff bitch. Yeah. He, he climbed a nearly 7,000 foot cliff wall to escape by traveling on the hard pack snow above the creek beds. Does anybody else have those relatives that tell like crazy stories? Yes. From like their days of youth and you're like, yeah, grandpa. Like that's cool. That didn't happen though. This guy that feels like this. Like, I'm like, yeah, what this is happening. So I didn't come out of the front. I just climbed a 7,000 foot cliff. That's not right. How is that real? That motherfucker is not real. Yeah, but he is. Yeah. Yep. Like, yep. What? Yep.


Yeah, he basically, he went like, so there was hard pack snow above the creek beds And it allowed him to move quickly and put a lot of distance very quickly between him and whoever was hunting him. Also working. Yeah. Also working to Johnson. Adv Johnson's advantage was the fact that unlike the large group who required supplies and needed to manage, you know, animals that they were using, he was traveling alone. Right. And he seemed to know where he was going. So he didn't, he was just bopping away. See you later. Yeah. By mid-February. Shut up. This ordeal started in J in December, you guys. Yeah.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Whether you forget to take a sip of water during the office holiday party, or you start feeling parched after a long day of traveling or hosting, especially this time of year, keep liquid IV on hand to stay hydrated through those holidays with convenient packets of their hydration multiplier or sugar free hydration multiplier. You get eight vitamins and nutrients, three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drinks and no artificial sweeteners. I am obsessed with Liquid IV and it's super duper easy to travel with because it's just in one little stick. I always keep some in my makeup bag because I always travel with my makeup bag and I'm also always finding them in my purse. So if I ever do find myself parched, I just run to my purse and whip out a liquid IV stick. Also, the flavors that Liquid IV offers, oh my God, are you freaking kidding me? They're true to fruit flavors that keep you hydrated. Not like yucky. Like is that orange? What is that? I'm not quite sure. Tear, pour and live more. One stick in 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. I love it. You will love it too. Stay hydrated through the holidays with, with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Morbid at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code Morbid at liquid iv.com.


By mid-February he was joined by several men from the IIT and GTIN tribes. And I, again, I apologize, looked it up. I'm not saying that as correctly as I should, but I, I looked it up, I promise. Who they were familiar with the region and were just as interested in capturing Johnson as the RCMP. Yeah. They're like, get this guy the fuck out of our territory. Yeah. They had a lot of help from these like native tribes around like local tribes. Yeah. And on February 12th, one of the native men reported that Johnson had been spotted snowshoeing on the west side of the Richardson Mountain, which indicated that he'd traveled at least 90 miles since he was last spotted three days earlier, my god.


Three days 90 miles on foot by himself. No animal, like, no dog sled, no nothing. And many of these people, even like the, the, these native men who are helping them were like, this feels impossible. Like this seems impossible, man. So the group began making their way towards the west side of the mountain and on February 14th, Valentine's Day. Yay. It's May nephew's birthday. Yeah. Maye spotted Johnson's tracks from the air And it appeared he'd been traveling west. Okay. So when the whole team finally reached the area, they realized Johnson was traveling across the frozen riverbed and his tracks appeared to be less than 24 hours old. Ho, ho, ho. So in the two days that followed the group continued following his trail, finding evidence of him along the way.


And the further they traveled, the more recent the evidence became, until on February 17th they discovered tracks and a campfire that was less than a day old. Huh. So for nearly five weeks, the RCMP and volunteers had been tracking Albert Johnson and having repeatedly underestimated his outdoor skills and allowing him to slip away several times. By the afternoon of February 17th, though, it appeared that it was Johnson who may be underestimated Ames as men. 'cause in a reconstruction of the day's events that was later shown a little before noon that day, Johnson had left the center of the river where he had been walking and climbed a tree on the bank to basically look out for where the search party was.


And he appears to have believed that the party was moving away from him to the south. But in reality they were approaching a bend in the river that would take them northward again. Okay. So he was thrown off by what he was seeing. Sure. Although Ames and the other trackers knew they were on the right trail, they didn't really know that they were this close to catching him. Even at that point it was a happy accident. It was now assuming he was in the clear, Johnson got down from the tree and continued following the creek. 'cause he thought they were going the other way. Right. And he turned a sharp corner and suddenly saw a search party about 300 yards in front of him, RO. So he quickly strapped on his snow shoes and made a break for the cover of the forest firing at the group as he moved.


How many guns does he have? He is a gun. He is at this point I, I think like he guns run through his blood. Yes. I think they sure do. I He can just create them at will. Yeah. Now, Sergeant Earl Heresy, who was leading one of the dog teams, jumped from the sled and grabbed his rifle and returned fire. And in the exchange, heresy caught a bullet in the knee, which ricocheted off the bone and traveled upward through his elbow and into his chest. I'm sorry, what the actual fuck. Right. Oh God, that's gotta be awful. The damage. So while a few of the men were trying to help him, the remaining men pursued Johnson into the woods and they followed his tracks and chased him to one of the cover stations that he had made for himself.


Oh my God. Which is basically a ditch surrounded by short snowbanks. And it's possible he simply underestimated how determined Ames and the others were at that point. At this point. Or maybe he just thought he was gonna get lucky or like he's got away before. Yeah. So why wouldn't I now? Right. But by that point, there was really no chance he was coming out of there alive. Like it wasn't happening. Well, he's just one dude. Yeah. Like he's gotta be fucking tired at this point. You've gotta get to the end of the road at some point. Yeah. And as one team approached Johnson from the ice, another group circled around and took up positions behind him at a slightly elevated angle. Johnson kept firing at the men on the ice. And when he rolled onto his side into the ditch to reload, the men above him fired.


And one of the bullets hit him in the spine. Oh. By the time they reached his position in the ditch, Albert Johnson had been shot seven times And it was the spinal wound that was the f the fatal wound that they killed him. Yeah. So why did he do this? What's what's crazy too is they were pre, they were aware that they had been fucked around by him before. They'd been tricked by him before. So they waited 10 or 15 minutes before even approaching his dead body. I don't believe that to confirm that he was dead. They were like, I don't even wanna run up on this dude. Yeah. Like, I don't know what he is got going on. Like Sydnee In the end of scream, after five weeks of pursuing this man in the fucking treacherous like Canadian Sub-Zero windchill, a billion percent fucking wilderness, the manhunt finally came to an end here.


This is like a discovery channel fucking episode. Yeah. And throughout the whole ordeal, Albert Johnson never spoke a word to them. Why? From the time they appeared at his cabin knocking on the door until the time they shot him in that ditch, they never heard a word out of this man. What a mysterious fellow. For some reason that just gets me. No, It does. That gets you, he was silent because you just picture him being like, ha ha ha. You will not touch being like, fuck y'all. Like, you know? Yeah. Just being like, like suckers. Like running away. Yeah. Or just like yelling.


Nothing. Nothing. Never made a sound. Nothing. Just shot and ran. Who is he? That's a great question. So once they had received word of that, he was finally dead. May who's in the plane there, he landed his plane nearby and heresy, who was the one that was shot, was loaded on board and taken back to Avic where he was treated. Oh good. The following day May returned to get Johnson's body and the rest of the team traveled back by sled. Now the news of his death was honestly celebrated across North America. A fitting I'm sure to a scary and also pretty exciting adventure for everybody to follow on the outside. Yeah.


It was like, it was like a story like this didn't feel real like folk, like I said. Yeah. It just felt like this like unbelievable tale that you were just following along with. And you have to remember too, the time period where this was happening. Absolutely. Like nobody had anything. No. So, so they were just, whoa. So they did have this story. They did have this. Exactly. And then the days after that, several members of the team provided the press with descriptions of the manhunt and the shootout. That sounded more like a fucking film. A film. Tall Tale. Like a film. Yeah. You were watching like a war film than something that really happened. Yeah. Sergeant Riddle told the reporter, Johnson fought desperately to the end, emptying his rifle and was in the act of reloading it when killed the accurate shooting of the Posse had riddled his body with bullets.


And the more the story went around, the more it became a little embellished as it went. I'm sure. Or released Exaggerated in the New York Times. For example, may the plane, the pilot, the guy who it took down the Red Baron, he went from being an essential figure in the third phase of the pun. 'cause he absolutely is to being a major player in the story the entire time. Who quote tried to bomb Johnson from his cabin. Damn. And he did not. He's like, nah. He's like, nah, I just came in with my plane at the end. He's like, what I did was enough. Don't embellish. Yeah. You don't need to say it. Now. Once Johnson's body was returned to a Kla, it occurred to several people that the man who had been shot and killed by the RCMP didn't look at all like the photos of Johnson that had appeared in the press.


Shut up. Shut. One journalist said, you shut your mouth over there. Pictures purporting to be of him were published in several papers, but they turned out to be that of a respected resident of Princeton, British Columbia. That poor man. Yeah. So it seemed that, well a few people in and around Vic had spoken to Johnson at one point or another when he was passing through, at least for like a second. You know, like the clerk and all that. Yeah. Yeah. And they were given the name Albert Johnson by him. Nobody knew who the fuck he really was. Albert, that wasn't his real name. He was Albert Johnson. So a journalist for the Edmonton Journal wrote The Secret of Johnson's True Identity may never be known And it may never be possible to clear up who he was or where he came from and why the fuck he did any of this in the early 20th century.


And before it was like your identity when you, it was a given. Like Yeah. If someone told you their, your name and your biological information, like by biographical information, there was no way to confirm that information. Yeah. They weren't like checking his in stuff. So you just, you know, assumed it to be true. Right. Like that's, you say your name is that, that's your name. Okeydoke. And I'm sure he had some kind of paper saying it too. Yeah. And it's like, well and it's especially true of the more rural regions like the Northwest Territories because a lot of people go there to escape. Right. Any modern life, you know, so like you say, your name is Albert Johnson, that's your name. Okie Noke. So it was when the trapper gave the name Albert Johnson to Millon when he first arrived at Fort McPherson the previous year.


Like that's what it was. You assumed that was his name, but if it wasn't Albert Johnson, who the fuck was he? That's what I'm saying. And also, like you said, why the fuck had he responded so aggressively to the RCMP? Yeah. Like he was just being confronted about trapping. Yeah. Like messing with people's traps. Illegal, like messing with people's traps. Why the fuck did he respond like that? There was no reason unless he was wanted for other shit acts Exactly in the States, which is what I think. So in the months that followed, the RCMP circulated the only known photographs of the man who they knew as Albert Johnson, which were taken after his death. That's all they had. Okay. In the hope that someone would recognize him, be like, oh that's my crazy ass brother.


And most like for a while nothing was coming. And then the first theory as to his identity came In late 1932 when RCMP officials got a tip that Johnson strongly resembled a man named Arthur Nelson who had been living in De Lake, British British Columbia in the mid 1920s, but had traveled north to the Yukon and was last seen in May, 1931. Okay. Just a few months before Johnson arrived at Fort McPherson, they said that's when he had been traveling like into the Yukon. That was the last time. But other than that name, the fact that he had lived at Des Lake, no one seemed to know really much about Nelson's life or his history.


So years later, Dick North put forth his theory that Johnson and Nelson were in fact a North Dakota criminal by the name of Johnny Johnson. Johnson. So those were actually aliases. Oh my god. Johnny Johnson. It's like John Jansen my Bravo heads. So according to North Johnson had been born in Norway in 1898 and immigrated to the US with his family in 1904. There, when they got there, they settled on a farm in North Dakota. And in 1915 Johnson was involved in a bank robbery with another man and his partner was wounded and captured. But Johnson escaped. See this, this sounds more like it. Johnson was eventually arrested and served jail time in Wyoming in 1918, then returned to the farm in the early 1920s and then disappears from the record.


And it was around this time that Arthur Nelson appeared in D Lake. Huh. And it turned out that North Theory had also been the theory of the RCMP. They requested Johnny Johnson's fingerprints from the US authorities. I was gonna ask you that compared to those of Arthur Johnson. Yes. But the test proved inconclusive. Huh. Now Albert Johnson's identity came up again in 2007. Shut up. When a team of filmmakers working on a documentary about this mystery got permission for their team of forensic experts to have Johnson's body exhumed and DNA testing done. The examination of the remains revealed some interesting shit.


Tell me everything. At the time of his death Johnson quote unquote, had been about 30, between 30 and 40 years old. Okay. And was of Swedish ancestry. Okay. He had spent a lot of time in the American Midwest and his youth and had suffered from scoliosis. Hmm. Which is interesting that he was shot in the spine and that's ironic what killed him. Ironic. Very ironic. Don't you think? And perhaps most unusual that despite his like clearly like you know, mountain man individualistic like drive, like where he was like, I very isolated, very like I live in the outdoors. Yeah. DIY King. He had DIY king. Exactly. He had quote undergone sophisticated and expensive dental work for the period.


Really? Which is like not lining up. Yeah, no, not at all. And although they were able to learn a great deal more about, you know, the remains known as Albert Johnson, many of those things do like kind of support that theory of Johnny Johnson's. Yeah. The forensic team were unable to conclusively give him a name. What the fuck? And maybe it's because his like, I mean his antics were so iconic, so scary, so intense, so gnarly. His identity is so mysterious that that's, I think that's why we will just like, I can't give up on this. Yeah. The Mad Trapper, like who the fuck he is and why he did this. You can't let it go.


I will never let it go as long as I live. And it has been a huge fixture in Canadian culture for more than 90 years at this point. Like, what the fuck is that about? This is truly one of the wildest stories I've ever heard. Yeah. It's inspired countless songs, poems, novels, films. Which I was like, where's I gotta watch the show me the film? Yeah. Like let's go, I might write a fucking song about this. Let's go. Right? Let's go. I've never written a song before in my life. Yeah. I'll write a song. Let's, let's go. And still we don't conclusively know who this man was and why the fuck he reacted the way he did and how he was able to survive out there. Well, so Johnny Johnson is the one who robbed the bank. Yeah. And the other two are aliases. They're all the same person. I feel like, I feel like it's gotta be him because he's the only one they have and who knows what else he did.


Like what other criminal things would've popped up had the RCMP got him. Yeah. You know, I, it's just like, but not knowing conclusively is driving me fucking nuts. And what a way to go out. What a way to go out in a ditch reloading your gun after five weeks of running in the wilderness in Canada. Yeah. When you could have just paid a fine. Yeah. Don't keep it that weird. Don't keep it that weird. Wow. What a tale. I love that story. It's like love that people die along the way. Like that is so deeply upsetting, but But the actual story itself is riveting. That is a riveting, it truly, that's a nail bite up. Yeah. It had me on the edge of my seat. I don't have my acrylic on like looking at this.


It's, it's crazy. Damn. Yeah. Wow. So that is the story of Albert Johnson, quote unquote The Mad Trapper of Rat River. I'd like to say thank you. You're welcome. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it. But definitely not so weird as this guy. We already told you. Not that weird. No, that's weird. What a fricking tail. I love it. This might be one of my favorite episodes. Whoa. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


A few miles from the glass spires of Midtown Atlanta lies the South River Forest. In 2021 and 2022, the woods became a home to activists from all over the country who gathered to stop the nearby construction of a massive new police training facility. Nicknamed Cop City At approximately nine o'clock this morning as law enforcement was moving through various sectors of the property, an individual without warning shot a Georgia State Patrol Trooper. This is, we came to the forest, a story about resistance. The abolitionist Mission isn't done until every prison is empty and shut down. Love and fellowship.


It Was probably the happiest I've ever been in My life. And the lengths will go to protect the things we hold closest to our hearts


follow. We came to the forest on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of. We came to the forest early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.