
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, weirdos. I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am. It's called Cava and it is Hands down the best thing that I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me, you know, vanilla and chai. I like to do half, half, boom, vanilla Chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I know that I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body. First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended in, and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love Cava.


Have you heard the News Weirdos? The highly anticipated sequel to the breakout horror? Hit Smile is coming to theaters October 18th. That's right. Smile two is about to unleash a whole new level of twisted terror. If you thought the first smile was terrifying, usher did just wait until you see what's in store. This time around, the filmmakers are taking the story to new heights, and they're doing it all on the big screen. Naomi Scott leads the cast as Global Pop Sensation Sky Riley, a character haunted by the pressures of fame and her own family's Dark Secrets. Skye's struggle to maintain her sanity in the face of escalating terror she's facing is sure to have you on the edge of your seat. Smile Two is written and directed by Parker Finn, the talented filmmaker behind the first film, whose Unique Vision inspired a can't miss theatrical experience that was praised by critics and audiences and ashes alike. I'm obsessed with the First Smile movie. I am so, so excited that they are releasing a sequel. And I. Can't wait to see it because it actually looks even scarier than the first one. If that's even possible. Get ready for a chilling and pulse pounding experience as Smile Two Hits theaters on October 18th. I know. I can't wait.


Hey, weirdos, I'm Alina, I'm Ash. This Is more good. This is motherfucker moron bitch. Just kidding. Whoa. And that's Mikey's big burp. I like God. I was just like, what? What? Oh, we we're feeling some type of way. Things are loosey goosey today. We're at my house. So lust in the Gost. I couldn't come up with a response quick enough. You just stared at me blankly.


And I was like, oh, she gone. It's early. My coffee hasn't hit yet. I tried to go to yoga this morning. I couldn't. It was a whole thing. She forgot her. Matt halfway there. And I. Fucking realized it. I was like, are you joking mate? Are you joking, mate? I said, are you joking me, mate? True? Yeah. What's up dog? What? What's up dog? You're almost riding a book high. I am almost riding a book high. It's so close. By the time this comes out, I think it'll be like two days ago that it came out. So you'll be on the high in the future. This is awesome. I'm so excited for you now and in the future. I'm so excited. I'm excited for you guys to read the Butcher Game and, and people have been grabbing the butcher in the Ren. Yeah. Recently a lot like to start the series, which is so fucking awesome.


Well, you have to guys. Like if you, you have to, you have to. If you didn't read The Butcher in the Run, I would read that before you read the Butcher Game. Yeah, for sure. It's, its gonna set you all up. It's like it's It's all chronological. Yeah. A lot of backstory. A lot of, A lot of shockers, you know? Yes. But the Butcher game is longer. She she thicker. Yeah. She she'll, I think she's more brutal personally. She 100% is, there's no doubt in my mind. I don't think there's any doubt there. But yeah, you can still go. Go get her. Somebody go get her. Go get her. She's selling like a best seller. You won't be disappointed, I think. I hope. I pray You won't. I loved it, so I liked it better than Butcher in the Run.


And I. Loved Butcher In the Run. I love that. Yeah. Love to hear it. I also have seen people who got the Arc Advanced Reader copies reviewing it. And I've seen like so many great reviews. Everybody who's reviewed it has been so sweet and so kind and lovely. One girl, she posted a picture. We should shout her out. Oh, book Talkers. And like books to grammars. I like books to grammars. That's fun. The prettiest like displays of a book. Yes. It alwa. They have a way of making me wanna read any book. And esp, esp. It's like they always make it look gorgeous. This one creator on Instagram. Michelle reads thrillers. Yes. I was just, I just saw that the way that she set the book up.


Yeah. Like to take the picture of it. I was like, okay. Oh, it's beautiful. They're all like, they're, they're amazing that way. Yeah. It was Gorge. Yeah. I was, I was impressed. I loved it. I can barely take a good nail picture in my fucking car, so I can't take any good photos of things. Sorry, I said a cat hair in my ass. I have so many cats. All the cats. And, I. Love them. I also love those cats. Yeah. Franklin And I have become best friends, so yeah. I mean we've always been best friends, but I feel like we really solidified our relationship the other day. Yeah. He crawled on my lap and he snuggled into me. And. I almost passed away because it was wild. I like, I like cats. Like, I like cats just fine. You're an animal person. I just love animals. Yeah. Yeah. But like cats were never my favorite.


Yeah. No. Like it just wasn't my thing for a long time. But then Cats, one of my favorite cats, And I was like, oh bitch, it's, these cats are cool. That's the thing. I feel like cats like, like morph to their owner. Yeah. And. I. Like to personally think that I'm like wicked Cool. Yeah. So my cats are like, wicked cool. Or is it still in there? Well, I'm glad you got that cat. Hi. Hello. Whoa. I'm glad you got that cat hair out of your eye. Yeah, I was gonna say Cat. And then I, so it just went Kai, Kai. I'm, I'm, it's still in there, but you know, by the end of this, I'm sure it'll make its way out. don don't see anything in there.


Yeah. I wonder if you got glitter in there. 'cause your glitter face is a little bit glittery. Did you get like highlighter in your eye? I don't think I got highlighter. All right, let's get into this. So let's go. We got part two of the strange, very mysterious death of Cindy James. Very strange case so far. Super strange. It's only gonna get stranger to be honest. Oh boy. Yeah. So at the end of part one, detective Bower Smith got involved in Cindy's case, which was really starting to ramp up. He in the past had worked closely with Pat McBride, who remember he was like the responding officer. Cindy started seeing him. Yep. Detective Bower Smith worked closely with him, like I said, and trusted him. So he wanted to trust what Cindy was saying, of course.


But something in his gut was telling him that there was just, something was off about her story. Something was missing. His gut just didn't feel right about it. So on a hunch, he ended up asking her to take a polygraph exam. Hmm. And unfortunately, the results did literally nothing to alleviate his suspicions whatsoever. Her test showed signs of deception. But instead of confronting her with the results, like right off the bat, he asked her if she'd be willing to submit to another exam. And again, the results indicated that she was being dishonest. Being deceptive. So now he's convinced that he caught her in a lie. Because that's like, you know, I get we I mean we always say it hot dog in a trench coat. But like it's, it is interesting when somebody, 'cause you can, it's, I don't know, it's like, it really goes both ways.


Like I feel like polygraphs are so difficult to have any kind of stance on. Yeah. 'cause I know that like if you, like, if you're nervous, yeah. That can show a deception, which you hook me up to a polygraph right now. I'm fucking nervous. I'm gonna be, my anxiety level's gonna be at a billion. Yeah. Just because of the nature of being hooked up to something that can determine your physiological responses to questions. And, I feel. My brain would be like, you're lying. You're lying. Even if I was telling the truth. That's the thing. It's like when you go through TSA at the airport and you're like, do I have, and you know, you don't have a weapon on you. Yes. Or like contraband of any kind. But every time I go through, I'm like, what if I have a gun?


And, I, don't And, I don't. Like I don't, I know don don't. What if I accidentally put a gun that don don't have, have in my carry? Like, what? Oh my God, what if I put a machete that I don't have in my thank God suitcase? And it's like, that's, that's crazy. So your brain will just make you go like, oh fuck. I like that makes sense that you do that. Do I think, oh, did I pack a full size product that they're gonna throw out? I literally, I'm worried. I bought, I brought like a full bomb with me. I'm just like, did I bring that new hairspray that I got? And I. They're gonna get rid of it and I'm gonna be sad. Yeah. See that's a, and it happens all like your brain can trick you in insane ways.


Yeah. So I feel like in a polygraph exam, you hook me up to that shit. I'm gonna be like, have I lied about everything that I've ever known in my life? Like, I'd be like, is anything real? Is my name even Ash? They'd be like, is your name Elena? I'd be like, I honestly don't know. My mom says I can't be sure. But who's she to say? I don't know. Well, I don, I was there, but I don't remember. That's the thing. Well, Cindy, so Bower Smith, detective Bower Smith confronts Cindy with the results. 'cause of course it means something. Yeah. You know, I mean of course. Like we laugh about how of that. But like, it, it is interesting when you have other suspicions, you know, especially having two deceptive, is that that word? Deceptive? Yeah. Yeah. Tests in a row, you know? That makes sense.


So he confronts her with the results and she immediately burst into tears. Which honestly I probably would've done the same. Yeah, I was gonna say, but also it doesn't make you look great. Very suspicious, but also, yep. But me too, I burst into tears would've done at the grocery store if the wind blows the wrong way. So, and just being confronted with that would be horrifying. Oh yeah. No, I can't handle that. And she couldn't either. No. And according to her, the reason why the results showed deception was because, contrary to what she actually said in her statement about the attack that happened in the garage, how she was attacked by like multiple men. Yes. And it got really violent. She said she actually did know the identity of one of these men who had attacked her. But she was terrified that if she named him, he would return to harm her family.


Okay. And this is where I say, well now that's suspicious because Yeah, you are, you have now compounded what could be interpreted as a lie. Yeah. On top of deceptive results of a polygraph exam to cover the deceptive results. Yeah. And it's just like, I, I don't, it's just strange because again, I can understand that you, if she's scared that this person will hurt her family or hurt her if, if she names them, that is a reality that of course many people go through in these kind of situations happens. But it's also like, but like this has been a big part of your life. Right. And if you know the name of one of the people, we might be able to end this.


This could stop. Right. So why wouldn't you just say it? Right. And also the police would be much more likely to be able to protect you if knew if they know who they're protecting you from. Exactly. So it's like I, to my initial feeling about that, if I was that investigator would be, it kind of seems like you're, you're trying to fix deception with more deception. You're yanking my chain. Yeah. Is what he thought. Yeah. And. I. But you can see it both ways. I see both sides of this. 'cause I, I see her not wanting to for sure to say anything. 'cause she's so scared. And I. See being on the detective side of things, being like, what the fuck that we can't protect. What do you want us, we don't know if you know who it is.


You tell we can protect you from that person. Like Right. We can't protect you from an unknown human. Exactly. So the results of the polygraph exam were certainly unusual. Yeah. And her, her response was certainly unusual. And Bower Smith wasn't ready yet to rule out the possibility that she was lying. But he also had to admit that it was hard to believe somebody would keep up such an aggressive and pretty extreme charade for for sure attention. Like, he didn't, he felt like she was lying, but also he was like, why would she lie about this just for attention? Like, and keep it going for so long and because, and, and ramp it up, you know? Yeah. And Cindy hadn't been alone in her claims. And that was the other thing. Pat McBride was convinced that she was telling the truth.


And actually he himself even answered some of the phone calls that were coming in, like the weird obscene ones. But in the cases where Pat picked up the phone, the caller would like heavy breathe and then hang up. He, pat never heard the voice unless it was really answering machine. Interesting. Now, despite the chaos and stress of the ongoing harassment, the other aspects of Cindy's life actually seem to be going pretty well. Relatively well. She was well liked, she was successful at work. She actually got several promotions between 75 and 83 the years. Not that many promotions. I was like, wow. You're like, that's a lot of fucking promotions. But the, after the attack in the garage, she did file a workers' comp claim so that she could take time off to recover. Yeah. And when she was ready to Intu return, her employer was really happy to have her back.


But they requested that she attend a counseling session with a psychiatrist. That way they could clear her to return to a high pressure environment. 'cause she's a nurse, remember? Yeah. She's in healthcare. So she's in healthcare. That makes perfect sense. Yeah. So the request to consult with a psychiatrist was immediately rejected by Cindy. Unfortunately, at that point, she had nothing but negative experiences with mental health professionals. Yeah. I mean that is true. And also remember the time period. Yeah. Mental health is still to this day, stigmatized. It's a lot better. But back then, but back then, seeking help for your mental health was seen as a weakness. Yeah. Like just, that's how it was. Yeah. And she was worried that she would be quote, stigmatized as unbalanced if she went to see a psychiatrist.


Because, and that could have something to do with the case too. It's like, could make her seem like she's admitting Yeah. You know, that maybe some of this is in her head. Yeah. And that's the thing, I'm, you led me perfectly to my next point because also multiple officers with Vancouver police already thought she was making everything up. Yeah. So she said, well, if I go see a psychiatrist, I'm probably only validating that belief. Yeah. They're gonna be like, see, it's exactly what you said. I get that. Eventually she did reach a compromise with her boss and she agreed to see Dr. Alex Conley, who was one of the psychiatrists associated with the clinic that she worked for. Ah. Yeah. Isn't that a conflict of interest? You think it's a conflict of interest?


Now you just sit back and wait. Like you can't have her see someone who works at the clinic she works for. Yeah. You sure can't. She's gotta go to an outside place. You would think that's bonkers. It only gets bonkers out. Oh lord. Dr. Conley saw Cindy a total of six times before clearing her to return to work, which six times I think is pretty valid. But years later, his consultation would be seen by pretty much everybody as sauce. Yeah. I mean straight up just sus like Pat McBride, Alex Conley seemed pretty taken with Cindy. Oh. and he didn't have any reservations when it came to believing even the most suspicious aspects of her story. Oh my goodness. These mans, he's she, he just thinks she's really pretty.


Which if you look up a picture of her, she is porch. She's beautiful. But also you gotta, you're a professional. You're supposed to be unbiased here. Exactly. Yeah. Now the other thing was he only saw Cindy outside of his normal working hours. What he hardly ever billed for his services. Oh. And this is my favorite part. He kept literally virtually zero written record or notes of their meetings. Nothing. Huh? No record of their sessions, huh? No. don don't know how many of y'all are in therapy, but they do be scratching down some notes while you're talking. Yeah. I would imagine. Not Alex Conley. This is gnarly. Yeah. This was highly unusual.


Yeah. Given that the entire reason she was seeing him in the first place was so that she could be evaluated for that worker's comp claim. Yeah. Which is like, you need some, you need records, you need receipts, baby. So all signs pretty much pointed to an inappropriate level of familiarity between doctor and patient. Now that was that the threatening notes continue to arrive for Cindy at home and at work throughout the fall and into the summer. But by the fall, things took another alarming turn. And I'm just gonna give a trigger warning here, like upfront for the rest of the story. Just 'cause otherwise I'd have to be like pausing every five seconds. Give like a blanket one. So right here blanket for the rest of the story, there is mention of animal cruelty and there is a lot of mention, especially toward the end of like suicide and suicidal ideations.


So if that's something that you're not down to here, we'll see you next time. Next time. Exactly. So on October 15th, one year to the date, after the harassment began, Cindy found a dead cat in her garden. Oh. With a rope tied around its neck. Oh, a note next to the cat. Red, your next, that's terrifying. By that point, she also had already moved two times Anne had changed her phone number. Wow. But her stalker seemed to have no trouble finding her each time. Which is shocking, especially back then. It would take a lot Yes. To keep finding someone. We'll find out later how, if, if there was a stalker And.


I'm not saying there wasn't. I'm just saying like, I'm very much in the middle on this case. I don't know if she I don, if anybody knows. Dunno, I don't know if there was a stalker. Yeah. I don't know. But we'll find out that if there was a stalker, it might not have been that difficult for them to get information. Oh, okay. She was a little free with information. Oh, she was given stuff out. Yeah, exactly. But a few weeks after the discovery of the cat, she returned home to find her garden completely destroyed. Oh. Plants were ripped from the ground. Tossed her on the yard like it was a wreck. Oh, that's just cruel. Yeah, it is mean. She's mean. And the increased frequency and aggression led McBride to encourage Cindy to actually hire a professional bodyguard.


Probably a good idea. Yeah. Not a bad idea at all. So she took the advice and started working with Ozzy Kaban. He was a private detective and he was actually a friend of Detective Bower Smith's, who had extensive experience providing security services to just private clients. Now, hiring Kaban obviously made her feel a little bit safer in her home, but it really didn't do anything to stop the harassment. That's wild. It is. And remember, obviously he's not like 24 7, you know, so, but he is probably on call. Right. But yes, he is on call. So in late November, just a few weeks after hiring this new security guard, Cindy found another dead cat in her yard. Oh my God. Who is killing cats? I can't even talk about it. That's, fuck it ruins me in the weeks that followed the calls and letters started increasing in frequency and somebody started vandalizing the house, smashing basement windows cutting her phone line.


Like, what? Serious fucking scary shit. Fuck. Each time she reported the craftsman. And each time a detective was sent out to the house to investigate. But neither Vancouver PD or Ozzy Caban ever found any evidence that anyone other than Cindy had been at the house. Oh. Just none whatsoever. Wow. Which is weird. Yeah. Like if there is somebody, they're really fucking good at covering their tracks. Yeah. So a few months later, on January 30th, 1984, Cindy was actually attacked in her home for a second time, around 6:00 PM she called Caban to tell him that she'd been hearing things outside of the house. And she actually thought somebody was trying to break in.


Oh, that's terrifying. So he rushed over to the house, and when he looked through the front window, he saw her lying on the kitchen floor. And it appeared that there was a knife sticking out of her head. Her head, her head. HEAD head. Holy shit. Yeah. So he kicked in the door with such force that it actually ripped the entire frame away from the, from the wall. Oh. See? He like, that's a man's that you want by your side to get a whole doorframe out. Hopefully he knows how to replace it. But, so he rushed into the kitchen where Cindy is just laying on the floor, like unconscious. My God. and he expected to find the attacker probably still in the house because he rushed over there. Yeah. He's on call. But there was nobody inside the house other than Cindy.


And the house was completely silent. Completely. Still just nobody. But she stabbed in the head. Well, it turned out that Cindy had actually not been stabbed in the head. Oh. She was stabbed in the hand. The angle with what she was looking like made it look like it was her head. Yeah. Like her hand was up or something. Yeah, exactly. But according, this is still brutal. Yeah. According to the police report, there was a pairing knife stuck into her hand almost to the palm. Huh. So I'm assuming it went like the knife went through the front of her hand. Holy shit. And it was pinning a note, like, like the knife was stuck to a note, then stuck into her hand. And the note said, now you must die. Cunt.


Yeah, yeah. And I. It was written in cut and paste magazine letters. Like the classic, like a, like a ransom note. Ransom note. Yeah. Yeah.


Welcome to Scam Town. It's a place where the true crime is stranger than fiction. And the stories are filled with quirks and moral ambiguity from James Lee Hernandez and Brian lte. The filmmakers behind M Millions. And the big con scam town takes you through stories ranging from the strange to the unbelievable wild scams, surprising heists, forbidden love, and massive explosions are just a little taste of what's in store. Scam Town is an Apple original podcast produced by Fun meter Follow and listen on Apple podcasts.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy, heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community. And the local detectives feel these atrocities are eerily personal. As of someone or something is taunting her, starring Niecy Nash bets Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs. Grotesquery premiered September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu.


When the paramedics arrived, it was determined that actually her injury was not very serious. Which I'm like, they must have gone like, there's so many fucking tendons in your hand. Yeah. But also she's in healthcare. And I. Just wanna point that out. Yeah. Just saying. but it wasn't very serious. And the head injury that she suffered from a supposed blow to the head was also not serious. And the nylon stalking that was tied around her neck also did no lasting damage. But this is the second time that there's a rope tied around her neck. Yeah. Like a nylon stocking. And remember, unfortunately, like the cat, there was a, there was a rope around the cat's neck too. Oh yeah. So that's a, that keeps happening. Okay. But later at the hospital, doctors would find a needle mark on her arm, which led them to believe that she had been injected with an unknown substance.


They couldn't determine what it was, but she had no recollection of being injected. Well, here's my, my question. Yeah. There's a note that says, now you must die cunt. Why didn't they kill her? 'cause it sounds like they didn't really make a effort to Yeah. 'cause the head injury is not, they didn't even serious, they didn't even know if there really was a head injury. She said that she'd been struck over the head. She said she passed out and that she passed out. So they're like, couldn't even, she must have been hit. But there, it was almost like it was a case we talked about a few weeks ago where somebody said they'd been hit over the head and like they were only unconscious for a certain amount of time.


Yeah. And the doctors were like, you would've been unconscious for much longer. Yeah. And that's, and it's like, it sounds like there was really no damn, like it wasn't even a serious injury to the hand. No. But like, they had a, if they were in her house and she's alone and they had a knife and a stocking with them. Yeah. Why didn't they just do it? I mean, I guess you could say that. Like, maybe they heard, I'm just playing devil's advocate here. Maybe they heard Caban coming and ran out the bat. but it sounds like, but it exactly, it sounds like he didn't see anybody leave. Everything was silent. Everything was quiet. I mean, I don't, don don't know. It's, yeah. It's hard to explain. It's just that, and I'm not saying this isn't somebody doing this, like trying torment her, but it's just like, wow, you're really like you, you had, and you had the chance to do it.


Right. Do it. And this person is like playing with fire because Yeah. She's reporting this to the police over and over and, and over again. Really roll on the dice here. And if, if they're stalking her, they, they know that, they know she, they're seeing police, police presence at the house. Yeah. You know, like, I I mean this, this is shocking. Yeah. It's really now, like the other reports of assault and harassment, the scene at Cindy's house appeared to be absent of any evidence of an intruder whatsoever. And that's the part that I'm like, what is going on here? Yeah. On the kitchen floor where she'd been laying, there were circular smears of blood that investigators found highly un unusual. Like somebody tried to clean the floor. Hmm. Constable Keo ema, I hope I say that right.


Said it appeared somebody had wiped it. and he said in his 10 years as an investigator, he had quote, never come across a crime scene where an salient attempted to clean up the blood I. Mean, I've seen that in plenty of cases where somebody tried to clean up the blood. Thank you. Because I, yeah. We've covered cases where that's happened before. Maybe not in his 10 years, but in our six years doing this, I've seen countless cases where people have tried to Yeah. Clean up the blood. Blood at a crime scene. But I will say usually that's when the person that they have attacked is dead. Or when they think that they're dead. Yes. Exactly. You know, at least in a, to me, it doesn't seem like there was anything done to Cindy here that where they would think she died would've made them think she was dead. Agreed. Yeah. But again, I, who knows, but that, I'm like, no, people clean up blood all the time.


Yeah, agreed. Or, and do it badly. That's literally why luminol testing exists. Yeah, exactly. But according to Cindy, she had been in her kitchen when she, she, when she saw who she thought was her neighbor come through the back gate and up her back stairs carrying something in his hand. But by the time she realized it wasn't her neighbor, the man hit her over the head. She said she lost consciousness, which, which would be a severe head injury. Don't lose consciousness from a head injury unless it's a serious one. Right. Exactly. And I mean, they also said that she may have been injected with something. So don don't know if that made her lose consciousness, but they also couldn't determine what it was that she'd been injected with. So it's kind of hard to say. Interesting.


But given the suspicion with which her other reports had been met, investigators asked her actually to take another polygraph exam, which if, if she is going through this and she does have this stalker who's attacking her again and again, then she's gotta sit through fucking awful, these polygraph tests. Yeah. Like, that's shitty. That's the thing. That's the part of this that is just awful and sad as if this is really what's happening. Holy shit. But then you can see on the other side of things why they want her to Yeah. Because they're like, we're trying to help you here, but there's no fucking evidence and there's a lot of evidence pointing to, to you. Unfortunately, no one is doing this. Right. So it's like, I I You can't ignore that. Yeah. Like, you can't just be like, okay.


Yeah. Totally. Right. Someone did it and we don't know who it is. Well, this one is weird because, so she, she consented to the polygraph test and At first her results showed that she was telling the truth. Okay. But then the po don don't know if it's polygrapher polygraph or polygraph giver I don Dunno, polygraph men or woman. I like polygrapher, but polygrapher sounds fun. 'cause it's like calligrapher. Exactly. You know? Yeah. Well this, this polygrapher Sergeant Cal hood, he reviewed the results a second time several months later for some reason. Huh. and he quote, decided they were inconclusive. Maybe they were looking at it later as the case progressed, probably. But I'm like, but it's like, you can't say, you can't retroactively decide she was lying.


Right. And that, and that's what makes people, you got tell at the moment, my friend. Yeah. And that's what makes people not believe in polygraphs, I feel like, because like, you can just form them to fit your narrative. Yeah. Like that's, that's literally you just fitting and the narrative that Right. That might've started spinning later because it was like, no, no, no, she's good. She passed this one. And then don don't know if it was after she passed away that they were like, Hmm. She actually didn't pass that one. She was probably lying. I'm I don know about that. don don't know. Yeah. But in addition to the polygraph exam, hood interviewed Cindy for about 45 minutes. And during that interview, she told him that there had been quote periods of violence during her marriage to Roy Makepeace. And that her ex-husband quote, this is wild, often talked about killing people with a crossbow.


Oh. Which I was like, I thought you weren't afraid of Roy. What? Like, you, because she was, she told people all the time that like, like investigators were like, could this possibly be your ex-husband? And she keeps saying no. And also the, the stalking and everything started within a week of her leaving him. Yeah. Which is strange. So that is strange. And I don't think he did anything. Yeah. I'll say that right at the top. But, but it still, you're still, you're saying you don't think it's him. And then you're telling them also that like, there's periods of violence and that he talked about killing people with a crossbow. Yeah. It's like, come on, that's awful. And then we get even further later, which you're just, your jaw's gonna be on the floor, but damn, it's like, hello. But again, so she, she tells the detective this, but, or the, the polygrapher, but then she continues to insist that Roy couldn't be the attacker.


So it's like, okay, then why are you even saying this? The meth ain't math. No. But the attack in the kitchen was followed by several more reported incidents of harassment and violence. Of course. And July, 1984, Cindy claimed that while she was out walking her dog, she was quote, abducted and injected with drugs by two people in a van asking for directions. What? After the report, Ozzy Caban arranged for a hypnosis session. And during that session, and this is where your jaws just gonna hit the fucking floor, Cindy claimed she quote, saw her ex-husband chopping up the bodies of a man and woman with an axe at a log cabin somewhere in the Gulf Islands while they were on vacation. Other than that, she couldn't provide any details.


What Yeah. Chopping up the bodies of a man and a woman without a log cabin in the Gulf Islands while whilst on vacation. My mind, this is escalating. Which it's like, what, what? Where the fuck did that come from? Nobody knows. There's no, there's no evidence that this ever happened. but it is a story that she, that under hypnosis came out under. Yeah. So it's like she believes it. How did your brain come out with that I mean? It seems like she believes it I mean also, I think there are ways that you can seem like you're Hypnosis. Hypnosis, yeah. That's the thing that I was wondering, but holy shit.


And that, that comes up again later. And you're just like, what? What? It doesn't come up in a, in a way where you can really verify, like, verify it, but terrifying tale to spin. Yeah. And also the like, abduction, where'd you go? They just abducted you. Yeah. And then that was it. Yeah. And also like, somehow she was able to get away. I guess, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong here, but I don't think people are just injecting people with drugs willy-nilly. I don't think, well, maybe like, if they're being held captive, like I, I think we've seen that happen, I guess. Yeah. But I mean like, just like in an attack scenario.


Yeah. And then just leaving them like, I've, like, I don't, I feel like that's a rare occurrence. Is someone like it? It's like, because it reminds me of like Dexter. Yeah. Like people use it as like a submission thing. Yeah. Like in the middle of an attack. That is rare, I think. Yeah. If we looked really hard into the research of that, I'm sure. And this has already happened, possibly three different times for her. Yeah. Maybe even more. But in three different occasions. Like that's, and also it's like, okay, so what hap And it's like unknown substances too. That's the thing. I mean. We're we're getting to the point where like, things are more advanced in this time period. Yeah. Like, they would've been able to identify what substances most things.


I would think this is bananas. Well, don don't think gets more bananas. Wow. Banana don. Don't know why I said bananas like that. Banana. but it gets more bananas there. It gets bananas there. That was a good one. So a year later, in July, 1985, Cindy made more claims of abuse and violence against Roy. And this time investigators actually convinced her to agree to a wiretap in order to try to get him to confess to something. 'cause they're like, holy shit, is he a murderer? Like, hello? Yeah. At this point you'd be like, what the fuck is going on here? But rather than capture any kind of confession, the recorded conversation actually depicted Roy Makepeace as a very concerned, and at the same time, very frustrated partner or ex-partner.


Hmm. On the tape, he can be heard saying, I'm certainly prepared to listen to anything because I'm very, very, very curious about what the hell has been going on. But it's affected me badly and it damn near cost me my job. Yeah, I can imagine. So I think he's saying like, yeah, I, I wanna hear what's going on because I care about you, but also what the fuck is going on? 'cause you're putting me in precarious situations here. You're making me seem like I chop up bodies. No. Yeah. Seriously. Now, eventually Cindy tried to elicit some kind of incriminating information. She told him, she quote, couldn't understand what he had been doing to her. And his response was just straight up bewilderment. He said, incredulously what I've been doing to you for the last couple years. Like being like, what?


Yeah. Like what? And then he laid out all the ways where Cindy's ongoing harassment claims negatively affected his life. and he iss like, I'm not doing anything to you. What the fuck are you doing to me? Which it's like, why would he be lying? Obviously we've seen like deception like this before. Yeah. But it's harder to understand what, how someone would lie in a private setting Yeah. To the person they're lying about, you know? And to feign that much like Yeah. Bewilderment like frustration and bewilderment. Exactly. Yeah. So ultimately the call produced zero confession, or really any indication of Roy make involvement. Just one month later, Cindy called police to report that somebody had actually broken into her basement this time and set her bathroom on fire.


What the fuck? However, when Detective Gary Foster searched outside of the house, he determined that quote, James was responsible because the cobwebs and dust were undisturbed on the window sills outside. Oh shit. So nobody had gotten into the basement. Oh damn. In April, 1986, she again reported that somebody broke into the basement and set yet another fire. But as in all the other reports, investigators found no evidence of a break-in and concluded that she had to have set the fire herself. Why is she doing this? Now you could say that this I mean this one, these two incidents with the fire. I believe that she may have done these herself. Yeah. It seems like the evidence points to that.


I'm not saying that means that none of the other things happened. Like in the beginning. Yeah. I maybe they did, maybe they didn't. The, this, these two sets of things. I think she did And I. Don't know if it was maybe because things, she felt like things were ramping down and she for some reason wanted to ramp them back up again. Or, or maybe just capture the attention of the investigators to like, to make something happen. Like in the case To make it like to, to make them feel like it was more urgent. Yeah. Maybe, maybe. Or maybe this whole thing was Yeah. Something she thought was happening. I don, maybe she was disassociating during some of these things. That's the other thing. Like, this is tragic no matter what way it goes.


And it's so sad. Matter way, it goes. Well that's the moral of the story because it's like, if this is in her head and this is something she's doing, then she's very mentally ill, ly very sick. And this is, that's and she's still living Yeah. In a place where she, they're saying this is happening. Her fear seemed real and her, you know, panic seemed real. So it's like she's living in a horrible panic induced state of her own making Right. Without her even realizing it. Right. Or she's being tormented by a person or unknown people and no one's believing her. Right. Either way, it's a fucking nightmare. This is awful. Yeah.


No matter what. Or it's a combination of both, which is somehow even worse. Yeah. Honestly, like, there's no better outcome here. This is all awful. And she's her. I don't, this is no kind of life to live, no matter. It's really not matter. It's really not. Well, and honestly, it seems like the police agreed that like this was awful. And they, yeah. They felt bad for her. According to the press quote, police wanted to charge James but didn't because they felt she was suicidal. And that feeling was correct. A few days later, Cindy was actually admitted to the psychiatric ward of St. Paul's hospital where she was evaluated and eventually transferred to Riverview Hospital, which was another like mental hospital for inpatient treatment.


And that was after her brother Doug signed a petition to have her committed. So even family was starting to wonder like, what's, is something going on? Here's going here. And they, they felt she needed help either way she does. So throughout her hospitalization, the doctors at Riverview consulted regularly with Cindy's therapist, quote unquote Dr. Alex Conley. Yeah. That guy who said that he had been treating her since the first attack in her home. and he believed that she was quote, and this kind of comes out of nowhere anorexic and suicidal. Oh. Which I was like, okay. Helpful. Yeah. But he attributed Cindy's anxiety and depression to investigators failure to catch her stalker. But as author Anne Mulgrew points out, he did not tell them that police were of the firm opinion.


She was staging these events, which, what the fuck are you doing? Not giving them the full picture. And they need, like, even if you disagree with it, you can say like, I don't personally agree, but the police don't think this is actually happening. Yeah. You have to give the full picture because that, because that's going to inform how they approach those Yeah. And how they treat her. Yeah. Like that's pertinent information. So while she was at Riverview, she was assessed by the hospital staff at various points, including her initial assessment, which was performed by Dr. Wesley Friesen. Among, among other things, he described her as histrionic, suicidal, and requiring close observation because of her impulsive behavior. Wow. Now, so, and this is like from the, like from research.


Yeah. Somebody who's diagnosed as histrionic does sometimes like repeat behaviors for attention. Yeah. So this, he was of the mind, like in this moment it seems that he was in of the mind that this may have been her doing these things. Yeah. At the time of her admission, she was diagnosed with a paranoid disorder and major effective disorder with psychotic symptoms that caused her to become increasingly hypervigilant and knows herself that she has misinterpreted events because of this agitated state. See that, that makes sense to me. Yeah. Now, regardless of conley's bias reporting, Dr. Friesen quickly became suspicious of Cindy's frequent reports of harassment and attacks.


But he also acknowledged at the same time that it was difficult to get an accurate history from Cindy because of her agitation and her resistance to being treated. Yeah. It's a total double-edged sword. Right. On every front. It is. So before she was discharged from Riverside, she would be evaluated again this time by Dr. Soon Moche, who described her as quote, negativistic and conforming with unpredictable moods, pessimism, soulness, vacillating with social agreement and friendliness. Wow. In other words, basically Cindy responded to a given individual depending on whether she saw them to be a friend or an adversary who kind of didn't believe her.


No. Now, Dr. Choi was more direct than Dr. Friesen noting that Cindy appeared to be caught in a psychological cycle of engaging in this extreme behavior in order to escape feelings of being upset and feelings of instability. But these events never provided any lasting relief. And that's why they continued. 'cause she ramps 'em up. It was a cycle. It's like when you have, when you take medication Yes. Too much and you need more and more Yes. To get the, the feeling that you need to like, yeah. It's, it is like an addiction. Exactly. Dr. Charo, it is a picture of a paranoid schizophrenic patient with high levels of anxiety and depression. The psychotic features are evident. That's really sad.


It is sad. Now, although the harassing phone calls and letters did continue in the, in the years that followed her hospitalization at Riverside, there was only one more report of an assault. And that was in October of 1988. And during this assault, she was, or after it happened, she was found unconscious outside of her home. The fuck. According to her report, she claimed that she'd been assaulted, strangled, injected yet again with a drug. But once again, there was no physical evidence of this attack. Yeah. This is, it's just sad. Really sad. Now, the next notable incident occurred on April 8th, 1989 when a security guard at Richmond General Hospital where Cindy was working, he discovered a note consisting of, again, those cut and paste magazine letters.


That's so spooky. I fucking hate it. and he found this letter and it said, soon Cindy in those cut and paste letters. Fuck no. When she left work that afternoon, she reported to the same security guard that somebody had written Sleep Well on the dew in her windshield. Oh. Which is just chilling. Yeah. She appeared, obviously disturbed by the discoveries, but she didn't reply with the same level of alarm that she'd demonstrated in the past, I think, which she could just be at this point, like used to it. She's been living it. She's like, oh, oh great. Another one. Yeah. On May 25th, 1989, she went for some kind of cosmetic makeover in Vancouver. And then she went to Richmond General to pick up her paycheck.


Friends and coworkers who saw her that day recalled her being upbeat and happier than she'd been in years. That was the last anybody saw of Cindy. The la The very last time anybody saw her that day was when she deposited her paycheck at the bank. After that, she got into her car, drove off and disappeared. Wow.


The new Hulu original docuseries from DPLs Brothers Productions out there, crimes of the Paranormal dives into eight unsolved true crime cases with shocking links to the paranormal world. As each case unravels and unsettling, truth emerges, the pull of the supernatural is powerful. But sometimes real monsters walk among us, the perfect watch for every fan of true crime. All episodes of out there Crimes of the Paranormal are now streaming only on Hulu.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free, or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


So, on the evening of May 25th, 1989, she actually had plans with her neighbors to play Bridge. Her neighbors were Tom and Agnes Woodcock, and around 10:00 PM They still hadn't heard from her. So they knocked on our door, but nobody answered. This was strange because they saw her earlier that day. And also because her car was in the driveway. They finally became really alarmed when they peered into her car and they saw several bags of groceries on the passenger side seat and on the floor. And on the floor in the back. There was a Sears bag from her shopping trip that afternoon. And they became even more concerned when they looked down at the driver's side door and saw a quote unquote rust colored smear on the handle that they thought looked a lot like dried blood.


Oh boy. So this is fucking, yeah. Spooky not good. Now, after discovering the groceries in the car, they drove to the nearest department of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, who I'm gonna call the RCMP from this point forward. 'cause Damn, that's a fucking mouthful. Yeah, it's, but they reported to the RCMP, what they found being pretty familiar with Cindy's frequent reports, the RCMP dispatched officers to her house. And within a half hour, the entire scene had been cordoned off with police tape and crime scene technicians immediately got to work processing this entire scene. They took swabs of the rust colored substance on the door, which did ultimately turn out to be blood. And underneath the car, they discovered an ATM receipt showing that a deposit had been made into Cindy's bank account and the amount of 1000 $173.


And that was at 7:58 PM Okay. Inside the car, they found those four bags of groceries from the local Safeway. They found Cindy's purse, which was just sitting on the front seat. And inside her purse, they found two sets of keys to the house and to the car. So the car keys were literally right there. Huh. They found $277 in cash and her checkbook with every single check accounted for. Wow. Once the car was completely processed, it was towed to the police impound yard. but it just looked like she pulled up to go inside. but it just disappeared. Just like completely vanished. Yeah. Now, given that her purse, her keys were completely undisturbed, investigators were pretty much able to rule out robbery as the motive.


They also contacted all the local cab companies to see if maybe she had like hopped in a cab and gone somewhere. Yeah. Just didn't take anything with her. But none had been called. So. Hmm. That was strange. So they were like, okay, if she did leave, she had to have left with a friend or a possible abductor, maybe we're wrong here. Maybe the only choice here, this is really ramped up now, now believing they were searching for a missing person. The RCMP contacted the Canadian Coast Guard to conduct a search of the river while they handled the ground search inside her house. Nothing looked unusual. Nothing seemed out of place. It literally just looked like she pulled into the driveway and like we just said, disappeared into thin air.


Yeah. The next day she still hadn't been found. So the RCMP officer started making the notifications to friends and family and really started their formal investigation. And of course they started with the most likely suspect, her ex Roy Makepeace. Yes. Throughout the years of this repeated harassment and assault claims made by Cindy, his name was the only constant factor. Of course, they didn't have any other suspect whatsoever, and he wasn't even really a suspect. Yeah. Even if he wasn't always accused of anything specific, they still wanted to talk to him. And by that point, he was so used, he was like accustomed to being interviewed. So he was pretty unbothered by the intrusion. He said since his divorce from Cindy, he had become increasingly drawn into her life of just constant drama.


But he maintained, he wasn't responsible for any of it. And in the cases where he was present, he was only there to make sure she was safe. Yeah. Like when Pat McBride found him in the car with guns with like a gun, it was just to scare off an attacker if he saw one, which again, like And I, don't believe he had anything to do with this after see, like hearing everything, but, but it sus But you can understand them checking in on it because you're like, well that is what an attacker would say. Yeah, exactly. That I was just there with guns. 'cause I wanted to protect her. And this is literally the only place you have to go right now. Only. Yeah. So you might as well start there. Yeah. But he explained also to officers that he actually hadn't spoken to Cindy since that wired tapped phone call nearly four years earlier.


Oh, damn. Yeah. And more importantly, he was also able to account for his whereabouts for the entire previous day. It would've been impossible for him to object Cindy. Yeah. Now, during their interviews with Roy investigators noted, he didn't seem suspicious at all, and they genuinely believed that he didn't have anything to do with this. Yeah. In fact, despite everything that he'd been through with Cindy, like all of the, her saying that he chopped up bodies on vacation and talked about that killing people with crossbo. Exactly. Through all of that, he still believed that somebody had been harassing her, and genuinely thought she was in real danger. Wow. He even told police that as recently as that fall, he had gotten strange messages on his own answering machine, alluding to a previous arranged hit on Cindy, and he believed the mafia could have been involved.


Okay. That comes out of nowhere. It never goes anywhere. I was gonna say, does that pan out? It, it doesn't go anywhere. Okay. I don't think, yeah, I don't know about that. This isn't saying a mafia to me. I don know about that. I And, I'm also like, it doesn't ever sound like she like borrowed a ton of money or got caught up in that anywhere. No. Like, it would be a very, I'm like, why? Yeah. He seemed like a real heady kind of guy. Yeah. You know? Yeah. That's a good way of putting it. Yeah. But ultimately he was ruled out as a suspect. Now, within a few days, the news about Cindy's disappearance broke and all the local papers and journalists focused on what they described as quote dozens of complaints of harassment and Threats. In fact, at that point there was nearly 100 in total.


I believe it. Yeah. In an interview with a reporter, Cindy's father, Otto said on the day of his daughter's disappearance, that quote, Cindy called her friend and indicated, some people may think I'm paranoid, but I have a feeling I'm being, I have been being followed all week. Huh. Which is strange. Yeah. He told reporters it was possible that Cindy maybe lost her memory and just couldn't find her way home. But he admitted it was quote, more likely she has been abducted and held against her will, or possibly even dead. He said, we have to hope she's still alive. But I fear she will be in very poor shape when she is found. It's strange that he was like, maybe she lost her memory and just couldn't find her way home. It's like, what is that a, is that a normal occurrence?


Yeah. Like that wouldn't be my first thought. Thought. That wouldn't be my first thought either. If you weren't missing, I wouldn't be like, well, maybe she just completely lost her memory and can't find her way home. I thought that was, that wouldn't be a thought. I don't know if it was just because weird shit was happening all the time in Cindy's life. Well, and also I'm like, do you have an idea that maybe there's some mental illness happening that you're not really opening up about? Right. But that's a pretty good indicator of it. That's kind of what I thought. Yeah. And or maybe I mean she's claiming in the past that she's been injected with things. Maybe they had phone conversations with her where she sounded loopy or loopy, or she just telling them like, I've been injected, I've been hit over the head. So maybe they're like, she's got drama I mean they knew about the ordeals that she was going through, so, so there's that.


Yeah. It's strange. But on June 8th, just a few days after Otto gave his interview, his fears were completely realized. When a municipal works crew who was patching pavement discovered Cindy's body in this yard of an abandoned house. What a sad ending to this. It is. She was found about a mile from where she'd last been seen at the ATM, according to a neighbor who lived across the street from the house, an old man lived in a van behind that house, but otherwise it had been unoccupied for months. The neighbor said, God knows what else is in there, kind of indicating that it was like a popular spot with like kids and Yeah. Vagrants, that kind of thing. Ne dwells, ne dwells partying kids, you know? Yeah.


Now her body was discovered in the bushes along the edge of the property. She was fully clothed with her hands and feet tied behind her back with black nylon stalking. Like ho tied. Yeah. Keep using the stalking. Yes. Stalking. Again, there were signs of advanced decomp indicating that she'd been in the location for at least a few days. Her blouse was torn in certain places, but they said there was no other evidence of a struggle at the scene. I disagree. Her clo they, they also said her clothes didn't seem to have been disturbed, but I'm like, her blouse is torn. Yeah. So I would call that disturbed personally, but maybe they're thinking about, maybe the way it looks is like, it doesn't really look like it was disturbed. It's just like ripped.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's like a weird way of putting it. Mm. And there was no foreign material on her body, so that's a good thing. Mm. But despite the lack of evidence of a struggle, the pathologist noted that one of her fingers had scratched another, and this is a quote down to the bone. Fuck. I'm like, how is that even possible? Like one of her fingers had scratched the other one down to the bone. Huh. Which I'm like, is it possible that she scratched like a lot and then because of decomp it? Yeah. Maybe it just sped up the decomp to the bone. Maybe she was scratching to get out of the, the bindings binding, but I don't know, because we'll get there.


but it led her to theorize that Cindy had been alive when she was left in the yard. Otherwise there was no signs of violence. And at that point, no obvious cause of death. What the fuck? The autopsy was performed later that day by Dr. Sheila Carlisle at the Royal Columbian Hospital. And the first thing Dr. Car, Dr. Carlisle noticed was when she removed the binding, she said, quote, the ligature around one wrist was loose enough to be easily slipped off over the hand. Oh, shut up. And none of the binds on the wrists and ankles were tight enough to indent the skin. What? Yeah. That's very loose. Because immediately I was thinking was like what you said, was she scratching to get the bindings loose? But they were loose and they had to have been loose for quite some time because there was no indentation anywhere.


That's bizarre. Right? Bizarre. In fact, there was no bruising or injury on any part of her skin. What? Except for a small pin prick on the inner right arm, just below the elbow. And that was determined to be consistent with an injection from a hypodermic needle. What the fuck? Based on the insect activity, the pathologist believed that Cindy's body had been in the lot since probably at least June 2nd. but it was possible she'd been there ever since. She disappeared, so, wow. Earlier than June. But initially the cause of death was listed as asphyxiation. But when the toxicology report came back, Dr. Carlisle changed the cause of death to an overdose of morphine, lorazepam, and Diazepam.


Oh. Based on the examination of the stomach contents, Dr. Carlisle concluded Cindy had ingested the Lorazepam and the Diazepam, which are both sedatives in pill form. She was able to, to determine that, but Cindy didn't have a prescription for either of those things. So that was strange. That is weird. And then the morphine was also believed to have been ingested orally in liquid form. And although it was impossible to know for sure, Dr. Carlisle did theorize that the most likely cause of death was the Lorazepam in Cindy system. And she suspected that Cindy had ingested anywhere from 20 to 80 tablets of that holy shit. Under those circumstances, she would've had about 30 minutes before losing consciousness, and that would've been quickly followed by coma and then death.


So it's unclear just how it happened. But within a day of the body being identified as Cindy James, the press started poured reporting that RCMP officers were investigating the death as a quote unquote elaborate suicide. Whoa. Which given how she had been found was very hard to swallow for the public, because of course, nobody believed that she could have possibly hog tied herself. But when you, with the bindings being so loose. Yeah. And I mean the medical examiner said she could slip a handout and they were so loose that they didn't leave indentations. Exactly. She's, she's also a healthcare worker, and those were sedatives, which I'm sure she, she had access I mean it's an awful access to think about that.


Like she took an enormous amount of sedatives to basically pass out, fall asleep, and then die there overdose where she couldn't move. Basically. I, it's hard to believe. It is hard to believe It really is. Even when you lay it out logically and say like, sure. Absolutely. It could have been because the the evidence leads you, you up to it. Right. It's hard to believe it really is. I mean. Well, and there's no other case that I've heard of quite like this because then you think of the other side of it where you're like, if someone forced medication down her throat Yeah.


To, and then just left her there, make her pass out an overdose and left her bound and made it, did it loose on purpose. 'cause they knew she was gonna die anyway. And she, but it's like, where did that finger thing come in where she was like scratching her finger down to a bone? Like that part is, that's the part that's hard to, I don't know. I just, I can't make heads or tails of any of it. I can't either. I can't either. But either way, the reports of the suicide theory seemed completely preposterous to anybody who knew anything about Cindy's ordeal over the previous decade. And even the work crew who, who found her flatly, rejected that idea. One of the workers told her reporter, this definitely wasn't a suicide. You couldn't possibly put yourself in that position, which you couldn't.


I can see why he would think that. Yeah. I mean, I can't imagine finding somebody like that and then somebody being like, oh yeah, they did that to themselves. Yeah. I'd be like, no, they didn't. No way. But when you think about the loose bindings, she very much could have. Yeah. Now, in the absence of an official story from the RCMP, the press took complete control of the narrative and they shifted their attention to what they perceived as a complete failure on the part of law enforcement to protect Cindy. Despite the years and years of complaints that she was filing. One friend told a reporter, the cops just never believed her. And in an op-ed for The Province Vancouver reporter, Patracia Graham wrote, I feel disgusted in anger, sadness, and regret that we let Cindy down so badly. Cindy James tried everything possible to protect herself.


She went to Vancouver and Richmond, R-R-C-M-P. Repeatedly, she did her best, but she still lived in terror for eight years. Worse, she had to live through her personal hell, knowing that she was doubted that she was suspected of inflicting this on herself, that her terror was not recognized or validated I mean. Yeah. That's, you can't, you bounce back and forth between how fucking terrible both sides of this coin are, no matter what the outcome is or what the process and journey of this whole thing was. Yeah. It's fucking awful. It is. It's just no matter what, she was living in a state of terror of either her own minds making or reality. And no matter what, she was being doubted the entire time. It's like we said, it's just no way to live. Horrible.


Horrible. No way to live. Horrible. But while the press continued their outpouring of sympathy for Cindy and cons, the considerable criticism of the RCMP investigators were learning a little bit more about Cindy's life. And the weeks leading up to her death, the medical examiner's report strongly indicated that she could have staged the entire scene herself loose bindings. Those drugs could have been voluntarily ingested. Yeah. And the pin prick on her arm was believed to have been the result of Cindy actually withdrawing blood from herself to wipe it on the driver's side door. Whoa. Which is wild to think of anybody doing, but it is possible, especially when they're saying that the drugs in her system weren't ingested. Not injected. Especially orally.


That's the thing. Yeah, exactly. Moreover, in their interview with Dr. Friesen, they learned that Cindy had spoken frequently of suicide in recent sessions, and she had been hoarding huge amounts of medication that he had been prescribing her in the months before her death. Oh, geez. Yes. And, two months before her death, she had actually stopped taking her medication. And this is so sad. According to Friesen, she stopped taking it because the mortgage rate was going to go up and she couldn't afford the prescription cost. How fucked up is that? It's fucked up that that's I mean. This was like 20 something years ago or or 40 actually. And it's happening. And it's still happening. You choose to keep a roof over your head or to take the medication that you need, that you need, you have to choose. Right. Like, that should not be any other choice.


That's insane. That should just, you should be able to have both. Yeah. But the hacks, when they got to Cindy's house actually flushed all the pills that they discovered there. Why? I am not sure that's, that's weird. It's weird. I don't know. It's such strange behavior. I don don't know. don don't wanna speculate. I just don't know. Yeah. I mean it as people do strange things when they're grieving. People do things to make sure that somebody does not a certain way. In a certain way, in certain way. Like be perceived. Yeah. So like, yes, but no. Like you can't do that. Yeah. Like especially when you think she was possibly being like, don don't know. You just don't get rid of anything.


I know. But yeah. I don't know. Again, people do do odd things when they're grieving. That's the thing. But the medication was not the only discouraging discovery that they made when they searched her home. While going through Cindy's belongings, a family member found a glass cutter, a kit containing a syringe, IV equipment, a urinary catheter and saline solution. And then in one of her sewing kits, they found an unopened needle and syringe. Oh no. Yeah. I mean that's concerning all of that. It's strange. I mean the last cutter. That's the thing. I was, I was just gonna say the syringe. She works in healthcare. So like, I guess you could have some of these things.


I don don't know. I don know why you, your person have them. Like why I mean not on your person, but don don't know why they're in your house. But a glass cutter what I mean? What's more important is she has access to these things. Exactly.


Life doesn't happen biweekly. So why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with Earnin. Earnin is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to a hundred dollars per day, or up to $750 per pay period. Just download the, earn an app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. I feel like Earnin is the most amazing thing because so many unexpected things happen in life. Like, you know, an unexpected trip to the vet, car problems, things like that. Even just like the beginning of the school year could be crazy. And you gotta go school shopping and you're like, oh my God, I need my money earlier. So you can get that with Earnin in those moments when money isn't moving as fast as your dreams are. Earnin provides the financial momentum you need to keep moving forward. They say time waits for no one and neither should payday to keep your money moving in the direction of your dreams. Get earnin, download earnin today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download earnin app, type in Morbid under podcast when you sign up, it'll really help the show Morbid under podcast, subject to your available earnings location daily max and pay period max. See earnin.com/tos for details. earnin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Bank products are issued by Evolve Bank and Trust member FDIC.


But despite all the newly discovered evidence, actually, and this was surprising to me, Dr. Friesen still had a hard time believing that Cindy had actually taken her own life. He told investigators, I saw her the week before she disappeared, and she was the best I've ever seen her, the most positive, the most optimistic I've ever seen her I mean that happens. That's, that's a, that happens a lot. It happens that it's like a, it's horrible to think about and it's chilling to think about, but there's like sometimes this moment of clarity and peace that comes before something really tragic like this. Yeah. He said that she had renewed her interest and commitment to reporting the incidents of harassment that she was going through. He said she felt confident that everything was actually gonna be resolved soon, which very chilling.


That's chilling. Thinking that, yeah. That was a discussion that was had right before that. And given her mo, her mood and her future orientation, he just couldn't accept the theory that the RM RCMP was put forth. He said Cindy would not kill herself unless it was accidental. You know, if it was an accidental suicide. I could understand that. I don't know if, you can't really say that with definitive. No, I think you're not in someone's head. You can't say they absolutely would not have done that. You can say I'm, I'm finding it hard to believe that Yes, she would have, but I'm not in her brain. I think he cared about her on like a deep level. And. I. I'm not saying on an inappropriate level. Yeah. You mean like just cared about her wellbeing? What?


I think he really cared about her and it was a shock Yeah. That this had happened. And I mean he's her doctor who's treating her that that hurts, that know, of course he didn't like he, I'm sure he felt like he didn't see the signs properly, you know? Yeah. Like he wanted to help and he felt like he didn't, or that he would've seen the signs, so there's no way he could've missed it. Yeah. But on July 12th, after more than a month of investigation, the RCMP reported that they were officially ruling out fowl play and that Cindy's death was going to be labeled a suicide, according to Dr. Tony Marcus, who actually evaluated Cindy several times and consulted with the investigators. Cindy James was a quote, and this is a quote, a borderline personality who weaved a tremendous plot to be the center of attention.


That's a quote, quote, quote, quote, quote. I'm not saying that. He said that quote from a doctor, a quote. Yes. He also allowed for the possibility that she was telling the truth. But he said, based on his experiences with her, he's a doctor who's treating her and the abject lack of evidence, he felt it was just highly unlikely. Yeah. That she was telling the truth. Although the RCMP ordered a coroner's inquest to determine the circumstances of Cindy's death, the investigator's official conclusion was a disappointment to the hack family. Of course it was. Otto Hack told the reporters, the RC MP's explanation didn't satisfy me at all. There's a murderer out there somewhere. And I can totally understand that too, because I mean that's her father. No one is, and who's even sure of this.


I'm not, you know, initially the inquest was scheduled for October 12th, 1989, but of course it got pushed back several times and it didn't begin until late February, 1990. And his opening remarks, Coroner Gerald Tilley told the jury that the inquest would cover the 90 reported incidents of harassment between 82 and 89. So this is literally, what's that? Six years, seven years for this. And they said there would be special attention paid to the circumstances obviously, of Cindy's death in May of 1989. And this inquest was only scheduled to last for 15 days. Keep that in mind. The first witness to testify was Cindy's one time boyfriend, pat McBride. and he told the jury that she quote, hinted to him that her former husband may have been responsible for a series of strange in incidents involving harassing phone calls, letters, various incidents of vandalism.


He said, she led me to believe that a certain person may be involved. Her husband, Dr. Roy Makepeace. He also explained that he had caught Roy Makepeace lurking in the area around her house on more than one occasion. But he could also at the same time, never establish any evidence that Roy was responsible for this harassment. And it's like, and she's telling everyone else that he couldn't be the person. Yes. But she's telling Pat McBride and he suspect it is him. Right. Like what's going on? Yeah. Now, pat McBride's testimony established the onset of the incidents and who Cindy suspected may have been to blame, but it also highlighted the extent that law enforcement questioned these claims. Yeah. Pretty much from the beginning.


He was one of several witnesses who acknowledged that Cindy seemed thoroughly resistant to taking any steps to protect or remove herself from the situation. Especially after, like I said, she started giving her unlisted phone number out to multiple people. Yeah. Within weeks of having it changed, McBride said the advice was coming from someone with a vested interest in making sure she was secure. I didn't like the idea. She was turning my ideas to not, so he's saying, like, I was telling her, don't do that. Don't be giving out this information. You don't know who this person is. And she still was his partner. Andy Richards also testified, telling the jury that he believed Cindy had used a set of Pat McBride's wire cutters to cut the phone line while he was living in the house.


Holy shit. Yeah. So she, again, she had access to things that could have done that. And that's his partner, like another cop. Yeah. Now, although the RCMP and other agencies were obviously prohibited from speaking publicly while this inquest was going on, it didn't take a formal statement to figure out that there were several very valid reasons for believing that Cindy could have been responsible for st all of this. A lot of the investigators who testified noted that there was an almost near absolute lack of evidence to support these claims. And despite the countless hours of formal and informal surveillance, I can never say surveillance. Surveillance, I always say surveillance, but none of the investigators ever saw anybody suspicious on or near her property.


That's that's wild. Like, and in like in part one, I said years of constant surveillance and years, this person's just a ghost. Yeah. Or these people. And like, if you remember in part one I said that I think it was like neighbors had seen of strange unknown men. Yeah. Like un unidentified men. Yeah. In the neighborhood, how many times have you seen somebody you don't recognize in your neighborhood? Yeah. And been like, who the fuck is that? But it's just like a guy, but it's just like some dude walking his dog. So it's like it absolutely could be something. Or it could be nothing. Could be nothing. Exactly. But there was also the matter of the failed polygraph. Oh my God. I can't say polygraph And I can't say surveillance.


See, couldn't do that either. I always say Yance don don't know what that's about. But there was the matter of the failed polygraph examinations when, here we go again. Polygrapher Polygrapher Vic Farmer testified he told the jury that the results indicated that she was Cindy was lying or lying in part about the attack in January, 1983. And he said when she was confronted with these results, she responded by grabbing his arm and saying, Vic, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. and he said, when she's finally, that's interesting. Yeah. He said, when she finally collected herself, she changed various parts of her story, but then refused to take a third polygraph exam. Hmm. Sergeant Cal Hood, who administered a polygraph exam after the incident in 1984, reported a similar outcome where he suspected Cindy of being deceitful.


Also included on the witness list were a number of doctors and psychologists and psychiatrists who had treated Cindy over the years, including Dr. Cho, Dr. Cha, excuse me, Dr. Marcus, Dr. Friesen and Dr. Tursen. He was a psychiatrist from Riverview. And in his testimony, Dr. Tursen told the jury that Cindy was capable of intense attraction and intense rage at rejection. And that could have caused her to lash out in strange and irrational ways to try to garner sympathy and attention while also getting back at whoever she felt like had wronged her, no matter how irrational that belief might be. Wow. Like she might see it that somebody wronged her.


Like, and this is just an example, like Roy wronged her I mean he did, he hit her. Yeah. So she may have done something like this to get back at him. Yeah. And or garner sympathy. That makes sense. Was this doctor's belief. Okay. Now the RCMP and medical examiner's case for suicide was a strong one, but the authorities were hardly unanimous. In their opinion. Among those who were not in favor of the suicide theory was Dr. Joseph Noon, a forensic psychiatrist who was hired to review Cindy's medical record. He heavily criticized several of the medical providers, including Dr. Conley. Me too. Which I'm sure you can imagine why, but he called them arm armchair psychiatrists. and he said their meddling in Cindy's treatment had potentially compromised the case to the point that they might never find the truth.


I mean some of them were treating her though. What's that? Some of them were treating her like in Riverview. Yeah. But then, so it's like, I don't know if they were meddling they were treating her. I don't think he was like, he wasn't criticizing all of them. He was criticizing a, some of them a Yeah, a small. Okay. Because I was like, Dr. Connolly Sure. Criticize. Yeah, exactly. But I'm like, don don't know. Like the police, when she was being treated in a place, it's like, yeah, they're just treating her And I. And like Dr. Friesen seemed like he was doing a good job. Dr. Cha. Yeah. Seemed a little more intense than Dr. Friesen, but still seemed like he was, he still seemed like he was like in it. Yeah, exactly. Interesting. But while noon clearly disagreed with several of Cindy's supporters, it didn't mean he agreed with authorities.


He said that her medical records actually read very clean. But he was in agreement with Dr. Friesen believing that Cindy was likely being harassed by an unknown party. And that resulted in depression, anxiety, and paranoia, not the other way around. Interesting. Not that she was paranoid and therefore making this all up in her head. Believed that she was. Yeah. But he believed actually this was happening and that's why she was feeling this way. Okay. Among Cindy's most vocal defenders was her private security guard, Ozzy Kaban, who just really seems like a sweetheart. I know he's very out there, but he seems like a sweetheart. Oh, he's out there a little bit. Okay. We'll see. He told the jury he just couldn't believe that she had staged every incident of stalking and harassment.


Not only 'cause she seemed super genuine, but also because of what he believed was strong evidence that supported her claims, specifically with regard to the alleged 1984 kidnapping where she was abducted by those two people in the van and like injected with something. Yeah. He told the jury that he investigated the area where she said everything went down where she got abducted and he found that quote, the ground was disturbed and there were dragging marks. Okay. Which is interesting. Yeah. You could make that yourself. He's a private security guard. So I'm like, yeah, it doesn't hold a lot of weight. Exactly. Now, after two weeks, the inquiry shifted. Its attention to Cindy's relationship, of course, with her ex-husband, Roy Makepeace, like, I think I said at the top of this, the harassment began within weeks of her separation from Roy.


Yeah. and he had been a regular feature in the reports from an early phase of the investigation in name, if not in presence. While many witnesses steered clear of accusing him of any wrongdoing, there was a strong inference that he was involved. In fact, the jury heard about that hypnosis session where she accused him of chopping Yeah. An explosive one. Yeah. Where she accused him of chopping up bodies with an ax, though the hypnotist knowledge that it was possible, she just believed the incident was real in her mind, which is also scary. Yeah, absolutely. Like, what the fuck. But also that sucks for him if it was just like a scenario that her mind created. Yeah. Real or not, though. Her sister actually added credibility to that story when she testified that Cindy had also told her about this alleged murder in 1984, where Roy allegedly used a hatchet to quote, cut off a limb and spread blood on Cindy's face warning her, I could easily do this to you two.


I'm sorry, what? Melanie, it should be noted that this was the first time any member of law enforcement had heard Melanie hack's story about this. And it was completely unverified. Yeah. 'cause where are, where were you? What is going on? I like, you're literally just bringing this up. It was just something that Cindy may have reiterated to her and she just, you know, said, you know, now's the time to share that. Now's the time to share that. Now after she's like, she's been going through all this harassment and stalking and like attacks and everything, and it's like you, you gotta tell the police. Yeah. Wow. I mean, I think the hypnotist told the police and they investigated it, but there was no evidence that this occurred.


Yeah. But it's like, what? Why aren't you saying anything, Melanie? Wild. Well, now, surprisingly, Roy never actually testified during the inquest, but his words did make it into the record in the form of that recorded phone call. Oh yeah. The wiretap. Yeah. It, he also had a nearly six hour interview with Belize, which was also recorded, and that was after the attack in 1984. And in his interview with Detective Bower Smith, he could be heard expressing his fears that he actually believed Cindy was trying to frame him. and he was disappointed that he was suspected of all of this. Hmm. He told the detective, firstly, I could not believe I was a suspect, let alone the only suspect. Everything I said was twisted. Now, in the end, he actually received I mean, like no sympathy from the investigators.


I mean on fair counts. Yeah. Because I mean they thought he was strange, first of all. Which it sounds like he was a strange character, but also he had admitted to spousal abuse. Yeah, exactly. So it's like, I don't know. Yeah. You've lost it for me. That's the thing. But then at the same time, doesn't get a murderer, but it makes you a shit person. Yeah, exactly. But at the same time, they did see that he seemed unwaveringly committed to protecting Cindy, at least, especially in the early years. Yeah. Before they cut off contact. But regardless of how they felt about him personally, there was was just no evidence connecting him to the crimes. And by the time Cindy recorded their phone call in 1985, it was clear that he just wanted nothing to do with this anymore. Now, like I said, initially the coroner's request was scheduled for 15 days, but by the time it concluded on May 25th, 1990, it dragged on for more than three months.


And at this point became the most expensive inquest in Canadian's history. Damn. Yeah. In the course of hearing testimony from almost 75 witnesses and reviewing countless documents, the jurors were told two versions of events. One that strongly supported the belief that Cindy had taken her own life. And another where the evidence was a great deal, more ambiguous and at least gestured toward the possibility that, you know, maybe she was telling the truth about having a stalker. Yeah. And an attacker, some of the testimony, like I said, Ozzy Kaban is a little out there. He believed that Cindy was murdered in a satanic ritualistic sacrifice. Oh, come on Ozzy.


He lost me there. He lost me, man. Yeah. That testimony, I was already wavering there. That lost me. Yeah. That testimony was given very little credence. That's fairly good. But other witnesses, including the various doctors who testified that she may have taken her life, obviously that was taken very seriously. But in the end, the jury could not determine what had led to the end of Cindy James' life. And the official circumstances of her death was revised from suicide to undetermined. Wow. Yeah. For the jury, the inquest was particularly stressful. Juror Shirley Alt said, I not only cried myself to sleep, but I cried in the courtroom too. I can't imagine. Because they had to see tons of graphic photographs.


I mean they saw the position that she was found in. Yeah. All these like crazy descriptions of violence. And they also spent months listening to conflicting opinions and testimony that at times became really, really heated. Oh, yeah. I'm sure. And then, you know, this woman died tragically either way. So they felt this task to figure out what happened. Yeah. but it was an emotional rollercoaster. She had such a sad life. Yeah. And another juror said, there were all shades of grays. No. Black and white. In the end, you felt, you knew Cindy, your heart just ached for the girl. Yeah. When it came time to deliberate, they spent more than three hours just arguing with one another. There was two jurors in favor of suicide, and then there was three in favor of undetermined.


Okay. Jury foreman. And Len Rogers said it boils down to nothing. Nothing firm pointed to suicide. So many things were just speculation. That's the thing. You can just, it's a double-sided coin here. Yeah. I could, I don't think I could've, yeah. Ever made a decision. And in the end, they were right. There was no evidence to prove that Cindy had taken her life and there was no evidence that she had been murdered. Just like the 90 reports of harassment in her past. The truth seemed to just allude everybody. But what we do know is that no matter what it's like we've been saying this entire time, this was a fucking nightmare life. Whether it was mental illness or stalking, she was a victim. Yeah. She was absolutely a victim of something, whether it be mental illness or a deranged fucking stalker.


That it's just I mean it's possible. Like, I'm not saying it's not Absolutely. It's just not. It's just so hard to imagine like this level of Yeah. Planning and commitment. And commitment and, and a ability to just never be seen or detected in any physical way ever. Like, there was never one shred of evidence left. But I mean that happens. You know? Like it's very few and far between, but it happens. Yeah. But I think it's still an important story to tell because who knows, she could have been murdered and if she was, then this person completely got away with it. Yeah. 'cause no matter she was a victim of something. Hopefully I just want somebody to like find a box with all the documents.


Right. And comb through them, comb and through Just. find one thing that points to the actual answer that can point to either way. Yeah. Just give, give them something. 'cause you feel bad, it's just, yeah. It's an awful tragic tale no matter what way it spins. Right. but it would be nice to have some answers. I'm sure everybody who loved her goes back and forth all the time in their own heads, you know, like, what the fuck happened here? Neither outcome is a good one. So it's like, no, how awful it is. It's an awful case, but a very, very interesting one. It is. I've never, like I said, I think I said it earlier, I've never heard of a case quite like this. No. It's very, very unique and very bizarre. If you know, very tragic, let us know, because I found this fascinating. Tragic, but fascinating.


Yeah. If you know of another one like this, it would, it would be interesting to look into. Yeah, definitely suggest it. I also looked up the pronunciation for Polygrapher polygrapher. Polygrapher Polygrapher. Polygrapher. I mean that could just be real. Doesn't just feel wrong. It does feel wrong. It just feels like when I'm reading And I accidentally read photographer instead of photographer. Photographer. Do you ever do that? Yep. Polygrapher. But then this person says, yeah, polygrapher polygrapher. I guess you prefer, you probably say both. Prefer I like Polygrapher. I like polygrapher. It's fun. Yeah. Well, we hope we keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Weird, but not so weird that we ever find the difference between polygrapher and Polygrapher.


Never.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


And now a next level moment from at t business. Say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at T 5G, so you're fully confident but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease, so the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly. Especially you at T 5G requires a compatible plan and device 5G is not available everywhere. See att.com/ 5G for you for details.