
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


I've got the perfect Labor Day Morbid watch for you guys. It's called Born Evil, the Serial Killer and the Savior. I don't even know where to start with this story, but it centers around the serial killer Hadden Clark, and he's probably the most twisted serial killer you haven't heard of. He's confessed and provided evidence to killing several people, but they say he could have over a hundred victims. Hadden has this alter ego who he refers to as Kristen and will get into Kristen's character to kill other women. And the main reason they got all this evidence in the first place is because Hadden thought his cellmate was Jesus Christ. So he told his Jesus Doppel gang or cellmate about all of these gruesome details about his murders.


Also, apparently evil runs in the family because his brother also murdered someone. Wow. I'll be watching and listener should too. Born Evil, the serial killer and the Savior. It's an ID true crime event, and it premieres Monday, September 2nd at 9:00 PM Watch on ID or stream on Max. Seriously set your DVR or a reminder. Everyone will be talking about this one.


Hey. everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava. Hands down. The best thing I've found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut, acai. Coconut. Acai is also really good. I like to drink Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours and two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's KACH A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena And. this Is Morbid. This is Morbid. I hate carbonated water. Were you making fun of me? No, unintentionally. Were you making fun of me? I wasn't. I just took a sip of this water that I just found in the fridge, which was really bold of me. Then wasn really old of Me. No bold. I said old of me Like old people.


Just find, I mean, old people do just be finding things in the fridge, so Fair enough. That's very ancient of me. Very bold of me to just grab this water. It is old as well, but it's water. So, but anyway, it's gross. I don't like it. And I know why It's no, I do know why. It's the carbonation. It's Definitely just that. If you drink, does water go bad? No. No. Okay. So if you drink carbonated water, I don't trust you. Mikey's dying. You drink sparkling water. That's different. That is. That is spark. No, No, no. It's sparkling.


Carbonated water. Yeah. Different sparkling, carbonated. Yeah. They're all the same. They're all sparkling. This is way more, this is way more. Do you guys hear her trying To get This? Would you like a sip? It's horrible. I'm sorry. I need to add my mic In. I need The people to hear me. I need to defend myself. Not Only did she call me old last week, it's true on the re watcher. I didn't call you old now. Just a mal. I didn't didn't call you old. I asked if you had ever taken a Scantron test. She, there's a difference. Essentially said, were you around when cars were invented? You know what's actually crazy is you still haven't answered the question of were you around during Scantron tests?


Of Course, they've been around since like The seventies. I didn't know that. I thought they were new because one, no, genuinely, one day we were taking regular tests like circle A, B, C, or D, like just on the paper. And then all of a sudden in high school, they were like, we have to conserve paper. So we got this smaller paper for you and we're going to give you a test. And this paper, do not circle the answers on the big packet. Only put them on the Scantron. So I said, oh, these must be new. And that's sparkling water and Scantrons balance. Well, I can, I can tell you an a thing about being old. What's up? I could tell you a thing or two.


I'll Tell you about being old. We were at Storyland recently was with my family. Got out. I certainly wasn't. But The things you do when you, when you get kids, I Know. That's how the kids put it. That's how they put it. But we were there and there's this ride. It's like this little, it's like in a fire. It's like got fire trucks outside of it. It's Like in a fire. It's like in a fire. Feels like it's in a fire to be quite Honest. It's in the middle of hell. Would I rather be in a fire? Maybe. But it's, I really don't like theme parks. But That's so Unhinged that then wasn a joke. Everybody, but look it up. These fire trucks are like the old timey fire trucks outside of the ride.


And so one of my girls was like, oh, what are these? And I was like, oh, this is what firetruck used to look like. And she goes, mama, is this what firetruck look like when you were little? Was that the Littlest? And I, And, I said, baby. Oh no, these Are like from 1910. Wait, I not What they looked like and no, it wasn't my, it wasn't even my littlest. That's, that's the rub. Middle or oldest? Oldest. Wow. Yeah, I would put that on Middlest or littlest. Yeah. Middlest or littlest. Yeah. Ask me like old timey firetruck. Damn. Hold on. I'm looking up a picture. Like the ones you see in parades. Oh, fuck yeah. Like the ones you see in parades. She Said, did they, the mama, did they look like this in the eighties?


Yeah. Did they look like this when you were little? I was like, Nope. Damn. They sure. I was like, no. They just looked like regular firetrucks when I was little. I'm not that old. Well, What's fucking crazy is our kids are like, wow, you were born in the 19 hundreds. 19 hundreds. Yeah. I don't have kids, but my kids will say that someday day too. I feel like all of 'em, I'm like, our kids are like, all our kids Are saying That people are like, Ash, you don't have 'em. Well, speaking of, Can't really segue That. No, it's not segue. I tried How did, didn't, that's why we drink. Say it Sagu. It's not sable. It's not sable. I have a more recent case. It's not old. Ha it's not old. There You go.


It is from the 19 hundreds. So sorry. So I Guess it is a little old. It's a little bit old. It's older Than the, the nineties, right? Yeah. It's the nineties. It's older than me a little bit, but it's a cold case and it's a very interesting case. I don't, oh, no, actually, I'm sorry, I don't have your username, but I, the, the reason I found this is because I saw somebody on comments be like, oh, you should cover this. Oh, hey. So hey, somebody who said that I'm covering, thank you for saying That. Yeah, thank you for saying that. I should have written your name down, but I am who I am. I don't know your username, but you rule, you know who you are. Exactly. Yeah. It's, it, it's just me. It's how I rule. It's just me. But as you could tell from the title, we're gonna be talking about The Disappearance of the Springfield Three.


It is a very like chilling, haunting case. Yeah. I only know the, the, the gist of this case. Yeah. And it's always fascinated me. Yeah, It is. I, I had heard the name before, but I didn't know any details whatsoever. And it's just creepy. Yeah. So let's get into it. Let's, on the afternoon of Saturday. What? I said, let's do it. Sorry, What? I said it as you began and I was like, uhoh in my head. I was like, oh, no, you're talking while she's talking. She's talking and People, and she's gonna say what, what? On the afternoon of Saturday, June 6th, 1992, friends and relatives of Kickapoo High Schools graduating senior class gathered at, I think it's the Hammonds Student Center for the graduation ceremony.


So everybody was getting together, graduating, you know? Yeah. The vitamin C song was playing even though it hadn't happened yet. Is that The, like, as We grow old, as we go, not as we grow old. I think it's as we go on, we remember That reminds me of the end of Laguna Beach. Yes. Well, But, but that hadn't happened yet. No. Anyway, Among the graduates were 19-year-old Susie Streeter and her best friend, 18-year-old Stacy McCall. When the ceremony wrapped up later that afternoon, they made a quick stop at home to change into some more casual clothes. And then you remember you headed out to go to all the senior parties? The graduating parties. Oh, the grad parties. Yeah. Why didn't I remember what then wasn called the senior parties.


The senior parties. So for Susie and Stacey, the first stop that night was at the home of their friend and fellow graduate Janelle Kirby. She lived in Battlefield, Missouri, just outside of Springfield. So then wasn like a little bit further away, but not crazy. Earlier that day, they all made plans to meet up at Janelle Kirby's house that night. And then they were gonna walk to a party. then wasn being held at the home of another student nearby. Okay. So they were really just gonna be like making their rounds that night, going to a couple different parties. And then the plan was to drive to Branson and get a hotel room. They were gonna meet some more friends, kind of hang out. And then the next morning they were all gonna be going to a waterpark together. However, just a few hours into the evening, Janelle Kirby called her mom to say that they actually changed their minds.


And instead of getting a hotel room, they were gonna go to a few more parties and leave for Branson in the morning instead. Okay. So after a little while, all three girls moved from the party in Battlefield to another grad party back in Springfield around two in the morning. After bouncing around between all the parties, the three girls ended back up at Janelle Kirby's house. So they were gonna be staying at Janelle's for the night. But when they got there, they realized that her house was full of relatives who had come into town for the graduation. And Susie and Stacey didn't wanna impose on their friend's family. It would've been like really tight quarters. Anyway, so they decided to go to Susie's house, and Susie had just gotten a king size waterbed delivered as a graduation gift from her mom.


And she was really, really excited to show her friend, Dude, water beds were the shit. Holy shit. I will never forget yours as long as I live. Yes. And it, everyone's parents had waterbeds. I remember all my friend's parents had like those wily water beds that felt like you were like in the middle of the ocean. Remember? You Could like hear it like you would like flop onto your bed and Oh Yeah. It literally then wasn like, like it Why then wasn crazy. Why did we all think this was great? And Remember when yours started leaking? Yeah. And then wasn gone. So it's bad news bears when it starts leaking. That's when you gotta get outta, you gotta get outta Dodge at that point. Yeah. It's like Kristen Cavalier. Yeah. And Laguna Beach. Your waterbed is Gonzo. It's Donezo Donezo.


It's Donezo Donezo. But Yeah. How freaking cool is that, that her mom got her a water, a king-sized water bed for graduation. That's the best. So Susie was like, I gotta show this to Stacey. So honestly, this works out. So a little after 2:00 AM Janelle Kirby waved goodbye to her friends as they pulled out of the driveway. And unfortunately that would be the last time she would see Stacey or Susie again. So let's talk a little bit about both girls. Susie Streeter was born in March of 1973. She was a pretty typical teenager with a somewhat atypical history. She was raised by a single mother who was working with a limited income. The family had actually moved from spring to Springfield from Seattle in 1980.


And not long after Susie's mother, Cheryl ended up marrying her stepfather. Don Levitt. Their relationship lasted nine years, but they ended up getting divorced in 1989. And according to friends Susie quote, seldom talked about her father or her stepfather who had left town after the couple divorced and hadn't been heard from since. Oh yeah. Interesting. Sounds like kind of a poo Head. Yeah. While Her relationship with her stepfather doesn't really appear to have had any kind of big influence on her life, her relationship with her mother was always strong. And Cheryl, her mom was a constant source of support for Susie at the time of their disappearance. Janelle Kirby's mother Kathy told reporters, Susie's very protective of her mother and vice versa.


Hmm. So like they really looked out, despite the support she had at home, Susie did struggle pretty often at school. She had a learning disorder that made her feel like she was something of an outsider. And she also felt like she didn't really have a lot of friends. Aw. I know. That's so Bad. Which all of these women, like the two girls and the mom are gorgeous. So the fact that she felt like an outsider, I'm like, no. Yeah, Uhuh, You're smart and great and beautiful. But family friend Janet Olivera said she was a very sensitive girl. She felt like she wasn't part of the in crowd, but what she did lack in quantity of friends was definitely made up for in quality. Particularly her best friend Stacy McCall. Which I think is more important.


I think so too. So I think you realize that the older You get, you do. Yeah. It's literally, it's, that's the thing. It's the, you do realize that probably a little too late in life. More most of the time. Yeah. But it's, it is. It's the quality. You don't need a bunch. No. You need a handful as If you have pick and choose. If they, isn't that like an old saying of like, if you can count your friends, your friends, on one hand you're lucky. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So we're fucking lucky Every, you guys are so lucky. We have two friends in this room right now. Hell yeah. Thank you for being A friend. Yeah. Anyway, Don don't know what's up. Anyway, it's the Golden Girl theme song. It's the carbonated sparkling water. It is the old carbonated sparkly water.


Exactly. But like Susie Streeter Stacey was a quintessential 1980s American teenager. She was obsessed with fashion. She loved tanning, she loved music. Metallica, oh hey. Was her favorite. Along with Garth Brooks. I just went to the Metallica concert And I thought then wasn a good way to slip that in. Yeah. Then wasn awesome. And she was described by many people as bubbly and outgoing. Aw. Yeah. Although they were a year apart in age, Susie's learning disability had put her in the same grade as Stacy. And they became fast friends at actually a young age. They met like, it seems like in grade school. Yeah. Throughout elementary school. Stacy, Susie, and Janelle, the one that they were hanging out with earlier, they were inseparable.


And they spent almost every afternoon and every evening together. But when Stacey was 11 years old, her family moved outta state for a few years. And when they returned, they kind of had drifted apart a little bit. Actually, they had only recently reconnected and become close again in the months before graduation. Oh. So During her senior year, Susie was actually living with her older brother Bart. About halfway through the school year though, they got into a quote unquote heated argument. And a few months before graduation, she ended up moving back in with her mother Cheryl. Huh? Yeah, it, I couldn't find like a lot about. Yeah, it's probably hard to. Yeah. But anyway, she moved back in with Cheryl Sherill. Levitt was really happy to have Susie move back into the house.


They had always been super close, like I said, really protective of each other. In the few years since she had gotten the divorce, Cheryl had rented out a room to single tenants in the house to subsidize her income. 'cause she was a hairstylist, but she wanted to bring in some more income. Yeah. So she was never really lonely 'cause there was always somebody living at the house. But those relationships obviously were nothing compared to the one that she had with her daughter. Yeah, of Course. So she, they really didn't have a lot. But Cheryl worked really, really hard for everything they did have. And she was also always happy to spend a little extra money on her daughter. Oh, like the king size waterbed. She bought her. Yeah. Other than her daughter. Cheryl had a few close friends, but after her divorce in 1989, she didn't date.


She really didn't socialize much. Instead she was focusing on some home renovations around that time. She had been slowly completing them around the house. In her free time. Friend, Janet Olivera said she didn't know how to fix half the stuff, but she taught herself, Damn, isn't that cool? What a badass. Yeah. Handy woman. Literally that night after having dinner with Susie, Cheryl cleaned up the dishes from dinner and having the house to herself. She decided to finish hanging some wallpaper and varnishing a chair. Damn. Which Like that's if you've ever had to fucking hang wallpaper. Oh, I was just gonna say, that is No easy feat. That alone, like To varnish it. What is varnishing again? But Varnish A chair. It's like to put that like transparent, like top coat on, like varnish, it makes it like that.


Shiny kinda. So to do that on top of wallpaper area. Yeah. Bad asby. Baddest Bee. Baddest be good for her. Yeah. So she was working on that that night. A little after 11:00 PM she called a friend and they talked about the projects that she was finishing. And then presumably she went to bed the next morning. Susie and Stacey, like I said, made plans with Janelle and several other friends to go to that waterpark over in Branson. And they were all gonna meet at Janelle's house in the morning. But when morning came, Susie and Stacey just didn't show up. Hmm. Janelle said, I started getting worried because Stacey, she's so responsible and so is Suzy. So a few Hours later when they still hadn't heard from their friends, Janelle and her boyfriend, Mike Henson decided to go to Cheryl St.


Streeter's house to make sure everything was okay. The first thing that Janelle noticed when they arrived at the house was that the glass globe on the porch light had been shattered and there was glass scattered across the front porch. The bulb itself then wasn intact, but like the globe around then wasn completely broken. That's Yeah, that's creepy. Super creepy. Especially 'cause the bulb was intact. Yeah. I, I really wonder if then wasn like unscrewed a little bit though. Like Yeah. In the strangers. Yeah. Like if they smashed the globe to get to the thing. Yeah. That's all I could think of. Yeah. Or don don't know if then wasn just like smashed in some kind of struggle. Yeah. But anyway, Janelle remembered that quote unquote as a favor to Susie's mom, her boyfriend. Mike grabbed a broom and swept up the glass and dumped it in the garbage.


You would not think anything of that? No. In hindsight, investigators believed that the broken glass could have been an like, could have contained some kind of important clue. But at the time, Mike was just concerned that somebody might cut their foot or get cut somehow. Yeah. So he threw it away. But unfortunately he potentially did throw away valuable evidence without having any idea. Literally. Completely unknowing. Yeah.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I feel like kids are always learning and growing, obviously, but as adults we sometimes lose that curiosity. What's something you wanna learn? Gardening. A new language. Maybe. How to finally beat your best friend in bowling. I recently took up learning how to do sourdough therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. I feel like I'm experiencing my back to school era right now, learning this sourdough process. It's pretty crazy. And I feel like therapy taught me that I kind of wanted to like dive deeper into some of my interests that I've been holding onto for a while. And I feel like you could learn that in therapy too. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. Switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. No big deal. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I have been listening to the Spell Shop. It is a title written by Sarah Beth Durst, and it's narrated by Kaitlyn Davies, who just has the most beautiful voice. I feel like I'm transported into a different world when I'm listening. I love this title and I think you would too. Also, as an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Orex Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


As far as Janelle catel, everybody's cars were still parked in the driveway, and when she peered into the living room window, everything looked normal. But she was like, what's going on? Like they were supposed to meet me. Did they oversleep? So she tried the front door and she found it unlocked and she cracked the front door. And when she did, Susie's dog cinnamon started barking and appeared to be in a pretty agitated state, only calming down when Janelle opened the front door further and he recognized Janelle, like he knew who she was. So he calmed down. Yeah, Janelle said she started to yell to them, calling out to see if anybody was in the house, but the house was completely still completely quiet. She got no response. Ooh, that's chilling.


Yeah. So to Janelle who had been in the house countless times, nothing seemed out of the ordinary, other than the fact that they didn't seem to be home But. There were a couple things that didn't or that did catch her attention. Susie's bedding had been pulled back, like somebody had slept in the bed. All the purses of all three women were piled on the steps leading to Susie's room. Huh. And Susie and Cheryl's open cigarette packets were on the counter. The two were said to be pretty heavy smokers and they didn't go anywhere without their packs of cigarettes. So this was already like, so then wasn weird. Definitely. Yeah. So as they were walking out the phone rang the home phone, then wasn when people had the landline. The landline, if you will. And Janelle ran to answer it hoping that it might be her friends.


But the voice on the other end of the line was a man, or at least a male. And Janelle would later describe the caller as sounding like a teenager. The caller immediately launched into just like a barrage of, of offensive comments and sexual innuendos. What the fuck? So she hung up and they left the house. That is, that series of events is so creepy. It's so creepy. And they found out later that Cheryl and and Susie had been getting calls like that. Really? Yeah. Like just yucky prank calls is what they thought they were. And still like it's, it's nobody's really sure if it connects to the case, if it's a weird or then wasn. Just like a separate like gross thing happening. Coincidence. So finding nothing super alarming at the house, obviously it's alarming that they're not there, but it doesn't look like there's a sign of struggle.


Yeah. Beyond the glass, Janelle and Mike decided to stop by their friend Shane's house, hoping that the girls maybe got confused about the plan, where they were supposed to meet and were there. But when they got there, Shane said he hadn't seen them. He hadn't heard from them nothing. So they were kind of frustrated and ended up going back to the Streeter house and found it exactly as they left. So they set out to look for the girls around the neighborhood thinking maybe they walked somewhere to get lunch. Something like that. At the time. Remember these are like 18-year-old kids who just graduated high school. Yeah. It didn't occur to Janelle or Mike that something could be super, super wrong here. No. 'cause especially at that point, you're not, you think you're invincible and all your friends are Too. Oh yeah, exactly. Nothing bad can happen and it's just like, oh, like something weird must be going on.


Yeah. then wasn not home, but we'll figure it out. Yeah. So around that time, Janelle was walking through Cheryl Streeter's empty house, Stacey's mother, Janice McCall was getting irritated that she heard, had not heard from her daughter since the previous night. She called to say there had been a change of plans and she would be staying at Janelle's house because at that point they were still gonna be staying there. Okay. So Janice called the Kirby House and asked to speak to her daughter, assuming that the girls maybe just got a late start. Yeah. But Janelle's sister explained that Stacey and Susie hadn't actually stayed there the night before because the house was so crowded and as far as she knew, they had actually gone back to Susie's house. So Janice is frustrated 'cause she's like, okay, Stacey didn't call me and tell me this. Yeah. I'd be frustrated and I'm trying to track her down. So she called Susie's house and left a message on the answering machine, instructing her daughter to call her back.


As soon as she got the message, a few hours passed and Janice McCall was finally able to get ahold of Janelle Kirby who told her that they had gone by the house and they couldn't find Stacey or Susie or for that matter, Cheryl, anywhere. So Janice placed several more calls to the Streeter house, just leaving increasingly frantic messages like, why are you calling me back? Where are you? I can't imagine you need to call me. A short time later, she got a call from the mother of one of Stacey's other friends informing her that the girl's cars and purses were actually still at the Streeter house. So now convinced that her daughter was just being irresponsible and maybe like she like slept in, slow her off, or, you know. Yeah, exactly. Blowing her off.


She called her other daughter and together they grabbed the spare car key and drove over to the house. The plan was for Stacey's sister to drive Stacey's car home and Janice would grab her purse effectively leaving her daughter just like confused and stranded. Janice said, I was gonna let her look for her car in clothes. I thought that serves you right. You didn't let me know anything and I won't let you know. Then wasn the nineties. Exactly. So she might have been angry with her daughter on the way there, you know, when she left for the Streeter house. But by the time she reached the house, that anger turned back to worry. Oh, I'm sure. And the several hours that had passed since Janelle had first checked on her friends, the Streeter house had filled up by this point with concerned friends and families all looking for signs of Susie, Stacey or Cheryl.


As Janice went through the house, the same signs that seemed odd to Janelle were now concerning. Yeah. Like she was like, what the fuck? Because now it's turning into like more time has passed by more People. People are worried. Yep. Yeah. And not only had they left their cars and their purses behind, but Stacey also left back, left behind some of her clothing that she'd been wearing the night before and her migraine medication, which she always had with her. Honey, you're not going anywhere without that. I thought of you, if you have migraines, I have extended migraine with me, literally 24 7. Then wasn still in her purse. Yeah. And that's not good. Janice was like, there's no way she would've gone somewhere without that and there's no way they would've gone somewhere without their purses.


Susie and Cheryl wouldn't have gone without their cigarettes. Yeah. Like there's all these different signs. Two months now. So Janice hit play on the answering machine and waited through her own messages that she'd left before she quote, heard a man's voice who was saying very unpleasant things. So this person who knew I, I'm assuming then wasn, the same person that Janelle had picked up the phone for. This person called back and left a message. I'm sorry. I think there's something there it, I think there Could be so weird there. So despite the obvious red flags, nobody's minds had turned to outright panic. Yet when one woman suggested that they make a pot of coffee to keep everybody going, Janice thought, I don't wanna do that. What's Cheryl gonna say when we're sitting in her kitchen drinking her coffee? I don't blame Her.


Never thinking that Cheryl might not be coming back. Oh. So after calling all of her daughter's friends that she could think of, Janice finally called her husband Stew and she said, there's something not right. Something is really wrong. And Stew agreed and suggested then wasn time to call the police and report the three women missing. Yeah. Janice still couldn't accept at that point that something bad was happening or might have happened to her daughter. So she didn't wanna call 9 1 1. She felt like then wasn unnecessary. She later said, I was still waiting for them to come in. Well, and It's, it's hard when you realize you have to call 9 1 1 in a situation. It's Scary. It's Not. Yeah. It's very scary. And you're always worried about overreacting, even though like we say it all the time, overreact and underreact and, but it's easier said than done.


Totally. It really is. Every time I've ever had to call 9 1 1, it's been a very scary experience. You have an internal battle with yourself. You are like, am I over? Am I supposed to be doing this? Like what? Yeah. Yeah. Because It it's meant for emergencies. Yeah. And you really like, you don't wanna waste somebody's time and No. And resources of like, you know, and it in a situation like this where you're battling back and forth of like, is this really fucked up or is this not right? Am I just gonna call 'em and say I don't know where they are and then they're gonna come back from like a day at the beach and we're gonna be like, sorry. Oh okay. Our bad. You know? Yeah. And you also don't wanna admit to yourself that it's an emergency. No, definitely not. So Instead of calling 9 1 1, she called the police department's mainline and she asked the dispatcher to send an officer out to the house as soon as they could a few minutes later.


Luckily they, they responded pretty quickly. Springfield police officer Rick Bookout pulled into the already crowded driveway at Cheryl Streeter's house. 'cause now Everyone's there A three-year veteran of the police force. Rick Bookout wasn't too alarmed when the call came in about the missing women, but despite the lack of evidence when investigators did arrive at the house, they just felt like something was different. Something was off. Interesting. Yeah. Well there's so many people in there like tramping all over the place. That's the thing. This if then wasn a crime scene, like who really knows they, there's no evidence now. It's been trampled all over. It's like the JonBenet Ramsey Yes. Kind of scene where everybody just walking around.


Exactly. So Bookout noticed that Susie and Stacey's cars were in the driveway, and Cheryl's car was also there. then wasn in the garage, just like Janice McCall had said, as he walked through the house, he noticed all the other oddities that had been delayed to the, the dispatcher jewelry by the bathroom sink, the unmade bed that looked like it had been slept in and so on. Springfield police captain Tony Glenn said the only thing unusual about this house was that three women were missing from it. You had this feeling as you looked around, that something was missing, that something had to be missing. But. there wasn't just them. So like tons of valuable still around the house. Yeah. Like, you know, like jewelry and that kinda thing. Cars, purses, I'm assuming wallets in the purses. Just People missing.


Just people missing. Like they then wasn like they up and vanish and it's Like people that would've taken some of these things with them. Exactly. So Bookout got started by talking to Janice and Stu McCall, who explained, or macal, excuse me, who explained that their daughter had gone out with friends the night before to celebrate graduation and hadn't come back the next morning when they were all supposed to leave for the water park. So he, he got that story and then he walked around the house with Janice at his side this time. So the scene seemed to be telling a story of a household that had started the routine of getting ready for bed, but was interrupted. At some point, jewelry and makeup were removed. There was literally like dirty makeup wipes at the scene. Clothes were changed, TV was turned on, and this is so fucking creepy because then wasn the nineties and whatever they were watching had played through by the time everybody started like arriving at the house.


Yeah. then wasn on that snow. Oh, do you remember how like, oh, of course when your movie was over, it would go to the blue screen and then the Snow and then Yeah. Yeah. Something about that. I was like, I hope you guys muted it. Oh, Then wasn just like, they had just vanished, like I said. Yeah. But most concerning, like we said, was that they had all left their purses containing essential items like identification, medication, all that kind of stuff behind. And they hadn't just been left on a chair or somewhere that, you know, you might throw your purse. They were stacked like piled together on the stairs leading to Susie's bedroom. Yeah, that's weird. Yeah, it seems weird to me too. Right? Yeah. And Stacey's overnight bag was on the stairs too.


Officer Bookout casually suggested that, you know, what did they suggest in the nineties? They probably were just gone having fun. Oh Yeah. Don't worry about it. They just forgot to call and forgot their purses and yeah, of course forgot everything. But Janice pointed to her daughter's clothes that were piled up by the bed and she said, if she is, she's in her underwear. Ooh. Like literally looked at the damn the cop and was like, yeah, no. Yeah. Do you think my daughter's out there in her skis? I don't think so, no. So by the time Bookout had finished his walkthrough of the house, other officers arrived and started, he started bringing them up to speed on what he knew. then wasn clearly a missing person's case, but despite the lack of evidence or the presence of anything suspicious, they couldn't shake the feeling that these women hadn't gone missing voluntarily.


Yeah. There's something off here, And this suspicion was unintentionally conveyed to the families when Bookout asked Janice McCall whether they could get dental records for her daughter or not. Oh, she said, I thought if they want dental records, they wanna identify my daughter. They thought my daughter could be dead. Oh, that's Awful. Like, I can't imagine what an awful feeling. No. Finally, after they'd cleared the house of friends and families, Bookout locked the doors and the windows and stuck a note on the door asking that somebody call the police department when they returned to confirm their safety, which is just so chilling. Yeah, I was gonna say something about that, Just walking out, it's just quiet. Walking the door in that house, Leaving A note and just leaving a note.


Like, call us when you're back safe. But like they never came Back. Damn. Despite their suspicions and their instincts, even the police didn't want admit that something terrible could have happened in that house because It's bizarre. It's so bizarre. It's a bizarre scene. Bizarre. It is. So the next day news about the disappearance hit the local papers and the alarm over the Three Missing women began to spread. Friend and former classmate, Adina Raff, I hope I'm saying that right. Told a reporter, I'm scared to death about what's going on. The longer they're gone, the more negative comes out. I'm scared someone broken and got them. I just hope to God nobody hurts them. Oh, geez. Yeah. Those who knew Cheryl were equally concerned by her sudden disappearance. Joe Tate, who owned the salon where she worked, told the press, I've already talked to two or three detectives today.


I've told them this is not like her. Cheryl is definitely not the type of person that would just leave. She would contact someone. Something is wrong. That's the thing. It's like, these aren't people that are known to do this stuff, that they're like, oh, well, you know, let's all wait around a little bit. Because sometimes they do this right. Sometimes they disappear and we don't hear from 'em for a few days. No. And they come back. These people were like creatures of habit. Yeah. Like they, they weren't gonna just run off and it didn't make sense. Like why would Stacey the friend run away with Susie and Susie's mom? Yeah. Like that doesn't make a lot of sense. That's The, honestly, that's the part that really gets me, is that there's somebody not not part of the family here. Right. Yeah, exactly.


Then wasn in the house and maybe then wasn just in the house at the wrong time. Exactly. Which is also so sad to think about when you think about the fact that they weren't even supposed to stay at Susie's that night. Yeah. But then also you're like, would something have still happened to Cheryl? Like Yeah. Would Damn it Could have been a very different story. Yeah. Well, friends and family of the missing women formed their own informal search parties. The local police started to go over what they had learned about the case already hoping that somebody knew something that might help. Captain Tony Glenn said, while we haven't had any real breaks in the case, that would lead us to have knowledge of their current location, we're actively pursuing and talking to individuals who were in contact with them Saturday night. But after three days had passed and there was still no sign of these missing women, the FBI was called in to join the 30 member team of investigators now working the case.


Damn. Yeah. then wasn wasn shit was getting real. Yeah. By then it seemed very much possible that all these women had been kidnapped. But even that didn't make a lot of sense because even if the individual was armed, it would still be pretty difficult for one person to kidnap three adult women without leaving any kind of evidence of a break-in or any kind of struggle at the scene. Yeah. Like yes and no, I guess. Yeah, I said that and then the more I was thinking about it, they were all petite women. Yeah. And it's like you brandish a couple of weapons and even just Even just a Gun, you'll be surprised, you know? Yeah. Like it would scare anybody.


I said that and then I was like, well, you're like, wait, second I don know. Yeah. It is hard to believe that nothing would've been like knocked over or like Yeah. You know what I Mean? And the leaving like the purses on the stairs and like a line. Yeah. Like when did that happen? If you're, if it's one person trying to corral three adult women Yeah. He's not gonna have time to do that. No. You know, like it's, there's strange things. Yeah. I don't, it's just weird. Like And why was that thing broken? Yeah. Why was the globe around the party Mean broken? Did he mean, did this person, I, if this was somebody, did they mean to break the light too, but they just smashed the globe and thought they broke?


Maybe the light maybe just loosened it or, And this is like such a dark thought. It's awful. But I was thinking like, was somebody carried out kicking? Oh, Maybe like, maybe they had a hand over their mouth so nobody heard them screaming. Were they kicking or like, like thrashing? Yeah, maybe. But then you would think that maybe there would be blood. Somebody would hear something or blood or, yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It's it, this case is like, Yeah, It gets your brain Going. It really


does. There is no better feeling than loving your home. Wayfair makes it easy to create a space where you can relax, unwind, no matter the season. It is the place to shop for everything home from living room seating that fits the whole family to bedroom fines that help you cozy up and snuggle in. I got the Ray upholstered armchair from Wayfair. I got it in the color reddish brown velvet and you guys, I ended up loving it so much that I bought a second one for a completely different room in my house. It fits my style perfectly. All I did was type in velvet chair. I looked through a couple and I think then wasn like the third one that I saw. And I was like, oh my God, I love it. I ordered it and I got it delivered the next day. Shopping on Wayfair is literally the easiest thing ever. And I know I'll be going back because I saw some pieces that I'm gonna want. Wayfair is the go-to destination for everything home. No matter your style or your budget. There's a Weber hood in every zip code you guys brought to life by everyone who makes their home truly their own with Wayfair. And Wayfair makes it easy with fast and free shipping. Even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. They set up my chairs and they're perfect. It is good to come home when you live in the Weber hood. Visit Wayfair dot com or download the Wayfair app. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style. Every home


with HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. Skip those trip to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, and affordable. That's why it's America's number one meal kit from the planning, shopping, and prepping to actually getting everyone to enjoy what you made. Family dinners can be really stressful, but HelloFresh gets it. They make it easy by delivering fresh ingredients and picky eater approved recipes right to your door each week. Also, back to school season means shopping after school activities and a lot less free time. So skip that meal planning and skip those grocery store runs with nutritious and delicious meals from HelloFresh. They handle most of the prep too. Making, getting dinner on the table easier and faster than ever. Drew and I love getting HelloFresh because you know, in the middle of your work day, you're like, oh, what am I gonna cook for dinner tonight? Not if you have HelloFresh, you're gonna say, I'm gonna make whatever's in the fridge and it's gonna be freaking delicious and probably easy to clean up too, because most HelloFresh meals are, and for a limited time kids eat free. Go to hellofresh.com/ Morbid kids to unlock this exclusive offer. One free kids meal per box for two months while subscription is active. That's free Kids meals by just going to hellofresh.com/ Morbid. Kids. HelloFresh is America's number one meal kit.


But the other thing was, nobody could think of a single reason why anyone would kidnap any of these three women, let alone all of them. Yeah. According to friends, Suzy and Stacey were generally happy, pretty well liked. They didn't have any enemies. The same was true of Cheryl, who was described as a quote, reliable, dependable worker, But maybe then wasn a unless it's a stranger, Which it could be. Yeah. But I think at that, I don't know why they weren't thinking of that at the time, but it, it doesn't sound like they were. Yeah. I think then wasn, I think then wasn genuinely something then wasn not first thought on everyone's mind for a long time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's weird. But when it came to suspects, investigators had difficulty putting together a list of any real substance.


There was Susie's ex-boyfriend, 17-year-old Mike Kovac, who she had a somewhat Troubled and occasionally violent relationship with. A couple years earlier, Kovac said to quote, sure, we hi each other before, back when we were first going out when I was just 15. then wasn was like, oh fuck. That sounds pretty volatile. At 15 you were hitting your girlfriend Jesus. Yeah. Was like, what? But he said he had been on good terms with both girls since that relationship ended. And he did have an alibi for the night that they went missing. And at the time of their disappearance, neither girl was dating anybody. Seriously, nor did anyone believe Susie's fiercely protective mother would've let anyone in the house after the girls had got home that night. Yeah.


Janet Olivera said If Susie got a phone call after 10 o'clock at night, Cheryl didn't even allow her to answer it. So I know she would never let her answer the door after 10, especially at 2:00 AM Yeah. Eventually investigators started administering polygraph tests to the men and Susie, Stacey and Cheryl's lives hoping that maybe one of them might produce a lead. Bart Streeter, Susie's brother and Cheryl's son said, I was upset with it, mainly because it's my mother and my sister and I love them more than anything in the world. And while he might've been upset, he did give into a polygraph examination 'cause he was willing to do whatever it took to get his family and Stacey back. Yeah. I mean, he just said that, you know, I love them more than anything in this world. Of course I'm gonna do that.


Yeah. He's like, it's pretty shitty, but sure. Yeah. He said, I think what the police are trying to do is right. I've spent as much time as I can at the department. The emotional thing is incredible. Wow. In the end, he passed his polygraph exam and so did the other young men that investigators tested leaving them no closer to finding these three women. Wow. After a week, investigators had made zero progress on the case and the families of the missing women had started to accept that somebody might have taken their loved ones and most likely had friends and family had spread out across the city to distribute more than 20,000 missing persons flyers. Damn. Which are still around in the area today. Wow. Which is again, like I said, chilling, haunting.


Yeah. Truly like gives you goosebumps. And while friends and family were doing that, Janice Stu McCall had started going around to all the local hospitals showing pictures of their daughter to anyone who would listen. Sergeant Mark Webb said in the beginning, I had every hope that we would solve this in a few days that we'd find them know what happened. I thought we'd get to the bottom of it, but the problem was that investigators had virtually nothing to work with. The crime scene at Cheryl Streeter's house, assuming, like I said, it even was a crime scene, showed no signs of a struggle or break in. Nothing was missing or out of place and nothing had been left behind to indicate who took these women or where they could have gone. There was that broken glass discovered outside, but like I said, that had been thrown away.


Yeah. So evidence was also thrown away with it. And the same was true of that obscene message. then wasn left on the answering machine back at that time then wasn standard for answering machines to automatically delete messages. Yeah. After 24 hours. And that's exactly what happened. Oh, with that one, then wasn just gone. And at that point in time, there was no way to get it back of getting it back. Yeah. then wasn just gone. Now you just tap your fucking iPhone to delete deleted messages. Exactly. It wasn't like that. So investigators turned to the media for help with segments about Susie, Stacey and Cheryl appearing on America's Most Wanted in 48 hours, but none produced any viable leads. Oh man. Finally, in mid-June Springfield police got a tip about a potential suspect.


And for the first time they had a lead to chase. According to a caller on the tip line. On June 5th and sixth, a local woman saw an unfamiliar man lingering around Cheryl Streeter's house. Captain Glenn told reporters, this individual was totally out of place in the area. He was a transient type with no apparent reason for being there. It's something we feel is significant. That's creepy. I know. It is creepy. So investigators released a, a composite drawing of the suspect, which depicted a middle aged bearded man, average height and weight with dark shoulder length hair and a quote freckled tan complexion. I feel like it's like very hard to picture this man. Yeah. I'm trying to picture this man. I'm struggling. Same. Well, the So-called Transient Man quickly shot to the top of a suspect list that still included Bart Streeter and Mark Kovac.


Whoa. But hope of finding that individual soon faded because he wasn't seen in the area again. And realistically, who knows if he ever existed in the first place. As theories of the quote unquote transient abductors started to dry up, detectives shifted their focus to Cheryl St. Streeter hoping something or someone in her background might provide a lead. Deputy Chief Worsham told a reporter as the case entered its third week. I think it's an abduction, and I think the answer lies somewhere in Cheryl Levitt's background. Sometimes she's referred to just so nobody's confused. Sometimes she's referred to as Cheryl St. Streeter, and then other times Sherill Levitt because she had been divorced from John Levitt. So people called her by different names.


It seems last names. Yeah. It's like both. Yeah. But since they were divorced, I most often refer to her as Cheryl Streeter. But anyway, he added, we have no information and I want to emphasize that I don't want the relatives and friends of Sherill Levitt to feel like we think she's the cause of this or a bad person. But she may be a focus of the investigation and somebody in her background may have some reason to do something like this. Whoa. Which is scary. Yeah. Cheryl had been married twice, first to Bart and Susie's father Brent, and then to Don Levitt. Like I said, both relationships had ended in divorce and as far as anybody knew, she actually had no contact with either man since their relationships had ended, hadn't seen from, or heard either heard from either since.


According to Bart St. Streeter, Cheryl's second husband, Don Levitt had left her in 1989 and literally no one even knew where he went. Damn. Which is so creepy. Like what the fuck Bart said, he pretty much left my mom in debt and took off. Nice guy. Yeah. So Cheryl hired a lawyer in 1990. 'cause it seems like he left her in some kind of debt. He had like a failed business. Oh, okay. But unfortunately, he was never found and nothing came of it. Damn. Otherwise, Cheryl was said to live a relatively quiet and private life. Her friend Janet Olivera said she was about as close to Mother Teresa as you could get. Wow. Whoever did this had to be somebody who did not know her. No one had any kind of vendetta against her.


Damn. Which is even fucking scary. It is like somebody just that you have no I who idea who they're stranger walks into your house in the middle of the night. Yeah. And abducts you and your child and her friend. Yeah. So after struggling to find leads in the case, the detectives caught another break on June 24th when a waitress at Georgia's Steakhouse, which was one of Cheryl's favorite restaurants, reported to investigators that she had seen the Three Missing women In the early morning hours of June seventh. According to the waitress, Cheryl, Susie and Stacey came into the diner sometime between one and 3:00 AM and she recalled Susie was extremely giddy or maybe even drunk, and that Cheryl was trying to quiet her down around that time of night, Georgia's steakhouse was known to be pretty typically busy with a quote unquote bar crowd.


But the woman recognized, or the woman recognized Levit and Streeter because they were regular customers, though they hadn't been to the restaurant in a couple months. One detective told reporters, she seems like a credible witness, but other detectives and investigators were less convinced because a convenience store clerk in Springfield had also reported to the police that Susie and Stacey came into his store that night a little before 2:15 AM and he said they seemed like they were in a hurry. But if that was true, it wouldn't have been possible for the server to have seen them at the diner because that would've put them in two places at the same time. And the report from the server conflicted with the previously established timeline that put their disappearance somewhere between two 30 and 7:00 AM Whoa.


So regardless of the conflicting reports, the possibility of a new sighting did reinvigorate the case and the reward fund that had been established days earlier jumped from $3,000 to $40,000. Whoa. That's a leap. An anonymous donor made a very large contribution, I guess. Damn. So now we're three weeks deep. The detectives have made almost no progress on the case, and at this point, everyone was starting to get desperate. The supposed sighting reported by the woman at the steakhouse pretty much went nowhere, and billboards and flyers yielded thousands of tips from the public, but they did little to move the investigation forward. That's so frustrating. It is. With options dwindling, the family started turning to a local psychic, referred to in the press simply as Ruth.


According to Ruth, the disappearance was a quote unquote revenge abduction that she referred to as quote, Cheryl's problem possibly involvement in or knowledge of illegal activity. Hmm. Yeah. In her visions of the scene, Ruth described, quote, two men in a brown or beige van. One man is medium tall, has dark hair in a short ponytail, and ows his sunglasses horizontally. His shirt, the women were quote, abducted at gunpoint with a small black revolver at 3:40 AM and the transient reported reportedly seen in the neighborhood is not involved in the abduction. So that's all quotes. Wow. Janice McCall had received hundreds of calls and letters from psychics all around the country offering her tips, and each one was passed on to the police.


But apparently Ruth's tips seemed to resonate with her more than the others did. Janice said, I wish one could say, I see her now and she's all right. That's what I look for. So they give me hope. Oh, that's so sad. And the rest of the McCall family agreed that Ruth actually did seem to have more insight than the others, and they were quote stunned by her accuracy in describing their own private lives. That's interesting. It Is interesting. You Know how I feel usually about psychic centering these kind of things. Yeah. 'cause it can be iffy, But in when the don don't know, it's, it's a hard one because like you want family members to have hope and when they seem it's when it seems like these people actually are like the real deal. Yeah. Because I've seen certain things where it's like they know so much.


Yeah. And they end up helping the investigation. People have like solved cases before. Yeah. So you hope it's one of those you do because you just don't want them giving people hope And false hope at That just for it to be ripped out from under them. Exactly. We've seen that a lot. Yeah. Which is really shitty. Yeah. That's just the human species being the human species. Truly. People. Just people and people, People. But regardless of how accurate she was about their family's private lives, it should be said that much of what Ruth told Janice McCall had actually already been reported on the papers. The, I mean, again, she did know things about their personal lives that they were pretty like amazed by. Okay. But the details were regarding the crime had been reported on. Yeah. Like her seeing a light colored van.


Neighbors had already reported that the other information she had was given to investigators who followed all of the leads, but eventually reported that quote. None has proven helpful. Damn. Yeah. So after three weeks now of no progress, public demand for action had grown exponentially and was generally targeted at the chief of police Terry Knowles. This was not the first time that he had come under attack by the press and the public for, at that point, for perceived failures because one year earlier, investigators failed to solve a brutal rape case. And more recently the murder of an elderly woman had gone unsolved. Oh shit. So they're So their they're in over their Heads. Yeah. Yeah. Jinx in response, he took a defensive position claiming lack of evidence and a potentially tainted crime scene.


Were responsible for the slow progress, which I mean Yeah, fair. Very fair. With tons of people treats through there. Yeah. That's Very tainted. He said we would've looked at the glass on the front porch that could have told us some things. He also pointed to the large number of people who had gathered in Cheryl's house and handled personal items like the purses as additional issues in the case. He said, whether it's a real hindrance or not, it doesn't matter. We're stuck with going in there after the fact. And yes, it sets you back Because you also think about the fact that like he's saying like, you know, if we had been able to look at that broken glass, it could have told us something. It's like, what really? Could it have told you? I feel the same way. The glass specifically, like I get it. It's like mentioned and, and of course you have to mention it.


It's, it's a thing that happened of course, but it's in every outlet that reports on this is like, and who knows if valuable evidence was thrown away? That's the, I'm like, like there was nothing else at the scene. So don don't know like The, the fact that that globe was smashed, that the light was smashed. Like that's weird For sure. Mention that. That's important. Totally. That could point to some foul play here or something crazy going on. For sure. And it's spooky no matter what. Yeah. I just don't know how much it would've the actual shards of glass were going to tell You. I completely agree. Because It's like if, I mean if somebody punched the glass with a gloved hand or something, it's not gonna tell you if they hit it with something.


It's not just shattered glass. No. That Gonna Tell you and don don't know if they're like making a big deal of it. 'cause he swept up the glass and who knows? Like the, maybe there was like a footprint in the dirt or something in the dust. Yeah, for sure. Something like that. Like Yeah. But maybe put it that way instead of like, he threw away the glass and there was valuable evidence in there possibly That broken glass could have told us something. It's like what though? Yeah. I Know. It's like, can you tell me That? Even at that point, I don't even know if they could have tested the blood. Yeah. then wasn like 92, so Yeah. And he didn't see any blood, so it's like, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Anyway, years later, several investigators would actually speak out in the press blaming the lack of progress on Noel himself, claiming that he micromanaged the detectives and constantly interfered with how they were performing their jobs.


Well that's not a good way to be. No. Some even claimed that he ruled out suspects other on others on the team, strongly believed, had a motive to abduct the women. Oh shit. Green County prosecutor Darrell Moore told a reporter, this was clearly the most micromanaged case I've ever seen. Seasoned detectives were not allowed to use their expertise and judgment in this investigation. Oh, well that's Bad. He said This is the only case where that happened, and I don't understand that. Yeah. That's not good. Yeah. Noles himself rejected the idea that his hands-on approach, negatively affected the case and claimed he hadn't heard any criticism on his performance back when then wasn happening. And more recently he said, don don't recall that being an issue back then. What anyone wants to say Ten years later.


I can't control that. It's certainly disappointing and it's frustrating at the time to be doing everything you possibly can. Yeah. I think I kinda see both sides here. I was gonna say, you can see both sides for sure. And I understand the the want to micromanage, But honestly, but You gotta, sometimes you just gotta let people do their Jobs. I think a lot of times people who micromanage don't necessarily realize that they're micromanaging. Yeah. Until it's brought to their attention. It's true. And then I'm sure it's a little bit of a point of embarrassment. For sure. Then you get defensive. Yeah. You I was gonna say, you get defensive. Yeah.


If you are like me and you're always on the hunt for products that genuinely improve your life, then listen up. I'm about to turn you onto one of my absolute favorite, favorite, favorite products. It's Lummis whole body DIO stick. I realized that I love this product when I didn't have to reapply my actual deodorant like 400 times a day. Lumi is safe to use anywhere on your body, your pits, your under boob, your thigh folds, your belly button if you want to, you can put it on your butt crack if you want. And even your feet. then wasn created by an OB GYN, who saw firsthand how normal BO was being misdiagnosed and mistreated. It's clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. Lumi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like a mini body wash and deodorant, rips, and free shipping as a special offer for listeners, new customers get 15% off all Lumi products with our exclusive code. And if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, use code Morbid for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's Morbid at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com.


But whether then wasn micromanagement or just a lack of evidence and leads or both, I think then wasn honestly an amalgamation of everything. Yeah. After a month, investigators found themselves at a complete dead end with the investigation and then wasn starting to look like this case might go unsolved to make matters worse. And the time that had passed since Cheryl, Susie and Stacey disappeared, several other cases had gone under investigated or just uninvestigated due to a significant number of departmental resources being directed toward this missing person's case. Oh no. According to Detective truly Applegate, which like truly, truly literally had to be a detective. Yeah. Truly Applegate like, come on.


Truly Applegate forever. They said, officers are quote, not doing what we're normally able to do because of the attention paid to the Streeter McCall case and quote, there are simply Too many felonies to follow and not enough officers to work them well. Shit, that's a problem. My friends, Like we said earlier, I think they were very much in over there. Yeah. I mean they called the FBI in, but That's I know. At least they did That. You know, I just, I think the lack of evidence and the fact that the crime scene quote, like if then wasn or wasn't Yeah. then wasn completely contaminated. Like then wasn, there was nothing they could have done. Yeah. So in response, the Springfield police regrettably announced that they would be scaling back the number of investigators working on the disappearance so that they could free up some detectives to work on other crimes.


Although most of the community was understanding then wasn hard not to see the shift in priorities as a sign that the case had begun to stall and was definitely in danger of getting cold. Oh. As soon as you see that kind of thing happen, like when you see that they're shifting away from it. Yeah. It's natural for from on the outside especially to be like, are they giving up on this? It's like air shelving It. It's watching the air go out of a Balloon. Exactly. Exactly. By the onset of fall, the investigation had pretty much come to a virtual standstill, and though very much still being said, in active case, many of the resources and hours dedicated to it had been redirected to more quote unquote urgent matters. In mid-September, Bart Streeter actually quit his job and left Springfield for good.


He wasn't able to live in the city 'cause it had so many awful memories. Oh, I don't blame believe him. Janice McCall expressed similar frustration. She said, I'd hate to think of doing this another a hundred days. But that is exactly what happened. And then some, and then some. I can't imagine. As the days turned to months, detectives continued to follow leads from the public, including searching a farm in a neighboring county where some evidence was collected, but nothing that moved the case in any direction. Then in late 1995, detectives revisited one of their earlier suspects, Robert Craig Cox, who had been arrested in Texas after robbing a tanning salon and holding a 12-year-old girl at gunpoint.


Oh, fuck you, Robert. Oh, just you mother. Are you kidding me? Fucking wait. Kidding. On the list, a list of suspects assembled by law enforcement. There was literally no better suspect than Robert Cox. Oh, shit. Remember the list of suspects is a little like shaky, but it's all great. Yeah, he's a good one. On New Year's weekend, 1979, 19-year-old Sharon Zeller's disappeared after finishing her shift at Walt Disney World in Florida. Oh goodness. A few days later, her car was discovered, abandoned in a nearby orange grove, and the next day investigators found her body in a nearby sewage station. At the same time, an ambulance was called to a motel adjacent to the sewage station for Robert Cox, who was on vacation in Orlando with his parents.


Part of his tongue had been bitten off and needed to be surgically repaired, and he refused to say how it happened, what the fuck. Part of his tongue had been bitten off and needed to be surgically repaired, and he wouldn't tell anyone why. Okay. Yep. Yeah, that's probably fine. Totally. Many years later, in 1986, Cox was arrested and pleaded guilty to kidnapping and assault with a deadly weapon. Oh, you don't say in an unrelated matter in California, when he abducted a young woman and put a knife to her throat. I'm sorry. Are we seeing a pattern?


No, we sure are. Because that same year he also attempted to abduct a female soldier who he was serving alongside in the army. Jesus. He wanted to take her to a remote location, but she ended up escaping. So then wasn, while he was serving his sentence on the abduction in California, that authorities in Orlando found evidence that connected him to the Zeller's murder. Holy shit. In Orlando. And in 1988, he was returned to Florida to stand trial where he was found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced to death. Whoa. The conviction was appealed to the state Supreme Court of Florida. Why? The justices found that there was insufficient evidence to justify his conviction, which was ultimately reversed by the court.


And Cox returned to California to serve out the rest of his sentence on the earlier charge. Holy shit. So he was cleared of the first degree murder, but he still had to serve time for, you know, abducting a young woman. Yeah. In 1992, he was paroled and left California to live with his parents. Where you might ask Springfield Springfield a few weeks after Cheryl, Stacey and Susie went missing. Sharon Zeller's brother Steve read about the case in the paper and actually called investigators in Springfield to tell them about Cox's criminal history. Oh shit. The Zeller's family had been keeping tabs on him, his release good for, and as soon as they heard the details of the case, they immediately felt he could be a suspect.


Guys, listen to them. Steve Zeller said they didn't even know he was serving parole there. Jesus. But they appreciated the tip and started looking into Cox as a possible suspect. After they got that tip, they interviewed him who claimed that at the time of the abduction, he had been at home with his girlfriend, and later that morning, the two of them went to church together. I literally don't believe you. You shouldn't. Yeah. With other leads and suspects to chase down, detectives confirmed his alibi with his mother and his girlfriend. Oh, with his mom and girlfriend. Yeah. Two closest people. Very reliable. Yeah. And they moved on to other priorities. I'm also like this dangerous guy. Like Yeah. You're like, oh, you probably were at church. Bye. Yeah. And also his girlfriend, like she's probably not scared of him.


No. Cool, cool, cool. Totally. So they moved on to other priorities. However, his alibi not withstanding, Robert Cox had always been the best suspect on the list and easily the most likely person to have committed the objection. Yeah. Sergeant Dave Smith told a reporter in 1996, the year of my birth, we didn't dig deep enough. We didn't feel we needed to dig deeper. Do you regret that those feelings changed later? Yeah. When Cox was convicted of an armed robbery in Texas and sentenced to life in prison, Jesus, in the years since the abduction, several key members of the investigation team had been replaced by new detectives, and they hoped now that he had nothing to lose.


Robert Cox might be willing to share whatever information he had on the Springfield Three abduction on January 19th, 1996. Two Springfield detectives went to Texas and spent three hours interviewing Cox in prison. But according to Captain Darrell Crick, Cox quote had nothing earth shattering to say about the case, but investigators in Springfield still were not ready to cross him off their suspect list. A Texas law enforcement official said he knows they don't have anything new on him, and he's remorseful for some axes committed in the past. So there was still a chance that he might divulge some information now, despite being remorseful about his past of heinous crimes, quote unquote.


Yeah. He seemed to delight in the attention from these Missouri detectives. Yeah. So don don't think he's very remorseful. No, I don't think so either. He maintained that he had nothing to do with the missing women in Springfield yet, quote told police enough for them to think he knew something, but not enough to incriminate himself guys. Yeah. For instance, in one of the many interviews they conducted with him, he told detectives that the three women were dead and were, quote, buried near Springfield. But when they asked follow up questions, he just smiled and refused to say anything else. Oh, come on. He's either fucking with you completely, or he's your guy. So there's, there's Nothing in between. There's Literally no in between there.


It's, yeah, it's one of those two things. Their suspicions of his involvement grew considerably. When while giving testimony before a grand jury, his former girlfriend admitted that she had lied to the police when she gave him his alibi for the morning of June 7th, 1992. I'm sorry. Then what was he doing? Nobody knows If somebody had to lie for him for that alibi. Ding, ding, ding, ding, Ding, ding. Exactly That to me, that's like, boom. Oh 100%. Investigators continue to remain interested in him as a suspect, and they checked the places he was known to have worked at the time, but without any solid evidence against him. They couldn't move forward in any official capacity or even name him publicly at the time.


The families of the victims, on the other hand, were pretty well convinced that Cox was responsible for the disappearance of their loved ones. Cheryl Levitt's father, Jim Williams, was certain that Cox was responsible for his daughter's disappearance, but he died in 1997. Oh. Having never seen the case solved. Oh, that Always kills me. Cliff Williams, Cheryl's uncle said, he told me, I'm sure that's the guy. I just don't know if they'll be able to prove it. Oh, like how sad is that? That Breaks my heart For his part. Robert Cox has always maintained his innocence, at least publicly. In 1996, he wrote a letter to the Springfield News leader, insisting he had nothing to do with the case, and claimed that he too was a victim of the story. Shut up. I'm like, you're not a victim in any capacity.


He wrote, I told them that I wanted closure too. I'm tired of the harassment I've received because of my association to this case. Even in his letter, he couldn't help but toy with the investigators, though he added, then I told Sergeant Ralph, if I could tell him where the bodies were, then he could come after me with an indictment and seek the death penalty. He went on to tell a reporter, he could tell the press where the bodies were located, but the journalists would give him up to the police and he'd get the death penalty. So he wasn't willing to, so he is like I know where they're buried and I could tell you, but I'm not gonna, 'cause I don't want to get the death penalty, but I'm such a victim of this. I'm such a victim and I'm sick of everybody harassing me.


Yeah. Shut up. And that's the thing that does lead me to believe that he absolutely is the strongest suspect. Because I'm not so sure that his Florida case there should have been overturned. I'm not so sure either. And he was able to win that because he was trying to avoid the death penalty. Yeah. So he's afraid of dying. Of course. Which, there you go. That's what I think now interviews and informal communication between Robert Cox investigators in Springfield and journalists continued through the rest of the 1990s. But nothing concrete ever came out of their correspondence. Come on, everybody. He just wouldn't give them anything. In 2002, detectives in Springfield reached out to him again in a letter requesting an interview, but he denied.


So shitty. This is so frustrating because I'm like, I, come on. It gives You a strong feeling. I don't wanna say he like 100% did it. 'cause there's definitely not enough evidence to be a hundred percent, but you wanna talk to him. Right. But he's a strong suspect and I'm like, if you know where the bodies are, just say Yeah, Just say it. There's no evidence tying you to them other than Exactly. I mean, other than the fact that you know where they're buried, but But you could just be like, don don't know. No, I knew that. I just heard make, I just knew. Yeah. I Mean, don't make anything up, but, but Come on. Like you're not gonna get the death penalty for saying where the bodies are and You know that someone can crack him. Absolutely. There's, there's some investigator out there, there's some interrogator out there that could do it. This is a guy from the nineties. You can crack Him.


Exactly. And it's like you say, a cold case is never cold. It's Never Cold. Like I believe it don't really, I really want this case to crack open. Ooh, Me too. I want it so bad. So over the years, the Springfield police have gotten still, they still get countless tips from the public about The Disappearance of the Springfield Three as they're known. But no trace of any of the three women has ever been found. And no one has come forward with new information about the case. That's been helpful. Many family members of the missing women remain in belief that Robert Cox had something to do with their disappearance. Interesting. Cheryl's sister Deborah said in 2022, he doesn't deny it. It's just question mark after question mark.


That's infuriating. Yeah. I would lose my mind. Cox meanwhile has been quiet on the subject of the Springfield Three and continues to surface sentence in a Texas prison. While the case may have gone cold decades ago, their city has not forgotten about Cheryl. Susie or Stacey. Like I said earlier, many of those original missing flyers can still be seen in restaurants. Wow. And storefronts all around Springfield and others have been replaced with newer versions that show aged versions of the women. Wow. Yeah. And nearly every year a large group gets together and holds a visual to raise awareness. I love that. Keep the women in their collective memories. Good For them. Now, Like we said, as of today, the case has been labeled a code, a cold case by the Springfield Police Department.


But the reward for information leading to an arrest and prosecution of the person responsible has risen now to $42,000. Wow. Anyone with information about the disappearance is encouraged to contact the Springfield Police at 4 1 7 8 6 4 1 8 1 0 or place an anonymous call to Crime Stoppers at 4 1 7 8 6 9 8 4 7 7. And tips and information can also be submitted online@pthreetips.com. And that's capital P, the number three tips.com. Wow. But I just Really want this case to be solved because you think of their family and their friends just sitting around wondering what the fuck, where did go?


Where did they go? Yeah. And they don't have anywhere to go to visit them. Like they have no closure on anything they have. All they have is their own imagination to come up with what could have happened here, which is way worse. Like, I'm sorry, these, these women didn't disappear on their own. No. Something Happened here. There's No way. There's no way. And I just want somebody to talk to Robert Cox again. I They need to send a spicy detective in there. That's Exactly what they Need to do. And they j like, I'm not saying like for him to elicit a, a confession out of like anything wrong, but like, no, Just send, Send somebody in there that like is intimidating. That's the, you, you nailed it when you said send a spicy detective, A Spicy detective, A spicy detective who plays by the goddamn rules.


Yes. But he skirts that line. Yes. And is good at it. That's what you need. Trick or sends good cop, bad cop that shit. Send somebody in there that makes him think. Yeah. Keep talking man. Yeah. Like I'm your homie. I'm your friend. Exactly. You gotta get some good cop. You can Play the game. You need to get some, you know, you need to get some mind hunter style Yes. Teams in there. Yes. You gotta get some tension forward in there. Yeah. You just gotta, Because realistically this case is like a little over 30 years old. It can be solved. It can, It can be solved. We've seen shit solved the fucking way older than That.


The summer Tin Man was identified a couple years ago. Yeah. Like, come on. The boy in the box was identified. The The lady In the dunes. The lady in the dunes. Like we, it can happen man. It can Happen. And I just want these families and these friends of these victims, like these are three separate people who all had people that loved them. Yeah. You just want them to have some kind of closure. Yeah. You really do. And you feel like it's there. It's somewhere. It's somewhere. Oh, It makes you so mad. Maybe even as frustrating as it is. Maybe even a deathbed confession. Yeah. Something and just say where the bodies are. Yeah. You know, like so they can have somewhere to go visit their family. Yeah, exactly. But yes, that is the case of the Springfield Three. Wow. If anybody listening knows anything, saw anything, they're Still taking tips.


They're Still taking tips. You know who to call. You know where to submit them. Yeah. And in the meantime, we hope you keep listening and we hope You Keep it weird, but not so weird that you drink carbonated sparkling water because it is old and disgusting And you will be old and disgusting if you do it. That's How I feel.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


BP added more than $130 billion to the US economy over the past two years by making investments from coast to coast investments like building ev, charging hubs and Washington State and starting up new infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at bp.com/investing in America.