
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, weirdos, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am. It's called Cava and it is Hands down the best thing that I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me, you know, vanilla and chai. I like to do half, half, boom, vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I know that I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body. First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended in and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love Cava.


If you're a cat parent, you know that with all the snuggles and playtime comes the responsibilities of everyday care for your pet. And we can all relate to 5:00 AM Wake up calls for breakfast, making sure they get fresh meals if you're running late or away for the weekend. And on top of all of that, how do you even know if they're drinking enough water? Well, that's why Pet Libro designs tech products for pets and their people from automatic smart feeders. With insights to ultra filtered automatic fountains, pet Libros Award-winning products are made to magnify the bond between your pet and you. And they've even figured out how to create an app powered automatic wet food feeder, a game changer. I am obsessed with the pet Libro stuff. We have the fountains and they were nice enough to send us three automatic feeders for all of my babe base. The design is super seamless. It fits into any home decor, and the advanced tech and features are just features that you're not gonna find in regular pet products. My cats love them and they're afraid of everything. So I actually thought they were gonna be afraid of these, but they weren't. Morbid listeners, get $15 off your order of $75 or more@petlibro.com with code Morbid. This offer applies to all their pet tech products, excluding accessories. Pet libro.com code Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this Is Morbid. This Is Morbid Let was making that face out. Elena, where you like tuck your top lip, your top lip Over your bottom or your top teeth You like, tuck it into your gums. Kind, Kind. And then you start talking Southern I. Don know why. It just happens. I think I'm a southerner in a past life. Know does you have southern bell vibes? Thank you so much.


Inside of your soul. That's super duper kind. Yeah. It's also just like when, you know, talking in a southern accent is so buttery. It's also fun. Like It, it's the easiest accent to slip into. Yes. You know, brace Is pretty easy Too British is is easy. but it never sounds authentic. Nope. Never. Like never. No. Like we think it does. But a British person would be like, you shut your dirty American mouth. Yeah. Would than you Probably Right. Better say shut your filthy Mouth. But a southern accent always sounds right. Like it just sounds It's, You can't mess it up. It's buttery. Yeah. You know, I love It. It depends on where in the south. don don't know where mine is, but it feels buttery.


You know, You sort of sounded like when Reese Witherspoon goes southern, love that in love, love It. Sweet home Alabama. That crazy ass flick. Sweet home ass movie. Do you ever watch a movie that was so beloved to you in your childhood and then you're like, You watch it now and you're like, the fuck? I'm like, is everyone all Right? Like, oh my God, you guys got married again. The fuck. I also love a New Orleans accent. Like a Louisiana accent to me is so buttery. Those are a new a, I was gonna say a Louisiana. A Louisiana accent. God, a Louisiana accent is so cool, but it's one that I cannot do. Yeah. They're just, and it's cozy. It Is cozy.


If you're from Louisiana, I think you have a cozy vibe Because you know what it is like historical things are sort of, not all of them, but some of them are kind of cozy. They have a cozy vibe most of the time. Yeah. Some of The time, I should say when they go way back. Yeah. Sorta, you know. Yeah. I was trying to transition us into what we're talking about. Speaking of historical vibes. Thank you. See, you picked up what? I was stepping in. I did Today's a Haunted Hotels or Spooky Hotels. Yeah. Episode. But I think what you saw in the title, you were like, wait, wait, wait. What? Hold on. What? False advertising. The Oliver. House Murders. I thought you said, yep, She did. Didn't hear that. Did you? Didn't hear That. This is Spooky hotels, but spooky in the sense that lots of murders, lots of deaths.


And as a result, lots of hauntings On your side. On my side, mine, it does not have any murders that I could find, but it has deaths and limbs And limbs. Phantom limbs. So there's that. And real limbs. Phantom limbs, I Like that. And real ones. Isn't That a shin song? Yes. Wow. Deep cut. I love the shins. The shins are great. But yeah, you slang. No, no, No, no. Oh yes. It's so good. Alright, Go. Go off Queen. So I have two and they're in the same area. They're in Arizona. Oh, you Just better than me. I have two. What's even weirder about this? And I. This happened in real time and Ash can tell you it really happened. Yeah. So I found this hotel, the Copper Queen, and it's in Bisbee, Arizona.


Yep. I was reading about it and I'm like, wow, what? This one's a cool one. A few people had recommended it in our email. And I was like, holy shit, you guys rule. Absolutely. I want to cover this. And then as I was doing that, I came across the Oliver House Hotel in Arizona. I like that sound of that name. It's horrifying to be honest. It looks really cool though. I want to go. Let's go. And. I was like, Ooh, this one's interesting too. It was just by happenstance. Yeah. Like I was like, oh yeah, this one's cool too. You know what, I'll do a twofer because they're very interesting. And I can't pick. And so I was looking up like other, you know, all this stuff about both of them. And I come across a Ghost Adventures episode with, you know, Zach Gans, the ones the only, and And I was like, oh, which one did he go to?


And I. Look, one episode he went to the Copper Queen and the Oliver House. What are the odds? And I was like, that's weird. I guess not. That is weird because they're in the same state. And I. Think they're not far apart, but like still weird. Don don't know. It's fucking spooky breath. It's So fucking Spooky. I said that she just wanted to do the Copper Queen because she is a copper queen. And I it. And I loved child. I loved it. I really Did. Thought it was funny. Well, let me tell you about the Copper queen. Another copper Queen. Yeah, the other one. So not the copper queen. Let me not tell you about myself, but about this other copper queen. This other copper Queen. It was built in 1898 in Bisbee, Arizona. And this was after the Phelps Dodge Mining Company found that they needed, you know, some luxurious accommodations to put up prospective invest investors.


I almost said investigators. Those two, those Two investors into the mine. And you know, the corporate executives, they wanted something to like schmooze, you know? Of Course. Only the best. For the best. So, exactly. So it was, it ended up being finished in 1902 and originally had 73 rooms. And finally, you know, originally there was only one bathroom per floor. Oh no. Yeah, honey, that's not the best. For the best. Yeah. It's on Howell Street currently. And it's apparently the oldest continuously operating hotel in Arizona. Wow. Like hundreds of years old. That's cool. So, or a hundred year over a hundred years old. Yeah. But this whole like, this whole layout changed because eventually the hotel wasn't just for investors and fancy pants executives anymore, but instead it became like a hot and happening place for anyone coming through to stay in Bisbee.


Okay. It was like this cool place. Yeah. So once it started to get to be the place to stay for those outside of just fancy pants investors in the mining company, they renovated and put a bathroom in each suite like a normal hotel Would. That was fucking smart. Yeah. And this made the 73 rooms turn into 48. 'cause obviously they needed the room to kind of conjoin. Yep. Upgrade to me. Yeah, I agree. I'll take it Also. Well-known stars and like kind of iconic people have stayed at this hotel. Julia Roberts has stayed there. I love her. There you go. She's my, one of my, she might be my favorite actress. Wow, I didn't know that about you. Yeah. Oh, Erin Brockovich I mean. Yeah. Pretty Women. A pretty woman. Runaway bride.


The list goes on. The list goes on. Fucking drink the Jew. Shelby. Yep. What is that? What? Oh my god, I'm drawing a blank. I don't know. No, you Do. I You've never seen it. I'm sure. Dolly Parton, Julia Roberts. Oh, fucking still Magnolia Magno. Oh my God. Why was I about to say Fried green tomatoes? I just like, not Similar vibes. Maybe it's the same vibes, but I'm like, why was I saying that? Fried Green Tomatoes is such a good movie. but anyway, I do love Julia Roberts. Yep. There you go. Well she stayed there. Hell yeah. Marlon Brando has stayed there. Cool. Harry Houdini. Aw. So pretty cool place. Damn. If you ask me. So that sounds awesome, huh?


Let's talk about what's happened there. It Does, but your face tells me it's not So apparently, just to give you a little idea, it's pretty haunted in there. The furniture moves a lot. I like how you said that. Pretty haunted in there. Pretty haunted in there. I think they should just hire you to stand outside. Just go, hey, pretty haunted in there Doing the thumb, the thumb in there. Like, ugh. That Place. Wreaks of haunting. I've lots of haunting going on. Oh, the furniture moves a lot in particular. Okay. And with seemingly no explanation, like staff has reported that they'll leave a room in either like the lobby area or one of the rooms or in the bar area and they'll come back within a minute or two and all the furniture will be completely different.


Like too quick for it to be somebody fucking with them. I kinda love that. Yeah. They j well, somebody alive of fucking with them should Say. I was gonna say, somebody's fucking with them. Yeah. So that's interesting. That's one of the things, a lot of people hear things, they hear footsteps, they hear voices. A lot of people feel like they get touched. Oh, I hate that. They get tugged out a lot. So we're gonna talk about a couple of these specific ghosts. Okay. Because they have specific ghosts at this place and they have actually named rooms after some of these ghosts. That's Fucking cool. So first one is Julia Lowell. She was a young woman in her thirties. Yeah. Who worked as a sex worker in the early 19 hundreds. And she used the hotel to entertain her clientele.


Specifically. She used a room on the third floor. And that room is now named the Julia Lowell room. That's iconic. Like officially it has a plaque made by the hotel as it should. Now, unfortunately for Julia, the story goes that she fell in love with a married client. Oh No. Yeah, it's not great. So she decided to tell him, she goes being a brave bitch. And she was like, I'm gonna tell this man, you know, he's coming to see me. That's The same. Maybe I shoot your shot, Juliette. Yeah, Exactly. and he didn't return the feelings unfortunately. and he apparently wasn't very nice about telling her that he didn't return the feelings. What A douche. So she was very distraught. And this is really sad, but she ended up taking her own life by hanging. And she either did it in or just outside of her room.


That's so sad. Now, apparently Julia now in the afterlife is still very active. You'll smell perfume around her spirit. She has a very nice perfume. Love that she can be seen on the second and third floors. And man, she is busy. She can be seen sometimes dancing at the bottom of staircases. Just torture. I love. And she'll actively flirt with male guests. She finds attractive. Oh honey, she's having a good time in the afterlife. Yeah. She'll try to seduce them by whispering in their ears or stroking their legs or feet. Hey there. Hey there, big guy. And she Can also be seen. Sometimes people will wake up. This is my favorite. What she, she.


People will wake up and see her seductively dancing at the end of their bed. Stop it. What a sassy queen. Just throw an ass at the end of the bed. That's Julia. I love it. That's Julia. I feel like she doesn't throw ass. I feel like she kinda like, no, she's snk. Surrounds slinky. Like Yeah, like that. You know? Yeah. You know, she's definitely slinky as hell. She's very demure. Very mindful. Very mindful. Very cutesy. Cutesy. Very slinky. Slinky. But we love a Julia. She's a sassy queen. She's apparently not at all malicious in any way. She's not scary in any way. She's a welcome presence for Photo. Well fuck the guy that did her wrong.


Fuck that guy. The next ghost we have is Billy. Billy. Billy is a child ghost. Aw. Yeah. His story's a little sad, but Oh great. He seems like he's like living it up for the most part in the afterlife. Not Really. He Was an 8-year-old and he was an 8-year-old son of someone who worked at the hotel and he was like, beloved. Oh, everyone loved him there.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Yay.


Echo Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo. Kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. It's also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good and very healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get into a really good and healthy routine because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music. A morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is so grown up when they come down and tell me what it's gonna be that day. By using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility and independence. It also gives my kids a way to express themselves. Because Echo Doc kids comes in cute playful designs and kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexis sounds with pretend owl or dragon voices along with character inspired songs, jokes and greetings. Echo kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties singing and dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at amazon.com/echo Kids.


He played in the hotel a lot. Well, whoever, I don't know exactly who in his life worked there. Yeah. But he was there a lot. So he played a lot. One day he was going swimming in the San Pedro River nearby and the current overtook him and he drowned. Oh God. And it absolutely devastated everyone at the hotel. Yeah. But Billy didn't leave. He said, not today. He said, I love playing here. Not now. Not Neva. He can be seen all around the hotel most often by children because in fact, adults can't see him at all. Wow. Only children can see him. That's Cool. Yeah. What a fucking superpower that is. But he, but adults can hear him or they can feel him when he touches them.


That's spooky. He likes to tug on clothing like a little kid, or tap people from like a child's height. Like gets their attention that way. Way. Yeah. Like a tap tap. Like one of the, like a bartender there was saying that like while she was behind the bar, she, her clothing was tugged so hard that she assumed a little kid was behind her. Wow. And when she turned around he wasn't there. But according to Phoenix ghosts, Billy likes to befriend children. And there have been many reports of guests saying that their children will try to introduce them to their new friend Billy. Oh. But no one's there. That's fucking horrifying and adorable. I was just Gonna say, I would shit my pants. And also think that is the cutest thing ever. I'd say, I'm so excited for your new friend, but he's gotta go suit.


That's so lovely. Hate that. You should bring him to the light. You should bring him to the light. Tell him if he sees it, go towards it. Go towards a baby. But Billy is known to play around the hotel lobby. He also likes to move furniture in the rooms and other things. So maybe it's him. He's also likes to move guests belongings around. Oh, he's a little joke stuff. Loves it. He's a very much a jokester. He likes to take stuff to animals and put them in other locations. That's cute. He Also, he's probably just playing with them. Yeah, He is. He also likes to play with people's shoes. Huh. So he will misplace people's shoes a lot. Many guests will come down to the front desk and say, don don't know where my shoes went. That's So funny. And it's really like putting them in random spots. Objects will also float sometimes like at the child, the child level where it looks like a child is holding them.


See we've experienced like some really cool shit, I would say. Yeah. Like ever since we've been paranormal investigating with our brothers Girls Ghost, Colton. Coven. Yes. Sabrina and Karen. What's up? But we've Never seen an object Floating. No, but you know what, I'm trying to see that It's gonna happen. Oh, Absolutely. I can't wait. I feel it in my bones. I can't wait. And often people hear a little boy's giggle. Oh. Or a little boy's voice saying things like they can hear clearly a little boy's voice. And this is the saddest part though, if you are especially, there's a room that's called Billy's room. Oh. And if you're in Billy's room, if you run a shower or a bath, people say, you'll sometimes hear him crying or whimpering because he's like traumatized by the running water.


Oh that just made me so sad. And Yes. Oh, and they actually did it on Ghost Adventures. Which I know I'm like putting, I'm not putting stock in like all these shows. No, but I'm just saying like, But that's a great fucking Intro. Interesting. It's a fun, these are fun shows. I also love Ghost Hunters. Ghost Hunters. Yes. International or ghost hunters. Regular ones. Yeah. Like Taps, right Taps. That's the one. Because They're, they're so fun this time of year Too. Oh they're so fun this time of year. But they did the water thing and they did capture like a strange EVP that sounded like a child. But oh you Know, interest people should like tell him before they're gonna run a Bath. I know. Just be like, nothing bad's gonna happen to you. Pop out of the bathroom. Yeah. It's Not gonna happen.


No worry. And the last one that people see a lot is a man in a top hat. Oh That's, I don't, I don't Love that. Well the man is not named. He doesn't have a name. They don't know where he comes from. But he appears in a top hat. In a black cape. Which makes me think of Jack the Ripper Retweet. But his presence is not as ominous as Jack the Ripper apparently. That's good. He's By all accounts, pretty Chill. Okay. He's always seen smoking a cigar fucking Live In and you can smell a cigar when he's around. Sometimes I like the smell of cigar and sometimes I don't. Me Too. Me too. So it, it depends on the day. Yeah. Toss up. He's Often seen on the fourth floor, near room 4 0 9.


He feels like he kind of rules a little bit. don don't know. He's fancy. He's just smoking a cigar. Yeah. He's Got like a sexy, mysterious vibe. Yeah. And he just seems like he's hanging. Yeah. And people say he hangs a lot in like dark areas so they get freaked out by him. But I was like, don don't know. Maybe he just doesn't wanna be perceived, you know? Perhaps. Yeah. Like It's maybe he's just like, I, I'm in here 'cause I don't want you to see me. It is giving, I just wanna smoke my cigar in peace. It's giving a little bit like sleep paralysis demon. Absolutely. Like the hat man. Yes. Yeah. But if my sleep paralysis demon was smoking a cigar, that's a love lot. We might have a better relationship. 'cause I would think that's hilarious. See, it depends. It would change the way I saw it.


It Depends on the situation. You know what I mean. I feel like it would make the situation funnier though to Me possibly. You know, like right now sleep paralysis is a horrifying thing for me. Yeah. Because it's, there's nothing kooky or camp about it in any way. But like if he's smoking A cigar, I just twitched did it. Yes. You said sleep. I'm tired. Paralysis is a lot for me. Twitch. Twitch. I'm very tired. I didn't sleep Well last night. Neither of us did. So it was so bad. Yeah. But I think it would be much funnier if he was just like had a cigar and he was just like puffing a cigar in my room. I'd be like, You just chilling. Hello? Like whatcha are doing? Let me know if that happens. I will. 'cause maybe it will know.


Have you had sleep ulcers in while? I Haven't recently. I just knocked on wood to make sure I don't invite that into my life. Girl, That's from Target. That's not wood. That's not wood. Knock your walls. That's not, that's from Target too. No, she's knocked the walls. Where's the wood? Where's the wall? Someone knock on Wood, If you're listening, will you knock on wood? Maybe the Bookshelf. No baby. That's Not, I tried to, but she told me. No, That's, that's some kind of don don't know. Alright, Well my next one, let's hope. We'll all just hope together. But my next one, so that was the Copper queen. Okay. That was you and the copper queen. Me and the copper queen. The next one is the Oliver House, which this is where it all, It gets crazy.


Really goes Down. It pops off if you Like. We're going down, but now we're going down. Oh, so this is another mining hotel. Check that out. Yeah, this one was built in 1908 by Edith Oliver and Henry Oliver who is an oil tycoon and his wife. Oh, okay. They also wanted a, a place that they could house big investors and big wigs Who doesn't? A place of style. A place of class, you know, Swag if you will. Exactly. And all was well and fine. And eventually it even tracked the miners who would stay there for a long period of time, basically becoming borderers. Yeah. So it became like a boarding house for the miners eventually. It's got a spooky ass exterior. Really? Oh, I'm gonna look it up.


Which I think it knows that like the Oliver House knows That there's this like concrete walkway bridge type thing that leads to it. And it's like all overgrown like bushes and stuff that leads you into it. It's like a real experience. Yeah. But I think the the, is it the Copper Queen or is it this one? I think it's the Oliver House that has a little ghost on its, it might be the Copper Queen. One of them has a little ghost on its sign. Oh, okay. So it kind of, it kinda like leans into the fact that it's very haunted. I don't see one on the Oliver House. The Oliver House looks like you could literally pluck it out of there and put it into Nola. Yeah, It really does. The Copper Queen. The copper queen might be the one that has little ghosties on its sign, which is very cute.


I don't see it there. So let's get into the Oliver House in 1920. Nathaniel Nat Anderson was one of the lodgers staying at the Oliver House. He was a miner. He was working in the local mine. Obviously that's what miners do. Miners Just study mining. You know, he was known to be a pretty chill fellow, but his personal life was a little bit messy. Oh, he borrowed a lot of money. Oh, money. He couldn't repay. Oh. and he also had a habit of like sleeping with other people's wives. Oh, you're gonna piss a lot of people off with those, with those characters. Hobbies. With those hobbies of yours. It was in habits and hobbies.


And I put hobbies cruel. Gru. So he was having a very torrid affair with a woman during this time. Okay. And oops, it happened to be the wife of a man he owed a lot of money to. So he combined his hobbies here. Oh, what are you doing guys? Which is a bad idea, Nate. Bad idea. Because this man found out where Nate was staying and he barged into the room at the hotel shot Nate between the eyes and then again in the back twice. Fuck yes. He was found at the top of the stairs near room 13. Ooh, spooky. Yeah. He got, now this guy who shot him got away with it because he covered it up by staging a robbery in another room and then running the fuck out of there.


Still hasn't been caught to this day. Whoa. And this was in the twenties. Yeah. That's crazy. In twenties. In the twenties. Yeah. So that's a little scary. And we'll talk about a little bit more about, you know, the, some of the ghosts that have come out of these things. Yeah. Like guests who will stay in room 13 will hear footsteps. Sometimes they'll see Nate like, full body apparition. Nate, I don't want to see that. And they always feel like they're being watched in that room. Oh, and the hotel, there's actual like copies of Nate's death certificate. So this is like a real thing. Legit. And on the death certificate it says cause of death pistol shot to the forehead.


Fucking a like it says it right there. There's articles about the event. I found one from the tombstone epitaph and part of it says an inquest. Yesterday morning shed little or no light on the murder, the coroner's jury gave a verdict of death from gunshot wounds at the hands of an unknown person following the shooting. Both Mrs. Richard Davis, the landlady. This is of the Oliver House. And a rumor saw a man leaving the place. They did not see him clearly enough to describe him. The theft of money and a watch from Kay Ross's room, a short time prior to the shooting remains a puzzling feature of the crime. The weight of evidence against the theory that the man who entered Ross's room is the same man That shot Anderson is almost overwhelming.


On the other hand, everything points to the crime as being an act of a man who had some personal score to settle with Anderson. Sounds like it. A score of violent hatred before firing the shirt. The third shot into the prostate man's back. That means that he was like down on the ground. Okay. His assailant cursed him with a vile epithet. What? Which like, damn, that's wild. And it says there's a wooden foot bridge across the canyon leading to the front of the hou of the house. A nearby neighbor said that before the shooting, a scuffle was heard on the bridge and a woman screamed. The police think that the robbery of K Ross's room might have been a coincidence or might have been done with the object of throwing them off the trail to make it seem as if it was the act of common thiefs trying to escape.


So they were onto this fucker. They were a little bit onto this fucker, but they could never find them. Damn. Halloween is just around the corner. But Hulu Ween is here. Hulu is the streaming home to fresh fall releases that'll creep under your skin. Like immaculate starring Sydney Sweeney FXs American Horror Stories. The new thriller film. Hold Your Breath starring Sarah Paulson and FXs chilling horror thriller Grotesquery. So snuggle into your couch with a pumpkin spice latte and watch all your scary favorites. Turn your Halloween into Halloween and stream till you scream on Hulu.


Have you heard the News Weirdos? The highly anticipated sequel to the breakout horror? Hit Smile is coming to theaters October 18th. That's right. Smile two is about to unleash a whole new level of twisted terror. If you thought the first smile was terrifying, I sure did. Just wait until you see what's in store. This time around. The filmmakers are taking the story to new heights and they're doing it all on the big screen. Naomi Scott leads the cast as Global Pop Sensation Sky Riley, a character haunted by the pressures of fame and her own family's Dark Secrets. Sky's struggle to maintain her sanity in the face of escalating terror she's facing is sure to have you on the edge of your seat. Smile two is written and directed by Parker Finn, the talented filmmaker behind the first film, whose unique vision inspired a can't miss theatrical experience that was praised by critics and audiences and ashes alike.


I'm obsessed with the First Smile movie. I am so, so excited that they are releasing a sequel. And I. Can't wait to see it because it actually looks even scarier than the first one. If that's even possible. Get ready for a chilling and pulse pounding experience. A smile two hits theaters on October 18th. I know. I can't wait. Which is crazy. Now, according to like a few websites, there's a local DJ that took a bet for a hundred dollars. It was like a whole thing. It was like on a radio show or something like a radio dj. Okay. and he said he'd for a hundred bucks, he'd go stay in the Nate Anderson room.


I Would need more money than that. Well and he was, the reason was, he was like, I don't believe in ghosts. I think this is bullshit. Oh. And I'm gonna prove it all to you. That's Always the beginning of a wild experience. Yep. He said when he went into the room, he saw Nate's ghost standing in that room staring Right the fuck at him. Immediately he immediately went back to the front desk, handed them back his key and said, I don't want the a hundred dollars. He literally gave it back. He said, That is quite all right folks. I'm am a believer. He like, he's like, you know what? You got it. Like, nope, not doing that. So there's, so there was that, that murder and that is confirmed in 1932 there was a literal mass murder.


Oh. At the Oliver House where 12 people were killed. Holy Shit. So A local police deputy found out his wife was having an affair. Oh See, it's always fair. There's A lot of affairs in the Oliver House. Like it's wild. That's Maybe it's like, Yeah. Something in the air. Don don't know. But he tracked her and her Paramore to the Oliver House where he found them in what it was referred to as the blue room. Oh. I was like, sounds sassy. Sounds The blue room sounds kind of nice. Yeah. He shot them both in the head in bed and then systematically walked through the hotel killing 10 more people in the process. Why Did he kill a bunch of I? mean, why do you kill anybody? But I Think he was angry. Damn. It only ended when he turned the gun on himself.


Oh wow. Yeah, so, so I guess it was 13 people. But guests who stay in the blue room are treated to a really fucking heavy vibe. They say, I would bet. Like right away it feels dark. It feels sinister. It feels ominous in there. Most of them say also people hear cries for help and screams. A lot of people hear no being screamed. Oh. Staff also find the furniture moved almost every time they clean that room and which is just, whoa. But I think it's, it's moving furniture. Yeah. And. I. Think it's the vibe. Mm. Like the vibe really fucks people up in that room. Yeah. But in 1986 this, the Oliver House was bought by Dennis France who turned it into a bed and b breakfast.


Ooh. And it's now an adults only hotel and referred to as your H away from home. Let's fucking go. So it is this one that has like a little ghost on one of the signs. Oh, okay. It's not, maybe it's not the sign, but it's like one of the signs has a little ghostie on it and it's cute. I wanna go To that. And even now there is a guest book for guests to share their stays and like what they experience. I always love that. Like the one at the Lizzie Bne House from Lizzie Borden house. That was so scary. That one is fucking Terrifying. That's when we got all kinds of activity, activity happening. Yeah. And it is full of ghost experiences. And there specifically is mentioned that there's a portal in one of the rims. Like several people said that they say it's on the bed.


What? And people feel like their limbs fall asleep and they're like touched. They're pulled, they smell things, they hear things. And actually in that same like Ghost Adventures episode, they caught a scream on ca on EVP. That was actually really scary. Are you serious? And yeah, when they asked who, whoever it was, why they were screaming, the EVP answered, I'm angry and it was like a very scary voice. Fair enough. So I mean why not? You know, like you, why are you screaming? I'm angry. Screaming Up. Okay sir. Thank you. Bye. But that's all we're gonna pack up now. But that is the copper queen in the Oliver House. Wow. Those are freaking Cuckoo.


They were very interesting ones. I could have read about those all day day to be honest. I could have listened to them all day Because What The fuck? Because what the fuck Arizona. Those Are scary. Well I'm taking you to Savannah because you know how haunted Savannah is and we're gonna talk about the Marshall House Hotel. The Marshall House Hotel, which was built all the way back in 1851. Oh hell yeah. Is one of Savannah's oldest hotels and is currently the oldest operating hotel that Savannah has. Wow. It was named after Molly Magdalene, lever Marshall. What a name. I know. Damn. Four names. So you know she's legit. She came from a really prominent family in Savannah and she inherited a lot of Moula Moula when her parents passed away.


Get it girl. But Luckily it seems like they raised her right because she was known to be a Phil. A Phil, I can never say this word. Philanthropic. Yes. She was known to be a philanthropist in the area. There you go. She felt like the city, just like in your story, needed some kind of accommodations for visitors. Yeah. Somewhere nice to stay. And that's where she came up with the idea for a beautiful hotel in the shopping district that could do just that. Smart. She said, go shopping, stay here. Now she had inherited some land from her father and felt like it would be the perfect spot to build a Hotel on. Let's go girl. Sitting On current day East Broughton Street. I think that's how you say that. The hotel opened its doors in 1851 and many architectural historians believe that it's actually the finest structure she ever built because she also built the Mary Marshall Row on East Ogle Thorpe Avenue.


Of course, yes. About four or five, four or five years after the Marshall House. And then she also built the Mary Marshall houses, which were built in 1859. Damn. Yes. Lots of Mary Marshall properties in the area. She Really went for it. She did. Now, even though the name would make you think that the Marshall House Hotel had, you know, maybe been an actual home at one point it it never was. but it did serve as a boarding house and a hospital during the Civil War. Oh damn. And as a hospital during two yellow fever epidemics. So many hotels were civil war hospitals. Once so many, it's just like damn. Especially in the South. Yeah. Like obviously it seems like a lot of the hauntings obviously come from the time when the hotel was used to hospitalized soldiers.


Oh yeah. I think at first it was actually just for union soldiers and then it was like any soldier. Yeah. Just people Were getting so injured. But one of the main hauntings, and this is fucking terrifying, one of the main hauntings people report is running into a man in the lobby who is holding his own severed arm and begging for help or like a surgeon to sew it back on. What do you do run in that situation but then like so far away. But you're like this poor guy I know. Like he's just, he just wants to be fixed. I didn't Read anybody who had like actually found a doctor for him. Like Did you just grab your cell phone and be like nine, nine one one.


There's a man with no arm. He's translucent. Can you help him? Little misty. That's the thing. Like little foggy, little misty. How do you help him? I feel bad. I do too. But guests have also reported waking up in the middle of the night with their arm outstretched, like from their bedside and having the sensation that somebody's touching like their lower arm area or their wrist. Oh my god. Like a nurse working on them or checking their pulse. No, I do not consent. There have also been reports of people feeling like somebody's touching their forehead. Like for a fever when like when they're laying in bed. Oh no thank you. Yeah. Now one of the perks of the hotel is that there are of course ghost tours and there's also a museum with like a ton of artifacts from the time.


Ooh. So you can join the ghost tours and the tour includes seeing the old operating room from when it was a hospital. Oh that's cool. And people who have joined these tours reports seeing doctors working on patients and even shut up people who don't even go on the tour have said that they've seen doctors like rushing through the hallway. Oh My god. And. I would Love that. And asked like the front desk or somebody like, oh is something going on? And they're like, oh no, like that's the ghost. Yeah, that's Oh that's just a ghost. Yeah, sorry about that. And people have also reported seeing other soldiers walking around with missing limbs. Oh my god. Yeah. And there's also reports of another man walking around asking people if they've seen his arm.


Aw, Another man without an arm. Like, I'm sorry everybody. It's very sad. Yeah. Now this is fucking crazy. And the late, I think it was there, the reports vary between like 1996 and 1999. I saw both. So I said in the late 1990s there was a major renovation and the workers were redoing some of the floors in the hotel and on the ground floor where the surgery room used to be, they found skeletal remains. No, when they dug the floors up, of course they did. And all the remains were believed to be amputated limbs. What? Isn't that fucking crazy? So They were just burying disembodied limbs? I guess so.


Oh, now all these people are just walking around looking for 'em. That's the thing. And like then they found them. Damn. But don don't know what they ended up doing with them because still damn people are looking for their limbs. Yeah. To this day, guest in rooms 4 14, 3 14 And two 14, which are said to be among the most haunted rooms. They say that they'll get a whiff of foul odors. Ooh. One account I found on Ghost City Tour said when they were first renovating the hotel in opening it in 19 99, 3 rooms had foul smells and bad vibes. So overpowering that the staff and workers could not stay in in them long enough to get anything done. Damn rooms. 2 14, 3 14 and four 14. Four 14 being the worst.


And I stink it. I think it's still very active today. What's funny is you just said I stink it. I said it at first and it kinda worked. It kinda Worked. And to elaborate on that, this person said they tried every deodorizer they could get ahold of and nothing worked. Damn. Finally they had a prayer slash blessing in those rooms and the smell and vibes relented only with four 14, still having the persisting odor and vibes. Damn staff is said to play gospel music in that room when they're cleaning it. Because that's the only thing that keeps the vibes and odor at bay. Shut up. But also imagine how fucking, like if you like gospel music, I'm not making fun of it or anything, it just personally creeps me out. Yeah. I feel like that would just add to the, to the scary Vibes. Well and that's the thing when it's like when scary things are afoot and you hear gospel music, it just makes it scary.


'cause it's such a like a juxtaposition of things. Yes. You know, like it's too very dichotomous feelings of like Yeah like gospel music is supposed to uplift people and make them feel safe and then this room is fucking terrifying and a ghost might pop out At you and gospel music is playing and it's like, oh my Lord. Yeah. Literally. Oh my Lord. Oh my Lord. That's, it's like when in a horror movie, they play like a kid's song or something like that. Oh I hate that. Like I don't, I've probably said it on the podcast before but I fucking hate the sound of kids singing. You really do. It's one of my biggest hatreds.


Got pictures of your travels, your people, or even your pets. If they mean something, make them something. Get them off your phone and into a high quality photo book. Don't have time. Give Shutterfly 24 hours and their designer service will make it for you for free. I am obsessed with Shutterfly When it comes time for gifting anything, I'm typing in Shutterfly to my browser and I'm going nuts. Here's an ornament, here's a photo book. Here is something you are going to cherish for the rest of your life. And it was so simple and easy for me to do. No matter where you keep your photos on your phone, Instagram, Facebook or Google, you can easily upload with one click to make your creations. The photo books are also made easily with their 24 hour designer service in just three steps. You upload your photos and their designers create your book in 24 hours. You hit print or customize much more as you want. And there's a wide range of styles, sizes and photo book upgrades. So there's a photo book option for every type of adventure. I actually made a little photo book on Shutterfly from my wedding and it was absolutely gorgeous. Visit shutterfly.com and use promo code Morbid for 40% off Shutterfly orders over $29. See site for promotional details.


But even after the renovations love, there are a lot of the original structures still in the hotel to this day. It still has or it's original wood floors, original staircases. Wow. Fireplaces. Brick walls. So the vibes, Pretty much all of the doors are the original doors. Damn. And even some artwork from way back in the day. One of the original paintings is a portrait of Mary Marshall herself in the lobby and it was painted around 1830 and there's a story of a guest and his younger daughter checking out and the little little girl saw the painting and grabbed her dad and was like, oh, I saw that lady in the hallway like while we were staying here Shut up.


and he Was like, cool, glad we're checking out. Freaky. That's so fucked up. Imagine your kid just being like, oh I saw that lady and you're like, you didn't, I Saw that lady from the 1830s. You're like, oh shit in the hall. Oh shit. But other guests have reported seeing her too. Oh and other spooky happenings include doorknobs jiggling in the middle of the night toilets overflowing. Oh that would fuck me up. And. I would fucking hate that. Yeah. Because I would assume it's like a, a live person trying to come into my room. Also I'd be screwed because whenever I stay at a hotel I put a alarm in front of the door like Drew literally Has would constantly be dawn off. Yeah. Constantly. But toilets overflow for no reason. People hear disembodied voices, especially children's voices and they hear like children's activities specifically on the fourth floor guests who are staying there.


I've heard kids running up and down the halls at all hours of the night. They hear like rubber, rubber balls bouncing or they'll, they'll hear like marbles, like kids playing with marbles. Oh. And they'll call down to the front desk to be like, hey, like there's a loud family and there's like, like the front desk worker will be like, there's no kids on the floor tonight. There's a loud family. And they're like, there's not in the Hallway. There's not even a quiet family, there's no Family, there's actually no family staying on the floor. Or people will stick their heads out into the hall and see nothing when they like just heard something out there. Some guests also have woken up in the morning with small bite marks on their arms. No. So like watch out.


'cause the kids in this hotel happened to be Wiley. They're Biting you. One little girl, she was staying there with her mom on the third floor. And. I. Guess she was like taking a bath and she started screaming and ran out of the bathroom and when her mom asked what was wrong, she showed her her arm and there was a bite mark on it. A little bite mark. No, I'd wanna like throw hands at this point like don't you need biting my kids? I'll fight you. Yeah. You bite food, you don't bite people. Yeah. Somebody better teach you that. That's the thing. Yeah. You fuck with a kid like ghost kid or not? That's messed up. That's messed up. But when the mom was like, what happened? She said that the little boy in the bathroom had done that to her. No. So the mom goes into the bathroom and takes a peek around and there there because she was about there To fuck it up if there's a little boy biting her kid in The bathroom.


Oh she like in a in a YI oughtta kind of Zone YI oughtta But there was no one to oughtta, There's no one to auto Now lights also flicker or dim in explicitly. Hello. Hello. Inexplicably faucets turn off and on on their own. And then apparently author Joel Chandler Harris had a room there that he stayed in quite quite often and guess who stay in that room can hear a typewriter still clicking. Oh Stop. Which I thought that was pretty cool. Okay. I love that. Also electronics will turn on and off by themselves. Ooh. Like your phone will turn off and then on again. Okay. And guess what Elena? What? One of our very own listeners stayed at the Marshall house.


I knew it. Hotel and wrote in a tale to share about her and her husband's Scary. I knew they did experience. Tell me. Alright, so this is, let me make sure I can say your name. I think I can. It's Misty. Misty. So hello beautiful souls. I wanted to share my husband's and myself recent trip to Savannah, Georgia. I really enjoy watching ghost shows. Really anything paranormal. My husband always thought they were ridiculous, which makes this even better. We decided to stay in the Marshall House, which was built in 1851. It was used as a hospital during the yellow fever epidemic and in the mid 18 hundreds as a union hospital during the Civil War. They still have many artifacts and things still on display throughout the hotel. But onto the story of course, we were put on the fourth floor, which was reported to have the most activity.


We were put in room 4 0 9. We get to our room and my husband turns on the light that's sitting on the desk and the light starts to flicker slightly before it starts to cut off and on, which could be explained by faulty wiring I guess. Sure. That was the first day. Nothing more happened that day. The next morning he went out to get my hairbrush for me out of the car. On his way back in, he got into the elevator, pushed the button to the floor, fourth floor. But when the doors opened, he was on the basement level and nobody was waiting for the elevator. Oh damn. So the door closes and takes him to the fourth floor, which we joked about the day before that we would like to go down and see down to the basement and see if it was that creepy. The whole time he has the hairbrush deep in his coat pocket.


When he gets back to the room, I ask her the hairbrush. It's gone. Even though he had just checked to make sure it was there when he was walking into the door after searching the room, he went back out to the back out to the hall and there was the hairbrush in the middle of the hallway. What the fuck? As we were preparing to leave the room, he couldn't find his key card. We looked through bags, pulled the sheets off the bed, double checked his pockets. The key card was nowhere to be found. We go to breakfast and come back to look again. He starts moving everything around. He lifts the silver tray that has the heavy silver ice bucket on it and his key card is sitting in the center under the silver tray. What like why would that happen? Yeah, this next one is a little strange, but he's very particular about his socks and things in his shoes.


He will not even wear two different kinds of socks. We had walked about two blocks to River Street and had been going in the shops, et cetera for about two hours. When we decided to shut to stop for a coffee as we were walking out, he said he needed to stop because something was in his shoe. When he took his shoe off, he had a nickel in it. Considering we pay for everything with our debit slash credit card and he's particular about if his shoes and he's particular about his shoes. That was very strange. I thought it was great. These strange things happening to him. Since he's so skeptical about all these type of things, apparently I should have kept my opinion to myself that night. After dinner I went to get the ice out of the machine, down the hall from the room. As I was walking back, I felt like I was being followed and really wanted to rush back to the room.


The rest of the night I was nervous and decided to sleep with the TV on Later I was woken up to what sounded like my husband getting ice from the bucket into a cup. I thought it was him until I heard him snoring next to me. Oh No. Me being the brave person I am. I closed my eyes as tight as I could to pretend that I was not even there. Then I noticed that the TV had also been turned off as well. And I kept getting really bad cold chills. The room was quite warm so that didn't make sense. But thank goodness we were leaving the next morning. Of course I asked the husband if he cut the TV off during the night and he said no he hadn't. It was all fun and games when things were hopping into him. But my tune changed when it was my turn. Maybe the talking I heard in the hall and the door slamming was not actually other people staying there.


Of course I Googled room 4 0 9 when I got home and found a video of something similar to the light thing that happened to somebody else staying in that room. We've been back home a week with nothing weird ever taking place. No strange vibes. At our house. We live on seven acres away from the road. At three 30 this morning our two chihuahuas start barking, waking both of us up. I heard someone say hush sass. The dog's name is sassy but we call her sass and she stopped barking immediately. This is the first time this has happened and everybody else was in bed. As I was driving up the driveway to take my son and nephew to school the next morning my nephew screamed, what is that? After slamming on the brakes, I asked what he saw and he said nothing. I asked again and he said he saw a woman in a white gown with long black hair standing next to the creek by the trees.


No, I told him it was probably just a tree, you know? Fair. Because most trees look like the creepy girl from the ring. Yeah. A tree with hair, you know. But yeah, you know my husband has also mentioned something coming home with us since he keeps getting random cold chills again, being the brave person I am, I'm hoping like crazy something didn't decide to have a vacation in our home like we did theirs. Sorry if this is long and all over the place. Maybe if I have time again I can share the story about my oldest son son's imaginary great-Uncle Booboo that my brother ended up seeing and describing the very same thing my son did several years later. Absolutely love your show. Stay safe and continue to be your wonderfully weird selves. Misty.


Misty, Like did she bring one of the ghosties home with her? You Brought a lady home with you. You brought a lady And. I didn't even hear about a lady in white at this hotel. That's 'cause she took her home with her. Is she not there anymore? She's not there. No. Misty. But that is the Marshall House Hotel in Misty's experience. You know what's funny? Misty mentioned room 4 0 9. There's a room 4 0 9 is where the man in the top hat is seen in Your story In in the Copper Queen. That's weird. That's nuts. Oh My goodness. Wow. Spooky. That is spooky. Spooky. It's that Season we get to do more of these spooky cases. And. I. Just love doing them.


I know. And it's, it's fun when they can, when they're kind of like, when you can combine the true crime with the spooky. Spooky. Yeah. That is always fun. Because oftentimes you need a true crime to have a spooky, spooky. That's The thing. So, Well And I guess. Technically mine had some kind of true crime. 'cause you're definitely not supposed to bury limbs under Floorboards. Yeah. That feels like a crime. So it A crime of sorts. I think We might be a business there. That's the thing. Be Honest. But yeah, it's spooky season, so you know how we do during spooky season, you're gonna get some spooky stuff. Yep. But it's gonna be, you know, it's gonna be what you're looking for. Yeah. You know, you Never Scanned. We never stray too far. No. And if you guys wanna suggest any spooky things like haunted cemeteries.


Haunted Hotels. Haunted schools. Haunted Prisons. Haunted prisons, just anything. Send them into Morbid podcast@gmail.com with haunted Insert haunted thing here. Yeah. In the subject line. And tell us all about it. Yeah, tell us. Yeah. Which ones you wanna hear about, because we'd love, we are always down to dig into these ones. They're really fun. Yeah. So please do, Please do. I think next spooky installment is gonna be spooky ho. Nope. This is Spooky Hotel. Spooky Cemeteries. Again. I sent spooky cemeteries. And. I. Have a really good One. I also have a really good one. No, I do. I have a really good one. It's Better. So guys, enjoy spooky season and we're off to the races.


We're off to the races, So you know, here we are. We hope you Keep listening And we hope you keep it weird, Weird, but not so weird that you don't send in your spooky suggestions. Happy spooky season. I'm so excited. Yay.


Let's go. Girls, What Do you mean?


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What happens when a hacker uncovers hundreds of murder plots targeting people all over the world? Each of them posted on a hitman for higher sight on the dark web with their photos, habits, and intimate details all used against them. What happens when they learn that the threat is coming from the person closest to them? Or what is the psychological profile of a father who would murder his own son and wife all to hide a drug addiction and years of embezzlement? How do we understand the actions of the most complex and twisted minds from cases of serial killers? Relationships turned dark to manipulative scammers preying on the insecurities of regular people? Wie's Exhibit C is your partner in crime. Listen to the best of true crime by following Exhibit C on the Wandery app. Wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to hit true crime shows like Kill List and Killer Psyche Early and Ad Free right now by joining Wondery Plus.