
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plans and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am obsessed with fast growing trees. We actually ordered a couple things from them. I got a couple shrubs and I also got a lemon tree. So I'll always have fresh lemons. If you know me, you know that I love Shannon Borre and you gotta have nine lemons in that bowl, baby. So I'm excited about that. And listen, you don't need to have a yard or a lot of space. You can grow, like I just said, a lemon tree and avocado, olive, or even a fig tree inside your home. On top of the wide variety of houseplant available this spring, they have the best deals for your yard. Up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Morbid at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code Morbid at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Morbid. Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Morbid to save today. Offer is available for a limited time Terms and conditions apply.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash. And this is Marvin. It's Marvin. We're ourselves again, honey. I don't know why we went there, but it felt right. We tried a transatlantic thing. I think almost. It's like when we did the Bob haired Bandit. Yeah. And I tried so hard to be transatlantic and I just wasn't transatlantic. You know, death Cab for Cutie. We did a whole thing. Yeah. There. You know what, there's a, before TikTok goes away, we might as well start with just nonsense.


Insert WWW. Before TikTok goes away, there's this comedian on there, her name is Carissa, and I wanna find her real, her full name Carissa. She, she, her whole act is, she's like this something darling is her name. I love that. And she does this, like, she does crowd work in a transatlantic accent in full like gown. Oh, like into that. What's your name, darling? Like, it's just like, oh, that was really good. And so that's, And she does the whole act like that. That was good. And she's fucking hilarious. So, so Carissa, go find her. Go find her and find out where she goes. I'm gonna find her on there while we continue because, so I can shout her out. I'm not fully convinced that tiktoks going anywhere.


I don't think anybody really is. Yeah. And if it is, we are like, I'll be like a little bit sad for probably like two days and then I'll be like, wow, look at all this stuff I completed in my free time. Yeah. Right. Because it, it eats up a lot of my time. It's true. So I don't think it's that bad of a thing in that ca in that scenario, but No, but I do feel bad for like creators who have made like a living on there and everything. Well, that's the thing. It's been around for how many years and it's like when you've made a living off of this, it's like your actual job. Yeah. Like our girl Isabelle. Oh, our girl Isabelle. Oh, I don't know what I'm gonna do without Isabelle's. Isabelle. Anna Lee. Anna Lee. Tyler Mikayla. Funny. Mikayla, what am I gonna do when I can't go to Patto? Like we had to Patto. I'm gonna be so sad when I can't go to Patto. It's a Carissa Hendrix by the way.


Carissa Hendricks. Let me see. Go find her. And she, she's so pretty And she just like roasts people. Like in the, in the, but but in like the most classy way. That's my dream job. I love her. We kind of do that actually. She's really funny. So just go find her anywhere. I don't know. Find that girl. Find that girl. Carissa Hendricks. All right. But yeah, I don't know. We just went with a twenties theme today. Yeah. Just kinda, I don't even know whose idea this was. Maybe it was Mikey. Mikey, was this your idea? You Mentioned it during the Bob Hair Bandit, I think. Boom. There it is. There it is. Speaking of like actual regular episodes. This is an actual episode, but it's Listener Tales. So we are going to put out Rodney part two.


Rodney, I'll call it part two on Monday. If you're watching this, it's probably like Thursday or like this came out on a Thursday. So we just wanted to have like a little breather after part one. Quick little pallet cleanse. Yeah. We're gonna get into some gnarly shit in part two and three. So this is like your little sendoff into that. Yeah. Which is nice. Yeah. Yeah. We love it. Yeah. I picked the tales today. They are, there's like sort of a theme I guess. I feel like there's a theme, but without a theme. Yeah. I did Like the vibes are right. I looked for like, I, I searched the word Gatsby. I searched the creepy doll and yeah. That fit and speakeasy. I like that. Yeah. All things that, you know, felt like they all make the time.


And even if they're not, it makes sense. Yeah. Also, I wanna wear these gloves every day as you should. Also, I had something really cool happen before this and I'm having trouble concentrating and I can't say what it is yet, but it's awesome. It is. It's really cool. I just had to say that. And we can't say too much because I feel I give things away so easily. Yeah. Like with my face and like, even like one, I'll say one thing and people are like, I know exactly what you're saying. And I'm like, I was really trying to be, I was trying to be, I was trying to be undercover there. Trying to be coy. I could never be a narc. No. Or well, I guess maybe No, you, maybe I'd be a good narc. You just wouldn't be a good undercover. Like, you couldn't be like an informant. No, no. Oh my God. No.


I think about that all the, like when we, no, I, I, I think about that a lot. I think about that a lot when we do like cases where somebody wears a wire. I'm like, I could never, first of all, like my IBS could, I would just shit myself instantly. My IBS could never, my IBS could not handle that and neither could my delicate psyche. 'cause we're, we're one step away from a full break. I just laugh anytime I'm feeling any type of way. Yeah. I start laughing or smiling. Remember? So I'd be so shitty. Remember the time that I was, I can, I won't say who it is, but remember the time we had to go to a funeral together and we couldn't stop laughing because I just can't handle emotions. No, nothing was funny. It was actually very sad, funny.


But we were sat together in a church pew, If you can fucking picture that. And we just couldn't stop laughing and we couldn't. And my grandpa gave a eulogy and it was so Boston. It's true. It was super boss, great guy. You know, great guy. We were like, oh God, the greatest guy. You know, I fricking loved that guy. But it, yeah, I can, anytime to process an emotion, I laugh or smile. Yeah. I do that too. It's, it's really, and I, I often have to say, I'm not finding this funny. I'm, I am upset. Yeah. Like I have to tell people like, I'm not, I'm upset. I promise. Yeah. That's your chm too. It is. It's very ous. It's part of that. It's, and so I don't, it's just so this is the only way I know how to process anything. Yeah. So I'm just gonna like maniacally laugh for Okay.


Which this is a good thing. Yeah. So it makes sense. Do you wanna go first? Do you think that will be helpful or do you Yeah, go first. Okay. I think that, that sounds good. Dive in because I'm so happy. Og Morbid. She's about to dive in everybody. I'm about to to dive in there. It's, oh, that was really good Alicia. That was good. Is she here? Hello. This is go. We need like a little like seance table in front of us, which I feel like we're dressed for. Oh yeah. You're, you actually table tipping. I feel like something about the green is giving Barry Madame Tta. Oh, I love that. Is it Leona or Otta? It's whatever you want it to be. Thank you. This is your show. I think it's, it can be what you want. Trixie and Kats A and not yours.


Exactly. So you can make it whatever you want. I wish we took that tagline. I know. Like I wish we thought of it. That's a great tag. Very better. Like I wish we stole that from them. I wish we could steal it. No, I love them. So should I do the time a ghost shoved peaches up my nose? Yeah. That one's really funny. Actually. Just nose. I said nosed. I'm not really sure. I didn't even hear that you said nosed. You say whatever you wanna say. I will. 'cause it's my show and not yours. Just kidding. All right, so let's, let's get to this. All right. Hi there. Spooky gals. Hi, my name is Jessie. Okay. I was making sure I could use it. I can use it. I don't mind If you use it. I appreciate you ladies and whatnot. I would say all the mushy stuff, but I'm not good at that girl. Neither is this one. Me neither.


I'm the mushy as gushy. So I'll just say you love us. You love us and we love you. In fact, I had to say something really mushy to John the other night. You did. I had like a moment. You know how you get that moment of feeling like over overwhelmingly appreciative. Yeah. Like you're just like, wow, you're so lovely. Yeah. And I get to hang with you forever. Yeah. And so I had all these like weird like emotions about it and he happened to be upstairs doing something. So I texted him and I literally said, I don't know how to do this in person, so deal with it. And he was like, that first part of the text had me down also 18 years into marriage. I don't really know how to tell you how much I love you. So deal with it. So deal with it. I'm gonna text it to you. But he was like, he literally was like, I'm dying.


You're unreal. Sorry. I had a little told him piece of hair and like just like one piece of hair. Oh that happens to me a lot. Here it is. I got it. So I just didn't want you to yell at me for touching my face. No, don't worry. It's cool. So it says insert bunch is a mush here. LOL. Honestly, that's essentially what I did to John. I love that you did. You guys are the best. And get what I mean. I do. I love you. I appreciate you. I respect you. I previously sent this tale in, but after rereading it due to my BFF Alyssa, you can use her name. Thank you. 'cause I used it. Who also loves Morbid by the way. Thank you Alyssa. Alyssa told me I severely spelled ottoman wrong. I mean that happens. I would've done that too. I don't spell things correct.


Yeah. I realized that in an effort to stay on topic and not get distracted a million times, like I tend to do that. My tail was pretty, was actually pretty short and needed more zest. Oh, I love zest. We love zest, darling. The zest we're, we're going for the zest. Zest. Stay zest. However, If you want a quick one then feel free to use the original version. I'm not picky. I want this one. Yee-haw. Let's get into it. I'm from Florida, hence my yee-haw. I was wondering Yee-haw Anywhoo. I'm a full-time dog nanny. That's awesome. Another dream job that I could, that's a fucking great job that I could handle. Yeah, I could do that. My IBS could definitely take that. And they said yes. You could call it a pet sitter, but dog nanny sounds way cooler. I like dog nanny.


I agree. Dog nanny. Yeah. A nanny for dogs. Yeah. For context. Back in the day, I used to groom dogs full time and give them snazzy haircuts. I love that. Shout out to Ash. I know it's not the same, but still we were both some sort of hairstylist. It's also probably better 'cause dogs can't talk. Yeah. And you gotta make those dogs look fresh. So it makes sense. One thing I'm gonna miss about TikTok is watching dog grooming videos. Yes. When they make them look like little teddy bears. Little teddy bears. Little teddy bears and they put the little bows on their hair. Oh, I love it. I love that. Back then I didn't dog nanny much since I was focused on being a dog barber. But there was a family with two dogs that I was, have always made time to nanny for. And I have claimed the dogs as my own since then. I would do that too.


I visit them three to five times a week. I'd like to think if the doggies were to become parentless for whatever reason, that they would come live with me over anyone else in the family. I love how dark that thought is. If their entire family died, I feel like I would get custody of them. I feel like if for some reason their parents just weren't here anymore, then I would get those dogs if they just like vanished off the entire earth. I love your mind. Yeah. Love it. It's good. I've had dogs written to me in people's wills. That's like high praise. That's the highest of praise. Like truly. Are you leaving me your dogs? Damn. You gotta have you. I trust you with them for sure.


But I wouldn't want to disrupt your cats. That's because I care about those cats. Yeah, thank you. I care about those dogs. Yeah. We'll figure it out later. We'll figure it out off camera. That's cool. Let's, she's not going anywhere. Yeah. You know, let's hope they stay alive. Because while I want all the dogs in the world, I already have two amazing fur babies on my own and if I end up with more, I may need to get a bigger house. Yeah. Well already for the first few years the family mentioned above, lived in a beautiful, safe feeling house. Well, not anymore. Oh. Last year they moved the pet parent, as I like to call it, had mentioned that her mother who previously owned the home, left behind some antique items such as vintage mirrors, figurines, and the scariest dolls you have ever seen all throughout the house.


Plus the house is covered in old-timey wallpaper, which isn't super relevant other than the spooky ooky vibes I love. Which isn't super relevant, but spooky ooky. I love like vintagey wallpaper, in fact. Oh, me too. There's a wallpaper man at my house right now figuring out how much wallpaper I need to order, which is really badass. I'm so excited. It makes me wanna wallpaper. I'm gonna order so much wallpaper. I love that. Flash forward to the first time I had a slumber party with the dogs there. There was a double closet in the room I was staying in. I was hearing sounds from one side of the closet throughout the night. Kind of like a tapping or soft banging noise. No, I'm a scaredy cat in general. So this was a huge Nope. For me. Yep. I opened that side of the closet only to find creepy dolls.


In rocking chairs. Specifically doll sized rocking chairs. You said in rocking chairs or? And rocking chairs. In rocking chairs. I just pictured like dolls on one side. Multiple rocking chairs. Rocking chairs on the other. And these are dolls in the rock in they're doll sized rocking chairs. No, just tiny rocking chairs. Ready? I'm gonna look at every camera and say, no, no, no, no. That's not even my camera. But I'm gonna look at it and say, no, no. Uhuh. Uhuh not open here. No. It reminds me of Ma. I love that bitch. Yeah, I love that bitch so much. Love that bitch. But at home, in one of our hallways, ma had, I'm not shitting your dicks guys.


She had three like big like three Three story cases. Yeah. Of dolls. Yeah. And let me tell you, when you're like sneaking home at night after like a little, the dolls, you sneak home at night fully sober. You walk up the stairs in the daytime at that house fully sober, the dolls, they're going to eat you. The dolls. They're coming at you. They're staring at you. She loves the dolls. Oh. And I had to walk past every case to get to my room. I think that's why. So obviously I grew up in that house. Yeah. And I grew up with those dolls. Yeah. That's your mom. I am not freaked out by dolls. And I think it's because I spent my entire formative years being exposed to those dolls being in my life at all times.


I spent a lot of time being exposed to those dolls too. And I, I don't know, hate them. I mean, I don't know what it is. 'cause I think I'm just so used to them. I was used to her getting dolls for different, of like holidays. I think there's a puppy crying. There is a puppy crying. She wants to say hello. She said, you're talking about dogs and I'm a dog. Hello. Excuse me. That's definitely a blanche. That's definitely a blanch. That's a blanc. Yeah. She said, I like the 1920s. My name's Blanche. Can I wear a dress? But yeah, I know I'm not freaked out by dolls. Like dolls don't freak me out in general. Like obviously a scary doll, like a fucking annabell or something like that is gonna give me like the willies. But like Yeah. Dolls in general. I'm just kinda like, okay, the word doll is losing all meaning doll doll.


Now I'm just thinking rural doll. Yeah. But yeah, I don't like dolls. What a journey that went on. That's the inside of my brain FOR you. Now I'm thinking rural doll. And you know what James and the giant peach. Peaches. Peaches. But James and the giant peaches real doll right? Is? Yeah. Oh, I thought you said James and the giant peach is a real doll. Right. And I said no, it's did see, right, you did You see the math going on? Yeah. It's real doll. Yeah. We're here. We're here. No, it's We're here. We're here with you. We're here and we're We're getting back into the story. Yeah. It connects. It connects with with peaches here at first though again, I misunderstood you. We're not getting back into it. Love that. I thought you said roll call. Roll call.


Mikey. Present. I'm still Big red. Yes. Alright, here we are. I love it. After that, the closet kept opening by itself overnight. Hate that. No, I would go to sleep only to wake up with it. Being open and seeing the creepy dolls staring into my mother freaking soul. Ooh. E. My sister who doesn't believe in ghosts, told me to compliment the dolls and ask them to chill, which I did. I said she believes in ghosts. Then she does. 'cause she's like, you better make sure she said, be nice to them so they don't eat your soul. She said, which I did. I told them they were very pretty, but were freaking me out. Not sure if it helped though, or if you're supposed to talk to spooky dolls in general. Oops.


After this, it went on for days to the point that I needed my boyfriend a complete skeptic to come stay with me out. Fear. He didn't believe any of it. The closet had those accordion type doors that scrunch open. He put an ottoman or ottoman. I like that. Whatever one, however you spell it. Footrest thingy. I sure don't know. Know how to spell it and still can't figure it out. Alyssa thought I was trying to spell Abdomen. Abdomen. That's what I thought when I first read this tale. Yeah. I think it's O-T-T-O-M-A-N. That's what I thought. Because I think it's Ottoman or is that like Ottoman Empire? Who's that? That's like the, who's the fuck is? Who's empire umpire?


It's a time period. Oh, who knew which one? The Ottoman Empire. When was that? I can't tell you. I will, I will claim ignorance on that. I don't know what time period it was. Pull it. There's also a Vampire Weekend song that planted our women called Ottoman. I like that song. It was our Kay cutting song. It was mine was, oh, finish. Keep going. Finish. Sorry, I No, you go ahead. Mine was, I wanna be loved BY you. Just you and nobody. I am not you. I feel like we're on Hinge today. We are. I am feeling like I am in orbit. Right. Technically I think aren't we all in orbit? We are sober as a judge as always and I am in orbit.


Yeah. Yeah. Orbit or beat. I am in space. Oh, the Otto Ottoman Empire. Oh, I thought you said no. No, I did think you said Empire. It did you just hear my stomach? Yeah, I did actually. It was insane. I kept on the fucking mic. Oh, the Ottoman Empire was an absolute and constitutional monarchy. Yeah. That ruled over a large area of, oh, I remember this. It's in like the very low numbers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The 14th. Well, the 14th century to the early 20th century though. Oh. Oh. I don't know a lot about it. I will not claim to, it's also known as the Turkish Empire. I've heard of that. There you go. Okay. You know. Alright. So he put an ottoman, not the empire, but the footrest thingy in front of the closet.


So I would feel safe and would know that the closet wouldn't be able to open. Well, there you go. Jokes on him because the next morning, the other side of the closet was open. Oh. He asked if I had done it. To which I said, no. Uhuh. No sir. No, no boyfriend. No sir. I told you this place was spooky. It's spooky. My goodness. Honestly, I'm glad he got spooked out because now he believes me. That's good. After that, I hadn't stayed in the house until a month ago. This time I was offered to stay in a different bedroom to which I gladly accepted. Yes, please. There were no creepy dolls, but a few odd things. There was an exterior house light right outside the window that would turn on and off throughout the night. I figured it was a sensor issue, or at least that's what I tried to convince myself.


The bathroom would randomly make weird noises, like weird gurgle noises that sounded like they were coming from the ceiling. That's the ghost of me just gurgling up in the ceiling. Yes. That was me a second ago. Yeah. Did you guys hear that? Yeah. My stomach was like, we gotta like, I don't even know if we'll need to, but we need to see if we can like amplify that. Yeah. 'cause I'm hungry. Me too. Maybe just some other house issue. The flipping wall made weird banging noises off and on too. But I had to pretend it was all just a coincidence anyways. 'cause duh, it's better to avoid problems. It really is. But then throughout the night and only at nighttime, I would get an aggressive smell of peach in my nose. That's nice. That is really nice. I'll take that. At first. I, when I was reading it, I thought you were gonna say pee.


Just, yeah, pee wouldn't be great. Like urine, urine, urine. But peaches. Peaches I'll say into it. Yeah. Not like an aroma in the room, but like all the way up my nose. How rude. It was a little bit rude. It was as if somebody actually shoved an entire right. Peach up my nostril. No thanks Ghostie. Maybe the dogs were farting and whoever and the afterlife felt bad and they were like, you shouldn't smell back 'cause you're so sweet and you take care of these dogs. And they said, here's some peaches. Take some peaches. Well, millions of peaches. Yeah. Peaches for free up in your nose.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you, LMW. Or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at and t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


South of midnight is a third person action adventure game set in a version of the American deep south you've never seen before. When a hurricane rips through Prospero, Hazel is pulled into a magical southern gothic world where reality and fantasy are intertwined. Learn the ancient powers of a weaver and face mythical creatures. Inspired by real folklore as you explore a beautifully handcrafted world featuring a soundtrack inspired by the American South. Unravel the past in south of midnight. Available April 8th, 2025 on Xbox Series X and S. Game pass. Ultimate in PC and Steam. Pre-install on game pass or pre-order now terms apply. See xbox.com/subscription terms. Rated M for mature.


I searched for outlets with air fresheners and didn't find anything. It kept occurring the whole stay only at random creepy times at night. At this point I decided there was only one logical option. I had to accept that the ghost really wanted me to know that they smelt good because what else am I gonna do? Yeah, I'm stuck here for two weeks. Yeah. I told the ghostie that I was just there to take care of the pups and asked it to chillax a little so that we could be, you know, buddies. Fair. Not sure that helped either since those occurrences kept happening over the two weeks. It's safe to say that I was a little bit sleep deprived, but peach ghosty never harmed me. So we're on good terms now. Yeah, I would say so anyways. I've avoided the creepy dolls at all costs since, like I said, I befriended my peachy ghost friend.


Maybe I'm spending another week at the house now, so maybe I'll have more ghostly encounters. Ooh, dear. He's it weird, but not so weird that ghosts shove very fragrant. Peaches up your nose attaching pictures of the cute puppies. Just for fun below as well as scary dolls. Also going to add my personal fur babies because I love them so, so, so much. I could just melt. Thanks for everything. You guys really are the best. So are you. I love you. Oh, those are scary dolls. The dolls also that scary ship. Captain Doll is a little, little much. Oh, your puppets. Wait, I need to look at this. Look at them. Oh, the one of them is literally smiling. Oh, shut up of them. Oh God. I love ton's. Wait, I wanna see the cap.


What the fuck? I love ton's. Oh, oh yeah. I don't like the captain. It's like a sh a ship captain statue. Yeah. I don't know about that dog. Jesse. I love it. I love you. I love Alyssa. I love Ottomans. I love, love it all. Love it all. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. We're in orbit. Alright. We're in orbit. She's not. Okay. I'm not. Okay. I'm gonna read Listener Tale. Was my dog possessed? Yes. Maybe the theme is dogs. The answer is yes. The The theme is Fur Babies. I literally picked this listener tale because you are so gorge and so is your partner and so are your dogs. I showed it to you already. Oh, that picture? Yeah. That's literally, I was like, wow.


And I was like, pick that. And then I said, I wanna look like you in my next life. It's true. She did all. So this listener tail, I think I can say your name. It's a, it's hot mess. Pooches and it says, Hey ladies, I fucking love y'all. I fucking love you. This is long as fuck. Some of it's A DHD ramble, but oh well. Cool. We just did that for about 42 minutes on tail number one. And you're still here. I did the double space, large font. Put AFA because I'm old and did not wear my glasses while typing this. Good FOR you. FOR you that would've been the smart thing to do. I've attached a story about the time I think my dog was possessed with a side story about how my uncle was not the Circleville letter writer. Whoa. And how I almost got married in the ramped street murder house. My life is fucking weird. Whoa. Feel free to use my first name. My last name may sound familiar.


And the first name is Natalie. Natalie. Oh, there it is. I was like, I literally went like this waiting. I was like, do it Natalie. I like what's the, oh, is it Sueanne? Joanne. Joanne. That's my favorite one. She does. Joanne, hold on now I need water. Joanne. I can't do it 'cause I'll start coughing forever. I know it hurts a little bit. Alright. My name is Natalie. Feel free to use my name and any other names in my story. Will do. Natalie will do. Natalie, we'll talk. Fuck.


Oh man. I don't remember exactly when I started listening to you because what the fuck is time anymore? But I will say, agreed. You two have kept me company as I transported rescue, rescue dogs all over the country for the last few years. Oh my goodness. Your podcast has helped me keep my eyes peeled as I travel thousands of miles, often only accompanied by dogs. You two have taught me a ton of lessons that have probably saved my My Ass Fresh airs for dead people. Hell yeah. And have helped validate my true disdain for humans. I love that. That's what we're here for. That is what we're here for. I've been meaning to, people are gonna people and you should know that. Yeah. Sometimes they people goods. Most of the time they people bad. They people goods. They people bads and that's why we disdain them. Exactly. I like using disdain as a verb.


Disdain. I like it. Alright. I've been meaning to write for a while, but as the director of a nonprofit dog rescue bitch, can you get any cooler? I hope you mentioned what it is. 'cause I'll say it. Yeah. Anytime I would sit down and start typing, I would give into exhaustion and find myself falling asleep at my keyboard. I understand that. A recent car accident, I'm sorry, finally forced me to slow down and gave me the time to write to tell you how long I've been trying to get a listener til into you. The case I was going to write to you about originally was actually covered in 2022. Episode 328. Whoa. The Circleville letter writer. Oh, that was one of my favorite episodes to do. That's a wild one. That's a really in Yeah. Like interesting case. This case is what sparked my interest in true crime.


Why? You may ask why. All right. I looked it up and it's, I think it's fresh hour. So Paul Fresh Hour was my uncle. Some of my very first memories include visiting him in prison when I was just a young man. Whoa. When the Unsolved Mysteries episode about the case came out, my dad sat me down and we watched together. My family didn't talk about the case very often, but none of us believed that my uncle Paul was capable of attempted murder. You remember that? Yeah. He ended up getting put away in prison for like 10 years. Damn. And that's your uncle. And I wasn't so sure about that either. Yeah. That he was actually the person. This man would've given you the shirt off his back and was the first to ask how many dog, how my dogs were at my family gatherings when he was found unresponsive in his car after the heart attack that eventually took his life. His trusty toy poodle.


Tommy was by his side. Oh, Tommy. Tommy. The toy poodle. I love that. Yeah. I want a poodle. My dad. What? That you that was just like, felt like an intrusive thought. You were like, I want a poodle. Kind of was my dad. I was one was like, must have poodle. I need a poodle. Tommy. Oh my God. My dad was one of seven children and my uncle Paul was my favorite after my dad. I truly believe Karen Sue, his ex-wife, set him up. Paul served 10 years in prison to protect his son who was roped into the setup by his mom. Yes. Paul was absolutely the kind of person who would give up his own freedom for those he loved. Oh. Unfortunately, Karen Sue passed away last month and has taken her secret to the grave.


But that's not what this Listener Tales about. So I'm gonna give you a short backstory without rambling. Damn. But I'm not gonna make any promises because A DHD, I feel that I grew up going to my dad's house in Columbus, Ohio and my mom's house just outside of Houston, Texas. For those of you who do not know, new Orleans is a mere five, is a mere five hours from Houston. If your mom drives like a bat outta hell. That's crazy. I know. I didn't realize that. Yeah. Geography. I was gonna say Goy. Graphy back in 2002. Back in 2002, I was a pretty angsty teen. Spoiler alert. I am now a full fledged misanthropic elder Goff. Oh, I I Everything you're saying. I'm just like, yep. Yeah. As soon as I read this, I said, you speak to like me in a certain way, But you really speak to Elena.


When you just said 2002, you were just an angsty teen. I'm like, yep. Yeah, I was. Same girl. Five stomach grow. Yeah, you're It sounds like a thunderstorm. Yeah. You're 15, you can hear it. Cool guys, I'm hungry. She hungry? I'm hungry for your tails. All right. So Miss Misanthropic Elder Goth and learned that my favorite musician lived close enough to talk my alcoholic mother into weekend trips into to the Crescent City. Hmm. She would drink and gamble while I would roam the streets with friends hoping to run into the dark Lord of industrial music himself. Do you know who that, is it Trent Resner? Is that He's Min, right? Yeah, he's min. I just, I don't know. I'm just the dark Lord of industrial music. Just makes me think of Trent Ner.


Yeah, I can see that. But well, am I right? I don't think it ends up saying, oh, the city immediately owned a piece of my soul if, If you have never been to Nolins, it's not like any other city you will ever visit. I could go on and on about the food, the jazz, the drinks, the art, the history, the best bar down the alleyway. You'll miss If you blink the tarot card readers in Jackson Square, or the speakeasy that the vampire sent you to. Ooh. Above the unassuming Bourbon Street bar. That sounds fucking awesome. Yeah, it does. It's almost like an alternate universe. And If you are sensitive, the energy will keep you coming back. It's like a drug if you're a weirdo who has never felt like you have had and had a home anywhere else. Aw, I love that. I was beautifully said, but made me sad.


That really is. Really? But you know what you got ans now you got an nos. As an adult, I make any excuse to visit and we'll often wrap up. Wrap up my dog transport trips with a stop in my favorite city to decompress. That is one of the strangest sites I have ever seen was the French Quarter. Yes. Yeah. One of the strangest sites I've ever seen was the French Quarter, late spring 2020. My boyfriend at the time had never been to New Orleans, and so I thought we would stop on our way back to Texas from the Midwest. It was a literal ghost town. Plenty of souls, but very few were living. Ooh, I like that. You're like very poetic. You are very poetic. We were able to walk through the middle of the street with our dogs as I gave him a tour of the quarter passing by maybe three or four humans along the way.


It was surreal, but the energy of the city I love just wasn't there. Huh. A few months later, the city had started to open back up, so we decided to visit again. I wanted to show my now boyfriend the city I have obsessed over since I was a teen. We will call my ex Jeff, mostly because that's his name and he will probably shit his pants if he hears Y'all tell this story. Hell yeah. Jeff, I love, mostly because that's his name. That's a great reason to call him that. It is. It's the perfect reason. We found an amazing deal on a dog friendly historic hotel right in the French Quarter. So we decided to treat ourselves after another 2000 mile trip. Moving dogs to homes in partner rescues Midwest. That's amazing. I know. I always travel with a few of my own personal dogs because I have separation anxiety.


Same. So a long walk around the French Quarter was the first thing we did. This is where I mentioned that I'm also a professional dog trainer and behavior specialist. Damn. My dogs have traveled with me all over the country and are used to staying in hotels. After a long walk around the French Quarter, we checked out, we checked into our hotel, unloaded our bags, and set up dog crates in our room. We made plans to have dinner and join a haunted history walking tour. Oh, I wanna do that so bad. That sounds a, I wanna do that right now. Let's book a trip. Let's go. Jeff and I. Jeff, his real name and I, Jeff got the dog settled and walked out the hotel room to head to dinner. I always wait outside the hotel room door to listen for my dogs to settle, but this evening that didn't happen.


Atticus, I love that. Atticus at I love that. Wait until you hear the next name. My most behaved deaf boy was scratching at the door and his deaf adopted sister Deida von Fleas. Atticus, are you serious? And Deida Von Fleas. Deida Von Fleas is the best dog name in the history of dog names. Hands down like nobody else. Name your dog. Again. That beats Kevin Way better than Kevin. But that beats Kevin. Valentina. Kevin the best v fleas, but De Devon fleas was crying in her crate. Oh no. We figured they just hadn't had enough time out after a long trip and decided to take them to dinner and on the walking tour with us. Aw.


I'm attaching a photo of myself with the three dogs who are with us on the trip. Lilith Deida and Atticus and Lilith. And my tattoo's name is Lilith shut up. Which I love it. Now, an evening of perusing the French Quarter in August may seem like a lot for most dogs, but these are young dations and they're fucking adorable. Oh my God. That part. God, they're stupid. Cute. They were literally bred for running miles upon miles. We had dinner outside next to Jackson Square, which is now full of artists, street performers and psychics. But was one square the city held their executions. Oh. I scanned the square for my favorite tarot card reader, but I didn't see her. I'd been drawn to her several years prior because of the wolves on her altar cloths. Oh, that's cool. My readings would often end with a discussion about our dogs and something she said, something she had said has stuck with me dogs with, I think it's hetero chromia.


I think it's the the eye thing. Two different colored eyes. Yeah. Can see the living and the dead. Oh, I fucking love that. It, for some reason it gives me like Game of Thrones, white walkers vibes. Oh my. Like diol wolves. Like, oh, I fucking love that idea. Yeah. Specifically they can see the living with their dark eye and the dead with their light eye, which I think is so fucking cool. I'm obsessed with that idea. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Well, on this trip we didn't have any dogs with hetero chromia, but Dina's eyes are both ice blue and I wanted to see what she would say about that. Which I, that's probably like rare for a domination, I would think. Yeah, I would think so. Usually they have dark eyes, right?


I think so. Yeah. We finished our dinner and spent the rest of our evenings on a haunted history tour through the French Quarter. There were locations where the dog seemed to be bothered by something and they definitely tried pulling us across the street upon approaching the La Lori mansion. But otherwise it was a normal long walk. We went back to the hotel and settled for the night as we were all finally exhausted. Then at 3:00 AM Jeff woke me up telling me he thinks Deida iss having a seizure. I come launch myself out of bed and see her crate rocking back and forth. He throws open the door and tries to grab her And she sinks her teeth into his hand before shooting out of her crate and under the bedside table. Across the rim. Holy shit. She was howling like I've never seen a dog howl before. I reached for her and her teeth sank into my hand as she urinated.


Oh. At this point, I'm sure everyone in the hotel has heard her howles despite trying to calm her. Her ice blue eyes locked in on the window, curtains that went from the ceiling to the floor. She launched herself across the room one more time and and attempted to climb up the curtains. She was in such a friend frenzy. I feared that she would hit the glass with such force that she would eat herself out the window and down three stories to I think Deco decoder street. Holy shit. After what seemed like a half hour, Dita finally exhausted herself and retreated back into her crate. Jeff and I thought for sure we, we would be asked to leave the hotel, but no knock came or call the next morning when we checked out, no one mentioned a thing. Dita had never had an episode like this before.


And four years later she has not had another one like it. Nor have I seen anything like it with any other dog. Was my dog possessed? Yeah. Could she see the dead? Yes. Or is she just a nutty dalmatian? I I can go in with possessed. I think Possessed. Yeah. Especially the fact that they were kind of like acting strange while you were on the walking tour. Yeah. Like out of character. I tried doing research on the hotel we stayed at, but I didn't find anything particularly damning. The whole French Quarter is haunted If you ask me. Yeah. And If you don't believe in that sort of thing, there are plenty of vampires, witches, and voodoo practitioners who may tickle your fancy there instead. That's so fucking cool. Side note, many years ago I was engaged like any good, like any good golf. I planned to get married in New Orleans. Hell, hell yeah.


I found a little museum on Rampart Street where we could have a small ceremony and celebration. My ex fiance's mom was outraged when she found out that I had put the deposit down on the Rampart Street murder house, the Zack and Addie story. I didn't. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I didn't realize I would've been getting dressed for my wedding in the same space where Zack had dismembered his girlfriend Addie, before jumping to his death. I didn't make the connection. Oh my God. I didn't make the connection until after and during her outrage. Two weeks prior to the wedding on Friday, October 13th, my father had a massive stroke causing us to call off the wedding. Long story short, had I gone through my wedding, I don't think I would be here today.


I have absolute chills. I hadn't, I hadn't read that part earlier. I just read the dog part. Wow. Whoa. Wow. Holy shit. Some kind of an intervention happened. Yeah. I don't know what happened there, but damn. That's crazy. I'm glad that you're here. Ooh. Yeah. And I'm sorry that you had to, glad that didn't happen. Glad that that didn't happen. And I'm sorry that you had to endure what you did. Yeah. Holy shit. I'm adding a better pick of deed, Devon fleas and some more of my dogs as well as a pick of the love of my life. Salem. That's who that is in the picture. And you guys have, you guys together are absolutely go. Yeah. Literally a work of art. I picked the tale. Yeah. Because I said I literally want to look like this woman in my next life.


She literally did like art. What? Yes. Like she did hand to hand to whoever me on her. I'm not a scout. So I I thought you were talking about like a judge or something and I was like, I think it's Your honor. You were like, excuse me. I was like, did you break? What happened? I don't understand it because you know, did you break? You're all excited and stuff. I thought you guys would appreciate that my future husband named himself after a sassy black cat. Not town or the witch child. Obsessed. I'm obsessed. Any anywho. Keep it weird. We will. And we know that you will. That's fucking awesome. Even like on an off day, she looks like this. You're absurdly gulch beautiful and just like radiate nice good energy.


You're a work of art and you and Salem are just like the cutest couple I've ever seen in my life. Oh my God. You guys are just stupid. Gorgeous. And the dogs. Wait, I gotta see you. The picture of Deida. Look at Deida. Oh Deida. Look at her eyes. Know she does have beautiful ice. Blue eyes. They're like almost white. Yeah, they're so blue. They're gorgeous. It's crazy. All right, let's see. Should I do creepy doll listener tale? Another one? Yeah, that's a good one. So this one's called Creepy Doll. Creepy doll. Listener tale. This one's so good. Hi Weirdos. My name is Angelica. Yes. Like the Rugrats. You can use my name If you decide to pick this tale to read on the podcast, I will simply pass away.


R-I-P-R-I-P. Wow. That's like a normal thing to say to that, but like I feel like we did the same inflection too. Yeah, we did get outta my head. Damn. I've been a fan of for about a year. And the first episodes I listened to were your Albert Fish ones. What a way to start, babe. You stuck around after that. Damn. Yeah. For real. Damn. I almost left after that. I, I tried. And they said you're contracted. They said no. We both said okay. That was it. I listened to it at the gym and was cackling at all your jokes. So hard that my husband stopped his workout and wanted to know what I was listening to when I told him this podcast about Albert Fish. He looked horrified.


He said qual. When I reassured him it was funny. Not because of what he did, but because of your guys' absolute roast of this man. We do be good at that. He understood and became interested in the podcast. Side note, I'm not a huge true crime junkie since I already know how horrendous people can be. Yeah. And it makes me sad. Same, same. Shout out to my fellow social workers. Oh yeah. You definitely know how horrible people can be. But I did take a serial killers course in Creek Community College and learned a lot about them. It was interesting to say the least. However, I'm more impressed with y'all's interpretations and retellings. Thanks. I've learned so much that I think I may have to scrub my brain clean and start fresh, but like in a good way. 'cause I love you. Yeah. I try to do that a lot too. Yeah.


I'll shut the fuck up now. But please know I absolutely adore you both and thank you for always making me laugh and for keeping it weird. This year has been rough, a rough one. And I'm only 25. And what year was this? 25 was one of my worst years. Oh, it was 2024. So yeah, it was a shitty year. Yeah. And I'm only 25. Seriously, if things keep on this trajectory, I'm not sure I'll make it very far. Oh you will. Yeah. This is gonna be a better year.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earnIn saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that after school treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial@greenlight.com slash Wondery greenlight.com/ Wondery.


Hey weirdos. I'm Lindsey Graham from the podcast, American History Tellers. And if you're still reeling from Ash and Elena's episode on the Boston Molasses disaster and you wanna dive even deeper, you are in luck. My show doesn't usually venture too far into this spooky or creepy, but we've dedicated two full episodes to uncovering fascinating details about this bizarre molasses catastrophe. From the company's negligence to the victim's harrowing stories, we explore how this strange event reshaped industrial safety laws and left an indelible mark on Boston's history and the Boston Molasses disasters just won of many fascinating stories waiting FOR you on American history tellers. We take you to the events, the Times, and the people that shaped our nation and show you how our history affected them, their families, and affects you. Today. Follow American history tellers on the Wonder App or wherever you catch your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both American history tellers and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.


Do things typically get better or worse? But for real, listening to you guys helps distract me from the fuckery that is life. I am currently unemployed. Shout out to having a mentee bee and writing this story has filled me, filled up a lot of my time. And for that I am grateful for the opportunity even if it is not selected. Wow. I just, oh girl. Fell all of that selected and Elena broke. I literally broke while saying it. She said sub elected sorry for it. I laugh like that. Did you hear that? Neither of you am. What the fuck Mom?


Not her. Nevermind. She, she's like an old man. Muppet like an old man. Muppet like Marley and Marley. Marley and Marley. Woo. Ooh. That's a banger. Yeah, I was, I I didn't like the Muppets for a long time. Come at me bro. Confession time. I know my mother-in-law was really pissed about it. Yeah. But we watched the, what's it called, MUP, the Christmas Carol. I was so against watching it for a long time and it's Drew's favorite movie. So I was like, I have to, it s slaps. It S slaps. Michael Kane had no business going as hard as he goes in that movie. He didn't. He is. He's top notch. Yeah, no, that's a good movie.


Yeah. I It's fucking awesome. I was, I feel remiss. Yeah. Right. You as you should. Yeah. Anyway, though, back to your story, 25 sucked Balls. Yeah. 24 and 25 were fucking shit. It's tough. 26 got better 'cause I got engaged and then 27 and 28 have been fun. So I think the closer that I think 25 is like a hard point in life 'cause you're like in the middle. Yeah. And I think friends get weird at that point in time. Yeah. And I think the closer you get to 30 Yeah. But when you get into your thirties, I feel like it starts being awesome. Coasting. Yeah. Like I feel like I, the closer I got to 30 was like, you figure it out more. And then I had my, my twins at 30. Yeah.


So it was like the beginning of like awesomeness. Yeah. I think, yeah, I think the, the closer you get to like making your own family or like even like, you know, getting married or anything like that and like choosing your own space. Yeah. It's, you get happier. To me, my twenties are overrated. Yeah. I think they're too, to me in my opinion, maybe your twenties are awesome and like for that lucky and be good FOR you. I haven't heard anyone ever say that. No. I've heard everybody be like, fuck my twenties. I think your twenties are just like a, they're learning redo of your teens, but like with a little more information. Yeah. And then your thirties are like, wow, we gotta, we gotta reel it in. We gotta like overhaul this whole thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, it's gonna be good. Yeah. So attached is a double space PFA and Word document in times new Roman size.


14 font. Documenting the time my dad found old dolls hidden inside of a wall. Damn. As in to the windows to the walls. I have attached photos as well for viewing, viewing pleasure. I'm breaking again. Sorry. In advance. If they give you the creeps they see, they seem to have that effect on people. I hope it's not too long and not too boring. Keep it weird and maybe don't look at these photos after dark much love Angelica. Yeah, no. It brings viewing displeasure but like in a fun way. Yeah. Also the name of this er tail picked it is fucking top notch to the window, to the walls, to the sweat drip down my My dolls.


Ah yee. Yee yee. It is to the windows, to the walls, to the sweat drip down my dolls. Love it. Amazing. You're an icon. A little background may be helpful before we get into the story. My father does home improvement and often has to demo houses. He gets to tear down walls, break shit and have a good time doing it. That would also be a fun job. I literally paid to do that once. Yeah. It's called a rage room. Hell yeah. And I want to do it again. We should. During this process, sometimes he gets lucky and finds treasures. Treasures. Let me tell you, rich people love to throw away perfectly good shit all the time. We got a $3,000 like new stove for our home because said rich people wanted to throw it in a dumpster.


Damn. Why the fuck are you throwing out a perfectly good fucking stove. Yeah. Donate that shit. Anyway, my dad has found some great things along the way and usually passes these things to me. He's given me books, CDs, records, antiques and housewares. Hmm. On one occasion, he brought home 10 trash bags full of vintage clothing, including one deceased woman's wedding dress and her mother's wedding dress from the 1920s. Huh. That's why I picked this one. Was it mine? It wasn't. I'm not from the 1920s. It's like thrifting, but I don't need to do any work or spend any money. Well, my dad has many interesting stories and has one of the most chaotic lives. I know. The story is not really about him, although he would love it if it were.


He would fill up an entire episode of Listener Tales just telling you about the past few years of his life. But alas, this is a story about the time my dad found a case of dolls inside of a wall. Yeah. My dad was demoing a house somewhere in Baltimore. It had already been vacated. We know nothing of the previous owners and the new owners had asked my dad to break down a few walls for a new project, piece of cake. My dad does this all the time as he's doing his thing. Probably while listening to Bruce Springsteen, he could see something hidden hiding inside the wall. My dad has seen a lot of shit in his day, but nothing like this. He starts to rip away the wall and what he found shook him. It's a handmade case with a plexiglass front with some tiny creepy ass looking dolls inside each doll was to zip tied to a wooden board with holes in it.


Why? Of attached photos. Why she has attached photos. Isn't that the scariest shit you've ever seen? Why are they, they're zip tied. Like like by the neck. Yeah. Yeah. Another weirder shit you ever saw. I don't like it. I don't love it. And they're all different little creepy dolls. Like some of 'em are baby dolls. Yeah. Wait till you find out what they are. I don't like these at all. Spooky oky. Holy shit. He just found that on a wall. Yeah. There's a lot going on there. I mean, they're kind of cute in a creepy way, right? No, no. Wrong. Wrong. Obviously. When my dad found these little fuckers, he thought, what the fuck? My weird ass daughter will love this shit. That would be papa's. He would bring those to you.


100%. I sat in the living room with him as he recounted his tail. He was sure that they were haunted because why else were they buried in someone's wall? That's the thing. I thought they were a little creepy, but overall endearing and I was more so curious of the origins of the dolls. Me too. I'm curious of the origins. I don't find them endearing though. I also found it interesting. They were zip tied by their necks to the board. Same. To keep them for there for viewing or to contain them from committing dull acts of evil. We will never know. I think the latter. Yeah. They've been zip tied and secured behind the plexiglass for as long as I have had them. And I would be lying if I said I was not at least a little bit scared of the idea of releasing them from their habitat. I don't blame that. And fear that they may be, maybe the case has been blessed or whatever, and opening it would unleash some little doll demons, just like in the movies.


And I'm not about to be the dumb bitch who dies from her mistake. Good FOR you, man. See if they, they're smart, right? If they do decide to one day become haunted, I like that. They like, they'll just be like dormant. Yeah. And then they'll just become haunted someday. They reserve that, right? Yeah. Oh, thank you. Y'all will absolutely be the first to know if I am still alive to tell the tale. Hell yeah, brother. Thank you. Hell yeah. That's an honor er. That's an honor. It is. I also wanna share that we moved recently and the movers refused to move them to our new home. They were a little creeped out by them. That's actually hilarious. I, I wish I was the, I wish I was a fly on the wall for that conversation. Like they just go in the other room and they're like, no dude, I'm not moving that. Yeah. And the other one's like, I'm not touching it either. I'm not doing that. Like this is kind of part about your job. Like what are we supposed to tell them?


Like supposed And then they just go to you we're supposed to be grown dolls. Why are we touching the dolls? I'm not touching the dolls. Like I can hear it in my head. I guess so. So like I can hear it. I liked your bit. I'm gonna write a whole script out. Elena's next book is just the members conversation. Just their conversation about the dolls. Now on my search to understand more, I came across a group on Facebook that is specifically for dolls and doll collecting. Oh shit. I just wanna say that those guys are on it and very good at what they do. As soon as I post, shout out to that group. Hey, group as, Hey group. As soon as I posted the dolls, people went crazy and I had multiple offers in my inbox. Apparently these things are worth, worth. Something besides just nightmares.


From what I could gather, the dolls inside are considered penny dolls. During World War ii, soldiers would buy them for their children and bring them home to the us. They're rare and very sought after by doll lovers and collectors. The dolls likely have real human hair, nothing. I don't wanna know where they got the hair and hope to never find out given what was going on in the world during that time. That's exactly where what I was thinking. Yeah, no, thank you. You can tell by looking at them that someone took great care to make the dolls as detailed as possible. Maybe the person who I don't know, hid them in the walls, still very suss, knew they were valuable and wanted to preserve them and keep them away from the sunlight.


Or maybe they were fucking terrified of them. Yeah, but I don't, if I was so scared of something, I don't think I'd put it in my wall. No. So it can just like breed contempt for me in there. I don't want that breed contempt. I don't want that are a writer. I do not want that. Maybe the original owner tried to get rid of them, but each time they threw them away, they reappeared on the person's doorstep. Like that creepy Ouija board in that one listener's tale. I hate that. I think that's what happened. So they put them in the wall. I'm not sure what the doll's origin story is, but I think we can all agree that hiding them in your wall is a bit strange. I think it's funny. I think it's kind of funny. I think it's a practical joke. I think they were blessed because they were haunted and probably ruining the original owner's life and they were told to put it in the wall so that they would never be found probably and disturbed.


And now they've been disturbed. I feel like you, If you didn't want them to be disturbed though, you'd like bury them in the backyard. But that's hard. 'cause there's a lot of 'em and it's big. Mm. Putting 'em in a wall is just like, Oop. Putting something in a wall is like tough though. You gotta like cut the wall over. Well, that's the other thing. That's a lot. That's why a practical joke is that's pretty intense practical. Oh, I will commit to a practical joke. I mean samesies, but how many people will do that pull? You know, how many, let's see. Would you, would you open your wall as a practical joke? Yeah. I just thought of Jasper on TikTok and she's like, Who wants Buffalo Chi wings? Raise your hand. What was the first one? If you want?


Was it mozzarella sticks or something? I think it was. You Are mozzarella sticks. Raise Yo Hands. Buffalo chicken fingers. My dad gave these dolls to me when I was around 18 and I'm 25 now. I live with my husband Cat and Dog. Luna Pictures attached. I heard you guys were into that kind of thing. We are. We love it. We love animals. The dolls hang out in my basement because my husband is thoroughly freaked out by them despite my attempts to reassure him. That's fair. I would love to display them somewhere as a conversation piece, but that's unlikely to ever happen. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to put, make them into a coffee table with the plexiglass being the top of it. That's a conversation.


That is such a good idea. Do it. That's Tell your husband we sent you. It's, it's two things. It's such a good idea. And it's also something that like a weird couple would propose to do on flea market Flip. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Side note, I used to be super afraid of dolls when I was younger. I blame this on my aunt who decided to place her super realistic toddler doll in her hallway with a knife in its hand when I was a child. Yeah, that's her fault. That's her fault. We'll fight her If you want. That's her fault. We can fight her. Yeah. A real knife from her kitchen. She got a kick out of that. Thankfully, I'm now a huge horror fan and love everything spooky and scary and funny enough, I fucking love dolls now. Really the only thing that can truly terrify me are giants. And I am betting and pray whoever will fucking listen to whoever will fucking listen that they are not real.


I also don't like giant things. You don't you, she doesn't like giants. You don't like giant things or giants. Like I don't want like, like I mean like you know those ogre sort of Yeah. Yeah. Like the earth giants from Frozen. From frozen. Yeah. That would scare the shit outta me. Yeah, that would be fucked up. I don't like that at all. Well, they could just like squish you. Yeah. I don't like it. I can pretty much handle anything scary, but when it comes to giants, a line is crossed and if they ever do turn out to be real, I will exit this life before things get too spicy. Just kidding. Just kidding. Just kidding. I like how niche that is. Anyway. I will keep these dolls probably forever. All jokes aside, the history and craftsmanship are incredible. I know I sound like a huge weirdo, but hey, we all have our things.


You're not weird. Yeah. Now that I've given you some spooky, I need to give you some giggles. I also included a photo of my Princess Diana rip doll that my mother got me for a few years ago. I was convinced for years that I was related to her, that she would rescue me to be a princess with her. I love that FOR you. I do too. Then I found out that she was very dead and that I was not a princess. Anyways, my husband has convinced me that this is not, it's not Princess Diana. It's Owen Wilson wearing a dress. He's not wrong. You might be right. He might be right. Can I get a wow in your best Owen Wilson voice?


I don't know. Wow. Wow. Is that good? Randomly. The other night we were at a hotel and I woke up at 3:00 AM to Owen Wilson on the tv and I was like, what the fuck is this? And then I saw J-Lo and I was like, am I what? Hello? Am I listening? They were in like a weird movie together recently. Really? Yeah. She's like a pop star and she's like dating some, I think she's dating Bad bunny. Think I saw clips of this and it looked insane. I woke up at 3:00 AM and I was just like, that's a fever dream. I was what that is. I watched like 15 minutes of it. Oh my God. You showed me Little Luna ak Luna Tuna. Luna Tuna. I'm obsessed with Luna Tuna. Oh, you guys are cute. You guys are adorable. Give me Luna Tuna. Yeah.


Immediately. Wait. Also, you have to put those in your wall when you're, when like the time Is n Luna Tuna? No, I'm just kidding. No, the dolls. Yes you do. But the dolls in your wall. Like if you know you're gonna make an exit from the coil, you're like the dolls in your walls hit my microphone. Not anytime soon, but like when you know you're going, when you're like 98. Yeah. Like when you feel like you're about to shuffle off this mortal coil, just shove them in your walls. Just do a quick home project. Yeah. Just call a quick contractor, but do it early. Just call 'em up and say, I Can drop FOR you. I need you to hide these dolls in my walls. I found these dolls in a wall when my dad did when I was a girl And develop an accent.


Okay, before you do this workshop it Okay. Yeah. You'll, you'll get there. You got it. You'll have time. Okay. Luna Tuna for life. Luna Una Luna Tuna. I don't know why I sang it, but I did. You sing lots of things. I like it. It's true. I do. It's true. I do. It's true. That sounds like a Nana Bob song. The re watcher. Listen, go listen to the re watcher. Lemme take a of my water. I think we could probably finish on this. This one is listen to Tales. Predicting Death is my sixth sense. Oh, fuck yeah, let's go. Yeah, it says, hi, Deb. Deb. Oh, you two. Ash and Elena. Oh, hey. I love you weirdos and hope you read this on the pod. Well, here we are. It is a terrifying yet interesting experience and I haven't heard a listener tell like it, so I hope it stands out.


Ooh. To sweeten the deal, there's a picture of a puppy and a baby. You guys know, you guys just know Included is a 14 point double sped and this is actually my second time submitting because I sent it to the wrong email. I really wanted Hell Who got that email? Hell, I also wanna know that reading time is approximately 15 minutes and 15 seconds, but not unlike two weirdos. I know. I stumble on words a lot. Damn. Yeah, it do be us. And this is from Millie. Millie, the biggest and most vivacious. Hello to Ash. Elena. And Deb. Deb. My name Vivacious. My name is Millie. Use it bitch. I will Millie, see attached a photo of Mos simply because when I read I love, I always love a face for context.


She's Oh, Millie. So pretty. You that that face card girl. Fuck it up. Fuck it up. Damn. The mug never declined. Millie. I know what you're thinking. Are you a five 11 thick indigenous woman with a bodacious booty? Yes. That's literally what I was thinking. Yes. I'm Thank you for answering that. It's giving, it's giving everything. It's giving all the things I need. I love it. I'm a relatively new listener. My mouth just made a gross noise, so I'm gonna say that again. I am a relatively new listener who started her Morbid journey in August of 2022. Ooh, look at you. However, I'm quickly catching up to all of the episodes I started at the most recent and I'm working my way backwards, which is apparently not what the normal is, but you know what it is.


It's what we suggest. Yes. And we actually suggest that you stop at a certain point and never listen to the early ones. Yes. In fact that, thank you. We were talking about this the other day. Yeah, that's actually really funny. Yeah. That we were like, when everyone, somebody says they're new to the pod, we're like, are you starting from the beginning? Did you? Because we're like, are you still here? Like go go from newest to oldest so you can appreciate us later. I still go off on a tangent obviously, but the tangents that my ass would go off on, it was a different time. I think I was like, was I like 22 when we started this? You were young. Yeah. I was so fucking annoyed. You were young and I'm still pretty annoying, but I own it. I was annoying then too, and I'm, yeah, I'm still annoying. Let's be annoying together.


Forever. Forever. Ooh, that was a good one. It was. Mm. We didn't cheer. Nevermind. I was gonna say, did we make eye? But we did, but we did. We went, why did I forget instantly? A be witch. Are you a witch? Are you a witch? Are you a wizard? How? Oh God all. Oh God. Were You're doing it the right way. We don't go on tangents anymore. We never go on tangents. Everyone's like, this has been six hours long. Alright, back to Miller's Child. We're kind of hungry. I think we are. I have tacos waiting for me. I have like a slaw that I made a slaw. A slaw with some rotis chick. Ooh.


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024, CEO, Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing At him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in the world and the suspect He has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Mangione Became one of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted premeditated am, mid to Soter. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by Law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's Awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus, you can join Wondery Plus on the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


So work your way backwards and stop at a certain point. Yeah. However, I'm the far fart. I'm nefarious in the fjord. I'm in the fjord. I'm farst. Don't start with the fjord 'cause then I'll go on a tangent to Conan. Oh, he has a song. However, I'm the farthest thing away from normal, so it's incredibly fitting. Andm an English major, so if there are any grammatical errors, feel free to call my ass out. I'll call the police. Whoa, it escalated. Before we get into the gushing, I wanna give a well-deserved shout out to the divine individual who started my unhealthy obsession. Your now second biggest fan. Ashley. Little Ashley Little. She's like me, but little I know. You two love the art of making others defecate themselves.


Yep. So please use her full name because she will take a monstrous, giddy dump in her jeans. Ashley Little Ashley just took a dump. This is her photo. This is her photo. Aw, Ashley, you're adorable. She's gorge. She's big gorge. Yeah. Okay. Gushing time. I absolutely adore you two. You. I hate people. So that says a lot. Oh my God, we, God you are my people and we hate people too. Yeah. You've made your way into being a daily part of my life and when I'm driving to and from work and listen to you, you on my hour long commute, it feels like I have the two coolest bitches behind me in the backseat bitch. Thank you. Who are constantly almost responsible for my un time untimely demise as I find myself repeatedly swerving after a laughing fit or no one time. You made me laugh so hard when talking about dick cheese that I snotted all over myself and almost died running off the road trying to find a Kleenex.


Don't do that. You two say, but if my end includes snot running down my face and tears in my eyes from hysterical laughter about dick cheese, that sounds like a good way to go. Who are we crazy? Who are we? We're We're just literally literal. We talk about, we're literally so random segueing into Oh man, to the Tale with Death. This is about a few yet far too many times that I have predicted death. This is Craig, by the way. I'm already sporting dooo drawers and I don't even know If you read this on the pod yet, so if I hear you reading this, then my pants are already off and on fire. I love it. I live in a very rural town in New Brunswick, Canada. I'm talking, I graduated with 12 people, rural, holy shit.


I thought other people's schools were small. Damn. However, to begin this story, we set the scene in the big city of Brampton, Ontario. Brampton is about a half hour from Toronto and is way too big for my liking. I grace the lives of my parents by making my glorious entrance into this hellhole. We call the world on April 4th, 2000. That's right, Ash. I'm an airy sun and moon and my rising is Capricorn. I see you, Elena. Oh, hell yeah. Double Aries. You are fiery as fuck. I married an airy sun and Capricorn. Even though Capricorn is an earth sign, I feel like they're like pretty, pretty scrappy. Yeah, you're probably scrappy. Yeah. You're scrappy as fuck, and I love that about you. Yeah, I get along really well with Aries and Capricorn.


Yeah, same. Yeah. Mom and dad, John and Elena. Yeah, so, so make your own most likely accurate assumptions. I did. We did. My parents divorced a few years after my birth just in 2004. But don't be sorry. It was for the best. This is hilarious. My dad found himself in the awkward situation of accidentally falling into women's VA heena, and my mother was tired of his quote unquote slipups, his quote unquote slipups. Fast forward to 2006. That's a great way to describe that. I love that. That's somebody who has healed. Yeah. You feel, fast forward to 2006. I'm six years old and my dad's living in Brampton with another woman who I'm glad to say he's no longer with. She was a very angry Italian woman who was a bit hard on the noggin, or maybe she wasn't angry And she just spoke in a perpetual scream.


Whoa, I'm not really sure. That's a lot. I was playing with Polly Pockets alone in my room. Ash gets it. Hell, when I had a feeling, it made me stop and pause with every strand on my of hair, on my little body standing straight in the air as if I were hanging upside down. This feeling in the facial expression I would've worn is comparable. I don't know why I said it like that. Comparable to someone who has, who horrifically realized that their fart had not in fact been a fart. I can't quite describe the feeling, but it was if as if a thousand Dementors had entered the room, surrounded me, and then simultaneously began sucking my soul out of my body. They're the worst part of prison. You know Michael Scott, did you get that? They are. That's prison. Mike.


I don't. I don't watch the office. Don't yell at me. You gotta watch it, man. Maybe prison, Mike. I didn't have a vision, more like an awareness that my great-grandfather who was in perfect health was going to die. Oh. I walked around with this weight for the entire day asking a 6-year-old. Yeah. Oh, that's like one of your babes. Oh, asking my dad if he had been talking to grandpa. He said no, that he hadn't that day, but he just spoke with him the week before and he asked why. I was wondering, no reason. I replied, kicking my feet together and avoiding eye contact. I was just wondering. This feeling I remember was not one I wanted to share and kept and it kept me up most of the night. I laid in bed until sleep, found me in the early hours of the morning, and I arose to my dad standing on, standing at my door looking for Lorne and also suspicious.


Grandpa passed away last night. He said hesitantly, his tone was a mix of grief and suspicion. Did this man think my small, fragile and incapable body could walk a two hour drive in the middle of the night and somehow un alive by grandfather? Like, come on. I remember being heartbroken, not only because I had lost someone important to me, my first encounter with death as well, but because I also felt responsible. I knew it was gonna happen, but I said nothing because as a child, my thoughts, feelings, and intuitions were typically dismissed. Aw. Relatable. That makes me sad FOR you. I know. The memory stuck with me for a while until it began to fade. As the years went on, I had forgotten about the feeling and what it felt like. I resumed my life and paid it no mind until I was 14.


I had my laptop going with karaoke songs as I was home alone and aspired to be a famous singer at the time. Hell yeah. Typically speaking though, in order to be famous, you have to be like good at singing, which I was not think, I mean, do you It's subjective. It's 2025 now. Yeah. You don't really have to be good much anymore. Think the demon cat from pet cemetery being shook around and then thrown at a wall. Love that. That's the most accurate description of my singing voice. Even to this day. Same. Right in the middle of the ear piercing belt of the chorus to rolling in the deep. It stopped. I stopped. Oh my God. Wait. I took a vocal class once and it was rolling in the deep and I thought I slayed that shit and then I got home and I recorded myself and I never went back to voice acting and voice lessons again. I love that. I said teacher, Jamie.


He said, I did not roll into the deep, I'm sorry. I said autotune would never help this, so I stopped. It reminded me of Raven from that. So Raven, when she'd get a vision, the same feeling I had ejected from my ulu. Yeah. Ulu. I had returned with a vengeance with one major difference. The person it surrounded. This time it was my grandmother on my mom's side, Ruby, who I would later name my daughter after Ruby, and this is Ruby and she's so fucking cute. The pigtails. You get the fuck outta here with that kid. I can't. I can't. That's a cute ass kid. I can't, Ruby. I can't. She's so fucking cute. I love her. I know. And look, she's kinda like judging whoever she's looking at.


She's like, she's got like that eyebrow action like her mom is a double Aries. I impressed. Well, good for her grandmother. Ruby was the, and I, this reminds me of this lady, Judy, I used to live with who I fucking loved so much. Grandmother Ruby. Yeah. She was a kind woman who would always be found drinking diet Pepsi from a vintage floral glass and watching Judge Judy get it. Well, she'd have it on the tv, but she'd be talking so much through it that you could not understand what was happening. Love that. And then she'd look at anyone with her and go, what's happening? I regret not spending much time with her in my teen years as I was caught up. Caught up in school sports, boys and video games, but and unfortunately did not classify seeing my grandparents as fun. So when I had this feeling, I panicked.


I wanted to call my mom and tell her, but then how would she see me if, if Ruby did die? Would she see me as in a different light, a freak possessed by the devil? Aw, damn. Overly religious white women. I decided to let it go and hope that I wasn't right, but that night at 3:00 AM my grandmother was taken by ambulance and passed in the hospital. Aw, Ruby. I know. I'm sorry. I went home and looked in the mirror like someone in a movie, not even sure of who I was seeing. I screamed, what the fuck? Which was a big deal because I didn't say a single swear word until I was 17. Whoa. And I've progressed so much now that I'm convinced my child will think her name is fuck. I love how Right. I feel that so hard. The feeling of confusion, dread and fear enveloped my body.


Like a spicy blank. Oh, a spiky blanket. I like a spicy blanket. I like them both personally. I still refuse to share my curse with anyone, and again, it went dormant for years to come. 2018 is when it returned. Yet again, my ex-boyfriend, we ended on good terms. Don't worry. Oh good. I love that because we never hear that. I know. Rarely. My ex-boyfriend and I were living in my, in our first apartment. I was in my first year of university and I was sat at my makeup station one morning putting on some semblance of a falsified excited face for the day. Being in university, I needed all the help I could get with the bags under my eyes and permanent look of depression. That encapsulated my face feeling encapsuled my face. Then spoiler alert, it hit the feeling, though this time would be slightly different from the previous two.


This time it wasn't someone that was directly related to me. It was my boyfriend's grandfather. Huh. The other difference was how quickly it happened. The other two times were at least a 12 hour span between the feeling and death. This time I had the feeling cooked in it for about five minutes, and then my boyfriend called me. Whoa. My heart fucking sank. He said Papa didn't wake up from his sleep this morning. Oh. I had to force myself to pretend, to act shocked though. It was earlier than expected. I still knew it was coming. Is he dead? I asked with a fake surprise. No, I think it's just diabetic coma. He will probably be fine. He answered, first of all, who the fuck calls someone and says so, so damn. So and so didn't wake up from their sleep.


Just being like casually. They're fine though. He'll probably be fine. Like what? Then it's probably fine. That's not how you tell someone that. And also like probably just a diabetic coma. It's like, oh, just that little thing. Okay. Oh, you know? Yeah. Anyways, I didn't dare tell him what I knew and I was also hoping that I was gonna be wrong this time. His grandfather was a pure and kind soul. He was in his late eighties still chopping wood, cooking, dancing, and living his life. We'd go over all the time and play Skip Bo and he'd get so, he'd get so zoned out. We'd have to yell his name 30 times to snap him out of it. Oh my turn. He shout. Oh my God. I love him. That's so sweet. I drove to the hospital to meet with them and we went to the room he was in. Once the family was rounded up, the doctor came over and broke the news, broke the news. He had a brain bleed.


He said, more forcefully than I would've liked. Well, that happens a lot. Yeah. It's very clinical. Yeah. He's being kept alive by the machines, but once we unhook him, I don't expect him to live. Long after I felt helpless, so many loved ones I knew would die and I could do nothing but sit back and wait. Nothing. That must be so hard. Yeah, that's tough. Yeah. Nothing I could have done could have prevented these deaths. Yet I was burdened with the knowledge of the inevitable. That's exactly what it is. That's a burden. Yeah, it is a burden. Yeah. The these first three death predictions would soon prove themselves to be the easiest that I would have to encounter. Oh. I had eventually split from my ex and was living the single life we were together since I was 14 and I was now 20 and lost no sense of an identity, an introvert with one friend, and my time was mostly taken up by school and work.


I felt confused as to the next steps to take. Then a guy messaged me on Facebook to protect his identity. Since his name is incredibly unique. We'll call him Fred. Fred Red. It reminds me of, Hey, it's Fred. Remember that guy? Yeah. Fred started chatting with me and flirting, but in a kind, genuine and respectful way. I learned he was from India and he was here for school. He was incredibly gifted with humor, intelligence, perseverance, and sheer willpower. Right. He went to the same university as I did and we hit it off right away. However, just as friends as I was not ready for another relationship, we spent time together and I learned how fascinating of a human he was. He was in boarding school in India and was in a gang in his teen years. He survived being stabbed and got out out of that place in his life.


His family also owned a tiger. A tiger. His name was Timothy, like a whole ass tiger. A tiger named Timothy Tiger. Yeah. Holy shit. They rescued and rehabilitated him. How much cooler can he get? Not much. He was always very kind and I enjoyed the time we spent together. We were inseparable friends for a few months. When he moved here, he turned his life around, got heavy into the gym and then excelled even more at academics. He got a mo, a motorcycle. I was, he got a motorcycle. He got a motorcycle. I love those. It's a little bit different than a motorcycle. You ever been on a motorcycle? You know, think for a ride of your laugh. It's crazy. He got a motorcycle and would venture around on it all the time. He was also an incredibly talented painter. He cracked jokes that would make me laugh so hard.


I cried. He said, all the strange Indian men that have probably messaged you before and yet I had the charm to get your attention. However, his tail would end like the rest. One day I was sitting in my room alone thoughts to myself when it came. The feeling, the dread? No, I screamed to whatever it was not him. It horrified me. I was so scared and helpless and that's when Fred messaged me and told me he was going cliff jumping with his friend. Oh, this will eat me alive forever, but I said, okay, be safe. I thought, once again, fate would change. He was going with someone which meant that he would be safe. I thought I was just in my head about this one. He's 23. There's no way anything could happen to him. You're indestructible when you're 23.


Right? Wrong. The next day I woke up and I realized I hadn't heard from him. No texts, no call since 3:00 PM the previous day I called no answer. I texted, I called again. That's when I messaged the friends that he was with. Can you meet me? She asked. I agreed And she broke the news. His death was classified as a drowning. She said he hit the water and started flailing. She ran down to the bottom and tried to bring him in, but he was panicking and was bringing her down into the water. She got back up on land and turned to grab him once more, but there was no sight of him. He was gone. My prediction is the force he picked up on his way down, threw him deeper into the water than he had the breath for, and he started inhaling before he reached the surface and never made it out.


Ugh. That's brutal. That's awful. I didn't sleep or eat for weeks, months even. I lost a concerning amount of weight. I could have stopped him, but I didn't believe my gut. I blamed his death on myself ever since. No, it's not your fault and you don't wanna mess with fate, you know? Yeah, and you're, it's hard to believe that you know when these things are happening. Yeah, so you're probably second guessing it. Exactly. I would stay up at night crying and apologizing to him. Someone with so much light, so much potential and purpose gone. That is until I went to a medium And she assured me that my gift was not just in my head, and even if I begged him not to go, he still would've went. That helped a little bit. Yeah. The last prediction was the strangest and most haunting of them all.


Trigger warning for suicide. Here I was at work, I'm a waitress and I work in a small chain restaurant just in Atlantic Canada. The place was dead and I was wandering around, searching for things to do when I got the feeling, but it wasn't just a feeling this time, it was a vision too. I got this overwhelming, all-encompassing sense of sorrow, depression, and hopelessness. Ooh. I was in a first person perspective and went into my room though, similar to how dreams work. It wasn't actually my room in reality, but in this vision it was mine and I locked the door. I then grabbed gasoline, poured it on myself and lit myself on fire. Holy shit. But I wasn't anyone I knew, which was the strangest thing.


I had thought it was weird and definitely concerning, but it wasn't anyone I was familiar with. Each one of my previous WM feelings, I knew the person I was referring to. I shook it off. The next day I was on social media and read something on the news at the exact same time. I had a vision, a young guy, a few towns over, went into his room, locked the door, poured gas on himself and set himself on fire. Holy shit. He did not survive. Shit. I have chills all over my arm. Yeah. I was in shock. I didn't know him and this was also completely different from my other experiences. I felt so afraid for those. I felt so afraid for so long these would keep happening, but that was a few years ago and they seem to have stopped. I'd like to think that they're gone forever, but I refuse to let my guard down because that's when death will sneak up on me like a fox with an unsuspecting squirrel.


So until then, death. But I'll be waiting FOR you. Thank you ladies for reading My Tale. If you did, and if this is on the podcast, I will never shut up about it. I hope you ladies enjoy the rest of your day, week, month, life year, et cetera, and I can't wait to continue to keep up with your journeys and see life. See where life takes you. Thanks. Aw, Elena, I read your book and I absolutely adored it. Thank you. I took a hiatus from casual reading after life got incredibly busy. This is the best compliment, and your book brought, brought me back to the bookworm I used to be. Oh, that's literally my favorite compliment ever. So thank you for that. And I cannot wait for the second one. Hell yeah. Ash, that's me. I'm anxiously waiting for the pictures of your and Drew's wedding day and I'm so happy you have such a beautiful human to love and to love you because you both deserve that and more.


Drew is a beautiful human. Thank you. He's the most beautiful human I know. He's so lovely. It's ridiculous. I don't know how I got there. We love a drew here. I love him so much. I just wanna punch him. Just pow with love. Right in the kisser. Ugh. Until then, keep it weird, but maybe not this weird Millie, but here's a picture of my dog, Stanley. 'cause why not? He's just like, oh my God. I'm obsessed with Stanley. I love him so much. He's doing like the Meg Thee stallion. Yeah. Good job. See, I'm so proud of you. Look at I'm learning things. Oh my goodness guys. That was a fucking harrowing tale. Haunting. Like harrowing. But you wrote it so well that it was, I just, it was fascinating. These were so good. They were so good.


I have tacos. I have slaw and chi and Chichen and Chichen Chichen. This was amazing. This was so much fun. I feel like this is the most fun I've had on on. Yeah, this was a lot of fun. Yeah. I think we're getting more comfortable being on camera. Definitely. We are. There's, I'm not gonna do it that much more, but No, we're gonna keep it like this. Yeah. I said don't get your hopes up. Don't get your hopes up. Don't, but we'll, we'll do list on our tails. Yeah, for sure. We'll do list ourselves kids. Do that. We'll do it and until then, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you predict death. Definitely keep it like, I mean, keep it that weird. It's kind of interesting. Definitely keep it so weird that you cut a hole in your wall and you had some creepy ass dolls in there.


Oh yeah. I have to open the rest because I don't have a memory due to 15 years of my life. Oh, keep it so weird that as a ghost you shove peaches at people's noses. Yeah. Don't keep it so weird that your dog gets possessed. Be, but that wasn't your fault, obviously. Yeah. Keep it so weird that you run a nonprofit for dogs though. That's keep absolutely incredible. Yes, and I think I got all of them. Yeah, just keep it weird. Keep it the weirdest. So weird. See you next Monday. Ya butt heads.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024, CEO, Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing at Him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in The world, and the suspect He has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Mangione Became one of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted, premeditated, admit to so terror. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by Law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus, you can join Wondery Plus on the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.