
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey everyone, let's talk about protein for a second. There's this rumor that getting plant-based protein is tough. But listen, there are some amazing options out there, even if you're not vegan. Adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body and support the planet. My go-to for Tasty Protein and super food packed shake is Cava. Every serving of Cava offers 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein. But that's not all this. All in one shake has fiber, quality, fats, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and so much more. I love that I can tick so many boxes with just one delicious shake. If, you know me. You know that vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors. And I like to combine them, but they also have chocolate. They've got matcha and they've got coconut acai. I'm a big fan of the coconut acai as well After drinking Ka Chava first thing in the morning, because that's when I always drink it. I feel satiated for hours. I feel focused, calm, and ready to take on my day. Something that I really love to do, if I even want like a little bit more protein, is just add a scoop of peanut butter to the Vanilla chai concoction that I make. And that, oh, is just scrum diddly ump anxious honey Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. Spelled Ka A-C-H-A-V-A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A v.com/ Morbid.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features in languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See at&t dot com slash iPhone. For details,


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. This is Marvin. It's post Halloween Morbid. Merry Christmas everyone. Happy holiday. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Holidays. They're coming. I'm a little bit in my post Halloween like man said, I'm sorry. I have joy. Not Halloween is over. I'm not joyful about that 'cause I fucking fuck so heavy with Halloween.


But I became in November 1st, girly this year. You did. I'm never in November 1st, like everything gone. Christmas decorations up, let's fucking go girly. But I feel that way. But this week you said I am. Yeah. I started my Christmas shopping. I am gonna, I decided also this year, I'm switching it up. I'm gonna get a fake tree this year. That's, that's a move. It's a huge move for me. It is, I never got to, I never got to have a real tree growing up. 'cause we always like lived in apartments and stuff, so it was difficult. And my mom was like, I'm not going to get a fucking fake tree. Like I'm busy. And so when I, me and Drew first got, or when I first moved in with mom and papa, they always got me a real tree because I was like, please.


Yeah, because we always got real trees growing up. Yeah. And then when me and Drew got together, I was like, we must have a real tree. Except for the one year that we were in an apartment. But this year I was like, drew asked me, he was like, can we go back to like a, like a fake tree? Like it's a pain in the ass to have a real tree. And. I don't do anything for it. So I was like, no, no, we have to have a real one. And then yesterday I was thinking, I don't know, you can buy them pre-lit and shit. Yeah. And I'm always cleaning up the pine needles, which drives me insane. Yeah. And then you can get that friz that smells like the Christmas tree. It's true. I'm gonna get a fake one this year. But I don't know. I was just feeling it. I'm a real tree girly. You're a real tree. P Yeah. I. I can't. I can't relate. I usually am. I'll see how I like this.


Yeah. And then if I don't like it, I can always just like bring it to Saber and get a real tree. Yeah. I love the, I love, there's a different smell. It is different of a real tree to like a chemical smell. Yes. Of pine. One thing that I don't love, well, our cats are fucking annoying. A little bit about the, that's why I don't have cats though. And also I don't like the stickiness when you're taking out the tree when it's all done. Yeah. And then like you look and like the wall was sticky. Mm. I don't like that. Yeah. And the floor gets sticky. Yeah. You're like, I'm gonna convince myself that that's kind of what I'm doing. Not a real, I dunno. I don't, it just, it's just a feeling. I. I guess here. Feel I actually hate it. It hit me over like a freight train. Yeah. Just said, fuck train I mean good for you man.


Yeah. I support that for you. Thanks. I think the girls would kill us if we didn't get a real tree. You think so? They love the process of picking out a tree. It's very fun. And like the whole shebang. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like when we have kids, we'll go back to that. Yeah. It's like the process of picking out a tree is such a Yeah. It's a cute family day thing. Yeah. Oh, I think you're now you're making me second guess how I feel. It's, that's the thing I just couldn't give up is the process of picking it out. I know. Going to pick it out. It is fun. It's fun. But also, I was thinking too, I'm just in the mood to put my tree up now. Yeah. Like, I wanna put up a tree. Yeah. And you can't do that with real. And you can't, you only get like two weeks out of that bad boy. Mm. Maybe three. You get more than that. I don't know. I was gonna say, you get, I have no idea.


You definitely get more than that. How much time do you get outta your tree? Three, four weeks. Three. You get a few weeks. Yeah. And then we always keep it up until the new year. So Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Trees. Trees. You know. We also have, I mean the holidays are coming, so like get ready. We have Get Ready. If you're listening right now. I think it's November 14th. That's what Mikey told me. And, 'cause we never know. We never know. Someday we'll know. Right. It is not On. November 14th right now. It is. Someday we'll get this right. But yes, if you're listening right now on Wondery Plus we have some new merch that went live. We got like a fun fall holiday collection going on. Whoop. We got lots of cute new shirts. One of them says Malevolent deity. So I'm like pretty obsessed with that. That one I love.


That one's really cool. Yeah. There's a new hat that also says Malevolent deity. I like the stay weird with like the moth on it. Oh yes. Sounds fun. That's a new one that we've got going. We got it in cropped and regular. Very cozy too. Yes, very cozy. We are very adamant about the feel of some, like we're, yes. We're very much trying to get our hands on those things so that we want soft shit. We want soft shit. 'cause I'm very, I'm a texture person. Same. If I I have a like scratchy sweatshirt or T-shirt. Ooh. Nope. Scratchy T-shirt. I'll, I'll like, the thought of it makes me wanna scream. I'm like cringing at the moment. Yeah. I don't like it. Yeah. And then one thing that is also really exciting is the holiday sweater.


There's a Morbid holiday sweater. Yeah. It's like our take on a holiday sweater. It's like an ugly sweater. Yeah. But it's like so ugly. It's cute. Yeah, exactly. And there's like lots of cute little details. Yeah. And then one thing I am so fucking excited about, I was like, mm. Like I needed, this is the charm bracelet. Oh, I. I. Love the charm bracelet. The charm bracelet is very cute. Very fun. So if you are listening right now on Wondery Plus had your booty over to our shop and go grab that stuff. And if you're listening wide, do it retroactively. Go back, go back. Go back in time. Do it. Go do it. See ya Yay. Yeah. I think that's all like the, the biz nasty that we have going on. Yeah.


You have, you have anything? What's up? No one thing. This is just a random thing. It has nothing to do with really anything. I love random, but it's just, Ash had brought up, 'cause we covered Pan's Labyrinth on Scream. Oh yeah. Recently. And I love Guillermo del Toro and Ash had mentioned And I. Remember seeing this a long time ago. I just never watched it. And Ash brought it back to my attention that Guillermo del Toro had done this Netflix anthology series called Cabinet of Curiosities. It's like eight episodes all a different director that he has his hands in. Oh, that's cool. That he like curated. And it's all a different, like a less than an hour long like mini movie. Yeah. Each one.


And so far fucking delightful. Yeah. I love it. Oh good, good. So if you haven't jumped on like I Amm telling you it's a fun thing to jump into. The autopsy is the, my number one so far It is That's what I figured. Fucking awesome. Yeah. I'm telling you. Everyone go watch the autopsy. 'cause your mind is gonna be fucking blown. Yeah. I haven't seen, I like didn't watch any of the episodes, but I was scrolling for something to watch on Netflix. And I saw MRO del Toro. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I was willing to see this shit. I'm willing to see this. And then I looked at like what the, like what it was. Yeah. And. I saw like the witch The autopsy. Yeah. And I was like, oh, this bitch has gotta see this. It's real good. So if you guys are looking for something to keep the spooky season alive forever.


I love that. It's definitely a good one to do. And if you're an ash, I started rewatching Grace and Frankie. There you go. So two polar opposite Girlies up in this room. Very different. I am obsessed. So we're gonna talk today about the suspicious, super suspicious Kidnapping of Sherri Papini. Suspicious is a very kind way to say it. So suspicious. So, so she jogged outta town. Like don't be suspicious. Kidnapping is also a kind way of saying it. Yeah. I don't really know what else you'd call it. The hoax. The hoax. The great hoax of cherry papini. The absolute scam hoax. Yeah. The, that cherry papini in, you know. Terrible, terrible, terrible woman. Yeah. Truly terrible woman. Complete asshole.


Complete asshole. Yeah. Douche bag of the century. Truly. So let's get into it. If you don't know this story, you're about to. So when 34-year-old cherry papini did not show up to pick up her kids from daycare on the afternoon of November 2nd, 2016, everyone was immediately alarmed. The the teachers at school, her family, her friends, they were like, that's fucking weird. Yeah. 'cause who would willingly not pick up their children from daycare? Oh yeah. Sheri Papini. Yeah. 'cause she literally chose to leave her children at daycare to perpetuate this. Yeah. Incredibly fucked. Whoa. Elena's just throwing up her finger every time she does it to the Whoa. But up until that point, everyone just knew her as like this lovely doling.


Yeah. Stay at home mom. Like, that's what's so scary. All her energy went to her children. Like, so you would never think she would do something like this very cookie cutter, white picket fence vibe. Yeah. So her husband Keith told anchors on Good Morning America, everybody who knows, my wife knows there's no reason for her to leave. She was definitely taken against her will and he was not in on this. I'll tell you from the jump, Keith was blindsided. And why would he have any reason to believe that somebody that is like, you would never think no. He thought he had like a great life. Like there's several layers of this story. Yes. That you go, in no world would I ever believe that someone would go this far or do this kind of absolute nonsense, And it just keep it piles on.


The more that adds into this, you go, no, no, no one would do that. It's just like also for what? Like Sherry, what did you, so why? I mean she got money out of it. Like that's for sure. but it's like, but I don't even think that was the ultimate, not merely enough. Not nearly enough to do what you're doing. And I don't really think that was the ultimate goal. Yeah. Like at least in my opinion, just like knowing about the case. I don't Yeah. I think the goal was like attention and there's a lot of mental illness. Yeah. Was a factor. For sure. For sure. Like there Ha it has to like this is beyond comprehension. Yeah. Like there's a documentary about it. Yeah. It's called I. Think it's the Perfect Life on Hulu. Hold on. I wrote it at the end of my notes. It's, it's a, this documentary will Blow your Mind.


It's so good. I think it's three episodes. It's Perfect Wife, the Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini. And there was things in the documentary that I hadn't even heard about. Yeah. Just like watching the case fold out. Oh yeah. Like the end of it. I was like, oh wow. Yeah. You're just awful. Yeah. In every way to the core that you could be to the, that's the other thing. This isn't just like, you know, some mental health issues going on. She's just a shit person to the core. Oh, awful. Like when you find out like the, the details of who she is. Yeah. She's an asshole. Yeah. So it's like, yeah. It's wild. I feel so bad for her family. I do too. I really do. So let's go back to the start. So earlier that day, Sherry left her home in Redding to go for a jog.


Something she'd done countless times before it was her routine. Just before leaving for her jog, she texted Keith to ask if he was gonna be home for lunch and he said no. So she went out. When Keith got home from work that night, a little after five, he was surprised to find the house completely empty. Sherry at that point was a stay at home mom. And with the exception of a few days a week that the kids were in daycare, she was always home with them in the afternoons. And she always went and got them from daycare. So by the time Keith got home, everyone was home. Now according to Shasta County, Sheriff, Tom Senco Sherry was last seen by a neighbor, quote in the area of the old Oregon Trail and Sunrise Drive about a mile and a half from their home.


Okay. So not far at all Sheriff's deputies were able to trace Sherri's phone to the intersection where she was last seen using Find My iPhone. With Keith's help And, it was there. They went out to that inter intersection and they found her phone, her earbuds, and several strands of blonde hair, which Sher was Sabalow or is a blonde, her mother-in-law. Suzanne said of the discovery. I would say, my personal reaction is that it's twofold. One is that it's good to have some sort of clue, but the other portion is that it really points to she's been taken. I mean, she wouldn't just drop her phone if she was running away. No. You wouldn't think No. The hair is like, yeah. Again, when you know like, what's going on?


You're it. It reminds me of Scream four. Yes. When Jill is tearing out chunks of her hair. Yes. So true. Yeah. And people also always compare this to Gone Girl. Yeah. Yep. Which I I wanna say Gone Girl came out before this I Think. Think it was because I think it was called a lot of people said, it's like the Gone Girl case. Yeah. I think you're right. Fact, check me, I'll continue and you can interrupt me. Yeah. So Sherry had, she'd always been a dedicated wife and mother up to that point. She rarely deviated from a routine. She didn't have any physical or mental health conditions that anybody knew about at that point. And she had never had any interaction with law enforcement. So simply put, she was the last person that anybody would've ever expected to just disappear without a trace bonkers.


Initially, sheriff's deputies fanned out across the area where she was last seen, looking for any evidence that might point them in the right direction. But with the exception of the phone, the earbuds and the hair evidence, the search really didn't turn up anything else as far as clues. So a few days later, nearly 150 friends, family and neighbors spread out across Redding to help search for Sherry. And many others handed out flyers or posted on social media. Like the community was very active in this case. It was one of those cases where you actually see the best of a community like banding together. Yeah. Everybody kind of bands together to help someone. Yeah. That they think needs help. That they think needs help. And they spend resources and money and time looking for this person.


Gone. Girl, the book came out in 2012 and the, the movie came out in 2014. Oh, okay. So like the movie came out like right before this. Someone took notes. Somebody absolutely took notes. Not a doubt in my mind. So there were local businesses even offering their services or aiding in the search themselves. And local organizations like Shasta Support Service or Shasta County Guardian Angels were helping to coordinate different searches. These poor people, they put, that's the thing. Like this community really was amazing. Yeah. Like, and everything you would call the praise. Yeah. And everything you would hope would happen when somebody actually fucking disappeared. Yeah. They all did their job. Yeah. And above it, Sherry's sister Sheila told a reporter, I was just overwhelmed with all of the community involvement.


Like, yeah. Couldn't believe it. Within a few days of di of Sherry's disappearance, a massive Facebook group was generating a large number of tips. But at that point, none were particularly useful. And meanwhile, in reading, investigators started questioning the known sex offenders living in the area, but all had alibis that quickly checked out. So they were ruled out as suspects. And in an effort to encourage more tips from the public secret witness, a community based organization to help with missing persons cases, offered a $10,000 reward for any information leading to Sherry's safe return. Damn. A day later, that reward was raised to $50,000, thanks to a huge number of private donations.


Unbelievable. And those who couldn't donate money seemed more than happy to donate their time. People were literally driving to Redding from other parts of California having been just absolutely moved by the growing number of articles about this woman that everyone at, at that point was referring to as Supermom. Wow. Think of how big California is. Yeah. And people were driving from all over just to go participate in the search because this woman was so, like, such an inspiring mother to them. An inspiring wife. That's what's so scary is it's like this, that's the thing. Like people were not wrong to, to be taking that from her. No. Because that's what was being portrayed.


Yeah, exactly. And it's like, damn, there's a lot of, a lot of compartmentalization of personalities here. Yeah, definitely. So despite the truly remarkable community effort and countless man hours from local law enforcement, a week passed and there was still no sign of Sherry or even the slightest hint of where she could have possibly gone by that point. The sheriff's office had to consider the possibility of foul play, obviously, but they still weren't willing to confirm anything just yet. Lieutenant Anthony Bertain told reporters On November eighth, just based on the way this investigation kicked off, we're still handling this as a missing person at risk. We're investigating all avenues right now. We're not set on one particular direction.


Now, the lack of news from local law enforcement was obviously frustrating for the family and for the community who were starting to feel like all their efforts weren't getting them any closer to finding Sherry. Yeah. I can't imagine that her sister Sheila said at the time, the frustrating part is we feel like we're going on nothing. I think we exhausted the resources that we have out here to search for her. We feel that it's moved to where she's been taken from this area and everyone in the nation needs to be looking. So they were thinking she was beyond outta California at that point. Yeah. And that must be the scariest thought. Yeah. Is thinking she could be anywhere. Yeah. Literally anywhere. And like, how are we gonna find her in this like entire fucking country? How do we narrow this down at all? Exactly.


Now, while the family's concerns of a Kidnapping were understandable, they also were entirely plausible because less than a month earlier on October 12th, 51-year-old Stacey Smart disappeared from her home in Lewiston, which is only about an hour from reading. And with Sherry's disappearance happening so soon, and with the two women sharing pretty similar features. Yeah. Many in the community started to worry that maybe there was some kind of serial offender operating, which was probably the, the aim probably. So with no new evidence and a growing fear that something truly, truly nefarious had happened to Sherry. Suspicion of course fell on Keith Papini, particularly among the Facebook group that was dedicated to finding Sherry.


And this is where it can get dangerous. This is where it can get dangerous. Exactly. Because sure, it happens a lot of course are involved, but there are also cases where they are not involved and they are just dedicated to finding their wife. Well, and it's when it starts happening on like a particularly Facebook, I feel like, or like any kind of social media where it's like any kind of social media where it's like people are just getting kind of roasted on at the, you know, like at the stake for, for just like theories. It's like that's when it can get bad because Well, and also anybody can go on Facebook and say anything literally on any social media and say anything about anybody. Exactly. So it's like that's dangerous. Yeah. And then it can compromise the investigation. Especially when it's an active investigation.


Yes, exactly. So On November ninth, Sherry's father, actually, rod Rodriguez took to Facebook to defend his son-in-Law saying we recognize that in 80% of the disappearance cases, the spouse is responsible. But conversely, that means in 20% of the cases that the spouse is not involved, this case falls into the latter category. That's a big thing right there. Yeah. For her father to be like, I'm not even gonna entertain that idea. Yeah. He knows the guy. That's huge. Like he knows the guy more than anybody on social media knows the guy, you know? Yeah, exactly. And as evidence of Keith's innocence, Rodriguez pointed to the fact that Keith had fully cooperated with law enforcement and noted that his alibi checked out. He was at work at the time, his boss confirmed that he had been at work at the time.


Yeah. And the police even checked the cell and GPS data recovered from his phone on the day of the disappearance. And that also checked out with his, so it's like, it's like you, you've got like a fully, like a three-pronged way of telling that he is not involved. Exactly. But if he wasn't responsible, who the fuck was. Yeah. This was obviously the question that the sheriff's office was grappling with once they cleared all of the more likely suspects on their list. Because I can I feel like, obviously clearing suspects is a good thing. Yeah. But the more and more you cross people off that list and their alibis are checking out, you're losing. Where do you go from there? Steam. Yeah. Like that's the thing. Like once you cross people off, it's great. 'cause you're saying Cool, that husband didn't do it.


That's that's great. That's reaffirming. Yeah. And like the, you know, other people, it's like, yeah, you're narrowing it down, but sometimes it gets too narrow and then it's like you got nothing left. Yeah. Like what avenue do you, and where do we go from here? Right. So investigators searched, this is where they went from here. They searched state and local databases for cases with details that were matching Sherry's, but they didn't even find any connections. Damn. In fact, they even ruled out non-human attackers like mountain lions. Oh. Because sometimes in that area, mountain Lions wander down into town and they can pose a threat to the public. I get the, the fact that they even went that far. Yeah. To narrow that. Like that's pretty big. They were doing their due diligence for sure. The Sheriff said there were no signs of blood or struggle. And tracking dogs also never picked up the scent of a potty.


It seemed like Sherry had literally jogged out into that intersection outside of town and just evaporated into the air. Yeah. Leaving behind only her phone in that like the earbuds and the hair as evidence that she was even there.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, and even new ways of thinking. Find genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, and thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. If you know anything about Morbid, you know that we have the Weirdos Audio Book Club and we convene every couple months. And this month we'll be convening on December 13th to talk about this wonderful title Blue Beard. Really, really good. It's kind of like a radio drama, which is very interesting, really having a great time listening. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Listen, I don't know about you guys, but obviously I have some bad habits that I wanna shrug off. You know, we've all got bad habits that we try to shake off. And even though I'm not going around doing shady stuff, like some of the people that we'd be talking about on this podcast, it's always a good idea to make moves towards good habits. Let me tell you about this new alternative to smoking and vaping called Flavored Air. Our sponsor, fme have created an award-winning flavored air device that helps people ditch that bad habit of smoking. It was founded on this idea that if we stick to good habits, making change feels easier and less pressurized. Fume has a ton of delicious flavors to choose from. Crisp, mint, orange, vanilla, and new peach blush. I have the peach blush one and It is a yummy. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion. There's no nicotine, it's not addictive. It's non-toxic flavors. It is a guilt-free alternative plus no batteries. So you never need to even charge it. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time use MyCode Morbid to get a free gift with your journey pack. Had to try fume.com. That's try FU m.com and use code Morbid to get a free gift with your order today.


So despite the incredible community-wide search effort and the considerable reward for information, which at that point had reached nearly a hundred thousand dollars damn three weeks passed with no new leads, no new evidence, nothing. Then in the early morning hours of November 24th, 2016, a driver on interstate five in Yolo County spotted what appeared to be a young woman standing on the side of a rural road trying to flag him down. And this was about 150 miles from Redding. Wow. So the driver pulled over and was stunned to find that the woman who was still bound at the wrists And, it looked like she had been severely beaten, was none other than Sherry Papini.


I remember this, it's so weird. I don't remember this at all. I remember this And I was like out of high school. I literally don't remember this in any way. I remember it. And, I. Remember everyone probably including myself at the time, thinking when I was watching it, like the husband did it. Yeah. I mean, immediately you thought it, you do automatically it's, yeah, you start take face and then later you're to talk about it. Like what an asshole for thinking that. Damn. But, but yeah, it was, it was a wild news story. I, yeah, because when she was found, it was like, whoa. And then things started happening and you were like, whoa. Yeah. Like what is going on? Because that really never happens. It's like obviously like It does, very rarely does it happen you and far between. And then when somebody does get recovered and like Yeah.


They still can't find the people that did it. and it was how it, it was her immediate, and we'll obviously get to it. Yeah. But her description of her attackers Yes. Immediately I think went, huh. Huh. That's weird. Huh? Her immediate description of her attackers and then they dig into her past and her opinion. Exactly. And that's why it went, huh? Yeah. We'll get there, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Trigger warning right up here for racism. Yeah. So the driver immediately obviously called the California Highway Patrol to report the discovery. And officers were at the scene within minutes. They quickly requested backup for what they described as a woman who was quote unquote heavily battered. And she was, yeah. And his statement to the press, the Sheriff said, we are very ecstatic to report that Sherri Papini has been located and has been reunited with her husband and family on this day of Thanksgiving.


I'm happy to say that Sherri is now safe and that she has been treated at, at an area hospital outside of Shasta County for non-life threatening injuries. So at the time, the sheriff's office had little to say in the way of details, telling reporters just that Sheri's injuries were non-life threatening authorities were now on the lookout for a quote, dark colored SUV with two Hispanic females armed with a handgun. Hmm. In, the days that followed small details about the case started to emerge via the sheriff's office. Sheri had been discovered a short amount of time after being dropped off by her captors according to the Sheriff. But he added, there is sensitive information that is being withheld at this time that I'm not able to put out, and please respect this until such time when we're able to make an arrest and bring these criminals to justice and Sherry's abduction.


So there was a lot that they were working on at this point that they were keeping close to the chest. Yeah. But by the end of the month, the family had put out a press release detailing some of the information yet to be released to the media in the three weeks since her abduction Sherry had dropped to 87 pounds. Wow. And was quote, covered in multicolored bruises, severe burns, red rashes, and chain markings. Which sounds fucking horrific. Absolutely. And you would never in your mind think that somebody would be able to create those injuries on their own. Yeah. Just like willingly. Yeah. But according to her husband, Keith Sherry had quote, suffered incredibly through intense physical agony and severe mental torture among other things.


Her hair had been cut off. She had been branded with the word Exodus, like genuinely branded. Literally branded. And she told police that she believed that it was a reference to the Bible. And in addition to her other injuries, the bridge of her nose had been broken. Damn. So she, like, she had any part of her body that was visible, she had injury was injured. Yeah. And just, and also like her hair being cut off. Yeah. Like, that's so psychologically fucked. Like Yeah. Horrifying. In his statement, Keith said, nothing could have prepared me for what I was about to see upon my arrival at the hospital, nor the details of the true hell I was about to hear. The mental prison I was in over the past three weeks was shattered when my questions of my wife's reality became known.


That's like, I can't imagine seeing the person you love that you love like that. No. And thinking about what they've gone through for three weeks and think about in the three weeks that Sherry's been gone, I'm sure all Keith is doing is imagining what's happening to her. Oh yeah. And where she is, and who has her and his mind is probably coming up with all these fucked up scenarios while trying to be a parent while trying to still take care of is two little kids, by the way, these kids were little, little kids. And then he walks into the hospital and sees hers. That And, it confirms like probably his worst night things nightmares were true. Awful. Yeah. So I can't imagine horrific. So while most people were happy to learn that Sherry had returned home safely, some found her safe return to be a bit suspicious.


For one thing, there appeared to be no motive for the abduction to hear the story as Sherry told it. And as it would be repeated by the Sheriff and family members. She was abducted by quote two Hispanic female adults who quote, spoke Spanish the majority of the time of her captivity, and concealed their faces in an attempt to hide their identities from her. So according to the sheriff's office, these were the only known abductors. But when it came to a motive, the Sheriff said, we still do not have a motive as to the reason why Ms. Papini was taken. We do not know if she was a specific target or if this was a random abduction, because it's like they weren't asking for ransom. They weren't asking for ransom. So they just abducted her to hold her and beat the shit out of her for a few weeks and then, then let her go, and then drop her on the side of the road.


Like, why? And like, not like that's like, that's, I'm not saying that's like people aren't fucked and people don't just do things. No. It happens things to do them. We cover cases all the time where people do things just to do horrible things. There's a case that I'm gonna reference in a minute here where like, that very thing did happen. Yeah. So I think that's also why the police weren't really saying like, okay, this is impossible. Well, they can't, they can't, like they, they have to explore every avenue. And you're right, they have, there's gotta be at least a slight precedent to be like, okay, this is possible. Right. Is it a little out of the realm of, of, you know, likely. Yeah, definitely.


But we gotta look at it, but we can't investigate it like it didn't happen. Because again, what if that is what happened? Yeah. You don't wanna be sitting there being like, Hmm, you're lying. Right. Like, you know what I mean? And find out that this is really what happened. Yeah. And this person is traumatized from it. The, the police in this case absolutely did their due diligence. Yeah. Like absolutely. But lack of motive was not the only reason people were suspicious. There was also what many people perceived to, and you kind of hinted at it earlier Yeah. To be an overemphasis on the kidnapper's race. Yeah. In a case, surprisingly light on details and evidence. And one where the kidnappers wore masks or obscured their identities. Otherwise there was an unusual focus on their racial characteristics.


Through the course of their investigation, reporters discovered multiple blog posts, apparently written by Sherry in 2007, where she quote made racist comments about Latinos, among other things. Ding, ding. In one post she wrote, I used to come home in tears because I was getting suspended from school all the time for descent defending myself against the Latinos. The chief problem was that I was drug free, white and proud of my blood and heritage. This really irked a group of Latino girls, which would constantly rag and attack me. That right there tells you everything. But wait more saying, I was drug free, white and proud of my blood and heritage.


That screams a certain grouping of people who believe that. Well, and she's about to call them out. Yeah. Post went on to say, being white is more than just being aware of my skin, but standing behind skinheads who are always around in spirit as well. And having pride for my country. Yeah. If you were wondering whether she's an asshole, ding, ding, ding. There you go. Asshole. Yeah. Who the fuck takes to a blog post to write that? Well, and what's very interesting to me is like, you were, you were so open about how racist you are and then you went and did this and decided to take it a step further.


And it's like, babe, babe, their job is to investigate your past. They're gonna find out that you're racist against this group of people. Yep. You don't think they're gonna question. Yep. Why? You might be emphasizing the race of the, and women, women specifically. 'cause she specifically says this group of of girls. Yep. but it it's definitely girls and then it happens to be two, two women, women of that particular group of people that, which is not likely. No. It's that two women abduct another woman. Exactly. It's like, could it happen again? Happens totally. Nobody's saying it couldn't. But we do have to put on our like, logic hats here and say, this doesn't happen a lot at all.


No. Like the, the, the precedent for this is tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Minimal. Of course, if it ended up being true, then you go, wow, stick that in that precedent bucket and holy shit, we'll reference that later. But it's like, they are looking at this and going, Hmm. The fact that it's too women. And she's already talked about girls, like a group of girls that were like being mean to her and that she didn't like and she's so proud of being white and shit. Like, come on, come on. Saying you're proud to be white is crazy. I I. Just have to say that. It, it goes crazy I. Just have to say, that's a fucking insane thing to say. It's weird. And I'll move on now. Okay. It's weird. Okay. Like, just be proud to be a good human.


Yeah. I I to be a good print. Never have I ever been proud to be a white person. Like what? It's weird. It's, it's weird. I'm proud of my Irish heritage. I'm proud of my Scottish heritage. I'm not proud to be a white person. Like, what's, that's insane. Insane. That's the thing. That's exactly how I feel. I am super proud of having Scottish heritage. Yes. And Irish heritage. I, I'm proud of my 1.4% Italian heritage. I'm jealous of your Italian heritage. But like to be like, I am proud to be white. Like no crazy. I'm just proud that I have this very interesting heritage that I can look back on. Yeah. And discover and research and take, you know, recipes from totally like, you know, like cool legends and folklore to each their own to, to bring like, it's just a strange, it's a strange thing to like point at and be like, I am proud.


I don't understand. I do not, that's very weird. Understand. Also very weird saying that skinheads are always around in spirit. That's the fuck. Does that mean Sherry? I don't understand the fuck. Does that mean Sherry I? Hope not. I don't understand Sherry. I hope not. I'm glad I don't understand. Sherry I don't ever want to understand her. Yeah. But anyway, she said, so she said all that and then in her post recovery interview with the FBI, she's continued to seem very focused on the ethnic aspects of her abductor's appearance. She told one agent, the smaller one had dark curly hair that's kind of short and so curly that if she didn't put product in there, it would probably be really frizzy. Wow.


Wow. Sherry, what the fuck is that gonna mean to that arresting sherry officer? Look out for a girl with frizzy hair who uses product. So it's not, I love that she's literally like, it wasn't frizzy, but I bet if she didn't put product in it, it would be a fucking mess. So look out for that girl. Like, what are you talking about? Okay, asshole. Like cool microaggression. Yeah. She also described their clothing and racially coded and overtly classist terms saying their quote, brown shoes looked like guest knockoffs. Wow. And they wore quote those big hoop earrings and had thin, almost drawn in eyebrows. Wow. Like, you're an asshole. True. You know how many things we could say to describe you, Sherry? Well that's, I'm like bold. Really boldly of you.


Bold of you. I won't I I won't say shit. I won't. 'cause I'm not an asshole. But I'm thinking it. But bold of you. Super duper bold. That's all I'm gonna say. Anyway. Given the lack of evidence and the overtly racist comments that Cherry had made in the past, some people suggested, Hey, maybe this entire Kidnapping was a hoax deliberately planned to demonize the Latino community in northern California. Maybe. Huh. And that's the, that's the thing here. It's like in situations where it's like somebody has had like, you know, a mental health break and there's been like some thing that you're like, okay, they perpetuated this idea or something like this and, and they went too far. Like we've had cases like that.


Yeah. Of course. I can't point to one right now 'cause I don't, haven't had enough coffee. But brain has jumbled. But you know, where like you can sit there and you can look at it and go, okay. Like I can at least have some sympathy for what this person was going through at some point. Yeah. This case none. You just zero. I can't find sympathy in my heart. One for a racist. No. And two, I can't find sympathy in my heart for someone who wastes the resources of an entire community. Yes. And traumatizes her own young family. Yes. For what? Her family, her sister, her children. I can't find for that. I. I can't. Her husband never. So that's, that's why we are like, she's such an like, she is, in my opinion, I think she's an asshole.


I think this entire thing to traumatize your family and loved ones like this, and again, to suck on the resources of a community that needs them, that needs these resources and has bigger fish to fry and to like, to take money from people and time from people and emotional like allowances from people Yeah. Who are like putting them into this whole thing because they care. Right. And just because they're tr they're a good tight knit community That's so fucked. It is fucked. And. I can't. That's so like, you're an emotional vampire. You are. And it's like, that's shitty. And like, we'll get there. But spoiler alert, if you somehow don't know this case, she was like watching the news coverage. Oh yeah. She saw what watching was going on her family.


That's why I can't on television. I can't, like that's how I could n like even just say I could never look at Drew on television. Yeah. Like begging me to come home and be like, that's, and just be like, oh my God. Hilarious. You wanna throw another hockey pot my face? Like, let's, let's wait a couple of days. Like no. And again, if you somehow find sympathy for this person in your heart, that's like totally your Yeah. You're a better person than us. Your prerogative. And you're probably a better person and like, you know, that's fine. Yeah. But I don't, everybody's allowed to have their own opinion. Yeah. I don't Yeah. And I. And I'm not going to And you're allowed to give your sympathy where you see fit. Yeah, exactly. I have sympathy for the fact that like, I'm sure she's very mentally ill. Absolutely. Like I absolutely have sympathy for like whatever's going on in her mental.


That's fucked. Yeah, for sure. But it's like when you talk about insanity versus mental illness, I don't think she's insane. I think she's mentally ill. I still think she knew what she was and she's racist. She was doing was wrong. And she's racist. She's, she literally did all this like partially to demonize an entire community of people. Exactly. That's like not mental illness, that's just evil. That's hundred percent evil Is evil. The mental illness. It's like that's why I can't find the, I got nothing. I don't blame it. I feel like the mental illness comes into play with like the injuries. Like I thi you have to be mentally ill to do what this woman did. There's something Yeah. but it doesn't take away the, but no, I completely the absolute evil shit that's going on around there. Completely agree. I completely agree with you too. Completely agree with you.


I agree with you. I agree with you. So sorry. We like Good point. Yeah. Support. So in response to everybody saying this was a great hoax, Keith Papini told a reporter, those people should be ashamed of their malicious subhuman behavior. We are not going to allow those people to take away our spirit love or rejoice. And our girl found alive in home where she belongs. I understand why people want the story pictures proof that this was not some sort of hoax planned to gain money or some fabricated race war. And it's like, you understand why he's saying that's disgusting? Of course. Because it would be disgusting if why did that can't fathom And he can't fathom that she did that. Exactly. And of course, why would you, you would hope and pray that the woman that you married and procreated with could not be that evil.


Yeah, exactly. Could not be capable of something like this. And the sheriff's office was similarly supportive of Sherri and the Papini family at that point saying, we currently have no reason to disbelieve Sherri Papini story. She was assaulted and had injuries, which she's been treated for. I think that was the main thing that everybody held injuries held onto that you couldn't fathom somebody allowing themselves to be hurt that way. Yeah. Or hurting themselves that way. You're like, there's no way branded broken nose hair cut off, bruised beyond, like bruised if you see, see pictures of her. Yeah. She like, she beat the shit out of herself. Yeah. And had help beating Yeah. Herself. It's crazy. It's unbelievable. She and and like she wasn't eating so she lost weight.


Yeah. Like when I say dropped down to 87 pounds that you can't even picture that. No. You think of like your tiniest friend. Yeah. They are not that tiny. Exactly. That's crazy. Yeah. So while those who questioned the legitimacy of Sherry's claims were far outnumbered by her supporters skepticism did continue to grow In. the days that followed, particularly as information remained vague and everyone involved was very tight lipped. The investigation then was further hampered by Keith Papini, who in an effort to disprove the skeptics, released details to the media. Sheriff Pko said, I did not know he was going to release this until a short time before I did a media media interview. I think with some of the details he has provided, it could affect the integrity of the investigation.


Oops. Which is not great. Yeah. Because the Sheriff had hoped to keep the few details that they did know about the abductors quiet until they narrowed in on a suspect and they felt that Keith's rush to defend his wife pretty much compromised their case if luckily they didn't technically have a case. Yeah. Luckily it really wasn't matter in the end. It weren't looking for anybody. But if they were, it could have fucked it up. Yeah. But you also understand why he wants to rush to defendant. Of course you can see both sides.


Let's face it, after a night with drinks, you just don't bounce back the next day like you used to. You have to make a choice. Either have a great night or a great next day. Actually that was until I heard about Z Biotics pre-Cool. Now I don't have to choose. Their probiotic was invented by PHD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. This is a proactive solution that wards off feeling miserable the next day instead of a reactive approach like drinking electrolytes or eating greasy food. I used to be a girly that would stop for, you know, something disgusting and greasy to cure my next day, if you will. I kept hearing about pre-Cool though. And I actually wondered what it was actually like. And now that I've tried it, I genuinely believe the hype. Go to biotics.com/ Morbid to learn more and get 15% off your order. When you use Morbid at checkout z Biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to biotics.com/ Morbid and use the code Morbid at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


As a parent, you never wanna sacrifice quality for convenience, yet so many baby and kid food options today just don't meet the bark. That's why I personally love Little Spoon. They deliver healthy, ready to eat meals and snacks that your baby toddler or even your big kid will love and that you can actually feel good about. All of their products are junk free, organic, where it counts non GMO and thoughtfully sourced. They really know what parents want today and they make it so easy. They have an amazing variety of baby blends, puffs, biteable plates, smoothies, lunches and snacks. I personally love the snacks. They are actually pretty delicious. Alina's kids eat them and then I steal them from the pantry and they're convenient, delicious and awesome. Did I mention that it all comes right to Elena's door, so flexible, so easy, and everything stores right in the fridge or the freezer. Alayna picks the menu and you can change up what you order every time the price is right. The quality's unmatched. Alayna loves it. Her kids love it. The grandparents love it. I love it. It's a huge win-win for her family. And, it can be for yours. Simplify your kiddo's mealtime with 30% off your first order. Go to little spoon.com/ Morbid 30 and enter our code Morbid 30 at checkout to get 30% off your first little spoon order.


But despite the sheriff's attempts to quell the growing interest and debate over the legitimate legitimacy of the claims skepticism about Sherry's Kidnapping just kept on growing. Yep. In certain ways, experts on the matter found this to be entirely reasonable, if not expected, given the lack of details and the outright just fucking strangeness of the claims being made. Yeah. For instance, there aren't that many reasons why an adult would be kidnapped and if any of them result in the abductor, just letting the person go without having achieved some kind of objective, a ransom of some sort or something. Yeah. Like you know, you don't really see a case where Yeah, they just let you go. To let you go. It happens, but it's, but like maybe once or twice it I've heard of to find a handful of cases like that.


I don't even think there is a handful that I know about at least. But also Sherry had said that she was abducted by two women, which is an extremely, like I said, rare occurrence. Former FBI agent Mary Ellen O'Toole said, women don't commit these kinds of crimes because it involves an element of predatory behavior. But those same experts also caution the media to keep an open mind about the case. O'Toole also told a reporter, I've had some pretty bizarre but righteous cases where people look at it and say, that didn't happen even when it did. And yeah, absolutely. It happens all the time. And Kenneth Ryan, a professor of criminology at Fresno State echoed O'Tooles sentiment saying, I know of no other cases like this, but that does not mean it's not legitimate.


Exactly. There's always precedent comes from somewhere. Yes. So, and speaking of precedent, in addition to the handful of experts who also cautioned people to remain open-minded, several members of the press were quick to point to the 2015 Kidnapping of Denise Huskins in Vallejo, California. There weren't many similarities in the details of the cases, but in the Huskins case, her kidnapper abducted her from a home she shared with her boyfriend, held her captive for several days and then just released her. Yeah. And that's shocking. Which was crazy. And initially the police concluded that the entire Kidnapping was a hoax and they actually treated her and her man terribly. Mm. Like it, it's rough to watch.


But they then had to retract their statement once evidence conclusively proved that she had in fact been kidnapped and sexually assaulted by Matthew Moler, a former lawyer suffering from a very serious mental illness at that point. Holy shit. Really good docuseries on the case. It's called American Nightmare. Ooh. It's on Netflix. Jarring. That's horrifying. Like genuinely terrifying. It will have you buying a security system immediately. Do you know anything about that case? Yeah. Fucked. So, but so to point that that can happen. Yep. You know, where the, there's details that vary with Sherry having been abducted by two women versus like a man who could overpower her.


Well that's, that's the other, there's like differences here. Yes. Where it's like a man abducted, a woman sexually assaulted her and let her go. It's also the middle of the night. Yeah. And it's like, but this is two women. Yeah. And like then they just like beat the shit out of her and let her go. Right. Like, I don't know. Exactly. You know. Now the other bizarre part of Sheri's story was the surprising sum of money that had actually been offered up in exchange for her safe return. Even though the kidnappers never asked for money, in addition to the original sum offered as a reward in the early days of the investigation, an anonymous donor offered a hundred thousand dollars as a reverse ransom for Sherry's safe return. Damn.


The donor refused to identify themselves and com communicated only through an intermediary who was Cameron Gamble, A local security contractor. But like that was That's crazy. Huge. That's huge. Huge That a one anonymous donor put up that much money. A hundred thousand dollars. Like that's a lot of fucking money. Yeah. Family friend Lisa Jeter said, I mean, who offers five or six figures to find someone they've never met. Yeah. Yet she and others were still convinced of the donor's intentions being good and as he put it, quote, the hands of God had been put on my heart to find papini. So that's just like a good ass person. Yeah. Cameron Gamble even went on television to announce the offer of money to the kidnappers.


But as it turned out, the offer was unnecessary because Sherry soon showed up in Yolo County and no kidnappers ever contacted anyone. That's the thing. To set up any kind of money drop or anything like that. Yeah. Who in their right mind abducts a woman period. But then Abducts a woman tortures her for a few days and then doesn't collect a reverse ransom of offered when it's hundred thousand dollars. Yeah. You would at least think that some kind of money drop would be set up or at least attempted, you know what I mean? That's what I mean. Like I can understand if they were like freaked out 'cause they were like, this is could clearly be a, a sting to get us. But to not even try to see, to not even have any, any kind of communication about it.


I don't know that I I Dunno, that just doesn't happen in my mind. I don't know. So by the end of the year, the public was eager for any details on the case, but both the family and law enforcement officials had nothing more to give. And January, 2017, Sherry's sister told her reporter, we would just appreciate our time to heal and privacy. And the sheriff's office also had little to say to the press in the months that followed, other than the standard response, Bosko insisted to the public that the investigation is still ongoing. It's a priority case. We're still being assisted by the FBI in the case. Were waiting for some evidence to be processed by the California Department of Justice. Now by the end of 2017, little had changed, but skepticism surrounding the whole ordeal had grown somewhat stronger.


We're getting more and more skeptics on this. In October, 2017, the sheriff's department released a sketch of the suspects based on Sherri's descriptions as well as a recording of Keith's call to nine one one to report Sherri missing. And they hoped that these would generate some kind of new lead or evidence, but literally nothing came from them because they weren't real people. 'cause they were not real people. And the same was true of the surveillance video released A month later showing Sherri emerged from the woods along the side of I five in Yolo County, which also I wanna live in Yolo County. And. I. Just think Yolo County. Yeah. That's hilarious. In late December, law enforcement officials released a statement to the press saying we're still reviewing stuff with the case and then obviously if appropriate and if it's going to help identify the suspects, then we'll release more information.


But we have no plans for anything to be released in the coming months. So frustrating. So everybody was like, okay. Like I guess we'll just never fucking know what happened here. Because eventually one year passed to the next and there was never any additional information, never additional details released about the case. And then the family just receded from the public spotlight. But that didn't, which would make sense. Which Yeah. You would expect that to happen if this was, they would want their privacy. Yeah. But that didn't stop the speculation. And of course the online arguments about the case with many people now more convinced than ever thought the Kidnapping had been a hoax. Because when you're not finding the people and there's no leads whatsoever. None.


Like obviously no motive, obviously cases go cold. Yeah, of course. That kind of thing. But there's no motive. You can't find any suspects. Where's the evidence? No, you got that, that racist connection. Yeah. Like yeah, that's the thing. Something's wrong here. And that was sitting heavy with investigators. Yeah. They were like, they really clung onto that. Yeah. Rightfully so. Because if you're not finding these people Yeah. Sounds like they're made up. And that's when you go back to that blog post and you start digging versus more shit. Yeah. So while supporters and skeptics sparred with one another on social media because that is the way of life, the Sheriff's office continued investigating the case, but after repeatedly coming up empty, they actually passed the case to the FBI in early 2020.


By that time, Sheri Papini had received more than $30,000 in aid from the California Victims' Compensation Board. Damn. The fact that this asshole collected And that wasn't the only amount of money that she received. No. She got money from GoFundMe and other Oh yeah. Like, you know, charity organizations. But this one from the Victim's Compensation board, $30,000. And you just accept that and spend it. Yep. Thinking you're entitled to it. This is the same person that sat and watched her family beg for her safe return. Yeah. And still sat there and let it all go. Do you have a conscience? Yeah. That's I think some people just don't. That's the thing. I'm like, there's something wrong there that you don't have any kind like that you were able to perpetuate this for so long.


Yeah. So fortunately with their superior resources and larger reach the FBI was able to achieve what the Shasta County Sheriff's Office had and they managed to get to the truth. And that's why we're sitting here today talking about this, the FB motherfuck And I. That's why we're calling Sherry an asshole. Don't worry if you don't know the case, you'll soon find out what an asshole she is. Yeah. I mean, already there there was some pieces of evidence we've given you that that should be showing you that. But Yeah, exactly. But but even more of an asshole, you go crazy somehow in the absence of any new evidence, the FBI agents turned to Sherry's past and they discovered that she wasn't always the supermom. She was described as in the wake of her disappearance in an interview with her first husband.


She'd been married before she married him in 2006. So she could quote, qualify for health insurance. They learned that Sherry had a long history of lying and fabricating stories and many referred to her as being quote unquote attention hungry. Ah, there It is the ex-husband also told investigators that Sherry had quote fabricated stories about being the victim of abuse according to another friend from her past. Sheri was quote, good at creating different realities for people so that they would see what she wanted them to see. Which got her really good attention. Oof. And while the Kidnapping case might've seemed like a pretty extreme length to go to in order to get some kind of attention, many people who knew Sheri and knew her, especially when she was younger, wouldn't have been surprised to learn that she had gone that far.


Which is unbel if, if people are saying they wouldn't be surprised if you would go this far. Whoa. That like, whoa. When you think of every, like how far she truly went and people she branded her, she was branded for people to be like, yeah. People to be like, yeah, she probably could have done that herself probably. It's like, whoa, my God. You have a history my friend. She sure does. In 2003, she ran away from home and filed a police report falsely accusing her own parents of physical abuse. Yeah. So this is a, it was determined that had a pathology here. And she had also said that past boyfriends were violent with her when like they were not evidence to prove that they were not. Yeah. She, she lied about being a victim of abuse many, many times.


Yeah. Which is fucked up. Which is fucked up. So the deeper agents dug into Sherry's history, the more they started to question just how happy this supposed Super Mama really was. According to phone records. She had been keeping in regular contact with her ex-boyfriend Sean Rays as recently as 2015. And they frequently used phone cards and burner phones to communicate, which that's not shady as fuck. Which is sketchy as as fuck. It was through an interview with Ray that the real story of Sherry's quote unquote Kidnapping finally came into focus. This shows you, you don't know anybody. Like, damn, you don't know anybody.


Like the whole community saw her as this supermom happy wife. Everything. Yeah. I'm tell, and in, in the age of social media, you specifically don't, you don't know anyone remember that. You don't remember that you are seeing a curated version of everyone's life character. You're seeing a character 100%. And that's, I've seen so many instances of that recently on social media where like things are happening and like people find these like, are like, oh, this person is not what I thought they were. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, you don't know anyone. No. If you don't know, know people personally and deeply, you don't know them. And the sooner you realize that and like are happy with that boundary being there, the better this will all be.


Yes. 'cause I think people are putting way too much into social media. I think so. Definitely. That's my little soapbox. I'll get off it. But according to Ray, Sherry called him On November second 2016 and asked him if he could come pick her up and if she could stay with him for a while. Oof. In a statement to the FBI Ray's cousin confirmed that he had seen Sherry at hi at Ray's apartment on at least two occasions. Ray's told agents, Sherry said that quote, her husband was beating and raping her and she was trying to escape and that she had filed police reports, but the police were not doing anything to stop her husband's abuse, which sounds horrific. So of course he was like, yeah, you can come stay with me now. While she was there staying with him, she concocted that fake kidnapping hoax in order to avoid having to explain where she had been.


And the entire time she was there, she quote, harmed herself to support her false claims. Wow. While she was there, she like stopped eating like she ate very minimally and he was like, oh, like can I make you, can I make you anything? Yeah. Didn't she have like a banana every She would, yeah. She would literally just have like a banana. She, he, she asked him to like hit a hockey puck off her face at one point. Yeah. Banked a hockey puck off her leg. It literally, that's exactly how they said it in the documentary bank, a hockey puck off her leg. And this guy's just like, okay, And I. Think the way they broke her nose was, I think a hockey stick was involved. I think you're right. Yeah. And like a closet door or something like that. There was, yeah. Yeah. I mean, wild shit.


Talk about FIA do wild shit. Damn. Yeah. So after about three weeks of just staying there doing all that wild shit, rays had a friend rent a car for him and he drove Sherry out to that rural spot on I five where she was found on the morning of November 24th, 2016. A check of the rental car odometer log confirmed that the vehicle had traveled the distance. Wow. Between Ray's apartment and the drop off spot in Yolo County. It's those little things. I I love that shit when it comes down to these little things. I'm always like, damn damn forensics. And his story also explained the unidentified DNA on Sherry's clothes when she reappeared, which was tested and later confirmed to belong to Sean.


Wow. So she was just having a grand old time. So she, to be clear, she bullshitted this entire thing, the entire thing to hang out with a boyfriend. Yep. An ex-boyfriend. An ex-boyfriend. Oh, yep. Remember she has two young children, literally two little like younger, young, young babes, like teeny tiny babes. Un left them at daycare. Un unc unconscionable. No, I can't imagine. And then watched on TV as her husband cried and begged for her safe return. Yeah. Her parents husband, her sister, her friends, everybody that loved her. Watch the community go to all these lengths, watch the cops talk about how much resources they were putting into it.


Watch that dollar amount go up and up and up of people donating outta the goodness of their hearts and somehow like fed off of that. Yeah. Like, it wasn't like, oh fuck, what have I done? But what you should take from this is not, wow. People are the biggest shitheads in the entire world. No one person is the biggest shithead in the entire world. But look at the other side of it. All those other people, an entire fucking community of people Yes. Showed everybody what humanity is. Yes. Like that's the thing to take from this is, and they all said, we do it again. Yeah. Like we thought someone was missing. We thought one of our own was missing. That's our community. That's our community. It's like that take that away from it. Yes. That like most people in the world are gonna do, are willing that Yes.


Like these are the ones that you just suss out and you say fuck off and you, and you sit there and you wonder how people are even capable of existing. Yeah. Like Sherri papini, like the the toxic waist stump that must be her soul. Yeah. Like talk about a trashed soul. Like it's, she is a trashed soul. She scares me. Yeah. What scares me is I also feel like I like know people like her. Yeah. And she's not happy. No. Nobody who does this kinda shit is a happy person. No, no, not at all. Like nobody who's an asshole being a dick to other people and like taking up other people's time, like ruining people's days doing whatever, being racist is a happy person racist? No, not at all. They're always miserable. So in August, 2020 agents interviewed Cherry again and laid out the evidence that they discovered and warned her at the top of the interview that it was a crime to lie to the FBI.


So they're like, here's your time. However, Sherry quote did not retract her Kidnapping story and insi and instead continued to make false statements about her purported abductors and denied her ex-boyfriend's involvement. They sat there and they said, we tested the male DNA that they found on you. It's Sean's. And she sat there and acted shocked and said, Sean would never do that to me. It it can't be him. And like literally started to cry. Like she was just having a revelation about like, oh my God. It couldn't have been him. No, no, no way. No. Meanwhile she had been staying with him for weeks. She literally sit on me talking to him on burner phones. You couldn't wa you guys gotta go watch the interviews. Yes. Because they're so deeply disturbing. Yeah. And I feel so bad because her husband is with her when they confront her.


Yeah. And if anybody ever thought that he was involved in it, seeing his reaction. Yeah. When they tell hi. When they tell Sherry when that starts coming out. Hello? Yeah. He is blindsided. Yeah. I feel so for that guy. Yeah. It really is sad but unfortunate. Oh, and then another thing, and if you watch the documentary on Hulu, you'll see it. She had perfectly described where she was being contained and it was this very specific closet that she kept talking about. And when they went to her boyfriend's at her ex-boyfriend's house, he had that exact closet and they were like, nobody else would've had the closet that she No, it was like a very specifically made Yeah. Like there were certain like pipes and wires and stuff that went, she had described went certain places.


And they were like, what are the fucking odds that that's the exact closet system? The, and the fact that she described his closet why did, didn't even make something. You lied about everything else. Why are you giving the exact closet? Like I'm glad that You did. Yeah. Thank goodness. Because it got us to hear. Yeah. And also she, and this is the scary thing about Sherri Papini. She sat there in that interview room when they said, we ran the DNA testing and it matches your ex-boyfriend Sean Ray. And she said, no, no, no, it can't be him. You have, you have to check it again. There's no way it could be him. Yep. She thought that she could get the upper hand there and convince them otherwise on DNA, she wanted them to rerun. That's like saying, can you crunch those numbers again?


No, on it's N-A-D-N-A. Like no. If it's, if it's hidden on a person that's involved, it's the person. We didn't crunch the numbers wrong. Right. It's a fucking like, what this is forensics bitch. This is DNA. Hello, this is deoxyribonucleic acid, you're not gonna get out of here Her. It's like, what the fuck? Like what? But just the fact that she thought, but that's how, but she's that diabolical that she was like, let me give this a shot because she's gone her whole life manipulating And I think she was like, well this is my magnum opus. Yes. And I can definitely keep this going. Yes. I just have to try harder. And it's like, no babe. No babe. DNA does not lie. You cannot manipulate DNA. No. It's just not gonna happen.


No. And we got the fucking odometer telling us the exact distance, the odometer, the closet the they even found. And if again, if you watch the documentary, you'll find this out. She had saved to her Pinterest board would like wood burning tools. Oh my God. Yes, you're right. Which she then used to brand herself. Yeah. With the word Exodus. She had saved those to her fucking Pinterest board. This, this bitch Pinterest her own kidnapping hoax. Literally that's a level of diabolical and also just, and like completely like D lulu that you can't even comprehend. And the malice of fucking four up there the most to plan your own branding the most.


Hello? Yeah. Hello. Is right. Hello. Actually goodbye is right. Goodbye. Goodbye Sherry. Goodbye. But not goodbye yet. So unfortunately the onset of the Covid to 19 pandemic really, really hampered agent's ability to aggressively pursue this case. Rona really fucked us. Yeah. But don't worry. We got there in early March, 2022. They were able to get a warrant for Sherry's arrest based on the evidence and statements from her boyfriend, Sean Rays there, her ex-boyfriend. Thank goodness. In addition to being charged with lying to the FBI. Geez. Sherry was also charged with mail fraud stemming from her receipt of more than $30,000 in victim assistance money from state agencies, which carried a combined sentence of up to 25 years in prison if she were to be convicted.


Damn. And she should have got that. Yep. On March 3rd, 2022, Sacramento, FBI agents were staked outside of Sherry's neighborhood, hoping that they'd be able to stop her when she drove. Like maybe going on some kind of errand without the kids. They were really hoping to not get her in front of the kids. Yeah. They really were trying to avoid that. And they thought that they had her when she peeled out of a neighborhood and she started toward downtown Redding, but then they realized that the kids were with her and they were headed to some kind of music class. Like she was dropping them off. So once they were sure that they, they like had to redo their plan really quickly. So once they were sure that Sherri was inside the building, they sent an agent in to tell her that somebody had hit her car outside.


Oh yeah. Hoping they could get her outside without alerting the kids. Yeah. So she like lost her shit and ran out and unfortunately when she ran out, her kids followed her because she had made such a scene. Yeah. She like screamed about it. Gave her, they witnessed the arrest take place. Oh. Which is really sad.


The right bra from ThirdLove can make any outfit look better fast. Their brows make it easy to bring back lift to get a smooth look or stop your shirt buttons from pulling. They don't just solve your bra problems. AKA problems. They look and feel amazing and come in over 60 sizes. They even invented half cup sizes for a perfect fit. I just got the 24 7 wireless bra And. I absolutely love it. So comfortable, super supportive and gives me the lift that I need. Take advantage of their Black Friday sale with up to 50% offsite wide and daily deals like wireless brass starting at just $15. It's too good to miss. So visit thirdlove.com now and get your problems solved.


She screamed. No and actually tried to run away from the agents, which later I was like, where did you think you were going? One thing Sherry, you going has its self-confidence and audacity she believes in herself and audacity. Yeah. Like where in abundance, like where are you going? Where are you going? Where are you going Sherry? You're hiding the piano. The whole world knows who you like, where are you going? Literally the entire world. Luckily she was quickly subdued and handcuffed before being put in the back of the agent's car. And luckily also the kids' piano teacher stayed with them and called Keith to let them know, let him know what was going on. She was like, Hey, you have to come get the kids. That breaks my heart. They got Sherry a few days later the family re released a statement expressing outrage over the way in which the arrest was handled, saying we love Sherry and are appalled by the way in which law enforcement ambushed her on Thursday AMO afternoon in a dramatic, unnecessary manner in front of her children.


I can understand. I can too. That's their children. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's that family's babes. Yeah. I I would be really upset if any kid that I love witness that. Absolutely. Like I, so I can fully understand that. And they also didn't know that there was a completely different plan and that it just didn't work out. Yeah. So I'm sure knowing that, so they were thinking they just did this to do it. Yeah. And I'm sure knowing that like retroactively, they're probably thankful that at least they tried to not involve the children. But I can totally understand why they were same pissed. A hundred percent. Yeah. Like outside of the kids' music class. That's sucks. Yeah. That really does suck. But the news of Sherry's arrest shocked friends and family and those around the country who were following the story, but not everyone was surprised by, I was gonna say I feel like by the arrest, a lot of people were shocked but most there, there was a large, there was a group of people that were like me reading local Tim Scarborough said there was so much that questioned the validity of her story.


I didn't believe it for a moment. Good for you Tim. He had actually covered Sherry's story on his blog, but in the week, in the wake of her mysterious return, he started to get suspicious of the inconsistencies and the various aspects that didn't make sense. And his public skepticism actually he got a considerable backlash from people I'm sure to the extent that he received like threats of violence to this person. I mean. 'cause it's, it's hard. It's like you're publicly being suspicious of something that could go the other way. Yeah. And it's like that can be a, obviously that would be awful. That's not a, if you were saying like this is a hoax and then it turns out it's not and they catch the people. Right. And you know she went through this whole thing. Right. Exactly. That's fucked up.


It's never okay to threaten violence against someone though. Well that's the thing. Like you can disagree with someone get and not get it together. People who do that disagree with normalize disagreements without saying I'm drugs of violence. I'm gonna hurt you physically. Yeah. It's cool. It's cool if you don't agree. Yeah, it's fine. It's the way of the world actually. Stop threatening everyone. My God. People are just, we're everyone's gonna different day and age. Everybody's just so angry. We gotta gotta calm down. Everybody is real angry. Calm down. You need to calm down. That's What did she say after that? Yeah. It's Taylor Swift. Oh yeah. Yeah. You're being too loud. It's so damn. It's 7:00 AM Alayna loves to say. Damn. It's seven.


7:00 AM am It's true. The Swifties are going crazy right now. It's I I. Love that song. It's a great song. I. Think it's funny. So other community members were outraged by the racist undertones of Sherry's story. Aris Gutierrez a business consultant who works, that's a pretty name. A gorgeous name. Aris Ace is really pretty. Ooh. I actually I looked it up. I think it means something. I really like that. I means something, but it means something pretty. I was pretty sure you know there while you look it up, there was this ash and I I remember true life on MTV. It was like, yes. Where it's at I I. True life all the time. Much there. Was that respect my sect Yes. Thing or no, it was, I'm a witch. That's what it was. It was like I'm a witch.


Or respect my sec. One of those. Yeah. And. it was, it had that vampire cult that was in the other one. Yes. In it again. I think they were in at least two things. Yeah. I think you're right. And 'cause I think it was like I'm a vampire or something through life. I'm a vampire or something. Yeah. And there was a girl named Aris or Aracelli I think it was Oh shit. Who was a witch. Yeah. But also was like a vampire as well. Oh you're right. I remember that episode. And she seemed to like such a, like such a sweet human. Yeah. I just like putting it out. I remember hearing her name And. I was like, oh that's a beautiful name. It's beautiful. and it a, that's the first beautiful thought. Meaning it means t alter of the sky or al Alter of Heaven. Heaven. I. I. Love that. and it comes from the Latin, Latin words Aura meaning altar and celly meaning sky.


Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah, it just like fe every, as soon as you hear it, it's just like, Ooh. Feels very like whimsical. It does. Yeah. It's certain names and like words. Just like when they come out you feel like they like they twinkle when they come. Yes. That's crazy. That's crazy because I could see it. I'm like, I just feel it Twinkling. She like wiggled her fingers and then I said twinkle at the same time. That was awesome. That's love that. So your name is Elli. Your name Twinkles. Your name Twinkles me Andena. Share a brain cell about it. That was wild. That was crazy. That's been happening a lot lately. Yeah, that goes crazy. No, I'm just kidding. Don't go away. But Aris Gutierrez, she was a business consultant and she works with the Latino community in Northern California and she said saying these two Hispanic women kidnapped her and all the lies that came out of the story, it's just too much.


It absolutely is. I agree Araceli. And you think of like, there is a huge Latino population in California and you probably, you fucked up their businesses as well. Oh my God. Yeah. Because you put out this shit and now all these people are probably being victimized because, because of your racist lies. They absolutely were. Yeah. There was like an uptick in threats. Violence and violence against the Latino community. And these like LA and these like Latino run businesses. Yes. These women, Latino loves run businesses. They're suffering. They're the one suffering from for your bullshit. And that's why she wanted to do it. Ooh. It makes me so mad. She literally like, that was part of it. It was so far reaching the bullshit that she committed. It really was. And given the timeline and the toner around the country, Gutierrez told reporters, the Papini story just gave a lot of people reason to believe in Trump's rhetoric.


It really sewed division. And it's like nobody should be sowing division. No point. Especially after that time. Like, come on. Like it's just unity, my friends unity. Exactly. We're all people. Let's just try to get it together. Let's just try to do the best we can and don't fuck up other people's businesses. Don't fuck up other people. People's businesses don't small racist all and shit like, like support small businesses lift up communities that are like, you know, oppressed. Like come on. Yeah. Come on. It's so, get easier to do that and how much we've seen in history. What happens when you're shitty to marginalized communities and you don't Yeah. When you're so discord. And like, why do we just continue to do it And it's also just gonna like I know we're just, we're like guys stop being dicks way.


Feel like feel listen to this show are beautiful souls. So they're like, I'm not being a dick. Yeah. Tell everybody that's ever, that's being a dick. Don't like you're trashing your own soul. Yeah. By doing that. Yeah. You're trashing it. It's true. It's a waist dump in there. So just don't trash your own soul. You wanna twinkle like aracelli. Yeah. You gotta bring this soul to your next lifetime. It's gotta be like clean and shit. It's like the older you get, the more you realize that it's just like, damn, I've said that today. Everybody needs to show. I'm like, you know, approaching the old age of 30. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm just old age I. Just I. I am realizing time is limited. No, it's true though. And I'm not trying to do fuck shit with the time that I have here. And you get, you know, you get more with honey. Yes. It's true. Exactly.


Honey is a cure. All I love honey And. it tastes good. And she lasts like so long. There you go. Anyways honey, we're really getting a little, we're getting a little off topic here. Morbid in the morning. Morbid in the morning. And. I haven't had any coffee according to the FBI affidavit. Sherry's emphasis on her supposed kidnapper's ethnicity led to quote years of tips from Redding and the surrounding communities about suspicious looking Hispanic women. And that's fucking tragic. Yeah. Like think of all the people that were just stereotyped. Yeah. And and like harassed. Yeah. And turned into a villain. Yeah. When they're not other members of the community were simply just fucking angry that they'd been duped into expanding an enormous number of resources.


Exactly. On a woman who had never been in any real danger. Family friend Jane Atkins said she had us essentially on a witch hunt. There were numerous posts on local social media group pages of sightings of women who looked like the suspects or similar vehicle descriptions had a lot of women on edge. And that's the thing. It's like, so she really didn't care because people get Wiley in these situations and it's like she didn't give a shit. Yeah. If these, if innocent women that happened to match that description hurt or God forbid drove a similar car hurt. Yeah. Like people can go vigilante on people like it's happened. It's like obviously you don't want it to happen, but it's like, no, but they do. But people do it. Yeah. And especially when there's like really big uproar in something like you're being portrayed as this like blonde mom supermom housewife that like just got snatched up by these evil Hispanic women going going jog.


And it's like, so people are gonna go crazy and it's like, and you just didn't care if innocent women were attacked on your behalf. Well because she's a racist. Like she just doesn't care. She, part of her wanted that to happen. That's, that's why she went me and said me. That's boggling that two Hispanic women did this to her. That's really mind boggling to me. That's fucked. And it's like you said, she specifically said women women because she had been, because she had a problem with them. She had claimed she had had a problem with girls in the past. And it's like all I'm thinking of because she was like, because I was drug free and proud to be white. Yeah. Like I would believe you of for being proud to be white, but also like, 'cause you were drug free. I'm, I'm not like, I have never witnessed an, an act of bullying where some girls are angry because some girl is drug free.


freecom and white. Well you know what that was, that was another, that was her putting another stereotype ly. It was, they were drug addicts. That's what It is like. She's putting all the all the racist rhetoric. Yes. Into one little, little sentence there. Little tiny blog. It's like me, I'm drug free. But they couldn't be, nobody gets bullied for people. Nobody. Drugs gives give shit fuck off. We gave a shit about are you kidding? Are are you fucking kidding me? Ugh. Others in reading echoed the sentiment. Redding a resident Erin Friedman told a reporter I was worried about her and her kids. It seemed like such a kick in the teeth of a community that didn't deserve to be treated like that. She stabbed our community in the back with every step she took. Yes. Boom. I think Erin put it perfectly. Yeah. But unfortunately if anybody was waiting for any kind of reasonable explanation for Sheri's behavior and lies, they were sorely disappointed.


So Frustrat and his statement to the press, Sheri's lawyer William Portanova said his client had a quote, complicated mental health situation I'll say, but one that has to be confronted and dealt with. And that includes admission and acceptance and punishment. As far as why she did what she did. Port Nova did not have that answer. He said, honestly, I don't know if anybody does. I don't know if she even, she knows and honestly whatever explanation she would give would not, I don't wanna hear it anyway. No. It just be because none of It is, is valid. So it's maybe excuses for Yeah. Piss poor behavior. The only excuse you you would have is I am devoid of humanity. Literally. That would literally be the only explanation that I'd be like, thank you. I'd rather hear that. Yeah.


Thank you for telling me that because like that's really it. I'm devoid of anything Good. Sorry. Sorry for that. Yeah. Like that would be the only, I'd be like, okay, that's full ownership right there. Yeah. Well she didn't do that. Whether she could explain herself or not. Sheri knew that there was no point in carrying on her protest because still she was like, no, this really happened. No girl. But in early April, 2022, she did agree to plead guilty and she provided a documented confession in exchange for a reduced sentence, which I wish was never on the table. The fact that she wouldn't with confronted with all that evidence, she still still wouldn't admit it until she got something out of it still. Wow. Yeah. Ugh. And a statement released through her attorney, she said, I am deeply ashamed of myself for my behavior and so sorry for the pain.


I've caused my family, friends and all the good people who needlessly suffered because of my story and those who worked so hard to try to help me. I will work the rest of my life to make amends for what I have done. Good. I hope you do. You know what I didn't here in there A direct apology to the Latino community. Yeah. You literally victimized them. Yeah. I'm sorry. To Hispanic women for completely demonizing you. She said, I'm sorry to my family, my friends and good people. Yeah. Who the fuck are you to determine who's a good person? How about you say sorry to the community that you completely victimized for years, years. Years. Like what the fuck is wrong with you? Yep. But per her agreement with the prosecutor's office, Sherry Papini was sentenced to remember she was facing 25 years.


Yeah. And I remember watching this and being like, are you fucking kidding me? Yeah. She was sentenced to 18 months in prison. To me that is a travesty. It is a travesty. It really is. And it. That was to be followed by a 36 month period of supervised probation. And in order to pay back the $309,902 in restitution. Wow. That's what she received. Wow. In total from like GoFundMe and victims compensation boards. While she was incarcerated, Keith Papini filed for a divorce and the court granted him full custody of their children. Good. There is a very interesting admission that Keith makes about what Sherry may have, may or may not have done with their children.


Yeah. Watch the documentary. I don't wanna get too much into it in here because it's just a, it's a detail that I can either confirm or deny. Substantiate as far as we know. But it's interesting. But it's what he says. So And, I'm happy that he has full custody. Yes. But definitely watch the perfect wife on Hulu. But in August of 2023, Sherry was released from prison and she transitioned to a halfway house. As of March of 2024, she has yet to pay any of her fine. Which with penalties is now nearly $350,000. Just keeps going up. What a asshole. I love that. She's just an asshole from, she's an start to finish still not even paying her fucking retribution. Yeah. Yep. Or restitution.


Whatever It is like, she says, I'm gonna work the rest of my life to make amends. And it's like you is pay. Yeah. I hope you do. Yeah. I do hope you do. I hope you work until the your last breath to make amends. I hope that, but it doesn't look like you are though. Not you're immediately getting immediately know and not not paying back any of the money. It's fucked up because it's like now you look back on it and you're like, what the fuck? Like what an asshole. That's insane. What a crazy story. And it's like while this was all going on, the pain and suffering and grief and stress. Yeah. That she caused for several parts of her life and trauma and communities and all that like trauma for her family. It's so real. Yeah. And it's like you look back on it now and can at least and can be like, wow, that was fucked up.


But during it it's like damn. Like the trauma you inflicted, it's fucked. And about 40 different directions is and especially filed especially on your kids. That's the thing. And it's like lady, if you wanted to disappear, write a note, get a divorce and disappear. Yeah. And then he can file for divorce if he divorce custody of the kids. If you wanted to, you wanna leave your whole life behind. Go right ahead. It's just the, the D Lulu that she thought she was going to just have the perfect like gone girl it. Yeah. Have the perfect disappearance and never get caught. Yeah. And I just don't know how she returned and looked in her kids' eyes every day. Well why'd you come back?


Oh, because she had to come. She wanted the attention, but it had do on and all of the above you had to like how you didn't think that was gonna come up. Like it's just Well and they, they were having trouble in their marriage. Definitely. Yeah. Like obviously she was still talking to her ex-boyfriend, And it a girl. They weren't happy. And I think she saw this as her because Keith even says it in the documentary. She would bring it up daily. Like everything, her ordeal that she had gone through and she would make him feel bad that he didn't save her. Oh yeah. Like she would literally be like, you didn't save me. You didn't find me And. I have to live with that. I have to live with the fact that you didn't find me. So it made it so that it's like she had the upper hand in the marriage. Whoa.


Like you're the asshole meter is it broke the psychological foment because the fact she She did all the things Yeah. That we just talked about and then had the fucking audacity to look at her husband who she tortured psychologically for weeks. Yep. And say, well I have to live with the fact that you didn't find me because you didn't wanna be found like holy shit. Exactly. You made, you went to great length to not be found. Be found to make sure you weren't found. Like damn, meanwhile you watched him beg for your return search. Do all the things And it still wasn't enough. Well taking care of your children and it still wasn't enough and still you're gonna make him feel like the shithead. Yep.


You are the ultimate shithead, And I. Think it was all so that she could come back and have him dote upon her and like, like I think she thought he was gonna realize what he lost. Yeah. It didn't quite work out that way. It is just the case is maddening. Bonkers mading. I'm glad they caught her. Yeah, same 'cause if it was still hanging out in the air. Like did is it a hoax? Is it auto hoax? Yeah. That would be maddening. I found another, I can't think of the name of the case right now, but I found another hoax that I wanna cover. Yeah. I I. Find them fascinating. They are fascinating. I find them disgusting and horrific, but I find them fascinating. So infuriating that somebody can go to those lengths and just have no not a care in the world for what they're doing to everybody.


No, that's nuts. Nuts. That's the real thing that gets you is they don't care how it's affecting everyone that they supposedly Yeah. Claim to care about. It's like, like that is void of all empathy. Yeah. Of all empathy. To take it so far. It's crazy. But yeah. Crazy case. I definitely wanna cover some more like these I I do like cases where people don't die like, you know. Yeah. That's nice. That's pretty nice. It's a nice break to have. I mean it's horrifying but still horrifying but in a completely different way. Yeah. I think I'm probably gonna take you back to a, A dark place. Yeah. That's what you're here for place I should say. Oh, what do you, what do you have cooking in the kitchen? I guess we'll have to see. We'll wait and find out.


That was so ominous. I dread Lina's still so thick and spooky season I am spooky season for life. I love it. I'm like Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah everyone. And I'm like still spooky. So spooky. Well to all our spooky listeners out there and to all our November 1st girlies and guys and they and thems, we hope you have a wonderful day and we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, But not so weird that you go and you develop an entire hoax Kidnapping story of just be an asshole. Don't do that. I talk so much. I don't know. Go listen to listen tales 'cause there's a video. Yeah, maybe there will be another one.


Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her and she wasn't the only target because buried in the debt of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery app for all your true crime listening.