
Hey, weirdos. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery. Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us If you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Shutterfly believes the moments that matter deserve a photo book. Photo books are for big moments, like, you know, weddings, graduations, or a bucket list trip. But they're also for everyday moments. You could turn your Instagram feed into a coffee table book. That would be a conversation piece. You could make an annual memory book for your kids, or my personal favorite, create a family cookbook. The possibilities with Shutterfly are endless, and Shutterfly photo books are meant to last to be passed down, shared and enjoyed. I love the idea of making a family cookbook. I think it's like a really sentimental piece that you could pass down throughout your family and, you know, just have all those recipes. So I decided that I was gonna make one with Shutterfly. One of my favorite things ever was the suggested layouts that they have. I was like, oh, okay. And they also have this little autofill thing. Amazing. It makes making these books so easy. We have an exclusive offer for our listeners so that you can have so much fun doing this. New customers get a free eight by eight photo book with promo code Morbid at shutterfly.com. Enter code at checkout. See promotion details page for more info. Again, that's promo code Morbid for a free eight by eight photo book for new customers@shutterfly.com. Make something that means something with Shutterfly


from the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program transfixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


Hey, weirdos. I'm Ash. I'm Elena. And this is Morbid. That was a rushed intro because we're having a fight. We are. And it's serious. The pod might be, no, I'm just kidding. It's serious. It's serious. So buckle in for the last episode. Here's the, I don't, okay, so the fight is over. The fight. The fight. It's a fight. The the brawl over. We gonna come to blow soon. Whether you can use the word aesthetic as an adjective and you can I say no?


The Oxford dictionary disagrees. I don't give a fuck what the Oxford Dictionary says. I, I never, you I've never You heard it ear first. I don't, that does not sound correct to me. To say like, wow, that's so aesthetic. Like, what? I don't know. I like it. I don't, I don't get it. Because it could be an adjective. It's a it on on the line. It says adjective concerned with beauty or the appreciation of beauty. Yeah. I don't get that. I think Mikey's on my side here. Yeah. 'cause he is old. Yeah. Mikey just reached for that mic. Wow. He said, I'm sorry. What?


What? Wow. They've been attacking me all day. That's, oh my God. People go into specifics. She's rallying the Morbid listeners. Is this real? She's like, guys, they've been attacking me all day. They've been making ash sad all day. Listen. Yes, they have. I cried in the bathroom earlier. That's dirty. That's dirty as, because you know that everyone's gonna be like, bitch forks. I know it's true. Do it guys dumb. Come forth. One. That's, that's irresponsible Usage of your power is what that is. You know what? Irresponsible. That's wielding power. Like a dictator.


You guys, this might be the last episode. Oh my god. I a dog. My dogs. Dogs in all this. That's fake. My dogs are like, bitch, I got the listeners. But you get literal hellhounds. Hell yeah, I do. I don't think, oh, they're pissed. I don't think it's, I don't think it's, I don't think that's fair. We're just angrily drinking water at each other now. I need to. That's a real thing. No, but we're both just going, which is ridiculous because we're both just holding the, I'm holding a Stanley and you're holding a fucking roommate and we're just going like snarling at each other across the microphones. Taking aggressive sips. See, we're sisters.


It's fine. We're kidding. I'm not actually hurt. I never cried in a bathroom. I'm reading this off a script. No, it's true. She was not. She was not. Say, say it again. Say it with more feeling now say it with aesthetic. So fuck that. No, that, that actually doesn't make any sense that, but yeah. What do you guys think? Weigh in. Do you even know what we're fighting about? Do we make a cake? Can you use aesthetic as like, or do I shouldn't say, can you, do you, you use aesthetic in that way as like this is a big, I've seen people argue about this before. Like TikTok. TikTok. I didn't even know this was a thing. I think it's a generational thing. I think you're right. I think I, since I tow the Gen Z millennial line Yeah.


And I don't listen. Gen ZI love you, but I don't always love to, you know, head over that way. I think I'm on that way with this one. You are on that way. I feel like that's definitely more of a Gen Z thing. I think it is. I think they like reworked the the word. Yeah, I'll agree with you there. Yeah. But that, that word has been retooled, I think. Yeah, I think so too. For sure. I like it. And you know what, here's, here's where we come out. You can like it. Thank you. And I can fucking hate you. Raise your roommate. Raise your little roommate. I'll raise my roommate to your family. I can contact clean. You have to drink too. Actually. You really shouldn't. Cheers with water. I think that's bad luck. So mine, maybe the show has, oh, so is it technically water anymore?


You know what's crazy? Usually mine has my little arma in there. But today it doesn't because just Wawa, I just wanted ice water. It's just Wawa. I don't like Wawa. I don't like that you're saying that. I don't like that. I actually hate it so much. I don't really know why you did. I just horrified myself. You you. Oh man. We're taking a little bit of time off, But you won't know. So we're batch recording a lot of things right now. Yeah. So if we sound insane, that's why like, so we're taking time off, but like it's not gonna affect episodes. Yeah. Like your episodes will come out the same time. That's so we have to record like a bunch of stuff in advance and that makes us cuckoo crazy. And that makes us go, go crazy right now.


I'm actually excited question mark to talk about this case. I think this is a really fascinating case. It's, it's obvious. This is obviously if you're here, you know it's The Zodiac case. This is like a obviously in incred obviously. I just keep saying that over and over again. This is a very devastating case. Yeah. But I think it's very interesting and it's wild to me that don't come at me in the comments because it still is unsolved. That it's still unsolved. Yeah. You can sit there and you can tell me that it's solved all you want to. It's still technically unsolved. It's not. It's not solved. It's the same thing as the Jack the Ripper thing. Yeah. No, I feel that way. It's the same. I'm gonna become a zoologist. A zoologist also. Oh, sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt you. Go, go ahead.


Also, I didn't, I can't find the little, I wrote down on a card who sent me this, but a listener, and If you're listening, you're fucking awesome. And I'll make sure to figure out your name and you better be on her side of the aesthetic argument. Yeah. Be on my side. No, a listener sent me, went to London. Oh. And went to the Jack the Ripper like tour and all that and sent us like in the PO box, like sent me a pin that says Rip Ologist on it from the like, like the museum. That's so cool. And I put it on my leather jacket that I did. You put it on all the time. She opened it and goes, I'm putting this on my leather jacket. Yeah. Because you did. I was so excited. I love it. So you rule. Thank you so much. That was such a cool gift. Oh, I loved it.


And I, I wear it now. I wear it all the time. She was very genuinely excited to I was to get that. 'cause I was like, ah, I'm officially a ologist. Yeah, yeah. You have been. Yeah. I feel like it's already beneficial. So let's get into it. So The Zodiac killing started with the Lake Herman Road murders, where 17-year-old David Faraday and his girlfriend, 16-year-old Betty Lou Jensen were killed. Betty Lou, I know Betty Lou, what? Adorable names. 16 and 17 years old. Oh my God. Literal babies. And they were your typical American Teenagers in the fall of 1968. David was one of Vallejo High school star wrestlers. He was a popular student. He was an Eagle Scout, not a cub that year.


He had actually been awarded the Scouts God and Country award, which is like a pretty high honor. Whoa. Similarly, Betty was said to be a popular and responsible student at Hogan High School, where she was in her junior year. So young. Wow. Junior in high school. Yeah. They were both active and after school activities. They both participated a lot in community events. Like they were just like very All American Teenagers. Yeah. In fact, it was one of those community events actually decorate the decorating committee for a winter dance that was being put on by the city that brought the two of them together in mid-December. And within a week of meeting they had fallen for each other hard. Aw. And they started rearranging their schedule so they could spend more time together outside of school.


Just young love. Oh, I love it. Now, Betty's parents had always forbidden her from dating. They really wanted her to focus on school instead. But that December, she did manage to convince them to let her go out with David. And she and David made plans for Friday, December 20th, which was going to be Betty's first ever date. Oh. So this was a big deal. And it's literally less than a week before Christmas. So when the day finally arrived, David picked Betty up from school and they spent a few hours together, just kinda like hanging out before their official date that night. But David dropped her off at home around 6:00 PM and then came back to pick her up a few hours later. A little bit after 8:00 PM Betty invited him inside.


Of course he had to go meet the parents and the four of them chatted briefly for about 20 minutes. And then David and Betty left the house. They told Betty's parents that they were going to the Hogan High Christmas concert and then to a party at a friend's house, and that they'd definitely be back in time to make Betty's 11:00 PM curfew. It turns out they didn't really have any plans of going to the school concert. Oh. They actually went to visit one of Betty's friends and they left that friend's home around 9:00 PM Okay. Then where they went from there is unknown, but some speculated that maybe they visited another friend along the way or stopped at like a fast food restaurant. But whatever the case, by 11:00 PM David Station wagon was seen parked at the entrance to Benca Pumping station on Lake Herman Road, which was a very popular lover's lane area in Vallejo.


Ah. They parked right at the start of a shift change at the pumping station too. So a lot of people remembered seeing the car and saw the two of them inside. Okay. Like many, many witnesses. Yeah. Now around 11:20 PM a local mom, Stella Borges, was driving past the pumping station on her way to pick her setup from a local movie theater. And when she rounded the corner by the entrance to the station, her headlights swept across the lover's lane where she and the other passengers in her car could clearly see two bodies lying on the ground outside of the station wagon. Oh. Stella would later tell police it looked like David had fallen out of the open door. Yeah. Obviously very frightened by what she'd seen.


She sped past the scene in the direction of the nearby downtown Benca where she flagged down the first police cruiser that she could find. And after listening to her story, captain Dan Pitta and his partner called in the report to the station, rushed to the scene and called for an ambulance on the way. Okay. Now, captain Dan Pittas arrival at the scene was followed very quickly by members of the Beca and Vallejo police departments and also deputies from the Solano County Sheriff's Department. It was the latter department who did have jurisdiction over the entire area. That night. Betty was declared dead at the scene, but when paramedics checked on David, he was still breathing. Wow. Wow. He was just barely conscious. Holy shit.


Weirdly, that happens a lot in this case. Really. And I, it's, it doesn't seem to be intentional. It's just a strange thing that happens with a lot of these killings. That's interesting. Yeah. So David was rushed to Vallejo General Hospital, but unfortunately it was too late. He did end up being pronounced dead at the hospital at 12:05 AM Oh. He had been shot once in the head just behind the left ear, and Betty had been shot five times in the back with one of the bullets piercing her heart. Holy shit. Yeah. This was intense. A surgeon analysis of the crime scene really didn't yield much as far as clues, and there were even fewer leads, unfortunately, from what investigators could tell.


The couple had been parked on that lover's lane when a second car arrived and pulled right up behind them, which is just so creepy to me. Yeah. Based on the locations where shell casings were discovered, they theorized that the driver of the second car fired into the station wagon, evidenced by the bullet hole in the back window of the car. That gunshot obviously forced the couple out of the car where David was likely shot in the head while he was still on the ground. Oh. Betty, it seemed, had tried to run away from the shooter, but she only made it. They estimated about 20 feet when the, well the gunman started firing from his position next to the station wagon with five of the six shots hitting Betty in the back.


Jesus, once the killer believed he had executed the two Teenagers, he left the scene without even collecting the bullet casings. Wow. Just calmly left the scene. Holy shit. Yeah. Intense. Now, the crime scene was frustrating and it was frustrating from the moment investigators arrived. Yeah. 'cause it was December, the ground was practically frozen solid. So that made it impossible to identify any kind of tire tracks from the second vehicle. Deputy Sheriff Russell Ock told reporters, I just couldn't say how or what happened. We haven't got that far in the investigation, but there was really nobody, any, anyone could think of as a potential suspect because both victims seemed like really the last people anybody would want dead.


Yeah. It's not like they had all these ties to crime or something, you know? No. And yeah, again, they're 16 and 17 years old. They're Yeah. Involved in their community. Like there's not even people really at school that don't like them. Yeah. They like hung out at like church events. Yeah. Yeah. So days later, investigators had swept the crime scene several times at that point, but had made almost no progress in the case lead investigator led Lee Lundblad said, we gathered all the physical evidence that was available at the scene, cartridge cases, and other items, and these will be tested in the laboratory. Meanwhile, investigators started interviewing, of course, friends and family hoping that one of them could shed light on to who might have wanted David or Betty dead.


Unfortunately, while David and Betty's friends were able to provide a lot of information about their day-to-day lives, nobody had any information about who would've wanted to kill them. Hmm. And even though this had been Betty's first date, in the absence of a clear suspect, detectives started wondering whether the killer was maybe a young man who had been rejected by Betty in the recent past. It's always a possibility. Yeah. I mean, sure. We had really nothing, like they didn't really have anything to go on. So yeah, you gotta start somewhere. And honestly, that is the most, that's the easiest route to go down, you know? Exactly. Investigator Lundblad said we're looking into it, but at this stage we're not overlooking any possibilities whatsoever. So she was like, we're looking into it, but we're looking into everything.


Yeah. Which again, you have to, yeah. Like you can't, you can't discount any possibilities when you have nothing to go on. Exactly. Like you, you gotta start somewhere. You gotta, honestly, at that point you gotta like pull shit outta the air If you can. Yeah. Just start pulling strings now, when interviews with the victim's families turned up, really no useful information. Investigators had to start considering alternative theories, like we were just saying, including the potential that the Teenagers had, quote met their deaths Friday night at the hands of a murderous maniac who was not acquainted with either of his victims. Like theory. Yeah. And this theory was given a little more weight. When Sheriff's deputies received a call from a teenager, William Crow, who reported having a strange experience about an hour and a half before the murders occurred, according to Crow, he'd been parked with a friend in the same act, in the same exact area where David and Betty were discovered.


And he noticed another car parked in a dark area, just a short distance away. He said the driver was watching them. For sure. He said, when I saw his, when I saw his backup lights come on, I gunned our car out of there. Good for him. The driver followed Crow and his friend until they reached downtown Venica, where he turned off and dropped out of sight. But Crow said, as far as I was concerned, that was the end of it until I read Saturday what happened in the same spot where we were. Huh. Imagine that's like knowing that you were in the same spot. I was gonna say, and like knowing that you somehow had an instinct. Yeah. That got you out of there. Like, oof, trust your gut. No. Now, toward the end of December, after exhausting the really small amount of leads that they had anyway, Sheriff's investigators had grown more confident in the murderous maniac quote unquote theory.


LBL said, I think they were ordered out of the car at gunpoint, and when they didn't come out quickly, the killer fired a warning shot through the rear side window of the vehicle. The assailant then shot the boy, and when he fell, the girl started running and was killed as she ran. Oh. Which, so they're so sad. They're pretty much thinking the same thing here. Yeah. Nothing of value had been taken from the vehicle. So robbery was ruled out as a motive. Nobody had been sexually assaulted. So that was ruled out now too. The, but the problem investigators faced was that there was virtually no way of connecting the killer to the victims. And that made solving this case seem very unlikely. Hmm.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. There used to be such a stigma around going to therapy, seeking help, admitting that you know, need, you needed help with a problem. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say that they've actually avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. That bums me out. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This mental health awareness month, let's encourage everybody to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma because the world is better when people are healthy and happy. I personally love going to therapy, but it was a journey for me to get there. I was also worried about judgment. I was also worried about opening up. There are a lot of things to worry about, but once you get there, you just kind of break down those walls and it feels really good to be open and honest with yourself and you will find yourself kind of opening up more in situations outside of therapy. And that just feels really good. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Morbid.


With longer daylight hours, you may be spending more time away from the house and giving burglars more opportunities to strike. Unfortunately, FBI crime data shows break-ins are more likely during daylight hours than under the cloak of night. Protect your home with simis safe's proactive security that helps stop threats before they even happen. I personally have a SimpliSafe and I love everything about it. You know that I love tapping into that app to see those cameras pop up. I love that. But I also have this added on alarm thing that makes it even louder when the alarm sounds. So nobody's gonna miss it with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system when heading out in the morning or when they're locking up each night. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody's broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor production can help you prevent break-ins though before they even happen. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


By the dawn of the new year, the story had unfortunately slipped from the front pages of the local papers and into the back, and by mid-January it really stopped getting coverage altogether. That's crazy. I know. As the end of January approach, those student groups from Vallejo and Hogan High schools established a reward fund and they went door to door around the community to collect donations hoping that the offer of a reward would elicit some kind of help from the community in jump starting the case. Aw. Which they knew was getting colder and colder. Yeah. And they did. They, they got a good reward fund up, but nobody ever attempted to collect it. Well, and you look at it now and you're like, knowing that we are now in 2025 and we don't know who this person is, like that's crazy.


Like it's insane. You, because think about it, back then, they probably never in their wildest dreams could fathom that in 2025. Yeah. We still would not possibly know who this person is. Probably couldn't even fathom the year 2025. Yeah, true. Never mind the fact that they would like that this case would make it this far without getting any kind of so crazy. You know, obviously it's had moments where it's come back up and yeah, people have found out new things of course. But you know, it's really crazy sad. It's so a few months later on March 30th though, the story did pop up again in the Vallejo Times Herald, only to remind readers though of how little progress had been made. Leslie Lundblad told reporters, there isn't a day that goes by that I don't work on it.


I've got a case file about four inches thick. All the information I've been able to turn up and I have a fairly sizable evidence locker. But even with all that information, she did acknowledge that investigators were quote, only a bit nearer to the solution of the crime then they were when they first arrived on the scene that cold Friday night in December. Damn. Yeah. Really sad. Yeah. By that time, everybody had pretty much settled into the belief that David and Betty's killer was completely unknown to the both of them. And the crime was as far as they knew Motiveless, Betty's father, Vern Jensen said, I don't feel vindictive, but I am apprehensive. I feel some nut is on the loose. Which, I mean, yeah, you would feel that way. Yeah.


David's mother, Jean was similarly unnerved by the idea that her son had been killed by a deranged stranger who was still on the loose and all like might kill again. Yeah. I think that would be the scariest part of all for sure. She said, and he'll find it easier next time. We know he's a nut, but what kind of nut, which, I mean, and we're still asking that. Yeah. Truly. And really they weren't wrong and soon they were gonna find out just what kind of person killed their children. So true. It's scary. Ugh. I just feel so bad. Imagine that being, she goes out on her first date, her first date ever, and her parents were like reluctant to even let her go. That must be that I can, an awful feeling. Yeah. My brain just can't even even wrap around that.


Nobody should have to feel that way. No. So by the summer of 1969, David and Betty's murders had faded completely from the newspapers, and life in Vallejo was starting to get back to normal. Then in early July, that feeling of terror and helplessness returned when two more young people were gunned down by an unidentified killer. 22-year-old Darlene Ferrin worked at a local diner And she was well liked by everybody who knew her. Yeah. It seemed to everybody that she and her husband Dean had a pretty good life. They were living together, raising their infant daughter in a pretty nice neighborhood. Even though she was married, Darlene was known to date other men on occasion. And that summer she had been seeing 19-year-old Mike.


I think it's Mjo who she'd met at the diner. Okay. So on the afternoon of July 4th, Mike and Darlene made plans to see each other later that evening, first Darlene was gonna go to a 4th of July party with her sister, and then she'd go see Mike after. Okay. It was around 11:30 PM when she finally arrived to pick Mike up. So they decided to go out to a late dinner together. A short time later, Darlene pulled off the road into the parking lot of Blue Rock Springs, which is just a local park, and turned the engine off. A few minutes earlier, she actually had mentioned to Mike that there was something she wanted to talk to him about, but before she could actually get out what she wanted to say, their conversation was interrupted because a carload of Teenagers pulled into lot and were just like throwing firecrackers everywhere.


Teenagers being Teenagers. But so they couldn't talk really. 'cause every time she went to say something, there would be a loud blast. It was interrupted. So they resumed their conversation a few minutes later after the group of Teenagers had left, but then they were interrupted again this time by another car that had pulled into the lot. By this time, the entire parking lot was empty. But this driver who was alone in his car, pulled about eight feet behind Darlene's car, turned off his headlights and sat motionless in his car for a minute or two, started his car again and drove out of the lot. Huh. Creepy. I would hate that. Creepy. Yeah.


Obviously that was a strange situation. So Mike asked Darlene if she knew the driver of that vehicle. It sounds like she was getting pretty annoyed at this point. 'cause she was clearly trying to have like an important discussion. Yeah. And she kept getting interrupted. So she just said, oh, nevermind. And Mike didn't know what to make of Darlene's, confusing response, but he knew that she seemed irritated or overwhelmed. So he decided not to push for an explanation or the distraction behind them. They got to talking again, but it wasn't long before, again, they were interrupted. About five minutes after leaving the parking lot, that second car, the one who had pulled behind them, returned this time parking a little bit farther away from Darlene's car, about 10 feet behind on the passenger side with the headlights still on this time, the driver got out of the vehicle and walked toward the passenger side of Darlene's car.


It was especially dark in the lot that night. And Mike couldn't really make out any details of the driver of the other car. Only that he appeared to be carrying a large flashlight like a police officer's flashlight. Interesting. So he figured he, they were getting hassled by the police for some reason. Yeah, of course. Like maybe they couldn't park there or something. Yeah, that would be the first thing I would think. Yeah. So he reached into his pocket for his wallet and was looking for his driver's license. But when the man reached Mike's window and shined the light in, he didn't ask for id, he just started firing into the car with a semi-automatic handgun shooting Mike in the back, neck and mouth. Everybody knows this case, but I fear that, and I can count myself among these people.


I fear that we don't truly, A lot of people don't truly recognize like how brutal Yeah. And intense it's, yeah. Because I think it's like, it gets painted a lot of times with a very broad brush of like a lover's lane killer. Yeah. And people know the cyphers and the more you know the ciphers and all like, which very interesting. Yeah. The more salacious parts of the story. Yeah. That's, I'm not taking away that. That's interesting. I'm saying me personally, I've never, this is one case I never looked super far into. Yeah. And like hearing details like this, that it was like a high powered weapon being just shot into a car at peak.


At point, at point blank range. Pretty much. It's like at point blank range. Like I don't, I didn't fully appreciate how gnarly. No, neither did I. Like that is horrifying. Reading about this. Your jaw just like Yeah. Is open the entire time. Yeah. And I'm shook, just wait. So convinced that Mike was dead. The shooter turned the gun toward Darlene, who sat in the driver's seat, obviously paralyzed with fear at this point. Yeah. And she was shot several times, hitting her in the arm, shoulder, chest and back. As the killer was walking back to his vehicle, Mike yelled out in pain, 'cause he's still alive, causing the shooter to return to the vehicle where he shot each of them two more times.


Holy shit. Now convinced that he killed the couple in the car. The man returned to his vehicle and sped out of the parking lot. But as the shooter pulled out of the lot, Mike still alive, managed to get the passenger passenger door open and fell onto the pavement. He had been shot multiple times at this point, but somehow he was still able to get a good look at this person's car and described it later as a similar to Darlene's Brown Corver, although perhaps a lighter shade of brown. And he also was able to get a look at the license plate. He didn't get numbers, but he recognized it as an older style that was no longer used by the state.


Holy shit. To have the wherewithal after being shot that many times at that close range is unthinkable. I, it really is. Like that's a, it really is. That's miraculous. Yeah. I, I can, and I can't believe it's happened twice that somebody was at least left surviving for any period of time. And it happens again. That's weird. It is weird. It's, it, it's, and it's just weird. It's not intentional killer. No, you can, you can tell It's not like is he's leaving these scenes very much thinking that he's killed. I mean, and he's done, he's done a lot to make sure he has killed everybody. So it's even more miraculous that people are even like when Mike yelled out, he went back to the scene. Yeah. To make sure, and not only shot Mike again, but shot Darlene again as well.


Jesus. So Mike laid there on the ground for about 10 minutes until he was finally discovered by three Teenagers who luckily pulled into the law. Wow. Yeah. They checked on, were following up like fucking Teenagers with like goodness fors, Teenagers. We we're following up with Teenagers. Let's go. Yes. Teenagers. So he was bleeding badly. So they left to get him help. And not long after Vallejo police arrived in the parking lot where they found Mike still lying on the ground beside the car. He was in bad shape. But he still took the time to provide officers with the details of everything that had happened, including his basic description of the shooter's car. Wow. Darlene. That's unbelievable. It is.


Darlene, on the other hand, was barely breathing and couldn't speak. Aw. Both victims were rushed to the hospital where Mike was immediately rushed into emergency surgery and he was placed in the ICU. But unfortunately, Darlene died before they reached the hospital. Ugh. That's so sad. So it's awful. And she's a young mom. She was a 22-year-old mother. Oh yeah. At 12:40 AM As investigators were still processing the scene at Blue Rock Springs, a startling call came into the Vallejo Police Department. The caller said, I want to report a double murder. If you will go one mile east on Columbus Parkway to the public park, you'll find the kids in a brown car. They were shot with a nine millimeter lugger. I also killed those kids last year.


Goodbye. Wow. Can you imagine being on the other end of that motherfucking phone call that is so cold. Goodbye. Goodbye. And they said, I also killed those kids. Bye. They said that it was like cold, just fully chilling. Freaky. I hate that. So investigators quickly determined that the call had been placed from a gas station payphone a little less than a mile from the crime scene, which had closed several hours earlier. And of course, by the time they arrived, the caller had gone. But what was clear from the caller's tone was that it wasn't a confession made out of guilt or some sense of moral responsibility, anything like that. It was very much intended to mock investigators. Yeah.


Like absolutely. I did it again. Try to catch me. Yeah. Like, ha ha. Like the attack on David Faraday and Betty Jensen, the Blue Rock Springs crime scene didn't turn up much as far as clues or leads. Despite having had the flashlight shine in his face. When the killer approached, Mike did feel confident that he would be able to identify the shooter if he saw him again. Which is crazy. That's, that's a, like, he's honestly shocking. He is. As a human being. He's, I can't believe that's, yeah. He described to the man as young, short and heavyset and driving a brown car. Wow. At the time, this was the best description that he could provide. And even that was a struggle because one of the slugs had entered his neck, which injured his tongue and fractured his jaw.


Oh my God. So he's providing all of this information. You have to remember while dealing with those kind of injuries. Oh my God. I don't know how you concentrate on anything but the horrific pain that you are probably in. Yeah. And the trauma. Yeah. Of what you've gone through. Like that's incredible. Absolutely. It's crazy. Another important witness was George Bryant, who was the son of a local golf course owner, about 800 feet away from the parking lot when the two were shot. According to George, he had been looking out his bedroom window a little after 11:30 PM that night, and he couldn't see into the parking lot, but he could hear everything very well. He told investigators, he initially heard a group of young people laughing, followed by the sound of firecrackers, that group of Teenagers.


And around midnight, George said he heard what he thought was the sound of a single gunshot, a short pause, another series of shots fired in rapid succession. Damn. I can't imagine hearing that. Yeah. And he said, once the shots finally stopped, he heard the sound of a car start and pull out of the parking lot in a press conference the next day, representatives of the Vallejo Police Department didn't, and really couldn't do much to calm the public spheres over now four shootings. Yeah. Having occurred in a span of about seven months. Wow. Yeah. One officer put it really simply saying, we've got a crazy man on the loose. Yeah. Which, yeah. Yeah. I get why you said it, period. They hadn't really identified any specific motive for the shootings, but it was clear that the suspect had set out, intending to kill people of the setting, semi-automatic hand weapon used in the killings.


The officer said it's an offensive weapon made to kill people. It packs more power than a 45. Holy shit. Yeah. When asked by the shooter would've left the scene without being certain that the two were dead, the officer replied, I think he left because he emptied his gun. Wow. Which turns out that's chilling. That hunch was a good one. Technicians at the scene ended up finding the exact number of cases you would find in a loaded nine millimeter pistol leading investigators to theorize that. Yes. The killer had only stopped because he hadn't brought additional ammunition. That is terrifying. Yeah. That he would've kept going probably, and that he just totally unloaded his gun. So imagine being Mike and hearing that like that you only are here because of your own, like, you know, insane.


Like, like strength. Strength. Yeah. Yeah. And like, but you know, perseverance, but like also just a miracle. Some wild thing that like there was nothing left. Yeah. But if there was, he would've, he would've kept going. He would've kept, it's like that must, I don't know what that feeling would be, but it must be wild under the circumstances. Darlene's husband Dean was the most logical suspect in this case. But he had an alibi at the time of the shootings. He was working a shift at the Tennessee Street Restaurant, and his presence was verified by every single one of his coworkers. Okay. Otherwise, there was no other suspects or really any evidence that would've pointed investigators in the direction of the killer.


Damn. And given the phone call made shortly after the shooting, detectives had pretty good reason to suspect that the shooter in this case was the same person who killed David and Betty the previous December. Yeah. This wasn't an A one-off, you know? Yeah. They weren't like, maybe this is a different situation. No. So those suspicions were strengthened a few weeks later when the San Francisco area newspapers all received similar letters from somebody claiming to be the killer. The first letter sent to the San Francisco Chronicle was written in crude block printing and read, dear editor, this is the murder of the two Teenagers last Christmas at Lake Herman, plus the girl on the 4th of July near the golf course in Vallejo. To prove I killed them, I shall state some facts, which only I plus the police know Christmas one brand name of ammo.


Super X two 10 shots were fired. Three, the boy was on his back with his feet to the car. Four, the girl was on her right side feet to the west. Fourth July, one girl was wearing pattern slacked two, the boy was also shot in the knee. Three brand name of ammo was Western over, indicating to them to flip the sheet of paper over here is part of a cipher. The other two parts of the cipher are being mailed to the editors of the Vallejo Times plus SF Examiner. And I kind of tried to pause where he breaks. Yeah. Because it's so, you could see like where it's written very interestingly, like it's a new line when you don't necessarily need a new line.


It's interesting. Yeah. The That's very unsettling. It's very unsettling. There's a lot to be made of the way that The Zodiac communicates. Yeah. In time, the letters to the news outlets would become a hallmark. Like we know of The Zodiac Killer and the press would eventually dub him The Zodiac Killer. But when they got these initial letters, everybody was incredibly confused and really they could have just been easily dismissed as the confession of a mentally ill person who maybe hadn't committed these crimes. Yeah. I mean, that happens all the time. So, yeah. So nobody was taking them too, too seriously at first, but very, very detailed. Very detailed. Yeah. And we'll get there. For one thing though, the grammar and punctuation were noticeably inconsistent with some statements ending in a period and others having no punctuation at all.


Okay. And each letter had a solid number of misspelled words. Like for example, he spells Christmas, C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S-S. Oh, okay. Two letters and that kind of thing. That's really the only one I can point to in that letter. He spelled patterned wrong. I think there's a few things that are spelled wrong. Yeah. But people got the feeling that maybe these mistakes were also intentional. Like he's trying to look a little because off. Yeah. Because it's like, especially the added S in Christmas, it almost feels like it's like, yeah, I'll just put this in. Yeah. Who knows? But


There's sweaters, there's candles, there's that dreaded bathrobe that you're always gifting your mom. Mother's Day gifts can get a little bit predictable. And I hate to say it, but kind of boring, you know, it's not boring Aura frames. They were named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter. They are guaranteed to mix things up. This year, aura frames come with unlimited storage, so you can share as many photos as you want to from your phone to Bombs Aura frame. Not only will she be grateful that it's not another sweater or a bathrobe, she'll also love that an aura frame means she gets to see more of you. Also, it's super duper easy to set up. It takes about two minutes to set up a frame using the Aura app. And if it's not something that you wanna get your mom for Mother's Day, it's also the perfect gift for any occasion. Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling Carver map frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code Morbid. Support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply.


You know us, we live for a gripping story that makes you lean in like, wait, what just happened? That shocking twist, that unexpected turn. And we especially love when they're shown in a clever way from a perspective that you don't typically see. And that is exactly why we love Brit Box. Brit Box lets you stream the best of British tv, and it is one of our many, many obsessions. Not only do they have some unbelievably good crime series, but they also have a huge selection of mysteries, comedies, thrillers, and even more that have been really shaking up our watch list. A lot of gems to chat about at dinner parties. And of course, we all love the murder mysteries set in those quaint little thatched roof villages. We could watch those for hours. So try Brit box and see it differently. When you stream the best of British tv, start watching with a free trial@britbox.com.


Now accompanying each letter was a cipher. Each of the three ciphers were hand-drawn and were unique, but they all went together. So in order to solve one, you needed access to all three. But they were all sent to separate newspapers. There was also an ominous warning in each letter that read pretty much as an ultimatum to the editors of the papers published the, the ciphers by the next afternoon, or the killer threatened to quote, go on a killing rampage. Holy shit. And he said he would kill a dozen or more people as indicated in the letters. The killer definitely, like you caught onto, did know information about the murders. Yeah. That hadn't been disclosed by investigators and including the brand of ammunition used in the shootings.


Yep. So detectives did have every reason to believe that the letters were genuine, but still, only the Chronicle complied with the killer's demand and published the cipher the next day. Oh shit. The examiner ran a story the day after receiving the letter, but didn't publish the cipher itself. And the Times Harold published their cipher a few days later and didn't put it on the front page like the killer wanted. Oh. Despite not fully complying with his demands. There luckily was no mass shooting. Wow. Yeah. Surprising. Yeah, it is. So in hopes of drawing the killer out of hiding, or at least maybe getting some additional information, Vallejo Police Chief Jack Stilts told reporters he was not convinced the letter was written by the actual killer.


If it was, he would like the letter to supply more facts to prove it. Wow. He's just necking him. Yeah. In response, the San Francisco Examiner received a second letter on August 4th that read. Dear editor, this is The Zodiac speaking. I answer to your asking for more details about the good times I have had in Vallejo. I shall be very happy to supply even more material. By the way, are the police having a good time with the code? If not, tell them to cheer up when they do crack it, they will have me on the 4th of July. I did not open the car door. The window was rolled down already and he wrote already like, are you all ready? Oh, okay. Instead of it already happened. Yeah. Like a LL.


Yeah. The boy was originally sitting in the front seat when I began firing. When I fired the first shot at his head. He leaped backwards at the same time, thus spoiling my aim. He ended up on his, on the backseat, then the floor thrashing about violently with his legs. That's how I shot him in the knee. I did not leave the scene spelled CENE of the killing with squealing tires plus racing engine as described in the Vallejo paper. I drove away slowly so as not to draw any attention to my car. And that was it. I, that's like, so like I wasn't freaked out and like skitting away. Yeah. I was actually going slow. But thanks though. Like that's very like somebody who's very insecure with their own Yes.


Situation and is trying to be like, I'm actually a tough guy and I wasn't scared at all. It definitely comes off as a very insecure person. You're not a tough guy and like an attention grabber. Somebody who's like, yes, I want you to know all the facts. Yeah. And like, I want you to know how I set out to do this. Yeah. Like, I am fixing my, this story. It's, it's very BT Kish to me. Yes. Where it's like where he was and which tells you exactly what kind of person this person is or was. Yep. Because it's like, he has to be like, well, wait a minute, you have it wrong. This is why I didn't this and this is what happened and this is how I did that. This is, I did it. Like, you can't say these things. And it's like, there's a, there's a story here and it's like, babe, you killed people.


So I think that's really the most important thing here. Nobody's worried about how you, If you like, skid it out of the place, or If you slowly drove like it, that really makes no difference to any of us. It's not the biggest part of this. That one is just like, I, like you said, like I wasn't scared. Yeah. It's very much like brave, a personal thing. I was be brave. I was being brave. I drove up slowly. Okay. Yeah. After I murdered two Teenagers, but Okay. Two like people who are unarmed. Yeah. Yeah. While I'm armed business like Yeah. Tough guy. No, the letter had no signature. Just a simple symbol in the shape of a cross hairs, which will become very familiar. Yep. The publication of the letter so soon after the killings did emphasize to the public that there definitely was something to fear in their community.


Yeah. And an interview with the examiner police Chief Jack Stilts encouraged all residents to quote, stay out of lonely areas. A warning reiterated by Captain Wade Bird who said, we could be looking for a very dangerous man. Yeah. I can't imagine being a teenager or like, we will come to find out being anybody at this point in time, just being a human. Yeah. Just it's so, it must have been so scary. Yeah. It's very much like, like the David Berkowitz like Yes. Kind of situation where it's like you just don't know when they're gonna hit next. Yeah. You know, it's so true. It's really scary and whatever. I do read about this case, I always think of that movie, the Town that Dreaded Sudden Down.


Oh my God. Yes. So that is a scary movie. That's a terrifying movie. And it's really so similar. Yeah. To the facts of this case. Like obviously it's Oh, for sure's, you know, dramatized. But yeah, of course. Ized, dramaticized, dramatic ized, dramaticized ized, drama. Dramatized, dramatized. We don't know Mikey. Right. In is the word dramatized or dramatized? Dramatized. Dramatized. Yeah. That's what I Doesn't ized also sound right though. I don't think why it sounds right. I don't think it is, but I I see why. Yeah. Yeah. Traumatized. So, because that one's the the Texarkana Moonlight Murders Yeah.


Of 1946, which I think you covered at a live show once. Yeah. I think we, yeah, you're right. Actually like our first, one of our first live shows. A very early live show, I think. But yeah, it's a similar, it's got similar vibe to it. Yeah. Where it's one of those things too, where it's like they're telling people not to like, to be careful. Don't, don't go to Love's Lanes. Yeah. And they just like, you don't know when they're gonna hit. Yeah. It's really scary. Yeah. It's got, oh, I hate that. Yeah. So much. It's got all the makings of this. Yeah. So while spokespeople for law enforcement did their very best to keep the public calm, investigators were working behind the scenes to crack the cipher that had been received by the three news outlets. Stilts enlisted the help of the cryptographic unit of the US Navy radio station on nearby Scaggs Island.


They were a group who had a lot of experience with encrypted messages and very complex c ciphers. But before the Navy had made any progress on the Cipher, investigators received a call from a couple in Salinas who had seen the puzzle in the paper and managed to crack the code themselves. Oh, I remember this part of it. Yeah. That's like, that blew my mind. That's awesome. Yeah. And the few days since the cipher was published, high school teacher, Donald Harden and his wife Betty, spent several hours just focused on the code before they were able to decipher the symbol spelling kill. From there, it was just a matter of identifying the remaining symbols. And after about 20 hours, they decoded the entire message. My God.


There were some hiccups. Of course, Donald told a reporter, as you can tell, his spelling is rather poor. And in some places he had made errors in the use of his own cipher, which he did. I love how like they, they're roasting this person. They're just like, as you can see, he's a fucking idiot. He's an idiot. You gotta love, it's like us when we call people what lettuce You So the message with errors intact red, this is so fucked. And it's all in capital letters, which freaks me the fuck out. Ew. I like killing people because it is so much fun. It is more fun than killing wild game in the forest because man is the most, it's hunger to, so people don't know if it was meant to say hungry or dangerous, maybe. Yeah.


Nobody really knows. But the most hunger to animal of all to kill something gives me the most thrilling experience. It is even better than getting your rocks off with a girl. I feel like you haven't The best part of it, i a th So like I-A-T-H-A-E, but he was very clearly trained. Right. The best part of it is that, yeah, when I die, I will be reborn in paradise spelled P-A-R-A-D-I-C-E. And all the I have killed will become my slaves. I will not give you my name because you will t truce try to SLOI slow down or stop my collecting of slaves for my afterlife.


And then it was signed EBO riot, M mf hip tea. What the fuck? Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah. That is unhinged. Unhinged for sure. Unhinged as fuck. Holy shit. Neither Donald or his wife were able to decipher those last four words that I very clearly struggled through, but they suspected that it was a signature of some kind. When you say it out loud, it sounds like some kind of Latin. So I don't know if he's like ging it in his own way as Latin. Yeah. I'm not sure. Maybe we'll get, we'll get there someday. Who knows? We'll get there someday.


So the next day, a second decryption arrived in the mail this time from an anonymous source, despite some discrepancies in the two solutions, they were more or less the same. Several months later when he was asked for comments on what he thought the cipher revealed about the killer, Donald Harden said he's bright enough, but not necessarily of high intellect. Interesting. Which I can agree with. 'cause I mean, you're, there's gotta be some level of intelligence to create a cipher. Yeah, absolutely. To begin with. It's not an easy thing to do, especially one that will stump as many people as this one did. Yep. But it is strange that it's like, that's why it feels like these spelling mistakes and shit are like, I think they're intentional. Absolutely. Yeah.


But Harden suspected the killer actually had no experience with cryptography, and that he had either made up the cipher on his own, which is impressive. Yeah. Or had pulled it from some obscure detective story that he read somewhere. Mm. He said there's no continuity, no fidelity in his code. There are no special characters in these cryptograms. They're all just something he dreamed up. Interesting. Yeah. Even scarier. Yep. So in the next eight weeks passed pretty quietly in and around Vallejo in San Francisco. Not even the publication of the Decrypted message prompted another letter from the killer. He was probably pissed. Yeah. Then in late September, the silence was broken when yet another young couple was attacked. This time at late at Lake Barza, about an hour outside of Vallejo, 22-year-old Cecilia Shepherd and 20-year-old Brian Hartnell, two students at Pacific Union College had met in 1968, quickly fallen in love and started spending all their free time together.


By the fall of 1969, though their relationship had cooled off a bit, and eventually they drifted apart with their breakup becoming final. When Cecilia decided to transfer to uc, LA Riverside, the breakup was pretty amicable. But Cecilia ran into a problem. She still had some things in her dorm up at Pacific Union. So in the afternoon of September 27th, she decided to make the trip to campus to grab the last of her things. Okay. After grabbing what she needed from her dorm, she stopped in the cafeteria for some lunch and wouldn't you know it, she ran into Brian. Of course. They ate together. They caught up. But when they finished lunch, they didn't wanna go their separate ways just yet. Aw. So the two of them, along with a friend, Judy, decided to go to a rummage sale in nearby St.


Helena. After leaving the rummage sale around two that day, Brian and Cecilia dropped Judy back at campus, but still weren't done hanging out yet. Oh. And decided to visit Lake Barness. They weren't done. I know a location that Brian had really always loved. Oh. So after parking the car, they started walking the short distance to the shoreline where Brian laid out a blanket on the grass for the two of them, and they just sat there chatting. Oh. Now a short time passed when Brian started hearing something large, moving around in the bushes, about 15 or 20 feet behind them. He was laying on his back and wasn't wearing his glasses. So he knew he wasn't gonna be able to see what was happening. And he asked Cecilia, who was laying on her stomach facing him, he said, what was making the noise?


She looked off in the distance And she saw a man standing at the tree line and then saw him disappear. Oh, I hate that. Yeah. I hate that. It sounds like something out of a movie. It really does. Brian just chuckled to himself and was like, he's probably went into the woods to relieve himself and was like embarrassed. Yeah. That you saw him. But Cecilia was like, no, I feel like he was watching us. And she couldn't shake that feeling. Yeah. That would freak me the fuck out. Literally, moments, moments after that man disappeared behind the tree, he reappeared this time much closer to the couple than either of them had expected, and Cecilia then shouted, oh my God, he's got a gun. Holy shit.


And the the worst part is that, you know, they have seen all the stories. Yeah, I know. They know. Like you, they've seen the, like, think about seeing all these stories, hearing the horrible things, feeling the fear. Yeah. And then you find yourself face to face with this person. And again, they're not like, this is the middle of the day. They're not thinking Yeah. They're not doing something risky. And they're at a park. They're not at a quote unquote lonely place. Exactly. You know? Exactly. That's the thing. Like, you're not even, like, you've watched, you've seen the, the articles, you've the coverage, you're doing everything Right. Quote unquote. And you've thought that fear and you've sat there and said, oh my God, I like, what if that was me? You talked about it. All the things that we do sit here and be like, oh my God, I can't imagine, blah, blah, blah.


That would be so scary. And then you find yourself in that position in the middle of it. Yep. Like it just, I, that stuff always freaks me out. It's so scary. After the attack, Brian would describe for the police the incredibly surreal and confusing moments leading up to the attack in the time between ducking behind the tree and reappearing in front of them. The man dawned what appeared to be a heavy canvas, executioner's hood that covered his entire head and came all the way down to his stomach. That's so fucking scary. Oh, just wait. It gets crazier. The top of the hood seemed to be flat with four corners, like a paper bag. It clearly looked like it had been made by somebody who didn't really know how to sew.


Embroidered on the front chest area was a concentric cross and circle about three inches in diameter that looked like cross hairs, and possibly the strangest part of the attire. The eye holes of the hood were covered with what Brian thought were clip-on sunglasses. What the fuck? I don't know why, and tell me if I'm crazy, but for some reason the scariest part of that is the sunglasses. I, that's so weird. Like, it's just so unsettling because I mean, the scariest part is thes wearing an execution or so, but because why clip on sunglasses, so you can't see his eyes. But like why that you could have chosen any other way to do that.


I know. Like you could have put like a darker fabric that you could like still gauzy than could see through, and that would've been less like that's for some reason that is just beyond, and it just, it feels unhinged. It 100% does. Like, it feels like a scary ass move to make. Yeah, absolutely. As, as Cecilia had said, the man did have a gun in his hand, but he didn't appear to be advancing on them with menacing energy per se. The man told Cecilia and Brian that he was an escaped convict from Dear Lodge prison in Montana, and that he was on his way fleeing to Mexico. He said he had no intention of hurting them. He just wanted their money and the keys to Brian's car so that he could leave the country.


So they were like, okay. Like cool man. Obviously sensing that they're in danger here though. Brian spoke calmly to the man wearing the hood and tried to engage him in conversation. He even offered to write him a check. He was like, I only have 75 cents on me, but I'll write you a check. Yeah. The man just ignored what Brian was saying, and instead told him he was gonna have to tie the two of them up. Oh, I hate that. Yeah. I hate it because why would he have to tie you guys? Why do have up if he's taking your car? Yeah. That's when you know shit is gonna ride. Yep. So the gunman pulled a length of plastic clothesline from his back pocket and tossed it to Cecilia, telling her that she needed to tie Brian's hands behind his back. She did as she was told, but she didn't wanna hurt Brian, so she tied the knots loosely.


When she finished, the man tied Cecilia's hands behind her back using very tight knots. Oh yeah. I figure. And then retied Brian's hands with similarly tight bindings. Once their hands were bound, the gunman told Brian to lie on his stomach so that he could tie his feet. Oh. But Brian protested at this point. He said, we might not be found here for hours and we could get hypothermia like, yeah, we're we're tied up. Just, yeah, like, just go take the car. Go ahead. Take what you want. Irritated the man placed the barrel of the gun to Brian's head and shouted, I told you to get down.


Life doesn't happen by weekly. So why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with earnIn. earnIn is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $150 per day with a max of $750 between paydays. Just download the earnIn app and verify your paycheck, then access up to $150 a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. I think earnIn is So good for so many different things because as we all know, emergencies and crappy things like, you know, an unexpected trip to the vet or you having to replace a tire always happen when you have like no money, But you won't find yourself in that position. If you got earnIn, download earnIn today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earnIn app type in Morbid under podcast, when you sign up, it will really help the show. Morbid Under podcast. earnIn is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash outs are based on your available earnings, standard. Cash outs take one to two business days with no mandatory fees option to expedite your transfer for a free. Tips are voluntary and don't affect the service. See the cash out user agreement for details. Service not available in all states.


The dramatic tone was obviously horrifying, so Brian just did what the guy said. Ugh. Nellie was hogtied on the ground and the man turned his attention to Cecilia binding her ankles in the same way as the man was tying Cecilia's bindings. Brian noticed that as he was doing it, the guy's hands were shaking. Interesting. So he asked him, are you nervous? Oh, and the gunman replied. Yes, I guess so. Oh yeah. That's very like, I'm, I'm so impressed that Brian had the wherewithal to ask that question. I think he was trying to appeal to this guy, humanity anyway, trying to Yeah.


Show him these humans, you don't have to do this if you're to have a conversation where people Yeah. Like, wow. So in his mind, he interpreted the guy's hands shaking to mean that maybe he wasn't as dangerous as he appeared, and maybe he wasn't gonna harm them. But unfortunately the Gunman's nervousness was probably less of a sign of inexperience as it was excitement. Yeah. He may have been shaking because it was so excited. Yeah. Which is horrifying. Especially judging from that cipher like the, the way he was talking seems like this is, he said he gets so excited. That's even better than, yeah. So sex. Yeah. So accounts about what happened next have varied depending on when the story was told.


According to the park ranger who discovered Brian and Cecilia a short time after the attack, Brian initially said that the man produced a knife from a holster and said, I'm gonna have to stab you. Yeah. At hearing this, Brian reportedly told the man stab me first. I'm chicken. I couldn't stand to see her stabbed first. Oh my God. Which like, that's a fucking gentleman that just shattered my heart. I know. Sometime later though, Brian told detectives he couldn't remember whether he saw the man produce the knife, or if he heard him say anything, and that it was equally possible that he said nothing before he plunged the knife into Brian's back. Oh. Whatever the case. He then stabbed Brian in the back eight times.


Oh my God. And Brian pretended to be dead again. Wow. And then when Brian, you know, as Brian was pretending to be dead, the man turned his attention to Cecilia and started brutally attacking her. He stabbed her more than 10 times in the back, abdomen and groin, all while she was fighting back. Oh my God. Confident that he'd be leaving both victims for dead. He stood up and calmly walked away, leaving Brian's wallet and the car keys laying right on the ground beside the couple. 'cause he had no intention. He had no intention of taking that car. Holy shit. Once he was sure that the man had gone, Brian called out to Cecilia, and despite the brutality of the attack, they both started discussing how they could get their bindings off and go for help.


She's still alive. They were both alive. They're both still alive. Holy shit. So using his teeth, Brian was able to loosen Cecilia's bindings enough to free one of her hands. But the clothed line had been tied so tightly and for so long at this point that both of her arms had gone numb. Oh my God. And she wasn't unable to tie his hands or her own ankles desperate to find help, though. They just started screaming in the hopes that one of the boats on the reservoir nearby might hear them and investigate the sound. Oh my God. It took some time. But about 15 minutes later, which imagine 15 minutes must have felt like 15 days. Yeah. Easily. 15 years. A local fisherman, Richard Fung, heard the cries for help and he went to get a park ranger.


In the meantime, Cecilia actually luckily, had regained the use of one of her arms And she managed to free Brian's hands, which let him unie all the remaining bindings. Oh shit. Believing that no help was coming. 'cause they can't hear anything coming back. Yeah. And then Brian decided he needed to get to the main road and flag down a passing car. He's been stabbed in the back eight times. I was just gonna say, like Jesus, luckily he only had to make it about 225 yards, but even still. Yeah. That is incredibly impressive. When he was spotted by Ranger Dennis Land, who had heard the broadcast about Fong's report and started making his way to the scene at the, that same time Fong and Park Ranger William White had gone back to the shoreline by boat, along with another couple who had also heard the noise.


So a ton of people are arriving on scene. Damn. By the time everybody reached Cecilia, it was clear that her injuries were a lot more serious than Brian's. Oh God. 'cause she's been stabbed in the abdomen too. Yeah. Like the groin. The groin and a few more times. And they're more serious than Brian's, but his injuries are still really bad too. Yeah. Like that. So that's saying a lot. Yeah. That hers were so bad. Ranger White would later say, I've seen a lot of things people cut by boat blades and such, but never anything like these two nice kids just cut to pieces. Oh my God. So white immediately called an ambulance and the group started tending to Cecilia the best they could while they waited for help to arrive. But unfortunately, the lake was in a remote area pretty far from any main road.


So it took the ambulance and additional law enforcement almost 45 minutes to arrive. Holy shit. Yeah. The mts, when they got there, loaded both victims into the ambulance and wasted no time getting to the hospital. But by the time they reached their destination, almost two and a half hours had gone by since the attack. And though Brian was still conscious, Cecilia had fallen into a coma. Oh no. At 7:40 PM a little over an hour after Brian and Cecilia were attacked at Lake Berryessa, a call came into the Napa Police Department for an anonymous call from an anonymous caller who said, I'd like to report a murder. No, a double murder. They are two miles north of Park headquarters.


They're in a white Volkswagen. Carmen Gia just told them the fuck, assuming the caller was some simply reporting a crime they witnessed. Officer David Slate asked the caller for their name and location, but the man on the end ignored him and just kept talking, saying quietly, I'm the one that did it. And then just hung up. Holy shit. Yeah. The officer on the other end said, he literally heard the phone being nestled back on the cradle. What a nasty fucker. Yeah. Later, officer Slate, who took the call would describe the voice as possibly in his early twenties in the background. He said he could hear the noise of traffic and background chatter just before the caller had hung up.


When they traced the call to its origin, investigators discovered it had been placed from a payphone in downtown Napa. In total 35 latent prints were lifted from the payphone. Wow. Including one promising palm print. And some of the prints were actually so fresh that they still showed beads of moisture, which is crazy. But unfortunately they didn't do much in identifying their killer back at the crime scene. Investigators were having little luck finding any leads after Brian and Cecilia were removed from the scene, a well-meaning park ranger moved their belongings and the bindings back to the park headquarters, which effectively compromised any evidence that could have been collected.


They just Oh, that's unfortunate. They were. Yeah. You didn't know back then. You know, it's not like they were trying to fuck everything up. No, they were trying to help. There was, however, one strange and intriguing clue left at the scene on the passenger side door of Brian's car, written in felt tip pen. The gunman wrote the following message, Vallejo 12 20 68 7 4 69. September 27, 69, 6 30 by knife, what the fuck speeds laying out the first murders, the first set of murders, the second set of murders, and now the third set of murders with a timestamp in how he killed them by knife.


I hate that. Yeah. Or how he thought he killed them. Holy shit. Above the message, the killer drew the now familiar si symbol of the crosshairs. Within a few days, the message would be made public in the area papers, but smart investigators withheld the final line by knife, knowing that they could use that information to later verify the identity of their killer. Good call. Yeah. They were like, he's definitely gonna contact us again. Yeah. So let's keep that. Despite a solid amount of critical evidence having been compromised, there were still other clues at the scene that helped reconstruct what happened. The day after the attacks, investigators discovered a clear set of footprints leading from the scene back to where Brian's car was, which it was parked on Knoxville Road.


And they also discovered a set of clear tire impressions leading from where the gunman had parked right behind Brian's car out to the main road. And luckily, the tire impressions revealed a unique detail that the two front tires on the man's car didn't match, which would be invaluable should they ever find the car. Yeah. So that's good. Now, that same day investigators discovered the tracks, detectives got a call from the dean of Pacific Union College who reported that three students had come, had come forward with some information that might be of help. According to the three young women, they were also at the lake that day. They had gone to Sunbathe and they were settled on a spot near the Western shore, which is where Brian and Cecilia had been attacked.


As they were getting outta their car. They said they all noticed a man quote in a light blue Chevrolet with California license plates. And he was parked nearby. They thought really nothing of it at at the time, but an hour, half hour later, all of them saw the man from the parking lot standing about 50 feet away. And he was clearly watching them. Yeah. However, whenever they would look in his direction, he'd look away. Just fucking creepy. I hate that. He's such a fucking creep. He's creepy. That's the thing. A short time later, the man passed by the group as he walked back toward the cars. And when each witness was interviewed separately, they all described the man in pretty much the same way, approximately 30 years old, six feet tall, 200 to 225 pounds, stocky with dark hair parted on the left side wearing dark pants and a short sleeve sweater.


And they all agreed he was nice looking. Okay. Which is even scarier that he's just a paw. I mean, who knows if this is the guy. It could be if he's just a normal looking, just a normal looking dude, like nothing out of the ordinary. And I it, there's a good chance it could have been that The Zodiac, because If you look at the earlier descriptions of him, everybody says around 20 to 30. Yep. They say stalky or like heavy set kind of. Yeah. Which makes sense. Yeah. Now, the same day as detectives were interviewing the students from Pacific Union investigators held a press conference to provide what few details they could about the case identifying the, as salient as likely the same man who had attacked the two couples in Vallejo earlier that year.


Napa Sheriff's Captain Don Townsend told reporters, this man is a psychopathic killer. Yeah. Which like, yes, valid. And he went on to say that the attack on Cecilia showed definite sexual overtones. But it's unclear what that statement was really based on. But he did suggest, again, without evidence that quote, the S slangs might be part, might be the work of a Napa State Hospital inmate. That's interesting. Yeah. It, I think, I don't, because it's like didn't the last time he said he was escaped from a Yeah. Huh. Well, he told, yeah, he told, yeah. Brian and Cecilia.


Brian and Cecilia that he was, but I don't know. It's, yeah. I mean, that doesn't, because he said he was an escaped inmate from like Minnesota. Yeah. Something like that. So that's different, but interesting that it was brought up a couple times. Yeah. It is interesting. Hmm. But who knows what the basis was. Yeah. On the afternoon of September 29th, unfortunately just before 4:00 PM Cecilia Sheard passed away in the hospital making her the fourth confirmed murder victim of the man that the press now was referring to officially as The Zodiac Killer. Oh, that makes me so sad. I know Brian Hartnell remained in serious condition, but would eventually recover from his injuries. That is unbelievable. And to have that happen three times in a row, three times in the men, it's Yeah.


Which is weird. Which is just by happenstance. Yeah. And it's interesting. I hate it. I do too. Like I, like, I'm glad that they, you know, he survived. I mean, like, I hate that like, well, we don't know what that's about. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I hate that coincidence, I think. I think it is a coincidence. Yeah, do too. But it is bizarre, but it's just very bizarre. Yeah. There's a lot of, I don't, I'm not saying like supernatural in the way of like ghosty, but there are like a lot of supernatural paranormal things that feel supernatural about this. Not that there is, it's just like, yeah. I'm not saying there is, it has a a vibe to it. Yes. That's very otherworldly. Yes. It feels like, because even his like outfit feels like from another planet kinda situation.


Like you're just like, I can't reconcile like someone wearing that. Yeah. And I think obviously the fact that it's unsolved leads even more Absolutely. To like heightens that feeling. Yeah. Like makes it have like an alienesque quality to it. Yeah. But it is it, it's a case that really leaves you with the chills. Yeah. But in an interview conducted shortly after he came out of surgery, Brian described the killer as having brown hair about five, nine to maybe six feet tall, 20 to 30 years of age and 200 to 250 pounds with a husky voice. Okay. So pretty similar to all the other descriptions. Investigators checked other aspects of Brian's story, including the Killer's claim that he escaped from Deer Lodge State Prison in Montana. That's what it was. I think I said Minnesota earlier.


Yeah. Either one. But officials at Dear Lodge confirmed all their inmates were accounted for. Hmm. Now, like we know the term serial killer had not been established at this point, but in the two weeks that followed the attacks at the lake, the press and public started to process the fact that there was a multiple murderer living amongst them. Yeah. And if the past was any indication this guy was going to kill again, some people were starting to think maybe The Zodiac was sexually motivated, evident in what was described as his quote unquote effeminate handwriting. And the quote, sexual aberration suspected by a psychiatrist. I don't know though. The only, I think that's kooky to, to attribute it to that.


I don't think there's enough What's, I think what's more interesting is the fact that he literally wrote in the cipher like, it's better than getting your rocks off with some girl. Well, and I think that's really where people were getting that feeling from. From, but they're like, let's talk about his quote unquote effeminate handwriting. It's like, really? Yeah. And it's like, I don't think these crimes are necess necessarily sexually motivated. I know. I think he gets probably a sexual thrill from killing. Yeah. Like maybe that's the thing. Maybe like that's what it's about. Yeah. Is that's where he gets his, his thrill pleasure. Yes. From is doing this, which is fucked up in a whole different way. Yeah. But I don't know if I would consider that.


I don't know. Maybe it's just like the wording that sounds out, I think, to me, you know what I mean? Because I always think of like a sexually motivated murder to include sexual assault or rape. Yes. You know? Yeah. Which of course, it doesn't always, I guess. Which that's when you really think about it. You're like, okay, well maybe, maybe it's just the term that's throwing me off, but perhaps they're correct. Yeah. They could be, you know, I mean, we don't really know in some way, shape, or form. Yeah. But to others, he was simply a maniac who believed the stars and planets com commanded him to kill, according to an astrologers prediction made just, just before the bar attack, the late the attack on the lake quote, the heavens indicated the killer might strike a third time, and this astrologer was only off by one day.


Wow. Yeah. That's impressive. But regardless of the killer's motivations, almost everybody believed it was only a matter of time before he struck again. And unfortunately, they wouldn't be waiting long. Oh man. But that is where we are going to wrap for part one. Oh, wow. Yeah. Wow. Give you a lot of information. Holy for part one. Holy shit. I was gonna say, this is just like so heavy. Yeah. Like there's just so much involved in this case. There really is. And there's still a lot more to talk about in part two. Damn. But holy shit, we'll leave you here because that's a lot to digest. That is a lot to digest. Crazy. Very crazy bonkers case. Damn.


So with all that, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Keep it so weird that you fight with your sister about the use of the word aesthetic. Keep it that fucking weird and keep it so weird that you're on my side. No, my side, I'm not old. Whatever. Whatever, whatever. Michael B,


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just Want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the retrial, exclusively an ad free on Wondery Plus.