
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Hey everyone, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am absolutely loving. It's called Cava. Hands down, the best thing that I found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day Cava is the all-in-one superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, literally everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth and comes together with just water and actually comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, I like the vanilla And I like the chai one, and sometimes I like to mix those together, but it also comes in chocolate matcha and coconut acai. Personally, I like to drink it for breakfast. I know at the beginning of my day, I'm just getting everything that I need. I feel satiated for hours, and when I drink it in the morning, I just feel energized, ready for my day. Sometimes if I've ran out of the chai, I actually like to put a little bit of peanut butter in the vanilla one. It's awesome. You gotta try it. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off. for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


I feel like when I was trying to learn a language in high school, learning it through textbook just was not for me. I'm like an interactive girly, so ugh, it just wasn't gonna work out. But that's why I love Rosetta Stone. Rosetta Stone is the trusted expert for 30 years with millions of users and 25 languages offered. They offer Spanish, French, Italian, German, Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Dutch, Arabic, polish, and even more. And they are going to immerse you in so many different ways. There's no English translation. So when you're learning, you are really learning to speak, listen and think in the language that you choose. And it's a really intuitive process in my opinion. I think you really pick up the language naturally first with words. 'cause they just give you little words first, and then you work in phrases and then you go to full sentences. It's really designed for long-term retention. And they also have a built in feature. It's called True Accent. And it gives you feedback on your pronunciation. It's kind of like having a personal trainer for your very own accent. Don't put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now to get started. For a very limited time, Morbid listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ Morbid. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off@rosettastone.com slash Morbid today.


Life doesn't happen biweekly, so why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with earnin. Earnin is an app that gives you your access to your pay as you work up to $100 per day or up to $750 per pay period. Just download the, earn an app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid for your next paycheck. I feel like you need this. If you have pets. If you 'cause like You know unexpected trips to the vet come up. Sometimes you have upcoming rent on the horizon. So you just need your money. When you want your money, make Earnin a part of your financial routine and join earnin over three and a half million customers who say things like, when I think about Earnin, I think about financial stability, security, and it gives me a lot of peace of mind. Download earnin today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N and the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earnin app, type in Morbid under podcast. When you sign up, it'll really help the show. Morbid under podcast. Subject to your available earnings location daily max and pay period max. See earnin.com/toss for details. earnin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Bank products are issued by Evolve Bank and Trust member FDIC,


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina I know and this Is Morbid. Hello Earthlings and hello Tall grays and short grays as well. What do they called this? Sorry, my brain's just going into It's connected. Okay. Because you're talking about aliens in the Berkshires. Yes. There's a bridge where UFO ha incident happened. Yeah, it's on the new Unsolved Mysteries, all that fun stuff.


And they've like put up a plaque and everything. Oh, I think they call it an off world incident on the plaque. And. I. Think it is just the most delicious way to explain an alien coming down like a, like a an off world incident. Yeah. I like other worldly better. Yeah. Like it's just off this world. Like it's just such a strange off world strange way of saying it, but like a poetic one in a weird way. Yeah. Like that's like you just being like, oh excuse me, I'm just gonna go off world for a minute. Off world. I'm going into space. See you later. I'm going off world like offline space not counts. Count as the world. No, I think just earth is the world. Is that how it is? I don't think of it like that.


Oh, that's how I always see it. I think of the world as like the whole fucking shebang. Oh really? Yeah. I never thought of it that I always think the world is earth because I, because it's our world and other people have their own world or other, yeah. Other creatures and have their own world. But it's species have their own world. It's a world. World. No, it's all a universe. No, I look at it as it's all a universe, but this is our world. See, for me, I feel like world and universe are like synonymous. You're blowing my mind a little bit right now. You're blowing my mind a little bit. I don't see those as synonymous at all. Huh? Well that's our brains wild. So thanks for tuning in. That's a wild. Yeah, because I always think I know we're harping on this, but You know. No, it's a, it's an interesting discussion because I always say like You know you're the greatest in all the world to me is like the whole planet, like all earth.


But if I say you're the greatest in the universe, that's a step up. Oh, You know. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I guess I see that. But I can see why you would think that fun for me if I tell you you're the greatest in the world. I also mean you're the greatest in the universe. Well that's good to know. Yeah, because to me I was thinking you were downgrading really. I mean usually I usually don't say world. I usually just say universe. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I never think of these things. Maybe though it's because like your kids say like if like we're talking about like imaginary things, they say like in awe world. Yeah. Like do We have that in awe world? Yeah. That what? So they That's why you think of it the way you think of it. Yeah. 'cause they're always saying like, is that in awe world?


Yeah. I always think of like our planet where we are. Yeah. In our reality is what I think of it as. Yeah. Like our world is our reality. Yeah. Outside of that, I don't know. It's fucking bleak either way. Or maybe it's great outside of this. I mean it's gotta be great somewhere. It does. It has to be. But I know, I feel like you get the good with the bad, the happy and the sad no matter where you go. Probably, I'm assuming I don't really want things to be like super fucking awesome all the time because then you would lose, you would like lose that feeling. You wouldn't be as grateful for the Yeah. For the great times. You don't want it to be so fluctuating as it feels like it is now with everybody.


Yeah. But it's like you want a little bit of dips just so you can appreciate the highs. Yeah. You know this got so like theological I know and it started with me being like, isn't it funny that it says all four? Yeah. Wow. Look at us. Look at us. Go. Wow. That just got insanely deep. Yeah. And You know there another deep thing before we get into the story is yes, apple did some kind of weird update re ago in like ago November. But we just start finding out about it. We're not up on anything. We never know what's happening. We're too busy having theological discussions. Exactly. Too busy talking about off world incidents.


Yeah. You know, but it's, but we're always behind on shit. Like, you guys know this about us. We're six years into this. Like we know each other now. Yeah. You know us. We're always behind shit. We don't know what's going on in this industry at all. No. And so it's fine. We like get that way. We shut the door at the end of this recording and we say bye bye. But it's been brought to our attention, which is probably a good thing. It's good that someone told us. Oh no, it's great. I'm glad somebody did. But that apparently Apple has done this update in November where you are not getting our new episodes automatically. How horrible for you. Yeah. Like you have to hit follow. Yeah.


On our thing on Apple Podcasts now. Like if there's three little dots at the top and if you hit it and just hit follow that way you'll get automatically updated with our new episodes. Because like you could be by, who knows, you might not even be hearing this. You might not even be here for this awesome discussion that we just had. Yeah. You might hear about this six months from now. So can you imagine if you haven't and you're just one of those lovely people, which I, if you're listening right now, you are that just like either is already following us, figured it out, or you've like searched and found this episode like you actively went and found this episode to get and listened to. Then you're incredible. One, you're incredible and thank you. But two, you can just follow and it'll do it for you.


Yeah. And that'll be great. And it'll help out the show too. And we would appreciate it. Yeah. It'll help out the show. So if you do that, just that would be sick. And also you'll get all of the episodes You know. Yeah. We'll all automatically we'll just be in a better place because of it. What a weird thing to do. Yeah. You know. It was strange. It's very strange. It was. That's our, that's the only like real like You know, bit nasty podcasty thing We have to talk to you about. Yeah. Before we get into the whole episode, a quick little, this is a trigger warning just 'cause the episode is something that is pretty relevant for recent years. This is about a mass shooting. It's, I'm going to be describing what happened during this shooting.


It can be triggering for a lot of people. Some of you may You know have even been touched personally by one in recent years. So we wanted to make sure that you knew right up front that we will be discussing it and it could be a little distressing. Yeah. So if it is and you wanna skip this episode, we get It's okay. We totally understand. It's maybe just like put it on on mute and let it run all the way through. No, I'm just kidding. You don't have to do that. But that would be sick. But we totally get it. If you wanna go to the next episode, we love you for it either way. And if you're sticking around, here we go. Today we're gonna be talking about a pretty infamous case that I know a lot of people have probably heard about, I didn't know all the like detailed details of it, but we're gonna be talking about Charles Whitman also known as The Texas.


Tower Sniper. It sounds familiar. Yeah. It's a, it's a gnarly one. It's, it's you. So that checks, it's awful. It's tragic. It's also like confusing why it happened. Really, really. But I think it had a lot to do with, there's a, I think there was a lot of undiagnosed mental illness here. Okay. That it was in the sixties. Yeah. So it's not like, oh, okay. Okay. I think we talked about this on Crime Countdown at one point. Yeah. I'm sure we mentioned it on Crime Countdown, but this was in 1966. Mass shootings were virtually unheard of in the United States, which is crazy to think about now in 2024. Where like, what do you mean?


It wasn't just like a known thing every day that you get a new one. Imagine being in that place. Yeah. So this so Whitman's spree that happened in 1966, it shocked the nation. I mean, shocked. And what was worse at the time is that By most accounts, he was kind of by an outsider's point of view, You know the picture of an all American man, which made his actions all the more confusing to a very 1960s society. Right. Because this very picture of You know, like the, the happy husband with the You know the Happy Wife and the American Dream kind of thing. Yeah. He outwardly, he looked like a very You know again, the picture of a sixties happy all American man looks can be deceiving.


He was also well liked. He had a You know a successful question mark on paper. Military career. Okay. On paper. Okay. You looked deeper into it and there was a lot of shit going down. All right. He had a beautiful wife and once out of the military, he had at least started pursuing a college degree in preparation for an architectural engineering. Oh wow. Career. So it's like he was everything you could hope for. But behind this facade of an American middle class success story, there was a very deeply troubled man whose personal history and what we find out to be acute medical problems would actually go a little bit of the ways to explaining what happened here.


Okay. But nobody else really knew it was happening. Huh. So who was Charles Whitman? Tell who do Doel Charles Whitman The third was born June 24th, 1941. So today, And I, And I didn't realize that I was waiting for, I was like, girl, oh my God, do You know that that is the current day? Why does this happen? It happens. Not plan this. No, it happens a lot. It's weird. Like I pinky promise all of you. I believe that I did not plan this. That's weird. Yeah. In fact, I was supposed to do this one last week. Last week. Yeah. And I didn't. Weird. That's really weird. Whew. Today. So he was born today in 1941 in Lake Worth, Florida.


And he was the first of three boys born to Ca and Margaret Wilson From the outside, this family appeared to be the perfect American family. Just everything you could wanna be You know ca the dad was a financially successful business owner. He was supported by this lovely wife of his who kept the books for the business. Also managing to You know, keep the household afloat, raising the three children, her three lovely boys. Really like, what else could you ask for? Behind closed doors. However, I was waiting. Things were not very idyllic. Yeah. Ca Whitman was very obsessed with appearances, very obsessed.


And he was also a very strict disciplinarian. He did not hesitate to use physical punishment with his children and also his wife. Oh wow. He was an asshole. It essentially, it does sound that way. In fact, he said later I did on many occasions beat my wife, but I loved her. No, no. Nope. If you can beat your wife, you don't know what love is. That's not good. Try though. I, he doesn't even say I hit my wife, which is bad enough. I beat my wife. Which to me sounds so much like barbaric so much. It's like they're all barbaric on every level. But it's like, for some reason the term beat my wife just sounds, it gives me like shivers. And to say it in the same sentence as, but I also love her.


But I loved her. And also he says it like, what? Ugh. And it's like, okay. But he was also equally as unashamed about his abuse of his children. He said, I'm not ashamed of ashamed of any spankings. I don't think I spanked enough. If you wanna know the truth about it, I think they should have been punished more than they were punished. He sounds horrible. He sounds delightful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From a very early age, Charles Young Charles was described as being an extremely bright, very spirited boy. One neighbor said he was a noisy little devil uhoh. but they said, but he was a nice little boy and made a handsome man. Oh. And it's true. If you look up a picture of Charles Whitman, he did make a very handsome man.


Yeah. And he looks like an all American boy. I mean, look, he really does. And it's true what a lot of the Whitman's neighbors found ca, however, to be a disagreeable man. Hmm. But according to Gary Lavergne, who wrote the book Sniper in the Tower, The Charles, Whitman Murders, he said that basically the neighbors Charact nearly universally characterized Charlie along with his brothers as good normal boys. And they characterized the mother as a perfectly good mother. Okay. Despite being an abusive and very highly critical father, following his son's death, CA would tell reporters that Charles was quote, a brilliant student who never caused trouble for his family.


He's like, I did beat the shit out of him as a child, but he never caused a trouble. It's like, that's good. It's like, so why did you beat the shit out of him then? Yeah. Not that even causing trouble would warrant that, but No. But it's just like, wow. By the time he entered grade school, it was pretty clear that Charles was advanced for his age. Many of his teachers said that he was very capable and actually a clearly gifted student. Wow. His teacher suspicions were confirmed in fact in 1947, because he was given an IQ exam and he measured 1 38 0.9. Wow. So he wasn't just gifted in academics though. He also really loved music. And he started taking piano lessons around age four.


And he went on to honestly be a very successful, like he would've been a successful pianist. And he was in a local band actually. Oh, okay. Played the piano. Oh. So he was like, and he did. Well, it's weird that he seems so well-rounded. He started off very well. Well-rounded. Yeah. And things went awry. Things started turned. But if there was anything about which Charles was truly passionate, it was guns. Oh, CA Whitman the father said, I'm a fanatic about guns. He said I was, I raised my boys to know how to handle guns. And following the shooting evidence of Charles's love of firearms was obviously talked about in the pressed quite a bit.


Yeah. And in a lot of those reports was a photo of a 2-year-old Charles Whitman standing on a beach holding two rifles both taller than him. No. Yeah. That, no, no. Have your own opinions about guns. This is mine. No one's telling you that you can't have them. But that's, I don't love that. But again, I, however, your opinion on guns is you are allowed to have it. That's totally fine. But that, that, that the idea of a 2-year-old holding two rifles is odd. Not for me. No, it's not. It's not for me. It's not for a lot of people. Yeah. It's not for me. It's for you. That's fine. But this would seem to be one of some of the things that You know they had in common, like the father and the sons.


Sure. And ca often actually bragged about this. He bragged and said Charlie could plug a squirrel in the eye by the time he was 16. So there's that why though, you going to eat the squirrel? Yeah. Maybe. Who knows. But having spent most of his childhood in an orphanage, actually ca Whitman the father, he really struggled and worked hard to get everything he had. Well, that's one thing I will say for him. He grew up with nothing. Wow. So he worked to get everything. He had it also, growing up in an orphanage, you can now see where some of his behaviors probably manifested from. And disciplinary style, especially orphanages around that time period.


Yeah. And I don't know a lot about obviously his childhood, aside from being in an orphanage. But when you hear that, it makes a little more sense why he's very angry. Yeah. So, and obviously Ca Whitman drove his sons to be high achievers as well. He wanted to be a high achiever. He wanted perfection out of his family, which nobody can be perfect. No, absolutely not. You're, you're driving for something that can happen, which is gonna cause a breakdown eventually. But Charles was the eldest son and he was the one pushed harder. Charles' father pushed him to join a ton of clubs and associations like the Cub Scouts, boy Scouts.


He attained the highest levels of achievement in both of those. You know, like an eagle cub. An eagle cub. You know. T-B-T-T-B-T. Young Charles also inherited his father's obsession with accumulating as much wealth as possible. So he got a job right away as a paper boy, as soon as he could meet the age requirement. Hey. Which is good. That's great. That was great. And he was successful. 'cause he was successful in most of the, if not all the things he did at that point. But on the rare occasion that he did get any kind of feedback or criticism for his performance, he tended to quote, personalize customer complaints. Ah. Which at first I, when I heard that, I was like, I, I didn't remember his birthday.


And I was like, is he a Capricorn a cancer? And? I was like, no, he is not. He's a cancer. Yeah. Which I guess maybe that also could make sense. Cancers can be very highly emotional and sometimes don't get offended. They could be vindictive. Oh, okay. Interesting. Yes. Cancer holds a a grudge. Just the idea. Okay. The, the idea of like personalizing criticism for your performance seems very Capricorn for me. Yeah. Because I tend to do that. Yeah. You know, like I immediately becomes personal for me. Which is not like a greatest attribute to have it It harms you. Yeah. More than anything else. But I feel like it can be like obviously like it can do with your sign, but also your upbringing.


I think that probably had a lot to do with it in his case. Yeah. That makes a lot of sense for, because he, it almost sounds like it was like, you're right. 'cause it was like his dad criticizing him. Yeah. You know and, and telling him, you have to achieve this. Right. By the time he entered high school in 1955, he was again, Charlie Charles was, well-liked pretty popular. Excelled at most things. Really had a lot going for him. You know his school friend, Frank McCarty actually said he was a thinker who never went off half cocked. He was completely normal. Now the idea of him being a thinker who never goes off half cocked comes back later when he commits the atrocities.


Yeah. That he committed. 'cause he wasn't half cocked. Right. He went and it was planned. He was a fake, he planned it down to the second. So that is almost a little scary of like a, a sentiment to have about him. Definitely is. But so like most people who were interviewed following the murders, this guy Frank McCarty, remembered really nothing unusual about his high school career reputation. Charles's. Wow. McCarty really was just like, yeah, I don't know. During his freshman and sophomore years, he had good grades, good attendance. By his junior year, his grades had kind of dropped somewhat and he ended up having 26 absences that year. Wow. That's a lot.


16 of those were because he had a surgical procedure done and he had to recover from it. Okay. That surgical procedure was to remove a blood clot clot on his left testicle. Oh wow. Yeah. But even with all that, he ultimately graduated seventh in his class in 1959. Damn. With a 3.3 GPA with all of those absences, with those absence, all of all of that shit he had to get through. Yeah. That's crazy. So that's interesting. On the night of his graduation, he went out to celebrate with some friends and You know they mo they ended up drinking. Yeah. Duh. And yeah, duh. Obviously. And when he returned home later that evening, ca lost his shit on him.


Really? For coming home. Slightly drunk. In fact, it was said he lost all control of his temper. Charles told later Charles told his priest and former Boy Scout troop leader, father Joseph de luck that his father beat him severely and threw him into the pool where he almost drowned. What the fuck? Yeah. So when people question, I mean obviously a lot of people go through horrible things, which is a horrible thing to think about like this. And they don't go off to do the things that he did. But I think there's also a couple of injuries involved to his head. Yeah. That we'll find out later. That I think also contributed to mental illness and You know some neurological issues.


Yeah. And some TBIs. This kind of mixed with this kind of up upbringing came out horribly. It makes sense.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Comparison is the thief of joy. And it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality they probably don't. None of us do. But guess what? Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life, whatever that means for you personally. I think everybody should be in therapy, especially in a time of social media where everything just looks lovely and wonderful and ladi da. Do people have their own problems? We all do. And that's why we should all be in therapy talking about them. So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. All you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. I definitely did. I had two Netflix accounts. And, I didn't even know it, idiot. But thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. With Rocket Money, I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of all of my expenses. I can see all my subscriptions in one place and if I see something I don't want, rocket Money can help me cancel it with literally a few taps. They'll even call people for you sometimes. I also really love how the dashboard will show you this month's spending compared to last month. That way I can see my spending habits really clearly. And I can say, wow, sister, get your life together. Plus they help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track so the life is together. Thank you very much. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Morbid. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid rocket money.com/ Morbid.


And after years of this, after years of his father's constant abuse and honestly his like tyrannical behavior at this point, that's exactly what it's like. He's a dictator in that house. It was the last straw. So, and he was 17 years old at this time and he had been accepted to Georgia Tech and he would have, if he went there, he was going to have to at least remain financially dependent on his dad. But instead he chose to enter the military because he wanted to escape. Mm. And he wanted to start building his own life. So he was like, I want to cut ties. It was a way out on June 27th, 1959, just three days after his 18th birthday, he enlisted in the Marines and a week later he boarded a bus for Jacksonville.


Wow. So he was off Charles. Whitman had en list enlisted in the Marines, obviously to escape the unrealistic expectations, the abuse of his father, all of it. Everything. Yeah. Just get out of that house. But which also it's, it needs to be said his mother was somebody he could like count on, rely on. Yeah. And tried to really like You know, protect her sons from everything. But she also was being abused. Right. But from what I can see, his mother was never abusive. Never anything but a good mom. Yeah. A great mom to be honest. But he had tried to get away from all that. But he soon learned that he had just kind of traded one extremely regimented life or another.


Yeah. Now he's just gonna be under the control of someone else. Right. After completing basic training, he was sent to Guantanamo Naval base in Cuba. Wow. A very difficult post given, especially at the time, the increasing tension between us and the Cuban governments at the time. But Charles tried to make the best of his 18 month assignment there. And in an effort to be more well-rounded as a person, he took a lot of classes while he was stationed at the base. And apparently he took classes from sanitation to history. Wow. Like all the way across the board. He was trying to keep detailed notes all the way through. He had this thing in his head where, and he carries this a lot through his life, that he needs to be busy.


Okay. He cannot be alone with his own thoughts. I feel like that's not great. And this is a prime example of it. While he was generally a good student and really excelled in most of his classes, he also draw, found himself really drawn to the firearms training again 'cause he loves guns. He was brought up to love guns. Gary Lavergne wrote fairly early in his Marine's career. Charlie established himself as very proficient with guns. He took copious notes on the care and techniques of firing a three caliber caliber M1 carbine. At the end of the detailed notes, he scribbled in large letters, world's finest, exclamation point, exclamation point, exclamation point on the firing range.


He consistently achieved high scores and actually ended up earning a sharp shooters badge. And in a very macab bit of foreshadowing, he would be remembered as quote, an excellent shot who appeared to be more accurate against moving targets. Wow. Which is a horrific bit of foreshadowing here. That's chilling in general. His conduct during this period was pretty good. Yeah. And appears people liked him. His, his fellow Marines liked him. Everything was pretty normal. Right. According to Larry Phillips, who was stationed at Guantanamo with Charles Whitman, he said Charles would quote, do anything for others in his squad. However, at one point Phillips and Whitman were in a serious accident.


And that's, it seems to have been the result of Charles' complete disregard for danger while in most situations really. He had a very, like, I'm invincible way of looking at things. He was very, he could be very like irresponsible when it came to like those kind of situations and really following the rules by the book. And so an accident happened and he ended up getting a head injury from it. It was like a Jeep accident. Yikes. While at g Guantanamo, Charles learned of a scholarship program for enlisted soldiers that was known as the Naval Enlisted Science Education Program. Or ne sep nep SEP couldn't tell you. N-E-S-E-P.


I was like, what is that? Which was developed as a way of training soldiers in math and science to try to compete with Russia, essentially. Oh, okay. Charles applied in February, 1961 and was actually among the few Marines selected to participate and started the program in mechanical engineering at University of Texas Austin in September. Which this is very highly prestigious. Absolutely it is. He had spent his entire life now under the thumb of his father and commanding officers just under the thumb of everybody above him. But now he had a newfound freedom. He wasn't under anyone's thumb. Now he could study, he was part of this scholarship program and he had difficulty adjusting. It's, it's almost like when people come out of prison.


Yeah. And they have trouble adjusting to the being not regimented sense. And not regulated. It makes sense. One night, not long after moving into his dorm, Charles and two other students illegally poached a deer and brought the animals dead carcass back to the dorm. Why? Which like, I'm tapping my head right now. Like think Yeah. Use, use the gray matter between your ears. Maybe don't do that. A local resident spotted them doing this, however, like coming back into the dorms and was like, Hey, what the fuck? He, they reported the poaching to the authorities and police followed a trail of blood back to the UTA campus. They entered Whitman's dorm room and they found the two of them skinning the deer in the dorm shower.


What's weird is you did say he took a sanitation course. Yeah. And then he just, and then he just dragged a deer through the hallway and brought it into the, the shared bathroom. Yeah. And then just was skinning it in the shower. That's bizarre. That's unusual behavior to me. Can you imagine walking in to take a, you're just at your college dorm and you're like, oh, I got a shower. Yeah. You walk into that, I'd be like, oh, oh, you gotta go fuck. And it's like, what? Like that's bizarre behavior. It absolutely is. That should have been a pretty red flag to me. Like that's, first of all, that's not smart decision making skills.


Like I'd be like, what happened here? And two, it's like, that's fucked up. Yeah. I don't know. That's fucked up. I know. If people just looked at it like, oh, he likes to hunt. And it's like, but that's like fucked up. Like I know. Even if you like to hunt, it's like, I don't need to see a deer being skinned in my fucking shower. Like, what are you doing? Yeah. I don't know. Like, do your business elsewhere. That's, I, I'm not telling it, but there's plenty. Don't do. There's, there's a time and a place for everything. And my shower is not it, but it's so weird. But what's crazy about this is he got off with a light sentence. He was po forced to pay at a a hundred dollars fine. So they were just like, this is very bizarre, very red flaggy behavior.


But we're just gonna make you pay a hundred bucks. He don't drag a deer through the hallway again after killing you for Do we do that? Do that again. Okay. And then skin it in the shower. Just a hundred bucks please. Yeah. The fuck. So he was arrested at the time, like he got arrested for out on the like You know. So after that arrest, it was really just the first of several incidents that really indicated that women was not taking this program seriously. That literally sounds like a Florida man incident. It really does, doesn't it? It really does. Florida man, poaches dear illegally skins it in local shower. It's true. Like I'm, I'm not past this yet. No, don't. Fuck. It's true. It really is. Very Florida Manish. I mean, he is from Florida. He's, he's a Florida man, so that makes sense.


He's a Florida man. He's a Florida man. To our Floridian listeners, we love you. We love you. You're not that Florida man. No, we love Florida, man. But it is very Florida man. Didn't we? Another crime countdown board. Yeah. We had like four segments of Florida. Man, I miss Crime Countdown. I miss Crime Countdown daily. That was so much fun. Max. Hi Max. But yeah, he wasn't taking this program seriously. Evidently he also wasn't handling the increased freedom very well. Obviously you don't say because once he's up to his own devices, that's what he does. It's like, that's the first thing he does. It's like I get going a little buck wild. Oh, bad choice of words. Yeah. I get going a little wild. Like when you, when you have your own freedom.


Like, but like that's, that's a different guy. That is buck Wild. Wild. That's is what that is. You took that far too. Literally. Wild. Literally Buck wild. But during his first year at UTA, Charles was focusing way more on all that kind of shit. And also he was a gambler. Oh. He loved gambling and he was focusing on it. Oh, that's not good. And he was focusing on every other weird You know, You know wild hobby that he had going on. Oh man. So his grades started plummeting. Yeah. Because he just wasn't focusing on it. No one was making him. Right. So he wasn't, it's like your first year when you get to do online courses, you're fill that shit. Unless you're awesome because online courses are tough. Figuring out how to self-discipline is one of the hardest things you will do at first.


Absolutely. And this is where he was. So given his reputation as a prankster and because he did pe he liked to play like pranks. He was a jokester. Yeah. You know all that stuff. So, and he would also make like outrageous comments a lot. But like, they just took that as like, he's just a joker. Okay. You know that kind of thing. But his friend Francis Schuck didn't think much at all when one night the two of them were sitting out on the dorm balcony and Charles pointed up to the top of the campus clock tower and said a person could stand off an army from a top it before they even got to him. And of course his friend didn't. Why would they think?


Yeah, no. Why would you think anything of that? That he, that he's rattling off a future plan. Like why would you think that he, somebody who came from a military background? Yeah. Like I, to a degree makes sense that he would make a comment like that I guess. Yeah. Like I, I don't know that I would think twice about that. Yeah. So he just sat there and listened to him and then he went on like, like Char Charles went on and he's, and he was like, he described basically a scenario where someone could just fire from the top of the tower and just kill spectators with a rifle. Now again, we look back on it knowing what we know and we go, oh my God. Like foreshadowing. We knew. Yeah. But think about it. How many times, hopefully everybody's on board with this or I'm gonna sound weird, but how many times have you been somewhere weird?


Like some like weird ravine or something where you're like, oh my God, that goes down so far. And you're like, oh my God. Imagine if somebody just like threw somebody down there. Yeah. Like you think something weird and fucked up and you're just like, guys imagine that. Yeah. It's not because you're planning to do it, it's because you're like, whoa. Like I'm just like, that's crazy. Like that's a wild thought. You know. Like you think of these things and you think like, how scary is that? Yeah. Like you're not, and who knows? Maybe he posed it that way. Like how fucked up is that? How fucked up would that be? You know. And then as friend's just like, oh yeah, that'd be fucked up. Like holy shit, you're fucked guy. Like you can't, that wouldn't strike me as like somebody telling me a plan. Especially if he's shown absolutely nothing to me that makes me think he's making a plan to do that. Exactly.


So we gotta get back. I understand why that wouldn't really ring alarm bells in that moment. Hindsight is 2020 obviously now after a year of pretty poor grades and some really shitty pranks, Charles finally started to take his schooling a little more seriously the following year. Thanks. In large part to meeting this woman named Kathy Ner in February, 1962. Unlike Charles, Kathy was very focused on her goal of graduating. She was getting a degree in education and she wanted to be a teacher. Nice. But she was very charmed by Charles. And they started dating very soon after meeting. And she kind of kept him on, on the path, kept him in check. Like she gave him something to be like, You know what I get better.


Get my shit together. 'cause look at this girl. Okay. Focusing on her shit. Yeah. Hell yeah. And Kathy definitely had a positive influence on Charles. But having spent most of his time hanging out with friends and playing pranks on campus and gambling, his grades were just too abysmal to really pull out of the, the bottom here. Oh wow. Not that bad. He was getting one A and it was in algebra, which A for algebra. Cool. But the rest were all like barely D's. Like he was Oh wow. He let it get crazy. He really did. He had some Cs in there, but they were like, there was a lot of really abysmal ones. He did show a slight improvement in summer of 1962 after he married Kathy that August.


Hey. So she really did she, he had a good influence and he seemed to be taking the program more seriously at that point. I think because he saw future, his futures with Kathy. Now he's, he knows he has to get his shit together. I just brought up their wedding pictures and it's so they just look like any other, like old time married couple. Yeah. 1960s like, like they look super happy. Yeah. He looks very like normal guy you'd wave to on the street. The way he talks about her is like he adored her. Yeah. From what he said. Now, unfortunately for the Marine Corps who had invested a lot into him at this point, these little improvements were just not enough. Yeah.


They weren't enough weren't to justify him continuing that scholarship. And in the winter of 63, he lost the scholarship and was called back to active duty and stationed at Camp Lugen. Okay. Now, when he entered the military after high school, he was trying to get away from an abusive home life. Right. Which probably made that transition a little easier. 'cause he was leaving an abusive home life and going into a place where he was also regimented but in a different way and not being personally abused. You know by someone he loved. Yeah. Essentially. But this time the transition back into the military was a little more difficult. He's coming from independence. He had that taste of freedom. Yeah.


He had failed pretty spectacularly probably for the first time in his life. Yeah. At UTA. But his being assigned to Camp Lujan meant that he had to leave Kathy behind in Austin. 'cause she was finishing her degree program. Right. These challenges kind of set him off on the wrong foot, right away on the base. And things really only got worse from there. From the moment he arrived on base, he was very difficult, very insolent, very immature. His immaturity came out big time in this time period. Wow. Way more than it had in the past. When he was kind of being, again, highly regulated. His early record of good conduct had earned him a little leeway. 'cause he had that good behavior in the past.


But after a few months it was becoming clear that he really didn't want to be a Marine. Now, according to Gary, Lavergne Charles quote had become embittered and formed a hatred of the Marines. Especially after he was informed that his time spent in Austin would not count as part of his active duty enlistment. To make matters worse, although he was now back in You know the rigid confines of the military. He continued his problematic gambling and other really fucked up behaviors that got him in trouble. At UTA in Aug, October of 64, Charles got and a friend got into a fight with four or five other Marines. And during this whole fight, he was actually knocked to the ground and repeatedly kicked in the head and face.


Yikes. Like repeatedly, very harmed. Another T, he spent a few hours in the infirmary for dizziness and headaches and he was given aspirin and then sent back to his bunk aspirin. No doubt. Concussed. Yeah. No fucking you put that with the Jeep accident a few years earlier. And the years and years. Years of, that's the second being abused. I've actually abused because think about it, he, when he came home that night after his graduation, his dad beat him severely and then threw, threw him in the pool where he almost drowned. That's also lack of oxygen to your brain. Absolutely. It is. So there's a lot happening here that it's not good. Oh man.


Yeah. It's really bad. So if the first phase of Charles's military career was a success and the second was a struggle, then this third would be considered a complete fucking abysmal failure. Oh no. Throughout his time in North Carolina, Charles was honestly always in trouble. Always admonished for being challenging, disruptive. He was still carrying on the excessive gambling. He would carry non-military weapons and get in trouble for that. His behavior took an even more dramatic turn when he tried and failed to get his scholarship back that net, N-E-S-E-P one in April 63, which honestly was the worst thing that could have happened, was him failing to get that back. 'cause it just made him hate the military more.


And it made him more bitter. In November of 63, his superiors had finally run out of patience. And Charles was actually court marshed for quote gambling usury, And I looked it up. Usury is lending money at high, like crazy high interest rates. Oh shit. And the unauthorized possession of a non-military pistol. And he was ultimately found guilty. He was sentenced to 30 days confinement and 90 days hard labor. Oh fuck. And then he was demoted back to the rank of private. Yeah. So things are not going well. Maybe just do a little discharge. Yeah. A little bit. Doesn't seem like this is a great environment for him.


You don't, it doesn't seem like, yeah, he doesn't like it and it doesn't seem like he's a, like a good member to have no You know. Like I don't think this is working out on either side. No, I don't think so either. Throughout 64 though, his life had taken obviously a very significant turn for the worst. Seriously. And he seemed to be struggling on literally all fronts. He hated the military at this point. He regretted enlisting at all, but still had a large amount of time left before his discharge. Yeah. So desperate. He turned to his father in hopes that his father's connections with Florida state representatives could help him win an early discharge. Okay. It took nearly a year, but it actually worked.


And CA's connections paid off. And he was, Charles was honor honorably discharged from the Marines on December 6th, 1964. And that's when he went back to Texas to join back with Kathy. Okay. So that's why I said before he had a successful military career. 'cause he was honorably discharged. Yeah. But it was a shit show while he was there. Yeah. It started off bright, but whoop plummeted really plummeted. So he had a chance at a bright future, but he had literally gambled it away. Like quite literally. Literally. It was only after his death when his diary was discovered among his possessions. And that's when anyone really learned how much misery he was in during this period of time. He referred to this time as quote, the pit of life's experiences.


Wow. Yeah. Not only did Charles diary entries from his final year in the military really show how desperate he was to be discharged, but it also showed how much he was very much investing in his marriage to Kathy and how it pained him to be away from her. Wow. Charles wrote in an entry from November 63 quote, it is so good to know that she loves and understands me. She's definitely the best thing I have in my life. Or as I say, my most prized possession. I don't love that strange way of saying it. Yeah. Women aren't possessions. I was like, people are not possessions having failed at his first attempt at getting a college degree at UTA and then his failed military career, Charles had kind of come to see the relationship with Kathy as literally the only good thing in his life at that point.


It kind of sounds like it was, it was the only thing that was keeping him going. To be honest. In the final days of his active duty, Charles wrote in that diary quote, God, I can't stand the core. My love for Ka and my sense of responsibility to our unborn children is the only thing that keeps me from going berserk at times. It seems as if I'm going to explode. So he's already showing that he's not handling his own inner turmoil. Well, no, not at all. Also, she's not pregnant, just so You know. But he was just thinking like in the future. Yeah. So he's no longer being controlled by the military. And Charles and Kathy ended up moving back to Austin and at this point he's like, all right, I'm ready to like take off. I'm ready to like succeed.


I want to be like a family man. I wanna be successful. So then what are you gonna do? He re-enrolled at UTA. Okay. Not with the scholarship program or anything, just his own thing. And before long, unfortunately, the old feelings of self-doubt and frustration started creeping back into his mind and he himself wrote in his diary about his concerns for his own mental health. Oh wow. Yeah. And he said, I think she's just neglecting me. As she says, she's getting lazy. He's talking about Kathy. He was very insecure about their marriage. He was always worried that it wasn't where it should be. He said, I'm undecided what to do. But I definitely feel as though there's something unusual in my mental state.


I noticed an unusual uneasiness inside myself. Oh, it's sad when you read his diary entries because he recognized it. But the nothing, it's just in a private diary. Right. You know nobody went to his doctor or anything and who knows what would've been done back then. The time period. It's like, yeah.


I have been walking out the door with a little more pep in my step lately, thanks to pros. I have never actually found beauty products that really understood my needs until I found pros. They know that your hair and skin can sway your mood and impact your day in ways that you just can't underestimate. Ever since I switched to a custom hair and skin routine with pros, I've noticed so many benefits. Healthier hair and skin. But even beyond that too, my hair is so shiny lately. If you follow me on the gram, you saw that I posted that I am getting like my more natural waves coming back. I stopped dyeing my hair, I changed up my prose formula and oh my god, my hair's looking so good. Prose is made for people not hair and skin types. Personalization is rooted in everything they do from their in-depth consultation to their made to order model from millions of possible formulas. Only one is uniquely yours or mine. Pros is so confident. You'll bring out your best hair and skin that they're offering an exclusive trial offer of 50% off your first subscription order@pros.com slash Morbid so you get your free consultation. Then 50% off at pros.com/ Morbid. That's PROS e.com/ Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen and you guys know we're doing an Audible bonus series where we're doing like a little book club and next month we are gonna be doing my Best Friend's exorcism. So I've been listening to that. It's so, so good. Download it on Audible now and get ready for Book Club Baby. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Now, when he re-enrolled in the fall of 65, he changed his major from mechanical engineering to architectural engineering. He was excited about this option because he thought like he likes creative endeavors. He thought this was gonna be really where he can express his creative side. And during this period, he also found a job as a bill collector for the standard finance company that he could pay his bills and him and Kathy's bills. but they didn't really have a lot of extra money. And by April he took a new position as a teller at the Austin National Bank. He was determined at this point to fill his time. Phil, Phil. Phil. That time. Yeah. Don't have any time alone to think about your thoughts. When he wasn't working, wasn't going to school full time, he volunteered as a scout master with the local boy scout troop.


But by January of 66, he had been asked to be relieved of his duties as scout master because the pressures he was feeling from work and school were just too much. He couldn't handle the volunteering part, but that shows you how hard he was trying to fill his time. He was volunteering on top of all the shit he was doing. He just didn't want to be by himself. Yeah. Now, despite the fact that his post-military life seemed to be going in a positive direction, there were definitely signs that he wasn't doing well emotionally. Yeah. Or physically for that matter. By January of 66, he had put on I from everybody around him. They said he very quickly put on a noticeable amount of weight and he was suffering from frequent severe headaches, exhibited symptoms of a very severe anxiety.


He would chew his fingernails, he would sweat even if it was cold, like he was just always on edge. And the self-doubt and insecurities about he felt about his marriage and professional life. It appeared to be coming up way more frequently now that he was back home with his wife. In his diary, he wrote, as I look back over my past few adult years, they seem so wasted. Will I ever accomplish anything I set out to do? Wow. So he was just really falling into an abyss. Just sad things continued this downward trajectory too as they entered 1966, because Kathy's really busy with her teaching schedule and her school schedule. And so it, it ended up being like a frequent stressor on their marriage.


They would get in arguments a lot that, because he didn't really know what to do when she wasn't there. And like he would panic when she wasn't there. He was like, you need to have your own life. Exactly. And he wasn't and own, he couldn't handle it. Adventures and Yeah. And he was able to maintain good grades during this period, which is interesting, but it's impressive. But he struggled to make friends. Most people found him pretty difficult to deal with at this point. His booth had changed, his attitude had changed. Yeah. Which is a very big turn from when he was in that highly regimented but very abusive home. People liked him. Right. Because I think that's the only thing he knew. But it's also so indicative of like the, the brain trauma that he had gone through, that it shows you after all that, like people changed, has changed completely irreversibly.


Yeah. Completely. And to make matters worse, he also struggled to maintain employment. And he changed his job several times between 65 and 66, which is a stress on his wife too. Of course. And I'm sure that led to arguments also. Yeah. She's really the one earning the most money at this point. Right. Which is hard. And he, he doesn't even want to be like home without her. Exactly. And she's like, do I have to fucking do everything's to work and to the world around him? He seemed like a nice young man who You know, despite some interpersonal difficulties, appeared to be patient driven to succeed, trying to make the best of the situation. But he was living in an almost constant state of panic, anxiety, unease, discontent, nothing positive.


Wow. So it's pretty significant that he himself recognized these signs and symptoms of like mental illness and neurological issues in himself at the, at the moment because at multiple points between 64 and 66, he did undergo routine physicals and evaluations through the military. And he, and if he had mentioned these things outside of his diaries, at any point he might have been able to at least start on the path to like stopping the tragedy that was about to happen. Yeah. You know, like just mention it to someone, you wonder what would've been done because I don't Yeah. I know obviously like therapy back then. Definitely. And especially for men wasn't what it is now.


But I know maybe something, well, no, we're, we're heading toward the seventies, so it's gotta be be progressing like somewhat, somewhat You know. That's, I do wonder what would've happened. But at the same time, unfortunately, like most Americans at this time period, he was facing the stigma of mental health, mental illness. And in fact he himself actually had some pretty archaic views on the matter while he was struggling. Well, it makes sense with where he was brought up and Exactly. You know his lifestyle. Yeah, precisely. And in 64 when his brother, Patrick was actually having a difficult time emotionally, Charles wrote in his diary, I just found out that Pat ran away from home a couple of days ago and had a car accident in Kissame, Florida.


He was injured pretty bad. The boy has definite emotional and psychological problems until he puts forth some effort to make good. I don't want anything to do with him. Wow. Which shows you it like I keep saying, wow, sorry. But it's like it shows you how archaic his own views are. Like Yeah. Like fuck that guy until he does his own shit and fixes it. I don't want anything to do with him. Well, and it when support is probably what Patrick was looking for. And so it's interesting because it's like you can see then that he is volunteering all his time, taking all these courses, trying to do all this stuff on his own. Yeah. And it like that opinion in and of itself shows why he's not reaching out for help. Exactly. He should do it to, he thinks this is his problem and he probably fears being cut off by his family.


Absolutely. I mean, if he thinks that about his brother right. Then he probably thinks the same thing would happen to him. So I'm not gonna say anything that's really sad. It really is lonely because of how he was raised and abused. He perceived emotional problems and mental illness to be a form of weakness. Right. And given that his post-discharge life hadn't really been working out the way he wanted it to, and that he was struggling to achieve even the most modest of his goals, he probably felt as though his symptoms would've kind of really further derailed any further future success for him. Yeah. So instead of seeking help for the clear growing depression and anxiety and distorted thinking that he was having, he just tried to suppress it all and just carry through.


Like nothing was wrong. He was not doing a great job at it, obviously, because it was a lot more severe than I think he could have handled on his own. Yeah. And everything was far from fine entering the new year. He was struggling academically, professionally, personally, literally in every way you could struggle. But he continued to invest as much as he could into his marriage at that point. Like we were talking about before, Kathy was the primary earner in the family. That was also a big blow to his ego, especially at that time. And despite the fact that he outwardly said he adored his wife and acted as if he adored his wife, they had hit a rough patch in their marriage.


And the previous summer, Kathy had actually confided to a friend that she was thinking about divorce. Wow. According to her friend Fran Morgan. Kathy said Charles was quote a perfectionist and expected too much from her, which is his dad. And as an example, Kathy told her friend, Charles would quote, wipe his hand behind pictures hanging on the wall looking for dust. And on at least three occasions he had lost control of his violent temper and hit her. Oh. So he's taking notes from his father? A hundred percent. So that's why I say, like he says, he adores her and also motherfucker. Yeah. You are at home. Yeah. If there's dust behind those pictures, dust the fucking picture that's on you, baby.


Yeah. She's out making the bacon working. You gonna school? Yeah. Get in the bacon and now you make it. Yeah. And in early March 66, Charles faced another huge stressor because he got a call from his mother on the night of March 2nd, saying his father ca there had become very violent and she was afraid of him. Charles anonymously called the Lake Wir Police Department and reported a disturbance at the home of Ca and Margaret Whitman telling the dispatcher they're going to kill each other. Oh God. But when an officer arrived at the house, everything was quiet. A short time later, he called the police again this time saying that his father had threatened to do bodily harm to his mother and that he was on the way to Florida, but worried something bad would happen before he got there.


Oh, that stress is unbelievable. Yeah. It's unclear what actually happened here. But two days later, Charlie did succeed in convincing his mother to finally leave his father. Wow. After all those years. And she returned back to Austin, Texas with him and settled into an apartment near where Kathy and he were living. It's also worth noting, 'cause I feel like listening to this story, I'm like, oh, he's probably like in his mid thirties at this point. Yeah. He's young. He's in his early twenties. Yeah. He's young. Like for anybody that doesn't know this story, he's in his early twenties and this is everything he's going through this point. It's a lot. Now, Margaret and CA's separation was definitely an additional strain on an already increasingly emotionally fragile Charles.


Yeah. Although he wasn't exactly hostile, ca made strong and repeated attempts to convince his wife to come home. It was bordering on harassment at that point, especially after what he had done. It's like, fuck off. Sure. It's like you've been abusive to her, your entire marriage. Yeah. Later he would say, I'm not ashamed of the fact that I spent a thousand dollars a month on the phone bill begging her to come back. I kept begging Charlie to come back to me too. I promised Charlie that if he'd only persuade his mama to come back, I'd swear never to lay a hand on her. This is so toxic. That's also putting it on on your child. Toxic. Yeah. And you have to imagine, I mean, like I was just saying, he's in his early twenties and he was the oldest. Yeah. So I think there's, and younger, earlier he mentioned one of his brothers ran away from home.


They're younger. It's like they're Yeah. They're experiencing all this firsthand. Yep. It's so sad how toxic this sad family. Very sad is. Yeah. And Charles said later that his father was calling daily or every other day. I mean like a thousand dollars on the phone bill back then and that. And he's putting it on his child. You have to convince your mother to come back. No, no, my friend. Right. You are the one that fucked up in your marriage. Right. It has, has nothing to do with your child and their relationship between like, didn't you to hit between one of you tell he's not part of your marriage. Like that's what a lot of people need to understand. Like you, your child is not part of your marriage in that way. Your marriage, no responsibility to get you two back together or figure anything out. That's between you.


That's you dog. And it's like, what the fuck dude? And maybe you should have fucking thought one day she was gonna leave if you kept beating her. Yeah. Like you're just mad because she finally hit her breaking point and you lost out on the thing that you like to hit when you're mad. Exactly. Like that's fucked up. Now at the, at a time when his mental health was clearly deteriorating rapidly, getting drawn into this separation divorce later would really only make things worse for Charles. Not only would it likely have made him even more paranoid about his own marriage, which was by then in trouble, but he also felt an urge to protect his mother and smooth things over with the whole family. 'cause he's the oldest.


So the stress had actually become bad enough that Charles did finally start talking to his friends about what he called the gross disharmony in the Whitman household. In late March, he actually finally sought professional help. Wow. From the UTA student health center. Oh, okay. He attended a one hour session with a psychiatrist, a one or two hour psychiatrist session. When the session ended, the doctor recommended that Charles come back the following week for ongoing treatment and to call if they, he was in crisis or needed help before then. Well that's great. But he never came back and they can't force you to, and it should be noted that while it was definitely like on he needed to return for help like that, that was part of the Yeah.


You know he's an adult, he needs to come back. Right. For help. There might have been a reason for him not wanting to come back. Because according to other students who had seen that same psychiatrist, Dr. Maurice, Dean Heatley, around the time of Charles' visit, they reported that he was very unimpressive. He was not a good doctor. Oh. His demeanor, his clinical approach, not good. One student, bill Helmer said that while he was explaining his marital problems to the doctor, that the doctor quote talked on the phone, on the phone to a driller, engaged in the installation of a well on the Heatley ranch. And then he just wrote this guy a prescription for Librium.


Okay. So as much as it was, it was definitely, he's an adult. He needs to say, if he's gonna go back, he should go back. But it's like, I think or seek alternative though, that could have possibly been the reason he didn't go back. Yeah. If that's your first experience, I guess I can understand not having a lot of faith in that. Probably not approach. But in interviews with the authorities directly after the shootings that would later occur, those closest to Charles would actually deny noticing any neurological deficits or evidence of a disability in his state of consciousness. Huh. So nobody was reporting that. Like they noticed, like something You know. He was like disassociated for anything. He was things disassociating, things like that. But that wasn't entirely true. I don't know why people were reporting that.


'cause in the months leading up to that summer, Charles had clearly been demonstrating some odd behavior. Yeah. And some like disordered thinking. Some of this definitely could have been attributed to what had been prescribed to him in the spring, which was like amphetamines. Oh. And he ended up becoming addicted to them. Was that, sorry? Was that when he went to the psychiatrist? Yeah. I think they just like handed him a prescription. Oh, first, first fucking appointment you just get amphetamines. Exactly. Jesus Christ. And he became addicted to them. Yeah. But there were other symptoms, like he had some increasingly bizarre beliefs about God and spirituality that were like becoming more and more bizarre. And he had a very noticeable lack of inhibition when it came to talking about things in front of people.


Okay. Like he was inappropriate You know. Okay. And he wasn't like that before. Every once in a while, You know, like when he was in the military, I said like he would sometimes like make a crazy comment or something that was like a little different than what this was. This was like, I'm gonna talk to you about my sex life kind of thing when like, I've known you for an hour. Interesting. In an interview with authorities, the day after the shooting happened, Charles' friend John Morgan told investigators that the last time he had spoken with Charles, they had spent hours quote talking about philosophy, religion, marriage problems, sex, et cetera. And Charles had some way out ideas about those subjects. Really? Yeah. And he wasn't afraid to share them. Okay. According to Morgan, Charles was uncharacteristically open about his marriage problems.


He seemed, as he said, oversexed and talked at length about how much he hated his father, which were all things he just wouldn't have talked about before. Like wouldn't have gone into that. Yeah. Much of detail about, there were also strange, other strange changes in hi his behavior as well. That spring, he had spoken extensively with instructors about his depression and told several of them that he planned to drop outta school at the end of the semester, which previously he was like very committed to completing this degree. Like that was one of his main goals. So these type of comments would've definitely seemed strange and outta place.


Like somebody would've been like, wow, that's a weird change and we should look at that. And also that spring, after an argument with Kathy, he left the house and was just missing for an entire day. Kathy didn't know where he was and he returned the following day, still had no idea where he was. Sounds like was it was out of character. Yeah. Very out of character. Like he hadn't done that before. Yeah. On the afternoon of July 31st, 1966, Charles and Kathy visited the home of John and Fran Morgan around 4:00 PM And John noticed then that Charles quote acted different and was extremely quiet. Okay. About two hours later, the couple left. The Morgans Charles drove his wife to work at the telephone company, and she was scheduled to work until about 10:00 PM Okay.


So she, she was working really hard. She's got two jobs. Kathy supervisor later confirmed that she did finish her shift and left work a little after 10:00 PM And it was the last time anyone saw her alive. Oh no. Now, after dropping Kathy off at work, Charles returned home, sat down at his typewriter, and he wrote quote, I don't understand what it is that compels me to type this letter. Perhaps it is to leave some vague reasons for the actions I've recently performed. Oh, no. Now the letter was dated and timestamped 6:45 PM which means he hadn't done anything yet. But this indicates that whatever reservations he might have had about his plans that he was going to carry out, they were gone.


By this time. When he sat down at the typewriter, he went on to write, I don't really understand myself these days. I'm supposed to be an average, reasonable, and intelligent young man. However, lately, I cannot recall when it started. I've been a victim of many unusual and a irrational thoughts. In March, when my parents made a physical break, I noticed a great deal of stress. I talked with a doctor once for about two hours and tried to convey to him my fears that I felt some overwhelming violent impulses. So he shared that with the doctor, and then the doctor prescribed him amphetamines good. I never saw the doctor again. And since then I've been fighting my mental turmoil alone and seemingly to no avail after my death.


I wish that an autopsy would be performed on me to see if there are any physical, visible physical disorders. So he was literally being like, something is drastically wrong with me. I can't do this. I'm just gonna, I don't know why I am about to do what I'm about to do, but I'm going to, and after I die, which I plan to die today, I want you to find out what's wrong with me. Like that's a scary series of plans and thoughts. Yeah. You know, like for someone to be so aware of the struggling, but so but so removed, so aware that like something is severely wrong with me, but I don't know what it is. I can't imagine that feeling.


No. And I know a lot of, like I know, a lot of our listeners probably either know people or have felt that way that you're like, something's wrong with me. And, I don't know what it is. Right. Like I can't imagine feeling that way. It must be just so out of control. That's the thing. When you're not in control of your own shit and like you don't feel like you can get in control. Yeah. That's scary. It is scary. Like that's, I can't imagine that feeling. I really can't. And based on the note left behind, it's obviously clear that he intended to die that day. Either he was gonna do it or he was gonna have the police do it. But what's not clear here are his reasons for what he said he did next.


Killing his mother and his wife. Oh, he killed his mother too. Yep. He hadn't done it yet, but he said it was after much thought that I decided to kill my wife Kathy tonight. I love her dearly and she has been a very fine wife to me. I cannot rationally pinpoint any specific reason for doing this. That's terrifying. Yeah, it is. Charles was equally vague about killing his mother. He said similar reasons provoked me to take my mother's life. Also, it's like no reason I can't pinpoint it. He just feels compelled.


Sometimes searching for the right doctor is like a bad mad libs. You need blank specialist who doesn't have a blank month wait to get you in for an appointment. Who doesn't keep you in their waiting room for blank amount of hours. Well, Zocdoc makes it easy to fill in those blanks to help you find the right doctor for your specific needs. zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than 100,000 healthcare providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, eyecare to skincare, and much more. Plus, Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. I love Zocdoc. If you need a quick doctor's appointment, something pops up, you log right on there, you filter for your best results and you're ready. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com/ Morbid. Find and instantly book a top rated doctor today, that's ZOC, do c.com/ Morbid zocdoc.com/ Morbid.


Now, when he finished writing the note, he went back to the phone company to pick up Kathy, a little bef, like basically at 10. Oh. And she has no idea. No idea how they returned home. What's worse is they returned home. A short time later, he got a call from his mother. He left Kathy at home, went to his mother's apartment building and she met him at the front door. She introduced him to the doorman, Dick Thomson, explaining that Charles intended to study while he was here. Like You know, just nice little casual convo. Yeah. The two of them went up to the fifth floor apartment and once inside he wasted no time killing his mother. It is unclear exactly what happened. Like in what all order.


It all happened because there was actually no autopsy done on his mother, which I'm a little confused about. That's strange. But authorities found a length of black rubber hose at the scene and assumed she was strangled. But there was also a severe injury to the back of her skull, which Gary Lavergne notes quote is commonly interpreted to be a gunshot wound. But he said no autopsy was performed on Margaret. And those reports cannot be positively confirmed. But he also stabbed his mother in the chest with a large hunting knife. Wow. So she was either shot, shot, strangled, or or stabbed or all through like she was all those things.


But one of the who, who knows what the cause of death was. That's insane. I do wonder why she didn't I know. Sometimes people can put it in their will, but they don't want an autopsy. Autopsy, autopsy did. So maybe this is obviously a complete speculation, but because she had been suffering at the hands of her husband for so long, maybe she was worried that like that might end her life someday. And she didn't want something to happen to him. Maybe because she wanted him to be like around for the kids. Yeah. You know. I know. But I am. Because that's so strange that they just, that they didn't do an autopsy on a murder victim. That's what blows my mind. It's like what? Like I would think like nine out of 10 times. Well, and before leaving the apartment, he, Charles washed his hands, then sat down at the table and wrote a note.


He wrote, I have just taken my mother's life. I am very upset over having done it. However I feel if there is a heaven, she's definitely there now. And if there is no life after, I have relieved her of her suffering here on earth. Wow. And once he'd finished the note, he carried his mother to her bed, covered her body with the bedspread, and left the apartment around 1:45 AM It's just so bizarre. It's so bizarre. And it's so like it's, it seems like he's so removed from the situation, but one part of him is still so connected. And connected. Like placing her in bed. Yeah. You know.


And to think that like he re relieved her of suffering. Yeah. It's very disordered thinking. After inflicting the most amount of suffering. It's bizarre. It is. Now, he returned home around 2:15 AM and entered the house very quietly. He snuck up to the bed where Ka was sleeping in their bed, pulled back the covers and stabbed her in the chest with the hunting knife five times in rapid succession, killing her almost immediately. Oh my God. Now with Ka murdered, he replaced the bedding and covered her back up.


And then went back to the letter he started writing earlier on the typewriter and in the margins he wrote 3:00 AM both dead. Isn't that chilling? It's just so callous now. He had killed the two most important people in his life. Yeah. It's a, I don't know if it's like he, 'cause he says he doesn't know why he did it. Yeah. It's like, did he, but part of me just wonders did he do it so that they didn't have to be aware of what he did afterwards? Maybe like what he was planning on. Maybe And I don't, maybe he didn't even realize if that was the reason. Subconsciously that was it or something. It was, he had such disordered thinking that there's like really no way to tell.


No, there's not. And he sat down at the table again and he wrote three more notes to his brothers and father. And then he prepared for the next step. Now the most shocking, I mean there's so many shocking things about this case, but the way that he was so prepared, like I said, he didn't go into things half-cocked at. That's what one of his friends friends said. Not he didn't, he was very prepared for this. This was not the impulsive act of a desperate man. He had planned meticulously for his trip to the UTA campus. And he intended to be there for a long time. Really. After finishing his notes to his brothers and father, he went to the garage to get his old military foot locker.


And into that foot locker, he loaded supplies including three and a half gallons of water, three and a half gallons of gasoline, a hatchet and machete, an alarm clock, several hunting knives, 12 cans of different food, tons of lengths of rope. He also packed a 35 millimeter Remington rifle. An illegally customized 12 gauge shotgun. A six millimeter Remington bolt action rifle. A 3 57 Magnum revolver. A nine millimeter lu. I think it's a Luger, I don't know. I don't, I think it's a Luger pistol. And a 30 caliber caliber M1 carbine capable of rapid firing.


Okay. That's what he's bringing with him. Charles left his house a little after 7:00 AM and went into the direction of the UTA camp campus. But he stopped at the hardware store on on the way and rented a two wheel dolly to transport all this gear. Then he stopped at the bank and cashed two checks in the amount of 1 25 each. Okay. Then he was like, You, know what? I don't think I have enough gums and ammo. So he made three more stops at Davis Hardware where he bought another 30 caliber carbine and several more boxes of ammo. Sorry. Is that a gun? I believe so. Okay. Then at Chuck's gun shop, he bought more ammo on top of that.


And then he stopped at the local Sears and bought a pump action shotgun and more ammo. The fact that you could buy a shotgun at Sears is absolutely mind boggling. That's, it's Texas. All I think of is and mean girls when she goes, you could try Sears. That's, I was thinking that too. My God, you could try Sears. That's how much this man is bringing three more stops to get three more giant things of ammo and at least two more guns when he already has at least what? Like an absurd amount impact with him in a nuts amount of ammo. Yeah. And like canned food. Oh yeah. And like three and a half gallons of water. When I say he was planning to be there for a while, he was planning to be there for a while. He was gonna cause some damage.


And he does. I mean, yeah. But he was planning to do even more. It seems like he was planning to be there for like days. Oh, I think he was. And honestly, he made a, he made it really hard for them to stop him. Really? He had thought of every single thing in this, and it was people got hurt trying to stop him. People died trying to stop him. Yeah. Like police officers. So while checking out at Sears, it occurred to Charles that actually he hadn't made any attempt to explain why his mother wouldn't be in work that day, and that they would end up wondering why she wasn't there. And that could interrupt his plans because he planned to be there for a long time and he didn't wanna be interrupted by them trying to figure out where she was.


So he drove back to the apartment. He placed a call to his mother's boss, told them she was sick and wouldn't be in that day. Then he rearranged everything in the foot locker, packed it all back up, and he was on his way at about 11:00 AM And what about Kathy? Nobody's gonna be looking for Kathy. Apparently that didn't strike. Cross his mind. He arrived at the campus a little before 11:00 AM and he used the two wheel dolly and made his way towards the little guard shack at the foot of the tower. Now, when asked his purpose in the tower, he explained that he was there to deliver some equipment and he showed them his campus ID card. And because he had been given lab access as part of his studies, his campus Id actually indicated that he was responsible for transporting large equipment.


So the guard had literally no reason to believe that this anything was anything other than what he was saying. It was, I have to bring equipment up there. Why would you? He's allowed to do anything else allowed. Yeah. And again, at this point, school shootings weren't a thing. Oh, mass shootings. Mass at this was not a thing. So he allowed him to enter the tower, and once inside he started, Charles started frantically pressing the button for the elevator and it didn't feel it wasn't working. So finally the woman at the reception desk was like, oh, I got you. And she switched on the power and the elevator came on. He looked at her and said, thank you, ma'am. You don't know how happy that makes me. Oh, that just made my stomach stink. Then before he entered the elevator, he turned around and shot and killed the receptionist, Edna Townsley.


And then dragged her body behind the desk so that no one would find her. Oh my God. So after she turned on the elevator for him and he said, thank you so much, ma'am, that makes me really happy. Boom. Gone. Yeah. Riding the elevator to the top of the tower. He barricaded the door behind him and then stepped out onto the observation deck and set out the equipment all over the place. The first rifle shot rang out at 1148 8:00 AM Shelton Williams, who was a senior at the school recalled a lot of people thought it was a car backfiring. I attribute this to the fact that I'm from West Texas, but I knew immediately that it was gunshots. The first person to be hit was Marguerite Lampor, who was a 45-year-old tourist visiting the campus that afternoon with her family.


Oh God. Her nephew, mark. Mark Gabor was also shocked, struck with a bullet. The family had planned to view the city from the top of the tower, and they were super frustrated 'cause they found the door barricaded. Right. So Mark and his brother started pushing aside some things that were in front of the door and Whitman fired at them through the door with a pump action shotgun. Mark and Marguerite were killed almost instantly, and several other family members were wounded. The first call to police came in just after the shooting started and officers were dispatched to the scene. John Pipkin, a senior at UTA remembered being in a nearby cafe when it all started. He said, we were eating sandwiches.


When some guy busts open the door and jumps up on the bar and starts screaming for everybody's attention. He's yelling, you gotta hear what I'm saying. There's a sniper up on the tower and he's shooting people. Everybody in the place starts laughing and saying, yeah, right. A Sniper in the Tower. Let's drink to the sniper. So everybody raises their beers and makes a big joke of it. And about that same time, we suddenly started hearing sirens. Oh my God. Mass shootings were so fucking non-existent that this was a joke. It was laughable. If someone ran into a place today and said someone shooting, oh, everybody would go running. Not a one person would think. That's a joke. Not a one person.


No. No way. But everybody raised their glasses and said to the Sniper in the Tower, that's how non-existent these were. It's, yeah. Wow. Now what's from his position so high in the tower, Charles could never have seen the faces of the people he was shooting at. He was just firing indiscriminately. And like you said, he was better at shooting a moving target. Oh yeah. He was a sharpshooter. Right. Freshman, David Bayless said, I ran towards bats Hall. And. I just gotten inside. When the bell rang, people started pouring out of the classrooms. It was lunchtime and everyone was in a hurry. He actually tried to stop all the other students from walking out directly into the line of fire, telling everyone, someone shooting out of the tower.


No one believed him, and they all just pushed past him and walked right out into the line of fire. Oh. And to feel that helpless. Yeah. Like you're trying and no one's be. And again, what do you do to make people believe you? That's how non-existent this was. Wow. No one believed him. If someone said that today, the entire thing would go into lockdown. We barricaded to the door. Yeah. As it should. But by the time it became clear that he was telling the truth, it was too late. And the quad exploded into chaos. People were running in every direction trying to find any kind of cover. Junior, Bob Higley said he was killing indiscriminately, aiming, aiming wherever he saw targets, riding their bicycles, looking out windows, walking down the drag. 18-year-old Paul Sontag was shot next and was killed instantly just walking.


And his body fell right in front of the university Co-op and his girlfriend, Claudia Rutt was walking next to him and she was also killed and shot and killed instantly. Oh my God. By then, most of the students who were able to able to had escaped And. I had gone to safety somewhere, but there were still so many others who were just now pinned down by the gunfire. And they were terrified to move. Yeah. Because if he saw you move, he was shooting you. So some of them were just pretending to be dead on the ground, just hoping that he wouldn't shoot in their direction. They're just trying not to move a muscle. And some of them had found hiding spots, but they were hiding spots where they couldn't get somewhere else. So they were just hiding behind something and they couldn't get out of there.


Michael Hall, who was a history professor at the time, said to my left, there were three live oak trees. A young man was crouched down behind one of them, his fingertips touching the bark, terrified, staring up at the tower. It just like paints such a picture. It does. And like the students and faculty on the quad, the officers who came to the scene couldn't get very close. 'cause they were targets as well. Right. As one reporter described it, blood literally ran on down on the sidewalks throughout the sprawling campus as the sniper picked off victim after victim. Charles had planned his assault very well and had set up stations around the observation deck, which allowed him to move quickly from one station to the other and could fire in multiple directions so no one, especially law enforcement, knew where the next shot was coming from.


And they probably assumed like it was multiple people. Yeah. They had no idea. So they would be approaching from one end. He's shooting outta the other. He can shoot from that in a second. Right. And so it made getting closer to the tower, very risky and almost impossible. Claire Wilson and her boyfriend, Tom Eckman, they hadn't heard the shots when it actually began. They had been drinking coffee at a cafe like nearby, and they decided they were gonna put another nickel in their parking meter before it ran out. And they were just gonna walk across the campus. So she said we were walking across the South Mall holding hands when all of a sudden I felt like I'd stepped on a live wire, like I'd been electrocuted. And this is, she told a reporter in 2006, I was eight months pregnant at the time.


Oh my God. And Tom reached out for Claire, but then he was hit too, and they both fell to the ground. She said, Tom never said another word. I was lying next to him on the pavement. And I called out to him. But I knew he was dead. Later when it was all over, she also lost the baby. Oh my God. That's heartbreaking. Or say he killed the baby. Yeah. Despite all the chaos going around the quad, there were still some people who didn't even realize what was happening. It was the mid 1960s and the anti-war movement was beginning to gain momentum, especially on college campuses in the us. So people were just becoming kind of accustomed to seeing protests and other public events around them in these environments.


So Claire recalled a conservative looking guy in a suit, walked by And I, yelled at him, please get a doctor. He looked annoyed and said, get up. What do you think you're doing? I think he thought it was Gorilla Theater because we had started doing things like that to bring attention to the war in Vietnam. Oh. The conservative man didn't know what was going on. But when 33-year-old math professor Robert Boyer saw Claire and Tom fall to the pavement, they immediately knew something was wrong. And he ran for help. Robert's friend, Alfred Child remembered Boyer as a free spirit by choice and inclination and told a reporter he did not believe Americans were gentle enough and that they were far too competitive, aggressive, and easily swayed sword war and killing.


Yep. Seeing two young people in obvious trouble. Robert ran in their direction to offer help, but before he could reach them, a bullet hit his abdomen. His kidney was absolutely destroyed and there was extensive internal damage. It sent him flying across the steps that led up to the tower and his body landed at the foot of the Jefferson Davis statue and he died a few minutes later just trying to save students. And minutes later, after witnessing the carnage unfolding in front of him, 22-year-old Austin police officer Billy Speed decided, I'm not fucking waiting anymore. Like they were all hiding. 'cause they were trying to figure out some kind of plan to get up to the tower.


They didn't wanna all just run out at once. That would cause more chaos. Right. But Billy Speed was like, fuck that. I'm going to take this guy out. Gotta do something. Guy. He's 22. Wow. With a fellow officer providing cover fire. Billy and this other officer, Jerry Culp, made a break for the tower and got, as far as the Davis statue when Charles saw the two men and took aim just as they were able to hide behind the base of the statue. The first shot hit the base and exploded the base like concrete flying everywhere. Holy shit. The second shot hit speed near the right shoulder, but the bullet traveled to his chest and sent him just flat on his face. Oh no. And at first, the other officers were like, oh, he got hit in the shoulder.


Like that's he'll be okay. That sucks. But like he'll be okay. But then they saw that his uniform was just soaking in blood. Charles changed position at this point 'cause he hit his target. That gave the officers the opportunity to pull Billy to safe to at least a safe location out of the sun in the line of fire. And several civilians, including one, one nurse ran over to them to try to provide aid and try to make Billy comfortable at least. but they tried. Billy speed died a short time later. And it's like these civilians all ran up to him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like people were trying to help each other their, right. Now again, it's understandable that the officers at the scene were hesitant to advance too quickly and risk more injuries.


I mean, yeah, because they also don't wanna run out and endanger the people around them if he starts shooting wildly. Yeah. Or run out of officers. Yeah. But after Officer Speed was killed, it seemed that a lot of the other officers lost any inhibition and became determined to get to the tower and stop him. One officer asked the commanding officer if they should shoot on site, and the officer replied, you shoot the shit out of him. Yeah. While the officer began making a plan to reach the tower, Charles kept firing from various points. Nearly an hour had passed already. Holy shit. And his remaining time in, in the remaining time he had, he would end up killing 29-year-old Roy Smith, who was an electrician who tried to run to his truck for cover.


Oh, Harry Walchuk, who was a graduate student hiding near a newsstand, Thomas Ashton, who was a student attend, attending a Peace Corps training co class. Oh my God. Thomas Carr, a young man who was walking down the street, just walking down the street, just taking a walk. And Whitman's final victim was Karen Griffith, who was a 17-year-old who was shot and ended up dying a week later from her injuries. Oh God. Now finally, after more than an hour and a half, four officers managed to make their way into the tower with underground tunnels. Oh wow. Two of the officers guarded the front door while officers Ramiro Martinez and Houston McCoy started climbing up the stairs slowly.


And once they made it up to the top floor, they just made like crept up to the door. And then they just burst into the observation deck. But as soon as he heard the sound, Charles whipped around and immediately prepared to fire. But before he could, officer Martinez just quickly fired six shots in his direction. All six shots missed. But it was like a quick like boom, boom, boom, boom. You know, like just whatever they could do. It did do something though because it forced Whitman to lower his weapon long enough that the other Officer McCoy aimed a shotgun and fired at his head. And it actually, in quotes, tore away his left side of his head.


Wow. Now, Charles Whitman's rampage at the UTA campus lasted a total of 96 minutes. Oh my God. Which is a long fucking time. 96 minutes. In that time, he killed 14 people on that campus and wounded 31 others before he was finally shot and killed by police. Wow. When the ordeal was finally over in all 17 people were dead because his wife and mother and himself. But at this point, everybody was like, what the fuck happened? Why did he do this? And how was he able to like, I can't imagine the amount of questions people had. Yeah. And like we talked about before, unfortunately now mass shootings are a daily occurrence, which is fucking awful.


But in the 1960s they were so fucking rare. And I mean like non-existence. So his actions literally bewildered everyone. Of course, nobody knew what to even think of this. Within a day of the tragedy, various law enforcement agencies in Texas were dispatched to gather information about him hoping that something in his history or recent interactions with friends, associates, employers, anything might explain something to do with this. Right. And those interviews did provide some insight. And what they found was this man had been slowly unraveling for months leading up to this shooting. Right. Like You know. But more often than not, his friends and family were just as stunned as everyone else.


And two decades later, Charles's brother Patrick were called the complete panic and confusion that he felt when he learned what happened. He said, I went in to listen to the tv, but the news bulletin didn't come right back. So I called the station And I asked them to repeat the news bulletin at first. They wouldn't repeat it. So I said, my name is Patrick Whitman, would you please repeat it? Then I broke up and went and got my father. From then on, it was turmoil. They had to sedate me. Wow. Yeah. Oh God. And he was already going through his own stuff, going through it too. Like he had run away from home. Yeah. And again, other than like comments from people about like his academic struggles, his employment issues, the marital problems, like everyone was like, but why did you snap like this?


This is a big did. Why did you go to the school? And that's why are you killing innocent people? Like what are you doing? Right. And why are you like your mother and your wife, the two people who supported you the most? And it's just like, how did it get this bad? Like you planned this out. How did you get this bad? The brain is a very fragile organ. Yeah. So Ca Whitman had to sign off on the autopsy for Charles Whitman his father, because they wanted to determine whether he had a neurological condition or some o other biological impairment that could even somewhat explain how something like this could happen. But the problem was the shotgun blast had obliterated a big chunk of his brain, his head.


Yeah. And according to the medical report presented to the governor's office, all of the pieces of the brain were not recovered for the examination. The doctors who performed the autopsy did identify a malignant glioblastoma in the right temporal lobe that they believe could have accounted for some abnormal aggressive behavior, I'll say. Yeah. But that being said, the consulting neurologists were, did acknowledge pretty quickly that yes, there was a presence of a tumor, but they said the application of existing knowledge of organic brain function does not enable us to explain the actions of Whitman on August 1st. So basically they're saying like, yeah, he has a brain tumor that we found not everybody with a brain tumor is gonna do this.


And like he aggressive behavior. Absolutely. Like that can happen. Yes, for sure. But like this, they're like, we, we don't have any precedent that says that this is what happens. Right. When you have this kind of brain tumor You know what I mean? They're like Exactly. They're like, take it and add it into all the other things that are going on and the different injuries to the head. Like the diff You know the, the history of abuse, the the G accident, the Yeah, sure. Take all that into consideration. But this alone is just this alone. You know. And the years that followed, people continue to struggle to understand why women had done all this. But just as many were happy to put the whole thing thing completely behind them. They didn't even want to talk about it anymore.


Reporter Robert Hurd told the Austin Statesman in 1996, quote, it's worn out. Its welcome as something to talk about, if ever it had one in the first place. So he You know, he thinks like we should stop talking about it. I don't think so. Disagree in a big way. Still haven't figured out why he did it. So I feel like that's like a pretty important thing to talk about. Absolutely. And Gary Lavergne who wrote the book that we will cite in the, in the show notes, he disagrees with that sentiment. Yeah. He can understand the sentiment, but he was like, you need to talk about it. You can't just not talk about tragedies and expect them to disappear. Yeah. He said superficially, you could say the city and the university are in a state of denial.


People don't want to go back over it. And the university actually shut down access to the tower immediately after this. And it was closed to the public for nearly a year before the Board of Regents voted to open it June, 1967. It wasn't long though. And this is really tragic that before a number of students committed suicide, but jumping from the observation deck in the years after that, oh God. So the top floor was once again closed to the public for decades. Literally. You can understand why. Yeah. A former student, Larry Faulkner said in 2006, the university stance has always seemed to be to try to erase what had happened. It was like an injury that would never heal. And honestly, he's pretty right because the University of Texas and nearly all of Austin for that matter, seemed to just want it to go away disappear.


He just won. They wanted everyone to move on. Which I can understand that sentiment for sure. Like nobody wants to relive a tragedy in your, especially in your hometown forever. Yeah. But you can't erase it. Well, you have to acknowledge it. Yeah. You have to acknow it. I acknowledge it. And you have to acknowledge everybody that lost their lives. Exactly. You know. Like, you can't just pretend that didn't happen. Right. Unfortunately, that's, that's not fair. You gotta learn from it is what you need to do and move forward. Yeah. It wasn't until 2016 that the university formerly acknowledged the tragedy. They hadn't even acknowledged it. Really. 2016, that's when they placed a plaque about a half block away from the tower. Took a long time. That's ridiculous. And the plaque says the University of Texas at Austin remembers with profound so sorrow the tragedy of August 1st, 1966.


This space is dedicated as the Tower garden, a memorial to those who died to those who were wounded, and to the countless other victims who are measurably affected by the tragedy. That should have been there long time ago in 19 67, 68 at the latest. But as for why he decided and chose to murder 16 people that day, that day of all days. Nobody has figured it out to. They, we can speculate, like we can say all these things put together, but like a lot of people go through things. Yeah. But some people do just break. Yeah. And there's gotta be something to it.


And, I think someday we'll find something in the brain that disconnects from another area of the brain. Yeah. But it's like, now that it's so common, unfortunately there's gotta be some kind of shared piece of disruption internally that's, that people are going through. That's the thing. Because even now we can't pinpoint right why this happens and why is it happening so much now, And I, like what? None of us can say that. It's like, are we spending enough time like studying this area? I know, You know. Like, are we looking at the right things? It's like that's so hard to, I don't know. Wow. Yeah. Wow. What a, what a case. Yeah. It's a, it's a tough one.


It is a tough one. And I. Definitely think it's important to kind of end on a note if, if you or someone You know is suicidal or an emotional distress, you guys should consider using the 9 8 8 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline. You can call or text nine eight eight or even chat online to connect with a trained crisis counselor. And the lifeline provides 24 hour confidential support to anybody in suicidal crisis or emotional distress. And there's also the substance abuse and mental health services administration. That national helpline, you can call 1-800-662-HELP, which is 4 3 5 7. Again, that's 1-800-662-FOUR 3 5 7. Or you can text help for you to 4 3 5 7 4 8.


Yeah. And we love you. And we love you. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. I don't, I'm not gonna do one for this one. Yeah. Yeah. Love you. Love you.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Hirsh, I'm Peter Franco Pan. And in our series Legacy, we look at the lives of some of the most famous people to have ever lived and ask if they have the reputation they deserve. In this series, we look at j Edgar Hoover. He was the director of the FBI for half a century, an immensely powerful political figure. He was said to know everything about everyone. He held the ear of eight presidents and terrified them all. When asked why he didn't fire Hoover, JFK replied, you don't fire God. From chasing gangsters to pursuing communists to relentlessly persecuting Dr. Martin Luther King and civil rights activists, Hoover's dirty tricks. Tactics have been endlessly echoed in the years since. His death and his political playbook still shapes American politics today. Follow Legacy now wherever you listen to podcasts.