
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


What if death is only the beginning? In 1950s, England, a Milkman's daughter's lives are tragically cut short. When his wife later becomes pregnant, he makes a claim that is frankly eerie. He says that his newborn twins are his dead daughters. Reincarnated. Andy says he has proof. A true story hosted by writer, director, and Emmy nominated actor Will Sharp. This is extra sensory and Apple original podcast produced by Blanchard House Apple TV Plus subscribers get special early access to the entire season. Follow and listen on Apple podcasts.


Hey weirdos, I have to tell you about this. All In one shake, That I am loving. It's called Kaba. And It is Hands down The. best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything. That your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. My, personal favorites. If. you know me You. know vanilla And. chai I like to do half, half. Boom. Vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And, then I, Know, That. I'm starting my day. Energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients. That, I need to put In my body. first thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy. I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In, and it's just like scrumptious Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka java.com/ Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V-A and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid. I love Ka Java.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. This is Morbid. It's more bed at Ash's house. and it, it's all different. Remix remix. Freaky remix. We have some construction happening in my house, so Yeah. Luckily we have a second recording location. Yes. I need to work on getting this like a little more soundproof, but all the sound proofy things that I found, I don't like, like they're ugly.


I don't like the aesthetic of them, the aesthetic. So I have to, I'm I'm gonna work on it. Yeah, you just gotta get some like bookshelves and Yeah, yeah. Kinda thing. Exactly. There's actually gonna be some construction going on at my house in like November. So hopefully they're done with your construction. Yeah. We'll be switching back over to Exactly to the other house. All the construction, mocho construction guys. It's still spooky season. It's still spooky season. We went to our first haunted house of the season. Yes. Barrett. Which is, it's always Barretts. You're wearing your sweatpants. I am. I'm wearing my Barrett's sweatpants. They're really comfy Barrett. They're so comfy. Yeah. Barrett's in Abington. It's in Abington, right? I think so, yeah. Yeah. It's like behind the Abington Ale house. It is. It's top notch. The best haunted house on the planet.


I believe it. Really? They do. They tear the shit down every year and rebuild it to completely new. Yeah. And they do a fucking phenomenal job this year. The theme is gameplay. Oh. And there's all these rooms, like, like little like gaming areas. Yeah. It's super, it's just so well done. They, and I think they spend like months getting these sets together and you and it, you can tell. Yeah. And all the actors like the makeup they do, it's all like topnotch. The process is just really impressive. So if you're looking for a haunted house in the New England area, that's your, that's your guy parents, man. You gotta go. Yeah, we're gonna do a couple more. Yeah. We were a little lackadaisical this this year.


We were, well we got like, you know, sidetracked. Yeah. With Covid. We got sidetracked with the book tour. I know. And now we gotta make up for it. We do. We only do a couple more weekends. I know. We only have, I guess we have three. Technically I feel like we never go on Halloween weekend. Yeah. We really don't. I feel like it's too crazy, but maybe we will this year. Maybe we'll change it up. It'll be crazy. Where are we gonna go? Yeah. I also went to a cat show this weekend. You sure did. I took the kids to the cat show and me and my cousin Drew and all the kids, I was like, let's go to a fucking cat show. Yeah. And I fought every single urge within my body to not bring home another cat. Because I, I mean, yeah. Like if you have four cats go off. I can't go off.


I can't live a four cat life. I can't do it. And, and my cats will not live a four cat life. No. I think Franklin would just eat another cat if we brought one home. But they had those, those like Scottish, like smooshy ones. Oh, those are so cute. Yeah, they are. They are really cute. And I think they have a lot of health problems 'cause Oh no, they're like an English bulldog. Yeah. I think they're like inter breeded. So they're like, like it's not cool actually. It's not cool. Yeah. Like they're super cute, but it's not cool. But I'm like, I I wanna save you. I know. Yeah. Oh, exactly. I was like, I was waiting for you to pick that up. I just scream in the cat face. Same name scream the something corporate song into a cat space that, that's ash energy.


Do that today. If you happen Poor one out free Scottish cat and sing in your own cat face. I think there's something corporate George just ended actually. So I just saw that our friend Connor posted and said, we did it. We love Connor. I said, you did fucking do it. You did fucking it. You did all it. Yeah, you did. You made our lives. Hell yeah. I know. We need to like, there, there's things to be done still. Yeah. There's work be done. There's work to be done. There's guests to be had guests to be booed. But we don't wanna tell you. No, shut up. No, shut up. Imagine if I was serious. That'd be so sad. I would never tell you guys to shut up. I actually don't like the the phrase Shut up.


You don't. Rude. Yeah. It's a little rude. I if you hear my ice for a second, it's, we're all alive when we're drinking ice coffee. I made us, it's actually really funny to see you drinking coffee out of a mason jar. Yeah. 'cause it's not you. Aesthetically aesthetic mason jars are kind of my vibe right now. I love, this is good iced coffee. Oh, you're welcome. Oh, you're welcome. Oh, you're welcome. I do, I do make a pretty good iced coffee. You do. Except I realized this morning that literally all of my creamer was expired. That's true. Luckily I didn't realize it in the bad way. I said, oh, check those dates. And I checked and I said, oh, oh, oh. Three out of four. You gotta be quick. The trash in the Yeah, I know. Well, I think it's still spooky season.


I'm pretty sure it is. We'll never really know for sure when these No, when these publish. We're never gonna know when episodes are coming. Yeah. Sometimes, sometimes we look at Mikey and say, what, what day is this coming? Where? What day is, what's going on? Where am I? Hello. But you know, someday we'll know. Well, hopefully it's still spooky. 'cause I put a spooky case to you. Hopefully it's still spooky season. I think it is. Me and Dave Dio worked on this. Dao Dao. Exactly. This is Latoya Ammons and the demon house. The diamond house. The demon house. This is, if it starts to sound familiar to you at all, this is the case that the movie The Deliverance was based off of.


It's Glenn Close. Yes. Yeah. It's that one scene. It's that one scene that you're all thinking about right now. And if you're not thinking about it, go Google it. If you're not thinking about it, you, you can't have the internet. Yeah. Like you, you don't have the internet. You don't have the internet. But yeah. So it all started In January 2014 when a strange article appeared in the Indianapolis Star about Latoya Ammons and the Indiana single mother of three who claimed that for more than a year, she and her kids were absolutely besieged by demons in their rented house. Oh, damn. She claimed, among other things that the house was constantly infested with black flies. So right off the bat, you're haunted. Oh yeah.


The kids were levitated from their beds. Oh shit. Her 9-year-old son became possessed and walked up a wall backwards. Oh my. Which like you might say, that's silly. That didn't happen. Multiple people saw this happen that were like, I don't know how to explain what happened there. Whoa. And we'll get it, we'll get to that point. And that was just the beginning. By the end of just one year in this house, the family claimed that they were terrorized by all manner of supernatural assaults from ghostly apparitions to straight up demonic entities. Oh my. Yeah. Things were popping off at the house. Get Rachel, Steven in here. Rachel. Rachel, we need you. Yeah. Rachel could have cleared this shit up in a minute.


Hundred percent in a minute. Yeah. That's our girl. That's our girl, Rachel. So her story might have gone completely unnoticed if it wasn't for the surprising number of witnesses that actually saw these things. That's what takes this apart. Yeah. Like family, friends, police officers, social workers. It kind of reminded me of the house of flying objects that you just did. Yeah. Because like, people were like, people that you wouldn't expect to sign off on this. Yeah. Were signing off. Were signing, signing off. But still, Latoya obviously wasn't without skeptics or critics. People accused her of fabricating the story to get out of her lease. And others just assumed that she might've been straight up delusional. Yeah. But who knows what the explanation was for the cause of events. Either way. Probably one of the most terrifying paranormal experiences I've ever read of.


Damn. Yeah. Let's go, let's get into it. So in November, 2011, Latoya Ammons, her mother, Rosa Campbell and Latoya's, three children, 13-year-old Nate, 12-year-old Shante, and 7-year-old Andre moved into their new rental house on this quiet little tree lined residential street in Gary, Indiana. And that wasn't their real names, right? No, I'm actually using the names from the movie based on the case The. Deliverance that we were just saying because the kids' names aren't public. Yeah. But it would've gotten, and they're all minors super confusing. If I was like, child A, child B, child C. Yeah. And if they're not public, it's like, so I said movie, movie. But so the thing was, things hadn't really been like easy for Latoya in recent years. She was struggling to keep the kids on track in school, but, and among other things.


But the new house was an opportunity to kind of start fresh. And her main goal was to make good use of that opportunity. She was like, we got a new space. We're in a new area. Like let's go fresh start. Unfortunately, things did not work out that way in any way, shape, or form. Problems with the house started almost immediately. And it was early December when they started noticing swarms of these large black flies just gathering in the screened in porch. Which was unusual because house flies can't survive freezing temperatures. It was like Amityville. Yeah, exactly. But real. Yeah. And rows are remembered thinking this is not normal. We killed them and killed them and killed them, but they just kept coming back.


Ugh. Which is so gross. Yeah. And then other strange experiences followed pretty quickly a week or so after they noticed the flies, Latoya and Rosa started hearing just inexplicable noises in the house always after midnight, well, after the kids had gone to bed, and it sounded like someone with heavy footsteps was walking up the stairs from the basement into the kitchen. Fuck that. Which is what we heard our whole fucking, I was gonna say, that was my parents' house. You always heard pull and it sounded like work boots walking up the steps. And sometimes it was like, I would hear it in the basement like at like late at night, but then sometimes you would hear footsteps on like the main stairs too. Yeah. Which was, and you'd go over there and nothing was there.


Literally nothing. I wouldn't even go over there. I I was like way too scared. Ugh. But yeah, some they were like, is somebody breaking in the house? Like hello? Yeah. Because they would literally hear the door open and close, what the fuck. But they would come outta their bedrooms to investigate like you're brave ass. And there was no sign of anybody in the basement or the kitchen. But they did notice that when they would turn the kitchen light on to get a better look, it would flicker making a crackling sound for a time and then stop. Ooh. Which is like so creepy. That's horror movie shit. Literally a few days later, they both decided that they were gonna leave their bedroom doors open in the hope that they might catch a glimpse of whoever was climbing the stairs. Oh. Because they kept hearing it night after night.


So one night, a little after 3:00 AM Of course, of course Rosa was woken by the sound of footsteps, just like all the previous nights. And when she looked down into the living room, she saw the shadowy figure of a man just pacing back and forth. No. Yep, nope, yep. Just get, get rid of the whole house. Burn it down, burn it down, burn it to the ground. Yeah. So the next morning she went out to investigate and she went with Latoya and they found, quote, what looked like muddy footprints from a boot. I would assume someone broke in my house. That's what they thought. They Yeah, they 100% thought that like, completely concerned that someone might be breaking in. They ended up putting a lock on the basement door.


But on subsequent nights they would hear the footsteps climbing the stairs. They would also hear pounding on the door as if whatever it was was trying to get in the kitchen. What the fuck? Yeah. I literally have chills just, just talking about it. The pounding on the door, like, no, in the middle of the fucking night. Ugh. So they, they're like dealing with all this Latoya's trying to keep the kids on track in school. And she's also trying to keep these incidents from the kids. Not scared because scared the shit out of them. Yeah. They're young. But the speed at which things escalated made it impossible to hide the fact that something was obviously wrong with this house. One day, about a month after moving in, Shante got home from school and she went to put her things in her bedroom.


But when she tried to open her bedroom door, it wouldn't open. She said it was like as if somebody was holding it shut from the other side. Oh no. So after several tries to force the door, it finally popped open and there was nobody in the room. What the fuck? Like fuck. She probably assumed it was one of her younger siblings. Like fucking with her. Yeah. And then no one's in there and you're like, you're like, hello, hello. In my parents' house, we would've been like, oh, it, the door just swelled. Yeah, exactly. Actually we obviously, the amount of times we blamed like weird shit on the swollen doors in the house. Oh yeah. Just swelling doors or creaking or It's just the house settling. It's fine. Don't worry. Yeah. The middle of winter we're like, oh, it's, it's the doors. They're swollen. Yeah, they're just swollen. But the family also noticed that there were indications of a problem seemingly all over the house.


It wasn't just the basement, the kitchen, just like one bedroom everywhere. There's cell phones often failed to work despite full service. The picture on the television was constantly getting interrupted. And Latoya and Rosa had constant mechanical problems with their cars and the sticks to adjust. The Venetian blinds always seem to sway back and forth on their own. Ew. Which something about that. Yeah, that's, I just, that's ew. I don't like it. I don't like that at all. I don't like it. For Latoya, the most dis disturbing experience was learning the extent of what the children had experienced in the house. 'cause she's trying to keep this from Yeah, just like Rosa had seen shadowy figure, that shadowy figure in the living room.


The kids also saw what they believed to be spirits in the house. Oh no. Both boys. This is one of the scariest things you'll ever hear in your life. So buckle up, buttercups. Oh God. Both of the boys reported seeing an elderly lady in the backyard who they described as looking like, quote, walking death with red eyes. I got that feeling that like, or just like blooms out. Yep. The chills from within. Yep. Like the chill just came from the center of my stomach. And that's a, that's a wo. Yeah, that's just, but it didn't even feel like a warm 'cause to me that feels more warm. Okay. This was a, it was cold. Yeah, it was yucky. I'm gonna vomit.


Yeah. I don't like that at all. I think, I'm assuming that's probably what, like who? Glenn close his character. I haven't actually actually seen The. Deliverance. When you look at a picture of her character. Yes. Yeah. She looks like walking. She looks like walking death with red eyes. Yeah. And the youngest son, Andre, would spend a lot of time with a, what he said was a boy his own age, who he would like play and talk with. And according to Andre and Nate, the boy would typically appear in their closet. Yo, yo. Just the long call. Yo, just silence. That's just like in the, when a ghost appears in the closet, Uhuh, they have bad intentions. A hundred percent. 'cause no one, I'm not appearing in someone's closet in the afterlife unless I wanna fuck their world up.


You know? Who appeared in front of the closet for me in my life? She did. She did. Didn't have a body. She was just made of bones. See, and I can still see her in my mind. I am, here's the thing, I'm horrified that you witnessed that as a child. It hurts my soul. But I'm, it's a cool story though. Would kill to have the image in my head that you have. I wish. I wish, wish could, wish you could project it out. Yeah. I'm not an artist, so maybe I could talk to Sean. Yes. For mostly horror. Oh my God. Describe and describe her in vast detail. Yes. I think I could. I need, see, I think he could draw it. I'm gonna text him after this. Yeah. Sean, if you're listening, Sean, we're coming for you. She had like cotton candy hair. Like it was like white.


But it was like that texture. God, it was scary. Yo, you gotta write this down. I don't know why I'm in a place of yo right now, but I You need to, have you been hanging out with Caleb? You need to, I know, right? You need to write all these details down so he can make this. Because we all need to see the The actual vision. Yeah. Of this woman. It's so funny 'cause I have so many memories of like nightmares from when I was little that when I was little I didn't think were nightmares. Like I thought they were real. And then I'm Now you're like, were they real? They probably were. I have a lot of them. Like, that's scary. Yeah, it is. But then I'm also like, is it like the trauma? Trauma? I was gonna say, is it Tara? Is it trauma or a could be mix a nightmare.


I don't know. Could be a mix of both. I know for a fact that she didn't have a body. She was just made of bones. She's She was real. Oh, you said that from the time you were little. Yeah. Like that was, that was a, that's never changed. I drive by that building and I look up at the window and I'm like, and you're like, she's up there. Yeah. Where she is. I guarantee you interview if a fucking kid lived in that, they'll see she didn't have a body. She was just made a bones. Definitely. Yeah. A hundred percent. But that's the thing, I'm like a kid showing up in showing up in someone's closet means you mean business. Yeah. Because if I am in the afterlife that I'm showing up, there are some people in my pocket right now that I will show up in their closet. Oh, absolutely. and it will be me trying to fuck their whole world up.


Absolutely. So I wonder like how that works. Like how do you decide where, where you have to go? Like do you get to sign in for the day? Yeah. Like you're like, today I will be showing up in this person's closet and you have to like sign in. I kind of like that idea. So everybody knows where you are. Yeah. It's kinda like, I have this person's closet covered. It's like Beetlejuice sort of. Yeah. Like when they're all like newly deceased. Everyone's hanging out. I think it's something like that. I think so. There's an office for sure. And who I'm coming. Scary.


Well, Listening on Audible hubs, your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, and thousands of included audiobooks and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside any extra time. There is so much more to imagine when you listen. If you listen to these ads that I do, you know, right now I've been listening to Slew Foot listening to this title. When I'm in the car, it just makes me feel like I'm driving in a fantasy land. It's just like I'm, I'm transported into this series. It's so good. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500. 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp and this month is all about gratitude. So I wanna start off this ad by saying thank you to our producer Mikey, for all the hard work he puts into the show. And along with Mikey, there's another person that we really don't thank enough. You guys, that's ourselves. It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything. And in this crazy world that is not always easy. Here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. And you know, one great way to thank yourself is by spending time on yourself. And where do you spend time on yourself in therapy, honey, I have become a more calm person. Like way calmer than I used to be. And I feel like that's via therapy. Just having that one hour that I set aside every single week or you know, every other week, sometimes just dedicated to myself and growing as a human. I think that's really important. I think everybody should get at least one hour to themselves every week, don't you? If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Morbid.


Back to the aons haunting. 'cause it's so scary. The, for months, the activity just continued disrupting everybody's lives. And before long the paranormal activity started affecting the children physically. Oh no. They were experiencing, this is like so sad. They were experiencing regular bouts of vomiting, fevers, diarrhea, things that kept them from going to school. Oh no. Later Latoya also reported that she would discover blood on their pillow cases frequently. And she believed it was coming from their mouths. Oh my God. Yeah. Like something was up. Oh, this is so upsetting. And just like, so everybody knows I believe in this one, like the, we kind of like debunked the amityville horror there.


Yeah. Like it's already been debunked. So we talked about it. This one, I believe. This is scary. It's scary. And just the sheer number of people who witnessed some, like the things that Latoya was saying happened. Well that's what, that's what's really taking me for a ride is like that. This isn't, you know, like the house of flying objects where it's like there's one person in the room always. Yeah. And like, you know, you can at least somewhat be like, maybe it's a mixture of things or it could just be one thing or the other. Who knows? This seems like other people that are in higher positions that would go in as a skeptic because they have the best interest of like the children and everything in mind. Yeah. Are seemingly witnessing this like you're saying.


Yeah. So like have social workers and like police officers. Yeah. So that's interesting. Like literally writing things in their reports of like, yeah, this is inexplicable. That's scary. Yeah, it is. And then Rosa, her health started like a noticeable decline. She had three different kidney ailments that struck her one right after the other. Oh geez. And like living in this house up until that point, like before then she had been fine. And then she moves into this house and she starts having all these kidney problems. Oh, kidney shit is bad. Yeah. Whatever was happening in the house had already taken a serious toll on everybody's physical and emotional health. But things just continued to get worse and worse. Oh my God. How on March 10th, 2012, the family was all up late into the early hours of the morning.


They spent the day mourning the loss of a close family friend, unfortunately. And from the living room, Rosa heard Latoya screaming Mama, mama. So she went running to her daughter's bedroom where she witnessed 12-year-old Shante levitating several feet above her bed, completely unconscious. What the fuck? She said, I thought, what's going on? Why is this happening? And she immediately grabbed her Bible and the family surrounded Shante praying over her until she descended back onto the surface of the bed. What moments later she woke up with no memory of what had happened. She had no idea that that had just all happened. Holy shit. And people are like praying loudly around her and she didn't wake up and she's out cold until she like hit the bed.


And then Wow. Like woke up a little bit after, according to Latoya, the guests who were staying at the house that night left and refused to ever come back after the incident. Holy shit. Yeah. So other people saw this and are like, fuck that. And are like, I'm literally never stepping foot in that house again. Oh my God. It turned out that the levitation incident was just the beginning of the physical torment that the family was about to endure that weekend. Shante was sitting on the couch in the living room and she felt something grab her and yank her off the couch, throwing her to the floor a few hours later. So that same day, one of the boys was in the bathroom when he claimed something, grabbed him and jerked him to the floor. And this is like awful quote, pulling on his limbs and genitals.


What the fuck? Yeah. Like demon, demon activity. Holy shit. According to Rosa and Latoya, when they entered the bathroom after hearing his screams, they could see something pushing outward from the inside of his stomach. What? This is fucked up in every way imaginable. It's unreal. Holy shit. And then a few hours later, so again, same day, Shante was targeted again. This time she was lifted off the ground and thrown into the refrigerator. My God. Insane. It turned out that whatever these poor kids I know were were. And this poor parents like Jesus, just everybody in this house when this thing that's happening to their kids. And it's sadly, and this is not a family that can just like pack up and go to a hotel for like nights.


That's thing. It's not like, that's not, you know, an option for, for lot of people. Yeah. Like that's the thing. Like to just be like, oh, well fuck that. I guess we'll just go Right. Pay this rent and also pay for something else. Exactly. Yeah. And this is bigger family too. Yeah. This is five people. That's a lot. Damn. So it turned out whatever was harming Rosa, Latoya and the children also wasn't limiting it to just to the family. Later after family and friends left the memorial that they had at the house, several of them reported that something quote followed them home, giving them a heavy feeling or headache that took a couple weeks to finally dissipate. What, and this is multiple people who said this, and we'll get there in a little bit, but a police officer also claimed this Holy shit.


Yeah. It's interesting. Again, this isn't just this family being like, oh yeah, when no one's here, here, all this shit is happening. Then you're like, mm. Yeah. You know, no, people would come over and see shit and be like, I'm never going back to that house. And then they'd go and have their own ailments. Shit. Follow them. Oh my God. Crazy. That's terrifying. So it got to the point where no one wanted to come over and a lot of people weren't even down to like associate too closely with the family. Scared. 'cause they were scared. Scared. Yeah. So while Latoya and the kids had already endeared various forms of unexplained phenomena and forms of supernatural harassment, I guess you could call it, the incidents that occurred on or around March 10th were much more aggressive than any of the ones before.


My God. How Rosa Campbell told her daughter, we need help. We need to talk to somebody who knows how to deal with it. But neither woman knew precisely what it was. They were pretty convinced though that it was supernatural in nature. So they went to the church to try to rid their lives of this. Yeah. Which honestly, I'm not even a believer. And I think if all of this was happening to me, I might find a church. I don't even know. Like that's, and especially if you're already religious, you're already religious. Yeah. But of course like that's gonna be your, that's where you go, your outlet. So they started with the leadership at the church, they attended, but they were pretty disappointed to discover that while the clergy at their church were sympathetic, they didn't really take them very seriously and didn't That's fucked up.


It is serious. It is fucked up. Yeah. And they said like, sorry, we don't know what we can do to help. It's like, these are members of your congregation Yeah. That are coming to you. And isn't that like the whole point of you? Yeah. You're supposed to offer times of need. Yeah. You're supposed to offer your assistance. You would think and aren't like demons. Your thing to say. Also you're passing that donation basket around, I'm sure. Yeah. Like, come on, this poor family, like this mother with three children that she's taking care of by herself. Right. With a mother living with her. You're not gonna try to help. No. Like just come in and do a blessing. That's a, they just bless the house. You don't need to do an exorcism. You don't need to do anything crazy. Just come in and say most churches, like, I think a house blessing is pretty standard.


Standard. I was gonna say, I feel like every paranormal case that we like talk about where the church does get involved, they at least come down and do a blessing. Yeah. A lot of times they're like, yeah, I don't know what we can do, but we'll do the blessing. Yeah. I don't, it doesn't even sound like they did that for real. And that reminds me, if you guys haven't read the September house yet by Carissa Orlando, read it. Nice. Especially this spooky season. Yeah. Read it. Okay. It's a real fucking good book. And this made me think about it a little bit. Oh, okay. Yeah. So they were even more disappointed to find out that this was the case with all the other churches in the area. Cool. Like, they went and talked to multiple officials at multiple churches and all we're sorry to hear about what was going on. But they said they weren't in a position to assist with the paranormal.


Yeah. We can't come and just bless your house for you. No, we can't to make you feel better. We can't. And we won't. We can't, we can't make you feel better. Sorry. Sorry. Like, and that's fucked. You believe your whole life in something like this. Yeah. Then they don't help you in your time of need. They turn their back on you and this seems like a fucking demon. And isn't that the whole thing? Like the whole thing is like, demons suck. Let's get rid of them. I, I think so. Yeah. Isn't that the whole shebang? So it's like, I'm pretty sure you can't just come in and toss some holy water around. At least to make, maybe this will help make that family feel better. Yeah, exactly. Just like, you don't even need to be like a a, you know, an official ceremony or anything. Yeah. Just come in. Bless out. Doesn't have to be anything crazy. Yeah. Do anything.


Literally anything. But after failing to find literally any help within the churches in their area, Rosa called her mother Ruth and explained to her what was going on. And it just so happened that Ruth had a neighbor who quote belonged to a church that dealt with deliverance more than Rosa and Latoya's Baptist church. So the neighbor offered to speak with the pastor at her own church to see what they could do to help. Now while she waited to hear back from Ruth's neighbor, Latoya and Rosa took the advice of one local church and they cleaned the house from top to bottom with ammonia. And then they used olive oil to make the sign of the cross on every door and window. Okay. And they also performed a similar blessing on the children pouring the olive oil on their hands and feet and making the sign of the cross on their foreheads.


So desperate for any kind of answer. Latoya also re reached out to two local clairvoyance who informed her that quote, the family's H home was besieged by 200 demons. And the best thing they could do was move 200 demons. Which when you hear that, you're like, what the fuck? That's insane. But also, I feel like it kind of makes sense with the level that they're able to assault. Like it takes a lot of power. Yeah. Like even we were talking about like energy and shit, the house of flying objects. And that sounded like a poltergeist. Like that takes a lot of energy to build up. Yeah. It takes like weeks and weeks and it seems like this started happening to them, like almost immediately. A hundred demons, 200 demons.


And that the, these people are like, the only thing you can do is get the fuck outta here. And like, like ultimately. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. The explanation of the demonic infestation made sense to Latoya and Rosa because they were both about Christians, but they were barely scraping by as it was so moving. Oh, that kills me. Just wasn't financially feasible at that time. So instead they set up several altars around the house, draping end tables and white fabric, and adorning them with religious icons, statues, Bible, VA passages. And they also took the advice of the local clairvoyance and they burned sage in each room of the house from top to bottom until the smoke was so thick that it became difficult to breathe. I mean, that's not good.


Like they're desperate. Like that's, that's not good. Everybody. That's not good. Also, if you're s staging, you're supposed to have the windows open. I was gonna say isn't, it's not supposed to like build up in there. No. 'cause the whole thing is like, get it out. You're saging something out. So the, I'm pretty sure like the smoke carries it out also. Like, and again, like I've always said it like I'm, you practice whatever religion you feel, of course that I would never sway you against that or anything like that. But as someone who doesn't practice that religion or a religion, the idea of this like demon infested home and now all these altars are set up, it's gonna piss them off. Well no, it just, it, it is so chilling to think of. I'm like, this must have been the scariest setting of just this demonic chaos with all this religious paraphernalia around.


'cause like religious horror to me, I was just going to say is the scariest, like, because it just, the, the layers of it up the antique. Yeah. It just brings a different vibe to it. I love it. Same like it's, it really like really brings it to a place. Yeah. And this to me is like, but to think that this is real life. Yeah. Because I'm like, this is religious horror right here. Like setting up all the altars and shit. But then I'm like, oh my God, this was someone's existence. Yeah. And like three children. And like, that's so scary. And imagine just like going to sleep for the night. Yeah. Just like wrapping up the day in that house. In that house. That's scary. What's going on in that house? House? It's all set up now and you're at your like most vulnerable and they're all just desperate as hell.


And it's like, holy shit. I would be living at my friend's houses at that point. Yeah. I'd be couch surfing. Yeah. Seriously. But it's like, again, but your friends have distanced themselves because they're scared that they're gonna have things attached to them. And there's five people here. Like you can't just show up on somebody's doorstep. Entire family. People like most most people don't have friends that are like, yeah, all five of you can stay. Yeah. Like definitely. You know? Yeah. So to Latoya surprised the rituals performed around the house actually seemed like they worked for three days. Things in the amen's house were finally peaceful. No incidents, no activity. But the peace they experienced in the wake of the cleansing did not last long. After three days, the assault on the family worsened considerably. So I think it like pissed them off.


Yeah. The demons, according to Latoya, the demons. The demons. See I'm speaking of the demons of the diamonds. According to Latoya, she and each of her children experienced demonic possession. She said the kids' eyes bulged evil smiles crossed their faces and their voices would deepen every time it happened. No. Yeah. And she said she felt weak, lightheaded, and warm whenever a demon overtook her body. She said, you can tell it's something different. Something supernatural. I hate this. Soon after Andre took to spending his afternoon sitting in the closet with the ghost boy who often told him what it was like to be murdered.


Oh my GI have chills. That just will not evacuate. I like literally, I'm like, what? Like the fuck. Yeah. Like my littlest had ske tone that you all know, but ske tone. But Ske tone was just sitting there being like, I got a family. Yeah. And I'm gonna go visit my family. He said, I'm gonna leave. And he never came back. And he just left. And that's great. And he never, he was, he never, never scared anybody. Never said like, Hey, I was murdered. He just hung out. Yeah. You know, this little boy, if she told me like he was telling me what it's like to be murdered. No, I don't know what I'd do. No. Like I say, I'm like, oh, I would do, no, I don't know what I would do. No fucking, I think I'd just start crying. Yeah. For a long time. That is such an upsetting thing to think about.


Start crying and never stop. Yeah. Oh my God. And eventually the entity started moving from one child to another so quickly that Latoya and Rosa wouldn't have time to react before it moved from one to the other. Oh. Like if she was trying to get three kids in the car, she said one would run to the car and start kicking it. One would be res restraining, the other would be, and the other would be thrown to the grass. Then one would start cussing or saying it's time to kill do or doing some sort of demonic chant. Or one would stop and the other would pick up just where the other left off. What the fuck? Like, ugh. No. And she's just trying to like get them in the car to go somewhere for the day. No, no, no, no, no, no.


You know how hard it is to get three kids in the car son's possession. Yes. Like that. Yes I do. They essentially are possessed. They like, no matter what they're, and then you add possession. Constant state of needing an exorcism, trying to get them into the car. Yes. And then to add actual possession into it. No, no Uhuh, no thank you. No. Holy shit. And then when the entity would leave them, they would just immediately fall asleep like they were exhausted. Oh, that's so upsetting. It is sad. Yeah.


If you're like me, the safety of your home and loved ones isn't just a priority. It's your everything. The problem is, old school home security systems only take action once somebody's already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard outdoor protection. It's the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen. I personally use SimpliSafe and have for years and years at this point. And I just love that. I feel like peace of mind is like top priority for SimpliSafe when it comes to their customers. I have the most peace of mind that I have ever had with any home security system. And I've had other ones, but SimpliSafe is my number one favorite. Their cameras are super clear. Their app always loads so quickly. Like you're not sitting there being like, okay, is somebody at my front door or not? Boom up. You can see who's there. So protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


One of my absolute favorite things to do as the weather turns cooler is take out all my summer clothes from my closet and switch over into my comfy sweaters. My beautiful cardigans, my delicious soft sweatpants, all my fall clothes and whenever I think I need something new for fall clothes, I always, always, always had to quince so that when I open that little box, I can slip into a cozy sweater. Quince is known for their Mongolian cashmere sweaters that start from $50. And guys, it's not just that all quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. That includes beautiful leather jackets, cotton cardigans, soft denim, and so much more. I just bought two new pieces. I'm really excited for cardigans this season. I did get the Mongolian cashmere wide rib colored cardigan. It's gorgeous. Get cozy and Quince is high quality wardrobe essentials. Go to quince.com/ Morbid for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Morbid.


So by early April, the kids are missing school on a regular basis and the administrators actually became concerned about their wellbeing. So out of options and with literally no help coming from the church, Latoya took the kids to their primary care physician in the hope that he might know what to do. Yeah. Which I think to me, proves how desperate she, she. Yeah. She's going. Kid's doctor. The doctor, Dr. Jeffrey Ku, I believe it is said 20 years. And I've never heard anything like that in my life. I was scared myself when I walked into the room. Wow. So like it was visible what they were going through. Yeah. A reporter for the India Indianapolis Star was given access to the doctor's clinical notes from the visit.


And he describes quote, delusions of ghost in the home and quote hallucinations among the children and describes all of them as delusional. So, I mean, which he's looking at it from a point of view of like, I can't just sit here and be like, yeah, you have ghosts. Yeah. They're demons. I'm sure that's what's happening. He's seeing these kids going through it. Yeah. He's thinking child abuse. Exactly. And that's gotta be his first concern. It was, of course, unfortunately, like you can understand, and I understand that this was probably fucking horrifying from both sides. Like, but you can understand the doctor that he's looking, he's thinking of these kids and Yeah. You know, he's not in the house. And unfortunately Child Protective Services had they had a history with this family.


Yeah. They had been involved before. So the doctor's notes are clear that he believed them to be a family experiencing a mental health crisis. The statements from medical staff. and it is really sad. But, so he thinks that, but the statements from the medical staff and the office that day actually painted a different picture really according to one member of the staff who was later interviewed by DI think they're DCS now. Yeah. Department of Children's Services. According to one of those workers, during an interview, Latoya told the intake staff many stories, quote regarding demons and spirits. And that her home has various demons and evil spirits due to somebody dying in the home. But regarding the children's behavior, staff reported that during the examination, Latoya's youngest son was quote, lifted and thrown into the wall with nobody touching him.


Like medical staff saw this happen. Medical staff who worked, I don't know if they were all doctors or nurses, but like the staff that's there, the staff working at this office, like literally saw this with their own eyes and wrote it down. Whoa. Yeah. And that's the thing that makes me, 'cause those are the things that make me just go, what? Because like, you know, there's some parts of this where you go like, is is there severe mental health crisis happening? Of course happening here in like some like religious delusions and all that stuff. Like is that happening? Yep. And then you see something like that and you go, what the fuck is that? Right. Because how do you explain that? How do you explain that? Because you, if he like stumbled into the wall. Yeah, yeah. I'd be like, okay. Something that's probably a mental health crisis. Yeah. He was lifted and thrown into, thrown into, into the wall.


And there's a crazier thing that happens later that's just inexplicable. Other medical staff reported that this, the specific child was quote making growling noises and his eyes rolled into the back of his head. What? Which that I feel like you could kind of do on your own. Yeah. But still. But still. Yeah. The situation finally ended when Latoya wrapped her arms around him and he became limp and was placed on the bed, at which point the medical staff actually called 9 1 1. Yeah. 'cause what the fuck is going on? Yeah. They requested emergency services. So several minutes later an ambulance arrived along with seven or eight police officers, and the children were taken to the Methodist hospital in Gary. According to Rosa, when the boys came to in the hospital, Nate acted rationally, but Andre screamed and thrashed like resisting the medical staff.


This is so sad. It is. It's awful. At the same time, an anonymous call was placed to DCS and requested that the state open an investigation into the possible abuse of the amen's children for possible child abuse or neglect. The caller indicated their belief that Latoya was suffering from symptoms of mental illness and quote, the children were performing for her and she was encouraging their behavior, which is awful. But you can understand why somebody might think that, why somebody might have thought that if they're not seeing everything going on in this house, like all of this is behind closed doors. Yeah. And then they're just hearing reports of this. That's the thing I can understand that their job is to keep children safe.


Yeah. And I can understand that should be their job. Somebody calling worried about the kids. A hundred percent. Yeah. So DCS caseworker, Valerie Washington met the family at the hospital that day and opened the official case into the alleged abuse and neglect. At the same time all the children were physically examined and found to be free of any outward signs or of abuse. Okay. No bruises or anything like that. Meanwhile, Latoya was examined by staff at the Methodist hospital and determined to be of sound mind. See this is the stuff that makes me go, what the fuck is going on here? Right. It was only in her interviews with the children that Valerie Washington started to think something actually strange was happening within the family, if not the house itself.


Hmm. According to interview notes from a discussion with Shante, the girl told Washington that quote at times, she has weird thoughts and unnatural events take place in the home during the evening time. She also reported being thrown across the room and grabbed by dark shadows a few nights ago. That's horrifying. So scary. And for a child to be saying this is Yeah. So disturbing and shante's older, I think, I think I said at the top, she's 12. Yeah. So she's like, not like a little, little kid, just like making up a story. You know what I mean? Well, and that's the, and also it's like for Latoya to be, you know, you're gonna be looked at as possibly abusing these children. Absolutely. Or that you're going through mental health crisis. So if this is really happening, you are going out of sheer desperation because like, you know what you're gonna face.


Absolutely. and it, she's already faced it, but she was so desperate that she went for help. Right. When she could have just kept it to herself if that was what was really happening. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like if the abuse was happening. I completely agree. So it does tell you something that she was so desperate that she opened herself up to this Right. Knowing. 'cause she had to know Yeah. You know, this was gonna be the, the first thing they were gonna think of and she still opened up to it to be like, help please. Like, I don't know what to do. Yeah. Which is, and it so devastating and that's It is. Absolutely. And that's what's so sad about the fact that she went to all the churches She did first. Yeah. I think she was like, can we please like find some help here? Yeah. So I don't have to go this other route so I don't have to go somewhere else and get thought that I'm hurting my children.


Yeah. Like, that's awful. I can't imagine how that would feel at home. Because you hope no parent would ever do something like this to their children. No. Knowingly. You know, sometimes DCF does invest or DCS, they're like called a different thing. Yeah. A lot. I think here it's DCF F Yeah, I think so. But people call in cases to be assholes when like, oh yeah, abuse isn't happening. Absolutely. And people are investigating, so Yeah, for sure. Like you, they have to Yeah. But they're mandated reporters just so it's like she's, she knew she's going through it and she knew exactly. So by far the most unusual event, and this is fucking crazy by far, the most unusual event that day occurred while Andre was being interviewed by Valerie, Washington. He told hospital staff that quote, ghosts were attacking him and his brother.


But before he could finish his statement, he had a quote, weird grin and walked backwards up a wall to the ceiling. He then flipped over his grandmother landing on his feet. There were multiple people in this room, including the caseworker, Valerie Washington, who saw this happen. Okay. I can't explain this according, I can't explain this according to those in the room, he never let go of his grandmother's hand. So he held her hand, walked up backwards, walked up the wall backwards onto the ceiling, and flipped over her body. I am.


and it, if this, again, if this is just the family saying that this happened and no one else was there, and you're like, I would be like, that is the dumbest thing I've ever Right. Like I, that would be akin to the Amityville story where it's like too far. You know, Kathy Lutz got levitated up off the bed and then just levitated towards the closet. Yes. For no reason. Like that's silly. Good. Like, I'd be like, no one else was there except for, you know, George Lutz. Right. Why we think, and y'all are trying to make money on this, seeing that a social worker was in that room, witnessed it and wrote it in the report. Yes. Which puts their own job in danger. Yeah. 'cause it makes them look a little kooky. Kooky. And there was medical staff in the room who were like, what the fuck?


Yeah. No one else. And people aren't gonna be putting their whole fucking careers on the line here. No. To keep up with some hoax for no reason. And even like police officers were involved at this point, later in an interview with the police officers asked maybe if the boy had run up the wall or performed some kind of like, acrobatic because you got it. You're like, they were like, yeah, but they, everybody in the room insisted. No. He walked up the wall backwards and flipped over. One of the nurses at the hospital said he walked up the wall, flipped over and stood there. There's no way he could have done that. And when this happened, both Valerie Washington, the caseworker and the nurse who was attending to these children ran out of the room in fear, like ran out of the fucking hospital room.


Okay. Something's, there's 200 demons in this house. Like I'm 100. That's the thing. There's a lot of Damon. So like, it's happening. So when Washington and the nurse, they literally ran out of the room, terrified and grabbed a doctor and was like, I don't know what the fuck's going on, boy. Just walked on the ceiling. Yes. Like, let's, can we backwards, let's fix this. So they reported to the attending physician what everybody had just seen. And the doctor was like, yeah, fuck off. That didn't happen because like, how do you, which, which I would say the same thing. He's a man of science. Like, this man is being like, there's no fucking conceal away. He's like, I'm gonna fire both of you. Like how could you, he's, I'd be like, he's like, one of you doesn't even work here and you're fired. You're fired. He told the nurse, okay, so if I Andre walked up the wall backwards, then he'll do it again.


But he was not only unable to repeat the move, he had no memory of what even happened. The first time. He told the doctor, I didn't walk up a wall. I can't walk up a wall. What the fuck? And when he tried, he was unable to get his foot, like his footing or balance because like who can walk up a, it's one thing to like, it would even be shocking if like he ran up the wall and onto the ceiling and down. Yeah. Like that's an acrobatic move of like, someone show me how to do that. Yeah. Show me to be Rachel. But to walk backwards slowly up the wall and onto the ceiling where gravity makes that impossible. Yep. Like, and he's nine years old.


That's the thing. Like I'm pretty sure I said at the beginning, he was nine years old. Yeah. I'm trying to keep everybody's ages in check. Like, holy shit. But he's like, he's a, he's a bee. He's a bee. That would be like one of the girls just walking up the fucking wall backwards. Just walking on the ceiling. Yeah. Like that's just let me know if they do that. Anytime. It's a ceiling that gets me the fact that he walked all the way up the wall and onto the ceiling and then flipped back down. Yeah. Like gravity. Hello my friends. Yeah. But despite having witnessed the wall walking and generally believing the story of demonic possession, the nurse still admitted that the children's behavior was likely due, at least in part to mental illness. She was like, something's afoot here. Yeah. But I also think mental illness is playing. They may be driving into this them, to this mad, like whatever is happening in this house might be literally making them mad.


Absolutely. So that night, Latoya spent the night in the hospital with her youngest son while her mom returned home with the other children. The next day was Andre's birthday and he's in the hospital like going through this. So Rosa and the children came back to the hospital to celebrate. But the celebration was short-lived, oh no. Not long after they gathered in Andre's hospital room. Latoya got a call from Valerie Washington informing her that DCS decided it was in the best interest of the children to temporarily remove them from the home until the situation was resolved and there was a plan for their safety moving forward. And that's on his birthday, on his fucking birthday. Which I'm like, you couldn't have done it one fucking day later. That's the thing.


Like what? I get it. I know there's a murder. Like I was involved in DCS as a kid. Yeah. Like, I get it, but I don't know. And it's just like, and you can see why they came to that conclusion. Absolutely. Because obviously they might, this might not even like be against Latoya, you know what I mean? They're saying that home is unsafe. It's just, yeah. It's the safety of the kids. Like we watch something happen in that home that we can't explain. Right. And they need to be out of that house and you can't remove them from the house right now. So it's just such a, it's such a sad situation. It is awful. And all the kids are situation like getting so sick in that house that they can't even go to school. Like this is affecting their lives. Yeah. Like some part of their is their lives. Lives. Yeah. And Right.


But my goodness. But to be separated as a family, like, it's just so sad. And on your child's birthday, on your young, like your baby's birthday and he's in the hospital, he one has to spend his birthday in the hospital and two, he gets moved to like a foster home on his birthday. Oh, that's fucked. Latoya must have just been Yeah. Awful beside herself. So Latoya later told a reporter, it was obvious we were a team and we were beating it, whatever it was, we made it through together as a team and they separated us. Oh, that like breaks my heart. Yeah. She was like that. Like really breaks. That's a mom my heart. That's a single, that's a mama right there. Being like, this family is a fucking team. Yeah. It makes me wanna cry. Oh. Like that like breaks my heart. It really does. Yeah. Anything hearing about like DCS and foster care and stuff and like, it's traumatic families having to be separated.


It just like, it's such a sad thing. Yeah. And obviously that has to happen. It's necessary like sad like some kids Oh, in many cases need to be, that's the best thing that can happen. Yeah. But like, when you hear about it, it's never, it's always devastating no matter, no matter what. It's traumatic. Like. Well, that's the thing. Even if you were coming from this fucking awful environment, that's still devastating. That one you had to live that and now you have to live in the unknown. Right. As a kid. No. Who had no fucking business having to deal with that. I know. I actually like, like I just said, I was involved in DCF F and luckily I never had to go to foster care. 'cause I had like you and Ma and Papa. Yeah. But I think about fostering sometimes just to like give back to just to and just to That's like that, that, that's like them hoffer them hoffs.


If you didn't hear it in the other episode. Yes. I'm, I'm on the Hoffer train this year. I fucking love the Hoffs. They're just like, they're a perfect shining example of, you know, a lovely foster family. and it takes like, just just a sidebar here. It takes such a specific human to be able to do that because Yeah. If you're a foster parent, fucking kudos kus. Billions and billions of kudos. Yeah. 'cause they will get like a newborn in the middle of the night and then you bond with that baby. And then sometimes and you know what they're coming from and you Know That. And sometimes you have to give that baby back. And obviously the, the goal most of the time is to re, for dcf F is to reunite. Oh yeah. Parent. That's the main goal.


Which in my opinion is not, shouldn't always be the goal, but, oh. But knowing fights, right. That knowing as a foster parent that like that's the goal. And that you may have to like, you gotta be like, what a selfless human being you have to be to just be like, I wanna make this child's life as loving and beautiful as I can for the time I have them. Yeah. But then I'm just gonna have to put my own like devastation aside and sever that bond. Yeah. To give them back to like continue their life. Right. Like, fuck, you have to see be such a selfless person. And also, but then there's assholes who completely use the foster kids and are just in it for the money.


Yeah. Like we were talking about a couple cases ago, they were foster parents and you're like, hello. You really get like the best and the worst. Yeah. I think I would just end up with 45 million kids. 'cause I be like, that's adopt this one too at the top though. Yeah. 18 kids. Let's go. I couldn't even, I don't even think I could foster an animal. And it's just, and it's because I just will the giving them end up with all of them. Like I, there's no way I couldn't. No, I know. It's, it's a, it's an angel's a special person. Truly. You're, it's a special kind of person if you do that. I think Sabrina Sabrina two goes. Yeah. Sabrina. Two, two girls. One ghost goes, Sabrina just fostered some kittens. Yeah. And she's an angel. So she is a fucking angel. Sabrina and cor are both It true. Truly. But yeah, sometimes I think about it like I'm, I'm not at a point in my life right now where I would do it, but maybe later, someday in the future.


I, I would think about it. Oh, it's beautiful, beautiful Weirdos.


Let's face it, after a night with drinks, you just don't bounce back the next day like you used to. You have to make a choice. Either have a great night or a great next day. I thought that's how it was. And that is until I heard about Z biotics pre-Cool. Their probiotic was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. This is a proactive solution that wards off feeling miserable the next day instead of a reactive approach like drinking electrolytes or eating greasy food. I actually have tried this before and let me tell you, it really makes a difference. I'm older now, you know, maybe back in my, my young clubby girl days. I could have bounced back the next day. Honey, I don't bounce back these days unless I'm taking biotics the day before. So, so good. I kept hearing about pre-Cool. And wondered what it was actually like. And now that I've tried it, I really believe the hype. And with their GMO technology, they will release different products that help address toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to z biotics.com/ Morbid to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Morbid at checkout z biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money. No questions asked. Remember to head to z biotics.com/ Morbid and use code Morbid at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Z biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times, honey.


But anyways, back to the case. In the formal paperwork, Valerie Washington noted the children's physical or mental condition is seriously impaired and seriously endangered as a result of Latoya's inability to supply education or supervision. Oof. Which is rough in simple terms. The amount of school that the children had missed due to the everything that was going on was seen as neglect. Yeah. Unfortunately that does constitute neglect. And the home environment was not one that was promoting safety. No. 'cause shit's going down. But according to Latoya, she could not send the children to school sometimes because the spirits would make them sick or they would be up all night with no sleep. So they couldn't go to school. That's horrifying. She's in between a rock and a hard place.


Yeah. But like I said earlier, this was not the first time that DCS had been involved in the family. And 2009 a caseworker was assigned for the same reason. But at that point there was no mention of spirits or demons or anything. It was just the kids not going to school. Not going to school and not having enough supervision. Which also, she's a single mother. I'm sure she's working multiple jobs. Yeah. Like it's a tough position to be in. Yeah. You know. But anyway, about a week after the children had been removed, Valerie Washington conducted a home visit to Latoya's house accompanied by three police officers, two of whom just joined out of quote, professional curiosity. I can honestly couldn't blame them on that No front. 'cause you're like, what is going on here?


Yeah. I'm pretty sure this is like a smaller town. Yeah. You know, so people are hearing this and they're like, I want to go. So inside they discovered several makeshift t alters around the first floor of the house, as well as several circles of salt, which Latoya explained had been put in place to dissuade the demons. Which walking into that would be horrifying. Absolutely. And I'm sure these, the officers are like, okay. Immediately. Sure. They thought she was mentally ill. Oh shit. Like a hundred percent. There's like some, you know, religious mania going on here. Yes. Like that's exactly what they thought was happening. Yeah. So good call. That's what I would think. So the officer officially tasked with accompanying Valerie Washington on the visit was Gary Police Captain Charles Austin.


He was a veteran police officer with more than 35 years experience. And he later told a reporter that prior to his involvement in this case, he always believed in ghosts, but he did not believe in demons. Hmm. But after investigating the case, he changed his mind 100%. Wow. among other things he claimed there were unusual and unidentifiable, excuse me, silhouettes in the photos that officers took in the basement that day. Oh. Which actually led them to believe Latoya's story of demonic possession. Oh shit. And like those who left the house after the family wake, Austin actually believed he was followed home by some sort of entity that day that caused tons of electrical problems in his house for several days.


What the fuck? This is a policeman with 35 years on the force who didn't believe in anything like this. Oh my God. Like he was like, yeah, I think there's ghosts, but like no, there's not demons. Yeah. And then he left and he was like, oh, there's demons. And one followed me and one came to my house. No, not long after the children were removed from her custody, Latoya was informed that they would remain in the temporary custody of the state until she could prove that she was responsible and stable enough for them. So to her that meant she would have to rid her house and herself of the demons that was, that were plaing the family for months. Fortunately help was actually much easier to find this time around than it had been in previous months. After hearing the story of what happened at the Methodist Hospital, the hospital chaplain, David Neville reached out to him.


One of his colleagues, Reverend Mike Maginot, the pastor at a church in nearby Merrillville, unlike many of the other clergy in the area, Maginot was actually a true believer in demons and did have some knowledge of exorcism. Oh we found one. We found one. We'll always find one. Yeah. You gotta find one. But he informed Neville that before he could do anything, he would have to speak with the family and then if it was warranted, he would have to get permission from the bishop to perform the right of the exorcism. That's such an interesting that that interests me so much too. Me too. Because I, you, I always thought exorcisms were one of those things where it was like a priest was like, here I come, I'm coming to do an exorcism. And it was just like, yep.


The fact that there's like, they have to go through groundwork, like special permissions and like it's like a, you have to be like a approved to perform this Right. And everything. It's very interesting. Yeah. You have to like jump through hoops. Yeah. And it's interesting that a like I feel like a lot of the cases that we cover, the priest is so insistent on getting the bishop's permission. Yeah. Like they're like, I'm not fucking around. Yeah. Without his permission. Exactly. And then you have Ed and Lorraine who are always calling. Yeah. The archdiocese. It's crazy. Always. And always getting permission somehow. Always getting permission. But then the archdiocese, they forget. They're like, you know, no, no permission was me. Yeah. They get quickly get one of those men in black like mind eraser things and they're like, we didn't do that, we didn't do that. And Ed and Loren are like, they don't get it.


They did it. They did. Don't worry about it. Totally shut up. They lie. So in late April, Maginot met with Latoya and Rose their new rental apartment in Gary, where they gave him the load down on everything that happened in the previous months. Everything they told him was compelling, but he asked for permission to review any additional material, including any law enforcement or hospital footage or documentation. And they agreed to provide it. But it wasn't until he accompanied Latoya and two Gary officers back into the home that his belief in Latoya's case was absolutely cemented. According to the reverend, when Latoya entered the house for the first time since my interview with her, oil seemed to condense and drip onto the steps from the crosses she made above.


Oh. It also appeared all over the blinds in her bedroom. Yet what the fuck? When he reviewed the police footage from the walkthrough later that afternoon, there was no traces of oil or any other unexplained phenomena that actually occurred. Like when he was visiting. What strange, despite what he believed was compelling evidence of demonic possession, the Bishop Dale Mels check, I think denied his initial request for permission to perform an exorcism. The archbishop said, nah, denied. He did however, suggest that Maginot Maginot, excuse me, contact other priests in the area and ask them for training in the right of a minor exorcism. Oh bitch. I didn't know there was different levels of exorcism.


There are and I'm now, I'm so interested. I think it'd be fun to kind of talk about on an episode. Yes. And like dive into the different levels. Because I didn't know all this. I didn't either. So you can do a minor exorcism and that does not require the church's approval. Oh those are the ones I'm thinking about. Where they just run on in and perform an exorcism. Yeah. Loophole. In the case of a minor exorcism, a clergy member will use prayer and religious symbols and other statements to drive out any negative entities that might be, you know, in the home or space. So after making some phone calls, the reverend did locate a priest who was willing to provide the information necessary. And about a week later, Maginot was back at Latoya's former house this time to drive out whatever had been tormenting the family.


So in addition to himself and Latoya, the exorcism was attended by Virginia, Washington. The caseworker. The caseworker. And officer Samantha ick, I think it is from the Gary Police Department and another unnamed officer, Samantha had been at the previous walkthrough and was actually somewhat skeptical of Latoya's claims, but was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt. She was like, I wanna see this, I wanna see this shit because, and she's like, you know, my captain there has become a believer. Yeah. So maybe I'll, after leaving the house that afternoon, she said she was fully convinced something evil was in that house. Damn. She said, we felt like someone was in the room with you. Like someone breathing down your neck. Oh, I hate that. Yeah.


So as Maginot prayed throughout each room of the house, he instructed Latoya to look up the names of the demons that could possibly be inhabiting the house. But each time she tried to do so, the computer would shut down without explanation. That's why you need an ancient tome. Of course. No. Stop using technology. Nope. You need ancient toes. You need ancient dusty ass toes. Has anyone watched Buffy you flipping through? Yeah. and it makes that sound. And you find your spot and you find, you find the Damon. It's true. That's what it's, but the deeper she dug for the right, the right name, the sicker and more lightheaded she got making the process so arduous and just completely unpleasant. Oh. So finally they discovered the demons inhabiting the home were Bele bub, the Lord of the Flies.


Bele Bub Beelzebub, thank you. The Lord of the Flies. And quote other high ranking demons, including lieutenants and sergeants that torture and hurt kids. I didn't know. Those were things I did not know. There were times, I also didn't know they had sergeants rankings among the Damons. It's a whole community. I had no idea. Yeah, I didn't either. It's very militaristic. It is. I don't like that. I'm not into it. The fact that BSBA is there like you Damn. Yeah. Don't say it too many times in my house. Please. Just like you got like the you you got the demon like shit. Yeah. I'm quite frankly Palo Santo in the room after this. Yeah. As you should. Yeah. With the windows open. Palo Santo Me too, please. Before I leave. Oh, I will.


Whenever we talk about demons, I think we should start PAing. 'cause I do think some weird energies building up in the pod lab and we're in my house right now and that shit's not welcome. Yeah. It's not happening. Thank you. So the prayer and ritual went on for several hours during which time Latoya was becoming more weak. More exhausting, or more exhausted. Excuse me. She later said I was hurting all over from the inside out. I'm trying to do my best and be strong. But eventually she fell asleep, which she said was the demon's way of lessening the rituals effect. Like knocked her out essentially. Yeah. Ultimately, Maginot performed a Maginot. I don't, I keep gonna say like making it fancier. I love it. Maginot performed three exorcisms between May and June, during which time Latoya and Rosa actually had moved to Indianapolis, but they drove back to Gary for each ritual.


Oh wow. Because I think I, I don't know if she was paying rent on this house and her next house. Yeah. But she's trying to get her kids back. Yeah. You can tell. But finally at the last exorcism in June, Mao changed tactics and quote paraded the demons in Latin rather than English. Oh no. Which he claimed was the key to successfully driving them out. And at hearing the Latin words in scripture, Latoya started to convulse and then went slack and seemed to be asleep. He said a prayer of thanks over her sleeping body. And when she woke up, she and Rosa went back to Indianapolis where they claim they have not experienced any demonic activity since.


So in cabin in the woods, when he says, do not read the Latin, he's wrong. Apparently you read the Latin. I think you can only read the Latin if you know the Latin and what, what you're saying. That's true. Yeah. You don't wanna just read willy nilly Latin. Never. If we tell you one thing, if you take one thing away from this episode. Yeah. Never read Latin willy-nilly. Yeah. Don't just willy-nilly. No, you gotta know about the Latin. Yeah. But in November, 2012, roughly one year after this whole ordeal began, Latoya did regain custody of all three children. And her entire family started participating in, in-home based therapy services. Good. According to one report filed with DCS, they quote, have not experienced any issues with demonic presences or spirits in the home in Indianapolis, and are moving on from that point in their lives.


Damn. The report goes on to say the family continues to attend church regularly on Sunday, but the family is no longer fixated solely on religion to explain or cope with the children's behavior issues. Whoa. So I think DCF definitely was like, there's too much Yeah. Reliance on religion going on here to a point where it'ss dangerous. Yeah. It's bordering on religious mania. Yes, exactly. Yeah. In 2014, a long form article in the Indianapolis Star about the family's experience generated an unexpectedly large amount of national attention and thrust the family right back into the spotlight. Latoya said, I figured that I'd get an uproar from my hometown, but I never imagined that it would go viral. Just four days later.


Zach Baggins Wait. Of Ghost Adventures. Who? Zach Baggins. Oh. A man named Zach Baggins. I don't know if you've heard of him. Yeah. He bought the house from the owner for $35,000 and subsequently made a television documentary about the house, which I will be watching today. I will be watching that later. Yep. He referred to it as the next Amityville. Wow. And I added but Real, I was just gonna say, I don't know if you wanna throw that one on there. Yeah. I'm like, don't do that because you're like the next toes. Exactly. It's not good. I, I believe in this one a lot more. I definitely like, I'll be honest, I think there were things probably parts of this that got drama. How do you say that? Dramatized. Yeah. Dramatized. Yeah.


I would say ized. I feel like that's a, can you say both? Is that a word too? Dramatized. Dramatized. You decide. I'll take both. I think there were parts of this that got both of them that did both of those things. Yeah. And I'm sure, you know, sometimes the kids were like, oh, I can't go to school. I, yeah. Like for demons, I think I don't demon. I think overall they did experience a lot of what they said. There is something very unexplained in this situation. 100%. There's something that does not. The fact that many people saw a kid walk backwards up a wall and onto the ceiling and then flip over his grandma while holding her hand. You're just never, you're never, you're never gonna gonna tell me that that wasn't a demon. Yeah. That's the thing. So it, there's other things that for sure you can question.


Yes. Just at least be like, huh, okay, well, and then, but this next part to me, I'm like, huh. Because like we all know Zach Baggins has an entire fucking museum filled with the most haunted shit on the planet. Yeah. When this documentary was finished, he had the house demolished. Whoa. Yeah. Just after the release of the documentary in 2016, he told a reporter something was inside that house that had the ability to do things that I have never seen before. Things that others carrying the highest forms of credibility couldn't explain either. There was something there that was very dark, yet highly intelligent and powerful. Whoa. So Zach Biggins was like, I don't wanna fuck with that.


We're demolishing that house. Holy shit. The man who will take like every haunted fucking thing into his museum to me was like, that's like, was like, let's get rid of this. That's like, I have chills on my legs right now. Like to not be like, we're gonna save this house and like continue investigating. He was like, Nope, nope. We should just get rid of it. Completely Got rid of it. Wow. So interesting. And several years later, Latoya's story was adapted into The Deliverance. This year. Yeah. This year. Isn't that for some reason I thought that movie had been out for way longer. You're probably thinking of deliverance. I was. Yeah. That's exactly what I was thinking. It's definitely different. Netflix released it and it was directed by Lee Daniels and it stars Andre Day and Queen Glen Close.


Oh. And Glen, I've never actually seen the movie. I haven't seen the movie. Well, I've seen like the, still, I've seen the clip, like not, I'm not gonna say clip, but I seen the clips of Nana, Nana Glen there, Nana Glen. I wanna watch it and I wanna watch the, the documentary. I am dying to watch the documentary. Yeah. Because nothing is more fun than watching a Zachs Zach Beacon. Zachs is such a character. Or, or a taps. I love a, I love a ghost hunting though. Yes, yes. Ghost. Ghost Adventures and And Ghost Hunters. Ghost Hunters. Yeah. I, I prefer ghost hunters personally. Yeah, me too. But there's something to be said about all of 'em. But isn't this an interesting case though? That was a very interesting case.


Like, I'm 90, I would say I 98% believe most of what happened there. It's funny because we went from like a straight up hoax san, we went from Tom from like to straight up shenanigans. Yep. Nonsense. And then we went to the house of Flying objects where you could be like, alright, I think there's a little bit of something happening here, but who knows what. Yep. Is it, you know, the kid going through it and there's like this energy that's building what's going on. Right. But you think there's like a little bit of each, and then you go to this one and you go, A kid walked up a wall and onto the ceiling and flipped over his grandma in front of a whole fucking room of people. Yeah. And that's the different scenario. D-C-S-D-C-F caseworkers were writing things in their reports where they were like, yeah, some part, some some of are inexplicable.


Yeah. Nurses were like, yeah, I'm pretty sure we didn't even mean to do that either. Like, put them in that order. I Know That. They like went into like nonsense to like, this might be real kind of thing. It was a nice way to top off sneaky season. I don't know if this is the last spooky season episode or not. I have no idea. We have an, we have a fun guest coming up. We do. That's a little bit spooky. Yeah. But he's also just like a fun guest to have. Yeah. He's just a wonderful human being. He's lovely. Yeah. We're gonna be recording that tomorrow. So it might be the next episode after this. Yeah. And then we have our fun Halloween episode. Oh, actually I, I think that's the episode after this. There you go. So I don't really know, to be honest, but you know what? Halloween, oh, the episode is fun.


I'm so excited. You're gonna, you know, you're gonna get a little nifty gifty along with it. So Yeah. So look out for that. Yeah. And, and fun, fun subsequent gifts to come. Yeah. 'cause we're, we are excited about this one thing. Not really gifts. Yeah. I shouldn't say gift. Like you're not gonna hold a gift in your hand. No. A fun, a fun thing that we never do. Yeah, exactly. But we might do more of soon. Yeah. So yeah, look forward to that. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Weird but not so weird that you walk up a wall backwards and flip over your camera after your grandma after walking on the ceiling. My grandma, my grandma.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola GABA was born into legal royalty, her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was Addicted to the game she had created, she just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants Lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus Join, Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify. And listen to more exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now.