
Hey weirdos, it's Ash here. Ready to share a little secret. Have you heard of Wondery? Plus, with ad free episodes and one week early access, it's like having an all access pass to our lighthearted nightmare. So come join us on the dark side and try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Have you ever grown tired of searching for your favorite movies and TV shows across your numerous streaming accounts? I have like 457 streaming accounts, at least I used to. And it can be so frustrating to have your favorite content live across multiple logins and apps. You're always forgetting your logins. It's a pain in the butt. But on Prime Video, you can add over 100 subscriptions like Max Apple TV and Paramount Plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime Video account with one login and one password. That's so much more easy to remember. There's also a hundred more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports, all in one app. I personally, oh my God, I'm obsessed with Yellow Jackets. I literally dove into the entire series and I was able to watch it on Prime Video with a Paramount Plus subscription instead of having to log into a separate app to watch. And I also even watch White Lotus through Prime because they have Max as well. So check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


Hey Weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is More Bad Bed. This is Marvin, listener Tale. Roger BY you FOR you from Unal about. Yeah, you can. I really lost myself there. You did, But you found yourself at the end. That's all. That's important matters. We are not dressed in costume. You are As and honestly, I'm not. Wait, we we're gonna pretend we are.


So we're gonna be talking about haunted schools today, and so I'm wearing a woodsboro class of 96 shirt. That's cool. So I'm just pretending I'm from that class. I never liked school. So my shirt says even baddies get sads. And I would get sies at school. But whilst being a badie, it's true. And And your time would be batty. My time would be so batty. It'd make you sad. I mean, the time that I was in class was batty. Hanging out was not so badie. But you were a badie. Yeah, yeah. So, you know, it's been, it's been a long week. It kind of came up quick. It's been a, it's been a long week, but it's actually Wednesday. Yeah, it's been a long couple of weeks. It tells you everything you need to to know.


Long couple of weeks, good things. Yeah, for the most part. Good things. Great things. Yeah. What was it? Was it last weekend that week? Watched Blumhouse was super nice. Yes. And sent us a screener. Yeah. So we had a movie night with Mikey and Deb, we, Deb, and they gave us the trailer for drop, which actually doesn't come out. Who? God only knows when you're seeing this Jod. So let's Jaw only knows Jod only knows Babe. But yeah, it was fun. It's a fun movie and it's really fun getting screeners. So thank you so much to Blumhouse that. So cool. That was really cool. Gather round and see this movie. I'm telling you, this is when you're gonna wanna see it. Yeah. It comes out on April 11th. So if it is already April 11th or past, it won't be Mikey saying it's not.


So when the time comes that it's April 11th, go to the theater, watch drop, go to the theater. Go to the theater. It has the cinema. It has Megan Fahe. She was in the White Lotus recently And she was really good in it. She was really good in it. Yeah. And it has a really hot guy in it. Brandon Snar the date. Yeah. Oh yeah. I like that guy. Yeah, Mikey was just motioned that, can you do that again? Yes. That was like the straight up charades. He was like the waiter, the server. The server in the movie. Absolutely. Chefs Kiss. Hilarious. One of the be one of my favorite things in the whole movie, I forget, was the server.


I think his name is Jeffrey Self. Yeah, he was the server. He was, was phenomenal. He was. He made the movie actually. He really did. He was so good. So yeah, go check that out. And thank you so much to Blumhouse. That was like really cool. Yeah, that was awesome. And without further ado, these are brought to you BY you, 40 FROM you and all about you. So we gotta get into them. Let's get into it. Let's talk about some weird ass school. Shout out to Debbie for putting these together. Deb. Deb. So I'll start, I guess. Yeah, like I'll start. This one's just called Listener Tales. I love that. And when you keep it short and simple, just quick. Oh, that reminds me. If you guys have photos with your Listener Tales that you are cool with us sharing or want us to share, make sure you explicitly say that in the Listener tale.


Otherwise we won't share them because, you know, respect, privacy and all that explicit, but be very explicit. Like it is okay to share these, or I want you to share these on like, and we mean on like Instagram, you know? Yeah. Like when we, when we post, just because sometimes when we mention things in certain Listener Tales and we're like, holy shit, your cat is really cute. Or like, holy shit, that picture's crazy. Everyone's like, look, I wanna see it everyone, but we're never gonna share your shit unless you tell us to. So just make sure you say that in writing and all will be good. So this one's called Listener Tales and it says, Hey weirdos, I hope you get a chance to read My Tale. It's all about the time I got haunted by prankster Ghosts at boarding school and how I think it was your fault. Apologies in advance for any typos.


Apologies In reverse. Yeah, apologies in retrospect. Truly. I'm sorry. All right, let's see. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Like, damn, I'm sorry. Sorry. So I don't know if I can say their names so I won't. Hey, weirdos. I've taken the liberty of changing my name and my story. Glad we took that out. Not because I think it matters, but because I think it's fun. Honestly. I do too. I like that. This might be my only chance to use the alias I've been developing since high school. Leah Baker, boring. Yes, but boring is believable. Street smarts. That's honestly not boring. That is street smarts. And why haven't I been working on an alias?


So now I feel like a, I feel I've had plenty of time. I feel remiss I'm gonna start working on an alias. Yeah, you gotta, anyway, I wanna start by saying I'm a silent fan. I don't comment or engage with those who do, but I listen to your episodes the moment they come out. Honestly, much respect. Thank you. Being a silent fan. Yeah, I'm a silent fan of a lot of things. I'm a silent fan of almost everything except for Ghost I'll, the way that I was like, I knew you were gonna Yeah. I'm a silent, the things that I listen to aside from Ghost. Yeah. Silent fan. Like, like Podcasts. Yeah. Stuff like shows, anything like that. I'm pretty silent. Yeah. Unless I'm just like in there being like, this was great.


I loved this. Like, that's it. Yeah. But like very, very, no, I get that. So I appreciate it. So it says, I first discovered your podcast when I was training for a half marathon. Damn. Damn. And I really needed something to distract me from the horror of long distance running. Yeah. I don't blame you. People told me that I would learn to love running. Spoiler alert. I didn't. Me either, but I did come to love the Way you tell stories and roast the crusty panties off the whack ass perps you talk about on your show. Iconic, never listen to the haters telling you to change. You did what no other podcast has done for me. You two made me laugh out loud for a whole hour as I shuffled around the track of a dimly lit field house late, late at night. That's so nice. I love you and thank you for that. Stop doing that late at night.


Okay. That sounds weirdly specific. Let me explain. I used to live and work at a New England boarding school. Ooh. Which tell us which runoff line built in the 18 hundreds Latin motto. A president went there type of boarding school. It is in a very rural area, so there isn't much to do there besides hang out at the local pub or in the literal fields that's around campus. This is one of my favorite beginnings to any story. Same. You give me a New England boarding school from the 18 hundreds with a Latin motto and a president once been there, and you can only hang out at the local tavern or the field surrounding said school. Yeah, it's kind of urban legend too. It's delicious.


We just, I love it. Sipped it all up. Love it. Because I was in, I was in my mid twenties riddled with anxiety, bored as hell, and in charge of the largest dorm on campus, a hundred plus underclassmen girls. I needed an outlet, while many might prefer the pub in the comfort of a cold brewski with the lads, I prefer my misery straight. No chaser. I took to the fields. Literally I ran, I ran long trails around campus and began training for a half marathon. Unfortunately, boarding school teachers live extremely busy lives. You teach all day, you coach in the afternoons. You have duty in the dorms, making sure the kids get along and you know, stay alive. You have meetings, clubs, professional development, et cetera, eating into every free hour of the day.


That's sucks. Didn't seriously, we didn't have sick days and we worked on all those holidays. People usually get off like Memorial Day. Fuck. This meant that if I wanted to run, I had to run before or after all my other duties. That makes sense. It does. At school, did you, you're like, I'm sorry, I didn't hear your life. Okay. I started, I often started my runs at five or 6:00 AM and after eight or 9:00 PM this wouldn't have been a big deal, if not for one very important thing. The school was very haunted. Girl, I'm not exactly a skeptic of the supernatural. I was raised very religious, and while I don't rock with organized religion anymore, I'm still pretty sensitive to what else might just be out there. Next time somebody comes to my door trying to sell me on a religion, I'm just gonna tell them I don't rock with religion.


I don't rock with organized religion. I just don't rock with it. That is kind of how I feel. That's exactly with that exactly how I feel. Yeah. That's all. Yeah. If you can, I just, yeah, go for it. Yeah. Just because we don't perceive something doesn't mean it isn't there. Hell yeah. When I first arrived on campus, I was quickly informed of some of the most harrowing ghost encounters I'd ever heard. One faculty member spoke about her child seeing a man looking through their window. The little girl described him in perfect detail down to his eye color. What the fuck? Apparently he came often and never tried to come inside. He would just observe what was going on in the living room. My coworker told me that she never saw the man, but she was pretty shaken by the encounter, especially since they lived on the third floor of the building.


Yikes. Motherfucker was levitating. He was just floating. I don't like that. Another coworker. It's very Salem's lot. I don't know that. Another coworker, it's Steven King. Oh. Another coworker told me that people who stay overnight in the campus health health center hear footsteps outside their doors all night. Ooh. It is a pacing sound that goes away when they look to see who it is. She told me the school nurses believe it's the ghost of past night shift workers helping them out and checking up on the sick kids. I kind of love that. I really like that. That's a, that's a nice ho. So you get it. Boarding school haunted, spooky, but also the ghosts are nice question mark. Anyway, back to me, Leah Baker. During my alias Leah Baker, during my runner era, I used to follow the cross country trail around the fields at night, guided by some sparse campus lights.


It was actually very peaceful and I enjoyed being able to see the stars above. On late summer nights, I would watch the lightning bugs dance over the tall grass around me, blinking slowly as if they were soothing me and encouraging me on my way. Hmm. I love that. That's poetic and beautiful. I preferred to run at night because of this, but one day I decided to switch up my routine and run in the early morning. Smart. Switch up your routine. That's very smart. That's when I saw them. A group of boys were playing soccer. It was a little foggy, but I could make out their goofy adolescent forms. You know, the type skinny and all elbows. They were all dressed in a similar sort of uniform. As I got a little closer, I saw that the uniforms looked very old timey. Some of them had hats I'd expect to see on cast members of the Newsies.


They didn't make any noise, but they all clearly were having fun and running around together, kicking a ball. I was pretty shocked that any teenager would be up at sunrise. That's true. Let alone a group of them all while being dressed like Oliver Twist. So I shook my head once and looked back at the field. They were gone. I stopped dead in my tracks and felt chills over my entire body. I was suddenly very cold. Did I just hallucinate? I thought, honestly, I was so bored I wouldn't put it past myself. I chalked it up to a weird morning and the fog playing tricks and finish my run. The fact that you saw an entire soccer team fall and then just looked away and looked back and were like, I'm probably bored.


Like you were really bored. Honestly, though, that makes so much sense being up. It does. Not early in the morning, you're like, yeah, I don't have the wherewithal for that because you're like, do I wanna investigate this? Nope. Probably not. Nope. Not before coffee. No. Soon the temperate fall weather, I need fall. We're almost there. That just made me like ache for fall and by we're almost there. I mean, two seasons to go. We're so close, so close. Soon. The temperate fall weather turned to a harsh cold winter as it does in New England. Why? God, why? But we're coming out of it as a certified weather. Ws, I cannot be caught outside the months of November and February. Bundle up layers. Never. So when it got too cold to run outside, I moved indoors to the field house.


That's where you gal come in. Hey, what is more boring than running through countless grass fields running circles around a dimly lit indoor track. Yeah. My brain was melting and my podcast app suggested I try a true crime pod called Morbid. Good job fucking podcast app. Yeah. I gave it a whirl and was immediately hooked. It was actually a guest episode. Look at that girl. Stop episode. It was good talking about the Tale of a badass Playboy bunny. It was Holly, I bet. Oh, was it Holly Madison? Yeah. Who got fucked over by the system and men? Shocker. 100%. No, that was definitely Holly. Yep. Shout out to Holly. Yep. So anyway, there I am doing laps and listening to Morbid when all of the, all of a sudden the lights shut off in the building.


That's a no for me. That's like horror movie. Initially, I wasn't that worried girl. My school had a 24 hour campus security team that would make the rounds to various buildings. Maybe they didn't see me and shut off the lights. I thought so when I looped back around to the light switches by the door, I flicked them on and continued my painful shuffle. I had a long way to go. I love that. You were just like, I'm gonna continue this run. I'm gonna keep running. Hell yeah. That night's run was supposed to be 10 a 10 miler. Oh, oh my God. And just going in circles for 10 miles. You even wrote Q retching noises. Yeah. Honestly, a couple minutes later, I'm turning the far bend of the track and the light shut off again.


Oh, leave. Get out of there. Annoyed. I shout into the darkness. Hey, I am in here. No response. Son of a biscuit eating bulldog. I think I love that you thought that. I love that. And flick the lights back on. When I get to the switches again, I try not to curse in front of my students. So I have a few colorful non curses locked and loaded at all times. Once again, a couple minutes later, the lights flick off for the third time. Okay, now I'm scared. I pause ashe's voice in my earbuds and say loudly, bro. What the hell? No response. I stand there in the darkness for a few seconds and suddenly I start to get very cold. This is a strange sensation as I was sweating a lot and I could feel my tomato red cheeks burning bright red.


However, I felt a very strong chill, like the temperature in the whole building had dropped rapidly. Remember the USS Salem had that kind of cold is a different kind of cold. That's the, I like we like we have survived New England winters and I've never felt that kind of cold. It was just like two your bones kind of cold and it like afterwards it's two quick two.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you OMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at and t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Today, the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices the better.


Now concerned I jogged across the track to the light switch and the thermostat. I flipped on the lights and the thermostat was at 66. As I, as soon as I read the number, I felt warmer, reassured. I tried getting back to my run. Was it the ghosts? Everyone had told me about, no one had mentioned them being anti health assholes like, hello. I'm trying to scrape together a couple endorphins and hide my big feelings and even bigger muscles. I could be at the pub, but no, I was in the fricking Fieldhouse at 9:00 PM on a Friday. About 30 seconds. I like that you were trying to hide your big feelings and even bigger muscles. No. After about 30 seconds into this internal monologue, the lights flickered annoyed. I shouted.


Knock it off. I'm almost done. Just like that. The lights stopped flickering. They stayed on the rest of the time and I was able to continue my run and finish my introduction to your podcast. Hey, thanks Ghosties. Yeah. Shout out to the ghost. Over the next several weeks, I continued listening to Morbid on my runs. Thank you. And the same thing happened a few more times to varying degrees. The ghosts had shena once and they chose to shenanigan. I see what you did there. I like that. However, each time I told them to knock it off, they did. It honestly felt like they were trying to prank me, or maybe they were annoyed that I was huffing and puffing in their hangout past bedtime. While I never saw the soccer kids again, my ex-boyfriend and I started to have dreams that ghosts were hanging out in my apartment, throwing parties and hosting game nights while we were laying sleeping in my bed.


That's kind of funny. I kinda love that. Yeah. My dog lady seemed like she could see them and would stare around the room gazing at nothing. Sometimes whining for no reason at all. My cabinets would open by themselves and stuff would be moved, but I never felt threatened in any way. It always felt like I was in the way. I had the overwhelming feeling that they thought of me. The the way a superior alien race might think of a puppy. Cute but useless. Hmm. Or the way teenagers think of millennials these days cringe. Aw. So anytime the shenanigans began to flare up, I would tell the ghosts what I tell my students Grow up. It never works with my students, but it did work with the ghosts. Whatever they were doing to bother me would stop for a while.


I really began to wonder if it was you two spooky gals that awakened these prankster ghosts. I did. I take full responsibility could. That was the, I did it cannon. It was like they heard me listening to y'all and said to themselves, this pitch will be a good sport. She'll be down to hang with some rascals having a little fun in the end, I completed my first and last half marathon. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Good job. And got a new job that had a better work life balance. That makes me happy FOR you. I love that. Well, I haven't had any true ghost encounter since leaving. Lady tragically passed away from cancer shortly after moving to a new city. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Even though she's gone, I can still feel her with me.


Yep. A ghost lady. Yeah, a goose lady. I love that. In my room. By the foot of my bed. Or laying in her spot next, next to me on the couch. And my personal favorite. Every time I take a bath, I can feel her spirit laying on the bathroom floor near me like she used to love to do when she was still alive. Oh, my cats do that. I love that. Anyway, thanks for reading and keep it weird, but not so weird that you turn into a ghost to prank a 20 year something year old going through a quarter life crisis and has the absurd idea that accomplishing a difficult and random task will somehow fix her. It won't, but therapy will peace and love. Leah motherfucking baker, Leah, motherfucking alias Baker. I love you Leah. Motherfucking Baker. That was absolutely fantastic.


That was a good one. And oh, lady beautiful. Oh, lemme see lady. Oh, also, you are beautiful. Oh wait, I, Leah mother fucking baker. I was like, let me see as if I can't see that on my own. Yeah. Liam motherfucking Baker. You're gorgeous. And so is lady. Oh my God. Oh, and good on you. Truly. Good job. You finished that half marathon. You did that shit. You did it, brother. I'm gonna close this while this lady reads. So I'm not half Mac human lady, half Mac. Sometimes I become half Mac when we do these things. You're very, very, how did Mikey put it? You're very, you're very Mac forward. Forward. Very Mac forward. It was when we did the Andrew McMahon episode and I realized that literally the entire episode, I'm just like this.


And Mikey tried to subtly tell me, but I don't understand subtlety. Yeah, that's okay. You know? Yeah. So, but now I close and I closed. I close now I'm woodsboro forward. I love that. I always am. I, yeah. Truly. All right, well my next one is also just called Listener Tales. Hey, you guys are short sweetened to the point. Yay. Like let's go. I can leave that If you want to. Alright, so listener Tale Devil on campus. Ooh Devil. Devil on campus. I'm so dumb. That is dumb. Alright, my name is Lisa. Feel free to use my name.


Lisa. Lisa, you're really funny today. Boy, do I have a story FOR you? Hydrated. Hydrated. I think that's why I'm hydrated too, but I don't feel as funny. I feel silly and hydrated. Silly. Goofy. Yeah. This is a silly goofy girl. Silly goofy girl. There's, sorry. There's a creator on TikTok or he is. He's like not a creator on TikTok. He's just like a comedian Morgan Jay. And have you ever seen, have I showed you his videos? He's like, I feel like he has. Are you a goofy guy? I think you have showed me. And he likes literal up like a goofy guy. He's like, I'm a goofy guy. Yes, you did show me him. I wanna go to one of his shows so badly. I guess you should. And calling you a silly goose made me think of that. I like that. Everybody go check out Morgan J.


He's very funny. Do it. All right, Lisa. My name is Lisa. Feel free to use my name. Lisa. I'm using it so much. Boy, do I have a story FOR you? Oh yeah. It may sound too crazy to be true, but trust me, I stayed up many nights following these events, not wanting to believe it myself. Because what? Where does something like this actually happen? Except maybe a bad berated horror flick. Well, I'll tell you where my neighbors and eventually my own college dorm room for the 2009 to 2010 academic year. I won't share the name of the school because I truly love that campus and I don't want them to receive bad publicity. Aw, that's nice of you. That is nice of you. Very thoughtful. Bear with me because I've spent the better part of my life since this happened. Repressing the ever living fuck out of these memories. Damn.


But I'll do my best to recount as much detail as I can. There was a lot that happened. So buckle up weirdos because it is about to get spooky. I'm ready. And I believe you. I believe you already. I believe that this happened. I was happens. You believe it? Yeah. Yeah. So this all started as we were approaching the Christmas holiday during my first semester of college. Oh man. First semester. Damn. I barely made it through that. And I didn't even see the devil. You're like, I'm stressed already. I know. We lived in typical freshman style dorms. One room cinder bought boxes with two bare bone bed frames, bodily fluid proof mattresses, A couple of shelves, AEs. And I'm really stuck on bodily fluid proof master, like I know that's correct. That's a correct way of explaining that.


So gross to think about. Do you, are there places where you can like bring your own mattress? I think you can bring your own mattress. If you've ever seen Gilmore Girls, then Yale is one of them. As long as you make arrangements to get rid of the old one. Yeah. Which not. I would bring my own mattress. BYOM. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, let's go girls. Okay. A couple shelves, a desk and a single sink with a medicine cabinet above it. The walls, despite being cinder block transmitted nearly every sound from the neighboring room we shared with a wall, shared a wall with including the unmistakable whoosh of water moving through the pipes as if they turned on their sink. Old pipes, old walls, gotta love it. Out of nowhere. For several nights in a row, our neighbor's sink would abruptly turn on in the middle of the night.


The sound of water running through the pipes was enough to wake even this tired college student or her stupor, or out of her stupor. Oh. Or I was like out like the dramatic pause that came. You were like, or her stupid, her stuper. I was like, who's her Stu? Who is it? Out of her stuper. And this went on every night for several nights. Despite all of the activity I was hearing, I never actually saw our noisy neighbors until we left our rooms at the same time. Several days later, the first thing I noticed was how tired she looked exhausted to be more precise. I said, what are you guys doing in there every night so late Coloring your hair. I said this more as a lighthearted joke because A, I didn't wanna sound like a total buzzkill, Dick wad and B, I'd never met her before.


And you know, first impressions. Yeah. What are you gonna say? Yeah. Did you guys pee a lot? Hey, you guys like always peeing in there? She looked stunned when I said this and looked at me still grinning I'm sure like a complete idiot and said, we haven't been in our room for the past several nights. We've been sleeping in the common room downstairs. I would, what? What the fuck? That's, that's when your stomach falls outta your butt hole. Yeah. And you say, excuse me, you say, what the fuck? Come again. There are other options. There's a few options of things to say and we just named them Who did my face fell. I wasn't quite comprehending the words coming from her mouth. She picked it up first. She went on to explain the weird things that have been happening in their room, starting with their vacuum, turning on in the middle of the night unplugged.


Hate that I'd leave I I understand why they were sleeping in the common room. Vacuum my room for me in the middle of the night. Vacuum my room for me, but not in the middle of the night. Not in the middle of the night. No. And it was in the center of their room. No, hate it. I kinda laughed it off thinking maybe it was the stress of upcoming finals and that was getting to her again. I've never met this girl who I will now call Mandy. Name changed for privacy. Mandy. Mandy, I didn't really think too hard about this initial incident, but apparently the rest of our dorms floor did because word got out about the haunted room on the third floor as it always does, as it should. Is it better? That's so fun. Yeah. At this point, the haunting had progressed to the sound of heavy footsteps walking back and forth in the room even when nobody was home.


A few of us decided stupidly to do a ghost hunt steak out one weekend. Oh hell yeah. That's not stupid at all. That's so fun. And you had to see if the claims they're safe. Yeah. See if the claims were really true. Yeah. You gotta see if the devil's in there. Yeah. Might as well. Sounds like he is. If the devil's at your dorm room, you gotta find out why. Yeah. You gotta see what he looks like. He's like, Hey, what you doing? Yeah. Usually he comes down to Georgia. Why is he doing dorm room? Yeah. As is he here. So there were a handful of us truth seekers huddled outside the dorm room Friday night and we decided that the first experiment we would do was to sprinkle a layer of sugar on the ground and leave the room to see if any of it would be disturbed. Huh. I love that. That was your first go-to. Wow. Okay. I've never heard of anybody doing that. I would've done flour.


Probably. Why? I feel like you're gonna get better imprints. Oh, more disturbance. Listen to this one. You know? Yeah. Took a forensic clout. Buhtz, but I with the sugar. That's funny though. Yeah. Genius or stupid. I don't know. We agreed. I think it's, yeah. Yeah. But we all did our part and arranged a nice layer of sugar on the ground. I took one last look around the room to double extra, make sure that nobody was hiding anywhere. Again. Hard to hide in a one room dorm with literally almost no furniture. But I still peeked under the beds and behind the curtains just to be absolutely fine. Good FOR you. You gotta make sure that's the thing. Then we all filed out and closed the door within a few minutes. The sound of heavy work, Buhtz pacing back and forth inside the now empty room began.


We all had our ears pressed against the door listening intently and also rooted in fear. It wasn't until somebody gasped that we looked down and literally saw the fucking sugar coming back out from under the door. What? What is he doing? Said as if somebody on the other side was kicking it back under the doorframe. We waited until That's petty. That's that is petty. I kinda love that. Get your sugar outta here. It's like, he's like they were have bugs. I mean, you do. What are you doing? It doesn't the devil like bugs though? I don't know. I don't know him. Oh, none of us really do. I think speak for yourself. I mean, I don't know. Now I'm also just picturing, as soon as you said work Buhtz, I'm picturing the devil wearing like some like cool.


Like combat Buhtz. Oh. Making he some like punk rocker in there. Just like we're picturing different things. I'm just picturing him in like Tims, I'm picturing like a, like a rocker. Ah, yeah. I love that. I like it. This is great. I'm gonna stay with this. So we waited until the commotion and footsteps inside the room. Stop. Now I'm just picturing you many different things of the devil. Not surprisingly, the neat layer of sugar that we put on the floor was completely destroyed and strewn about. If that wasn't horrifying enough, upon further investigation, someone or something had written in the sugar hovering. See, this is where flour would've definitely come in handy. See, it would be clearer. See, that's true.


I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I'm just saying she's doing the scientific method with your thing. Sorry. She's asking questions If that wasn't horrifying enough, upon further, oh, I already said that I had written in the sugar. Yeah. Hovering over the message. We all peered down to see the word hi. Staring back at us. I'm obsessed. I kind of love that. The devil wearing like whatever work Buhtz or you think he's wearing wearing combat Buhtz. He is just like, hi. Hey. I just picture him being like, hi. Or like, hi, I'm picturing Luke. Luke Cook from Chilling Adventures of Sabrina that devil. Oh, I shouldn't picture that. I choose to To picture that Devil. Choose your fighter. Choose your devil.


Yeah, I choose that one. That's what I'm picturing. I go, I don't even think I could say hi like him. I think. Yeah, I'm I would never be soldier enough. Yeah. No. None of us could. No thi this devil in my mind is like a little, like he's, you know, like hey. He's like Hey, so I know what the fuck am I right? And instead crying face emoji here we decided to all file back out and just see if anything else would happen. I'm honestly not sure if we heard too much more after that because I was still trying to process what I'd just seen. But we decided to take one last look and call it a night after we had just been outside of the dorm for a few minutes there. Written under the word Hi was I'm Joseph. I love that. I'm Joseph. Hi, I'm Joseph.


I love this. I'm obsessed. I feel like I would be dying inside, but I would love this that, I mean we have investigated how many haunted places. Yeah. And had like crazy shit happen, but like never but somebody writing. Hi, I am Joseph would send me into orbit. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Again, not really sure of the reactions around me at this point because I swear I had tunnel vision and heard nothing but white noise as my mind tried to grapple with the fact of what was in front of me. I remember us helping clean up the sugar and numbly walking back to our own dorms. How do you just like sleep in your bed that night? Yeah. That's knowing one while away. Joseph like said hi to you. Joseph is just over there in his Buhtz kicking sugar in his Buhtz, in his sugar cook.


In his sugar Buhtz and his sugar kicking Buhtz Buhtz in sugar kicking Buhtz. He's over there in sugar kicking Buhtz. Joseph. Joseph and his Buhtz, his sugar kicking Buhtz. His Buhtz. Why is that so funny? Dunno that it really is. Get your Buhtz. Saw Joey or Sugar to I Buhtz. I'm crying. It's Buhtz. So about sugar kicking too. It's funny.


Buhtz out all. Oh my goodness. Not too long after Joseph. Oh, mud Joseph in his Buhtz.


Thank you to our partner Mento Scum. You ever feel like you're just going through the same motions day after day we've all been there staring at brake lights in traffic or is stuck in a long meeting. Not anymore. With Mintos gum. Listen up. This isn't just your regular gum. We're talking about a whole vibe. Refresh. Think of it as your personal reset button one piece and suddenly that traffic jam becomes your private concert venue. That meeting that should have been an email, it turns into a full on Fiesta From flavors like Fresh Mint to bold strawberry Minto scum transforms ordinary moments into fresh possibilities. Whether you want to switch up your root home or keep your mind fresh in a meeting, refresh the everyday with Minto scum. Yes to Fresh with Minto Scum


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024 CEO. Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This Assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing at him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in the world and the suspect He has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Mangione Became one of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted premeditated admit to Soter. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus you can join Wondery Plus on the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


Not too long after that, Mandy told me that she decided to run a voice recorder during the entire night to see if she'd catch anything. Ooh. At this point, her roommate had moved out leaving only her in there to deal with this. She said, fuck that. She said, you're on your own bitch. You are moving in with Joseph now. She said, you already have a roommate. I didn't sign up for Trio at this point. Her roommate had leaving her on her own to deal with this thing. She said, Lisa, I got the fucker on recording. Oh no. Why did he become a fucker all the time? I know. What did Joseph do? Joseph is just chilling. He said hi. He's like, hi. On the tape you can clearly hear family guy playing on the television in the background. Oh, Joseph. I'm like, was that on or no? I listened and listened until I heard it.


Cutting through the background noise a male voice appeared as if speaking directly into the recorder. It said, in the most dead sounding, raspy, ungodly, straight out of the pit's voice hell is pain. Okay, now this just sounds like it might be Pinhead and I'm Let's, let's go girls. Oh, I hate that. Hell is pain. That would that would shiver my tempers. That that might timbers have been shivered. That my flab have been gassed right now. That's my favorite assumption. Like I can't, my Buhtz have been Buhtz.


That's when you need to get your shit kicking Buhtz on. That's like get your Buhtz on. We're we're outta here. Get get your Buhtz on. We're outta here. Come on Mandy. Come on. Buhtz. Oh, Joseph. Joseph. Joey, Joseph. Well it wasn't Joe. Joe, Joe. No, I'm just picturing Turing. Joe Bradley from Southern Hospitality. What? I dunno. Just Joe. Oh, just Joe Bradley. Oh man. Oh my God. That's really scary though.


No, genuinely what? Horrifying And like in this raspy dead ungodly voice just being like, like hell is babe, thank. That's so scary. It's so scary. I just like conjured that You did. That was good. Yeah. Thank you Joey. It's my souls. Joey put his, his Buhtz on and he kicked throat Buhtz. I don't know why. Let's just name this episode. Buhtz Buhtz listener Jones Buhtz. Buhtz and Motions. Oh Buhtz. Oh man. Well it wasn't too long after that that Mandy sought the council of a priest from a nearby Catholic church. He was young, clearly knew at his job. Priest. I got a Is he a hot priest?


Immediately? I felt like. Yes. As soon as you said it. I was like, it's hot. He's young and he is new at his job. Oh yeah. He's gotta be hot. We got a hot priest coming. I love this story. Woo. Hot priest. Priest alert. Oh you know I love midnight mass. Let's go. I still gotta watch that. You do. But upon hearing all of this hot young priest heard all the evidence that Mandy had presented to him. He gave her the rosary off his neck and said that there was a demon in her dorm room. They always go straight to demon. This also just like feels like a movie because it's like the hot young priest comes after we just, we just made him hot.


No, he's 100% hot. Young priest. Sexy priest. He comes and he just like gives the rosary off of his Yeah. Neck you. And he is like, you got a demon. You got a demon. You got yourself a demon. Thanks. Hot priest. He said get your Buhtz on the ground. His name's No it's not. With that accent. Yes. Can he gimme a hot young priest named Jenna? No, he can't. No of offense. Her name's Jenna. I know, but I'm s It just doesn't work. It's not, that's not in my fantasy. It's not me. It's science. What's what's hot young priest name? What's hot Young priest name Luke.


I'm just thinking of Luke Cook Now I know I can't get Luke Cook. I'm watching Emily in Paris, so I'm thinking of that Luke and that's like, no, I don't know what that is not my vibe. Yeah, it's not your bag. Hot young priest. Mikey. How Father Sean O'Malley. Oh, I'm for that soul. Let's go Father Sean O'Malley. Thank you Mikey. In the accent that Mikey said, Mikey inserted a hot Irish priest. Here we go. Let's go. Here we go girls. Okay. Well so he said by using the name Joseph, it was clearly mocking Christianity. I knew it. I had a, I almost said it but I didn't wanna be that bitch, you know? Well he should have been that bitch, But you wanna be that bitch. I forget what instructions hot young priest gave her.


I'm just calling him that now. She She he is. 'cause she forgot the instructions. Yeah, exactly. But clearly this was something that she was gonna have to take care of on her own, which is like kind of lame of the hot young priest A little bit. I was floored. Aren't they gonna come help? Is he really not gonna come and cleanse your room? Apparently the answer was no. But she said the fear in his eyes told her all that she needed to know this was bad. We tried his recommendations and even tried praying in her native language Spanish but to no avail man. I'm like, you know when you like get coffee from laughing too hard? Mandy eventually moved out the dorm because things had gotten so bad And she moved in with us by move in. I mean she was sleeping in a sleeping bag between my bed and my roommate's bed.


I don't blame her. I don't either. We only had a week or two before finals and we could finally get the hell out of there. Mandy's haunted dorm that we shared a wall with had been cleaned, emptied, and locked by the university staff. They said, don't go in there. Holy shit. They said, nobody's cleaning up your sugar bitch. Nobody had a key anymore. Let me just drive this point home. Nobody had any access to this room. Got it. We continued. That is the devil. The devil the devil. We continued to hear the heavy footsteps pacing back and forth in the room. We heard the medicine cabinet open and slam shut. We heard what sounded like pencils rolling up and down the desk. Tension was at an all time high. Maybe he was just writing a novel perhaps and just getting really frustrated.


Really frustrating. Slamming the medicine. Does the medicine. Does the medicine, whatever cabinet. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Slamming the Buhtz. His Buhtz were still going, but tension was at an all time high. We were all so stressed from living in a paranormal hellscape on top of studying for finals and living on top of each other and Mandy just snapped. After a particularly loud march of the Buhtz march of the Buhtz, march of the Buhtz. Mandy stomped her way over to the shared wall and started banging on it. She yelled, Hey motherfucker, we're trying to study. Shut the fuck up. Damn. What a legend, right? What truly what a legend. Yeah. Apparently it didn't find it so amusing. The footsteps stopped where they were across the room pivoted.


I shit you not. I could hear the heels of the Buhtz pivoting in the cheap dorm room carpet and they even marched to the opposite side of the wall directly in front of Mandy's face, separated only by wall. A binder on the shelf above her head literally flew off the shelf in the opposite direction that it was leaning. We all ran out out as fast as our freshman legs would carry us. Damn, this is horrifying. Her sweet angelic parents actually paid for us to stay in a hotel that night. That should be the end of our problems. Right? Wrong. Wrong. Yeah. That night, as we were all drifting off to sleep, the entire hotel bed began vi began violently shaking like all four legs. Took their turn coming off in the carpet and landing back down with a thud except speeded up times 20 and that's what it felt like.


Cool. The whole thing only lasted for a few seconds, but I was frozen in fear. I was sharing the bed with Mandy and neither of us moved. Neither of us. Neither of us even said anything. We were so scared but so exhausted. We eventually fell asleep. But the next morning I asked her if she felt the bed violently shake the night before. Unsurprisingly, she confirmed my fear. We ended up moving to a different hotel for the rest of finals week and luckily no more incidents for the rest of our stay. I came back the next year as a sophomore, but Mandy understandably did not return. Yeah, fuck that. The trauma from the past year just was too much. I kept an eye on the window of her old dorm room during this time. There was a light on in there for the first couple of weeks of school, but after that the room went dark for the rest of the year.


I guess the new tenant was also experiencing what it was like to rub elbows with Joseph. Joseph. Anyways, that's the story of how I accidentally became neighbors with a demon my freshman year of college. Hope you enjoyed me. Reliving my deepest repressed memories. Keep it weird. Friends. Lisa. Lisa. That was an epic tale. That was amazing. That's the scariest college experience you could possibly have. I feel one of them. I love it. Yeah. I'm pretty obsessed. I want some more of it. I wanna know where this school is. I won't tell anyone. Yeah, can you tell us? I promise. Yeah. I just wanna know so I can go to there. Go to there. I wanna research about there now I wanna know what the fuck was going on.


And also hot young priest got a downgrade though 'cause I'm like you're not gonna go in the room. Yeah. Put part of being a hot young priest is you walk into a demon filled area and you start being a hot young priest. That's what you signed up for. Hot young priest. If you're just walking up there being a hot young priest and you're like, I'm not going in that room, then you've lost it. Well then you're not fault. What am I even looking at right now? Go away. Yeah. Are you not even gonna protect me? Ew. Yeah. You're not even gonna like try to get possessed for me. Really stupid. Whatever. Sean O'Malley. Okay, Sean, Lisa. I loved that tale. That was great. I great. I love you for that. Tail hurt you. Let's see. Alright, my next one is going to be Bradford College.


Haverhill, Massachusetts Haunted College. That's a chill sauce. Hello my lovely ladies. I've attached a double space putah for your convenience. You can use my name and any in this tale. I'm a proud mass asshole and I've grown up enjoying all the sites you gals talk about. I got inspired to write this tale from the Listener Tales Haunted College. I'm not a very good writer, so please feel free to edit. Doubt it. Yeah. Yeah. I know you won't, but I have to say it. But If you do read it, totally Google it. Bradford is super active in creeps. Oh. And please explain to the non-New Englanders that Haverhill is pronounced. Haverhill, not Haverhill. Just so you know. Lara. Let's see. Let's talk about ha roll up in here.


All of our Listener Tales have been from L Names. I know. That is funny. Yeah. Laura, Lisa and was it Lily? Leah. Leah Baker. Yeah. Leah Baker. Leah motherfucking baker Alias. That is weird. La la la. And we've had at least two New England colleges and I have a sneaking suspicion that last one was New England. It felt New England. Me. It did. Yeah. Alright, so hello weirdos. I am Lara and yes, you can use my name pronounced Lara. Most people think, I don't know how to either spell or say my name, but I assure you I know both and now you do too. I am a New England gal through and through and boy do I have a great local college haunting FOR you. Like all the other listener tale submitters.


If you read this, I will shit a dick. I also did seven years of IVF. Seven years. Oh my God, you're a fucking warrior. And 10 years ago had my precious twins, so I 100% relate to the kid talk and it makes us working. Moms feel less, less than, and it's not easy, but would not trade it for the world. Thank you for saying that. That's sweet. I appreciate that. Yeah. For two years I attended Bradford College, which was is in Haverhill, Massachusetts. This school is no longer called Bradford College. As it shut down at the end of my second year due to the president embezzling all the money in skipping town. Google it. We protested in everything, but my tale is not about that piece of shit. Garbage human. The school is like 150 years old or some shit like that and evolved throughout the years.


I it was a hospital, an all girls school and then a college. That's crazy. And it just occurred to me that now it's probably abandoned. Right. Ooh, Bradford. I love that. It's what? It was a hospital first. I know. That's so cool. Whenever a hospital turns into a school, shit always goes down. And if it's abandoned now I want to go to there. Yeah. Legally go. Yeah. Totally. Not trespass. No, of course not. Oh, of course not. When looking from the street at the school, there is a main school building which was used when I was there as dorms and business offices. And was the building used for the hospital from the same road. You can see two outbuildings. One is a theater and the other is just a building of classrooms. All three of these buildings are connected by tunnels.


My first year of college I lived in the main building and never had to leave as the cafeteria was in my building too. I was very pale that year. All these buildings have their own hauntings. Main building, haunting. This building was where the hospital was run and it has four floors and has a beautiful ornate wooden staircase that made you feel like you lived in a mansion. We would sometimes hang out on the stairs as they were carpeted and stupid kids hang out in the weirdest of places. Since we were bad asses in college with no real adults in sight, we would hang out all over the building at all hours of night. One night we were just there chilling and we heard on the fourth floor the sound of kids giggling and what sounded like running up and down the hallway. Fun fact. The fourth floor was the children's ward to the hospital.


Ooh. We looked at each other and noted back to our rooms. We often would hear this commotion around 3:00 AM ick in the same main building. There's one room that is basically a gateway to hell. Okay. I like how casually you said that. Yeah, just like basically a gateway, basically kind of. I am a hundred years old now, so I'm not a hundred. It's the same. So I'm not a hundred percent sure the exact number of this room, but it is a corner room. Things would be moved when the occupant was out and would fly across the room when they were in. No one joked about the goings on in this room and it was always cold. Oh, the story slash legend is some hippie opened a gateway to hell and never closed it. It's kind of like unfair that the hippies get blamed.


I kind of love that though. That's so scary. And I totally believe it. No amount of sage. We were college kids. We all had sage 'cause want, wanted. We were wannabe hippies and well, pot was going to clear that room. Now for the priest in the main building, is he hot and young? Is it a hot young


priest? Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Corey and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast Against the Odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds. We put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the Thai cave rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines, they're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the Odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today


Along with the, with being a hospital. It was an all girls school that was of course run by nuns and had a resident priest. One of the priests was so evil. Ah, oh, he's not a hot young priest. He's not a hot young priest. Everybody. Danger. Danger. Not a hot young priest, one of the priests was so evil, he would molest the girls and shame them into silence because priests, one of these girls, was so distraught that she jumped from the roof of the main building and the kitchen building to her death. Oh my God. This woman in yellow haunts the cafeteria that is in this building. The lunch, ladies do not joke about this, and the woman comes and goes.


Even during the day, she will move things on the staff to the point where they have to say, stop it lady. My friend who worked with Ur decided to check it out one night. Security ity, my friend. I was about to laugh. I couldn't let it go. I love how you go. Wait, wait. Shut the fuck up. I gotta make fun of you. Honestly, I get it. I would've done the same thing. Sh Shie. Yeah. My friend who worked with security decided to check it out. One night, the woman in yellow started typing on the cash register. They noted on out the there and refused to go back to do the rounds ever again. Damn. The theater. This ghost is a little girl who is mischievous and likes to mess with the lights and likes to hang out in this little winding staircase that leads to the balcony of the theater.


Ooh. She's very active and shows herself to many. I've never seen her, but the theater teacher would have to ask her to not mess with them during performances. That's so funny. I think she might have been another suicide and had jumped from the catwalk of the stage. Oh, that's so sad. I wanna find this man, even if he's dead and kill him all over again. Seriously. I'm gonna find this priest. I'm gonna fuck his world up. Yep. Now, for the haunting that my friend, we'll call him Andy Experienced, he decided to do a documentary on the school and the hauntings. I love Andy. Oh, that's cool. When he was editing his film in the technology lab, the lights and computers would go off and on, and it took him forever to edit. Then when he went to show the film, which was in a theater in the library building, we only got to see the first five minutes.


Somehow the film would not play and the lights were not working. Oh, we've had that happen with episodes. Yes. One episode in particular. Stop. Remember that one episode that like, it wouldn't let us continue recording. It was crazy. That scared the shit out of me. Yeah. That was scary. We all noted out of there for this documentary, he had invited a psychic to come and walk through the school. That's so sad. The day before she arrived at the school, her apartment smelled like a swamp. The same smell that existed on our campus as we had a pond that ran through parts of it. What? Who? The psychic met the little girl, and I think other ghosts, but we never got to see the documentary. The same friend woke up a couple of times, paralyzed and felt like someone was on top of him.


This happened in the same dorm that the priest reported to have molested the girls in. Oh, that's awful. The last haunting happened to my security. Ur. Ur, the guard friend. They were patrolling the grounds during winter break. No one was staying on campus and it was deserted. They were in the library building where we tried to watch the documentary and saw a man dressed in priests, black cloak and big rim hat. Walk out the door, fight him. I just gotta chill, fight that motherfucker. He went after the guy into the room, but the man was gone. There was a door in that room going to the outside, but no footprints in the snow. The priest just disappeared, and I guess he should The garden. Nope. The fuck outta there. Damn. That's terrifying. Well, that is my tale, and I hope it made sense and I hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you haunt poor, poor, stoner kids just trying to have a party.


I've pasted pictures of the college in one of the tunnels, but If you Google haunted Bradford College, you can see more mysterious pictures. Ooh. Oh, I know this college. Definitely Google this college guys. Oh, and they would use those tunnels to get to class. Sometimes those tunnels are scary as fuck. Not those. Not those tunnels. Not these tunnels. No. Fuck that, Lara. That was a good one. Yeah. Oh, this is a beautiful campus. It is. The most haunted ones always are. Oh, I really want to go to there. I want to go to there. I want to go to there. Maybe we will. Maybe. All right. This will be the last one. Last one, and it's gonna be the Haunted School and the Hungry Ghost.


Ooh. It's like a children's novel. Yeah. Let's see. Hey, spooky ladies. My name is Sam and you can please call me Sam. Can I call you Lamb? Nope. Sam. Okay. Can we call kidding? Can we call you? Just kidding? Game. Just, I must start off with the usual. I came across your podcast after needing something to take the edge off. See, I'm a pregnant teacher who is no longer allowed wine or cold cuts, and was searching for something to soothe my soul. Oh, I love a cold cut. I'm glad we could soothe. Soothe your soul. I'm like wine and cold cuts. That's a big compliment. Yeah. Yeah. You both popped into my life and I'm truly thankful to share my days with you. Teaching through a pandemic morning sickness, and now heartburn have been no fun. But hearing you both share your humor and knowledge with the world makes it a lot brighter.


Aw. Don't stop what you're doing, and I hope one day our paths will cross, Sam. Yeah. I hope so too. Yeah. I was so sweet. And at this point I hope your baby rocks 'cause they're probably like five. Hell yeah. Your baby rocks, Sam. Pandemic. Babies are crazy, huh? Yeah. Yeah. How you doing with that? Elena has one. How's, how's that going? Yeah. Ps my spooky crotch goblin is due in November, please. Spooky crotch goblin. Please know I will be raising not only a strong female, but also your newest group of Morbid fans. Hell yeah. Yeah. Any who? To my story. Right from college, being a desperate young, and I accepted a job at an old Catholic school near my college. Hot young priest. Hot young priests. Hot young priest. Are we this?


This isn't haunted colleges. This is hot, young, hot, young priests, priest. Except we broke it with the last one. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe this will be, this will make up for another. Yeah, it'll make up FOR you, but yeah. Well, who knows? I haven't read it. Yeah. So even though the pay was cropped, I felt right at home and I was crop, did I say crop? Even though the The pay was crop. I think that might have been like my valley girl coming out. I that even though the pay was cropped, the pay was cro. Take the 10 to the four to the five. It was crop, crop raw. So even though the pay was crop, I felt right at home and I was eager to get my foot in the door. Flash forward to starting my 13th year of teaching. I still love what I do. Just lucky. Number 13. Oh yeah. I just need a few more naps and glasses of wine than I used to.


I also need to specify that I am not Catholic. Not that there's anything wrong with that. No, but I was hired because who can say no to a spunky blonde who's willing to work her ass off for less than $30,000 a year? Not this lady. Nope. Let's just say there were, they were more than okay with me not converting. I would consider myself spiritual. I believe in God and heaven spirits, but I also believe in women's right to choose LGBTQ plus community and protecting trans kids, gun control, et cetera. Hell yeah. Sam, Sam, Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Sam. Okay. Climbing off my soapbox to get to the spooky part. The school was really old, run down, but beautiful, and the best thing was it was a church, then a, a convent. Yay. For adorable nuns, and then turned into a crumb, a crumbling school many years later.


Then it just turned into a crumb. Then it was a crumb. A wee little crumb. Little crumb. A little crumb. That's a spooky ass evolution. Yeah, that's, that's scary. Going from a church to a convent to a kids' Catholic school, and then to a cru, and then to a cru. To a cru. So let's just say the, let's just say entering the building gave off a certain feel to it. Yeah. Maybe that was just the mold in the walls, the bats that needed to be caught monthly. But something always felt like it was just there with you. Or maybe that could have been the many jesuses on the cross that lined the walls. The hall. That was what I was, that's definitely what I was. That was it. When the building was used as a convent, one unique feature was that it had a tunnel tunnels.


Tunnels in the far corner of the building. Why the hell would that be? You might ask, well, back in the day when the town's first hospital was adjacent to the coven. Yeah. Convent to the cove. I keep saying I like that. Yeah. What to their coven? You're thinking, you're thinking, right? Yeah. Nun, nuns would use the tunnel to enter the hospital at a moment's notice. When somebody was nearing the end of their life, they would be called over to provide some comfort and help give lost rights. A Catholic tradition of a special prayer when someone is dying. I never saw this tunnel myself, but our custodian said it was locked up, but he would open it from time to time to make sure the tunnel wasn't collapsing. I would've given my right arm to tour that tunnel. Yes. But I had to keep up appearances that I was a mature adult who was in charge of children.


I'll never do that. Yeah. No. Random side note. The school had all the original windows, doors, hardware, old and crappy, but cool. And the railings in our school were called Nun catchers. Nun catchers, as they were the old style of railing with a long pole, and the nuns would be running down the stairs, but get snagged by the poles on their long habits. I never knew that was a thing. I can't. I need to gone deep. Deep. Blake Catholic school shit. Nun catchers. Nun catchers. That's awesome. I think I called them nun grabbers. I like that. Nun catchers. Walking my students down the stairs. Always felt so cool to think of how many people had walked this building before me, and how many nuns were snagged as I caught my teacher sweaters.


All the hell. Yeah. One day I was alone in my classroom during the summer months prepping for the following year. See why they hired me. I'm much older and wiser, and I thought, and I wouldn't be caught dead there during my break, of course, not working in my room. I heard the doorbell. Yes. An old school doorbell. As we kept our school secure during the day, and you had to be let in If you didn't have a key looking out the window, I saw a FedEx truck knowing the office was closed, I went to get the door. As I saw, he had a few rather large boxes. I ran down the stairs. My room was on the second floor, signed for the packages, held the door and said goodbye, and thank you to the delivery driveway. As I closed the door and turned to go up the stairs, I heard a cupboard slam shut. If you stand at the front of the school, you're greeted by a split level, along with a very, along with a very ripped Jesus on the cross.


Whoa. A very ripped Jesus. Jesus says, can you spot me? One set of stairs goes up to the classroom. Do you even lift? Bro? Imagine Jesus. Just we looking at you and saying, do you even lift breath? Iconic. They, they pull the lunk alarm for Jesus athletic fitness. He definitely gets the luck alarm. Right. One set of stairs goes up to the classrooms and the other goes down to more space. The noise came from the downstairs area. I would've shipped myself. Yep. This area was underground, but still had very tiny windows on top. It held a multipurpose room along with our teacher lounge, you know, because what says, come enjoy and relax with your lunch in the basement.


Yeah. I know the sound came from the staff lounge. I heard it again this time. A bit softer. I stood like an idiot on the stairs. This set of stairs going up. Of course. But I thought I should probably call out in case it was a hungry coworker. I should do that before I ship my pants, because if good old Carol comes walking up with a salad in hand, I'm never gonna be able to come back to work. So I called out. Hey, Mr. John, is that you, Mr. John? I thought it might have been our custodian as he works during the summer months. No answer. And again, standing like an idiot. I heard it, the sound, I knew exactly what it was, but I will never forget it. I heard a drawer slide and slam open. Then what sounded like If you took your hand, placed it on a pile of cutlery, silverware, metal, spo, serving spoons, et cetera, and began to violently shake your hand around.


Oh, so like, like that was a very good way of describing that. Yeah. That's fucking, I know exactly what that sound is terrifying. The sound was so loud. It sounded like the drawer itself was shaking loose from the wall. I took one final listen and bolted up the stairs. Yeah. Fuck that. Why not just go outside? You may ask. Well, my car, keys, phone and purse were all in my classroom and I needed to go there first. I feel that once to my room, having passed a second rip, Jesus on the cross should have pulled the bunk alarm. I closed my door and I called my sister. I needed a minute to muster the courage to bolt. I needed to leave my room past the rip Jesus and down the same set of stairs to the school code. You should have grabbed the rip Jesus off the wall. The power of rip Jesus compels you.


The power of leg day compels you these quads I would need to turn back to. Oh, I was gonna say rip Jesus again. Put the code in and leave. But I was dreading doing that with my back toward the stairs leading to the basement on the phone with my sister. I ran down the stairs, punched in the code, and took the quickest look into the basement before slamming the door behind me. All was silent and still, except for my heart beating in my ears and my sister on the line telling me I was okay. How the hell would she know? Once I was in the parking lot, I had another scare. As I frantically looked around the parking lot, I saw no cars, no bikes, no other teachers. Not the custodian. Not even the goddamn pope had been in the building with me. Oh no.


I had been alone in that building. Oh, no. Thanks ladies for listening. It it keep it weird. Take it away, Ash. But not so weird that you don't do leg day with Jesus. It's true. Don't do that. I hate that. That freaks me out. I can hear that sound in my head of like metal clanging together and it's very like hospital like. Yeah, too. Like that. Kind of like the metal drawer. They sh clanging the trays back. Yeah. Like that just freaks me out. Ew. Damn. There was no hot priest in that one. There was no hot priest in that one. Damn. Just a hungry ghost. That's okay. You know you can't have a hot priest all the time. You truly can't. Bye. Well, bye. That was a fun one.


That was a fun one. I liked that one. I liked that. The Spooky schools was definitely a good choice. It really was. And we'll be dressed up for the next one. We'll, we'll plan ahead. I was just gonna say that. Yeah, we'll make sure we're in costume in the garb. We just, we don't half-ass. Maybe we'll dress up as hot priests. Oh my God. Can we do that? We can do whatever we want. 'cause it's our show. We're gonna do that. Alright. You heard it here first. We'll be back next month as hot priests. So look forward to that. Look forward to it. And in the meantime, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. But that's worthy you one. Don't dress up as a hot priest too, that you're, that If you are a hot priest, you don't help somebody with their fucking demon shit going on. Yeah.


Keep it so weird that you're a hungry ghost. Yeah. Because live your best life and just keep it weird. Just keep it weird. Yeah. Sorry, I broke, but I love you and I, I don't know. Bye. Make sure to get your books. Books. Keep it so weird that you put your books on. Yay. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Are you captivated by the dark and mysterious world of true crime? Wondery Plus offers you the ultimate true crime experience with early access to new episodes, exclusive content, and a seamless ad-free listening journey. With one plus, you'll get access to hundreds of Podcasts, including more than 50 true Crime series like Dr. Death. The shocking true story of a trusted surgeon who brought unimaginable pain and suffering to his patients. This was not An operation that was performed. This was attempted murder. And there's Morbid. The Hit podcast, that's a lighthearted nightmare with Wondery Plus, you get access to exclusive bonus content too, allowing you to dive deeper into the cases you love. Like in Suspect, where an ordinary Halloween party turned into a terrifying murder mystery that left its mark on the community. This case is one of those rollercoaster rides where it's like, no, he did it for sure. No, he for sure he did it. Each story is crafted to keep you enthralled, revealing the complexities and motivations behind every crime. Subscribe to Wondery Plus on the Wonder App, Apple Podcast, or Spotify today. Unlock the door to a world of true crime like never before. With Wondery Plus, the best true crime stories are always at your fingertips.