
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's S Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus today You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


We get support from Amazon Prime. Hey weirdos. You know what's literally the most amazing thing ever? Amazon Prime. Listen up. 'cause this is gonna blow your minds with Prime. You get faster than lightning delivery. Unlike everything we're talking millions of items. Literally everything you could ever want or need. But wait, there's more. There's more than everything you could want or need. Prime video lets you binge all those shows we're obsessed with, and Amazon Music has all the bops for your next dance party. I have been ordering a little bit on Prime lately. I had to get some ear plugs the other night because my husband was a snore, snore, snore in. And I said, please send them to me the very next day. And they did. That was great. Loved that. Whether you're a total bookworm, a gaming fanatic, or you just really like trying new things or sleeping through the night without your husband snoring, waking you up, prime's got your back. EBooks for days free in-game goodies and everything you need to make your next DIY project from streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you are into


from the creator of Think twice. Michael Jackson listened to the new audible original final Thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the King of trash tv Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program transfixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to audible.com/springer.


Hey weirdos. I am Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is morbid. This is morbid. And we're, we're not gonna get right into it, but I just want to say we're talking about a case today that is rough. Oh, so we should do some, some bitty banter at the beginning. Yeah, we should prep everybody. Okay. Ahead of time. Well, let's see. We all in this office have brand new tattoos. We do. We went to Black Vale in Salem.


Yeah, of course. Saw Matt and Ryan or Besties Love. If ever need a tattoo, you need to go to Black Vale. You do. You just have to For many reasons. Yeah. For the company, for the am Esthetic, the ambiance, the tattoos, the vibes, the viby. You gotta do it all. Yeah, it's true. Do it. So that was delightful. That was super fun. It was a nice little like treat yourself day. Yeah, it was. What else is going on? I'm trying to think what's, what's the news? What's the hot goss? What's the 4 1 1? The four one ones that I, oh, what Mike, you just reminded me.


What Conclave. Oh, conclave. Conclave Watch came to a crashing halt very quickly. Yeah. It started just as quick as it ended. Yeah. I was watching live though. You were? So I had it up on my computer 'cause I was ready. She screamed. Oh, new po. It's, I said, oh, it's happening. I said, oh. Soon as that white smoke came out, I said, oh my God, we got an American chap egg. We got him. Which I'm shocked that's the first time ever. Right? First time ever. And like, especially right now, I'm like, wow. Shocking. I know that, that we managed to pull that off. And we can say Pope Leo Pop Parly. We are, he seems pretty cool as far as Popes go. Yeah. I think he's like progressive and shit.


Yeah. Very outspoken. Yeah. He picked a cool name Leo. We've had a lot of Francis's. We've had a lot of John Paul's and all that shenanigans. So, you know, let's, nice see Leo in there. Yeah, let's fucking go. John said he is because John looked him up because I've been obsessing over conclave. So he was like, I should probably know this. He looked him up and apparently he's from Villanova, which meant nothing to me until John said that a lot of the Knicks players are from Villanova. Oh. And so he was like, uhoh Villanova's having a moment. And I said, you get Pope or you get finals. Yeah. You do not get both. No, you fucking don't.


So Nick's listen to me right now. You chose Pope. You got Pope. Okay. So you got Pope, you get picked Pope, you don't get the NBA finals. So I know, honestly, I think that's a good thing. John thought it was Villanova having a moment. And that's bad. I say you get Pope or you get finals. Yeah. That's what I feel. And I think the, the Celtics that we just have to hope and pray that they're gonna make history for, you know, another year. Yeah. You know, there's, this is all on purpose. It's not at all, but I know I just became a fan, so let me have this. But yeah, so that's, I'm sitting here in my brand new Celtic sweatshirt. You are. We really hope. True. 'cause you know what? I'm a fan no matter how it's going. It's true. As you should be. I hope it upticks soon.


I also hope that we are on the precipice of game three. We'll let you know guys. I know. But of course Happy Mother's Day. Everybody. Mother's Day weekend. We have to like go do stuff. There's a Celtics game. I'm like, gosh darn it. I'm gonna be like that, that sports bra at the table with my phone. I know. Watching it on your phone. I know. But yeah, so that's cool that, I mean, Pope watch 2025 ended as quickly as it began, but it was still fun watching them close the doors on the Sistine Chapel. I was like, this is so metal. It's, there's like sealing them in there and they're all sitting down. It looked very like cinematic. We need more traditions. We don't have any like cool traditions. Yeah. Well, and I'm, you know, I don't, again, like the Pope really doesn't affect my day-to-day life in any way, shape, or form.


But like, I was interested. Yeah. Because it is nice to see a more progressive mouthpiece for Jesus talking. I think that's important. Yeah. 'cause we don't need somebody spewing hate and bullshit to people who will take what he says very seriously. Because he is seen as the word of, of the Maud. He's young though. He's 69. So this one might be hanging around for a while. Okay. So Jesus, we might, we might have Leo dynasty happening. Jesus's word will be pretty, pretty lit for the next, it'll be years for a while. Let's hope so. You know, that's, that's an interesting, interesting little update. Yeah. Thought we were gonna have conclave watch for a little while. Thought I was gonna get to talk about it for a little, little know.


But I did find out there was a weird conclave that happened a while ago that took like three years though. And I think they ended up taking the bill, like the roof off the building that they were in and everything. It was a long time ago. Wait, why'd they take the roof off the building to force them to make a decision? They also rationed their food to bread and water. Wow. Like stopped feeding them actual food. That's dark. They, well, they were like three years pick a pope. Oh. I mean, let's, let's do this. Yeah. So maybe, maybe we'll cover that. 'cause that seems like a very interesting little, I know you brought that up the other day And I was That sounds interesting. Yeah, it's a weird one. Yeah. But yeah, that was, that was an interesting update that happened yesterday. Yeah. I think that's like all the news Celtics pope tattoos.


Yeah. Other than that, we're gonna get into a really shitty person. Okay. No, I think we, we have briefly touched upon this man, I believe in a crime countdown. Okay. 'cause when I was reading about him, I was like, why do I know this? And then I was like, oh, that's always the worst feeling. 'cause then you're like, have I done this? And I'm like, we didn't cover this in full. But yeah, it's The Life and Death of Lobster Boy, Grady Stiles. Right. I don Grady Stiles Jr. Not, it's not ringing a bell in my crime countdown part of my brain. This is one of those things that he, so obviously the life and death, he dies.


Yeah. He's murdered. Murder is never Okay. But you are gonna hear me say he's a shit bag of a human being. Oh. Is this like a Ken? A Ken Mackelroy deal. He's a, he's a, an abusive, awful person to the, to his daughters and to his wife. Oh. So obviously no one deserves to be killed. But I'm just saying like, you're gonna hear me talk some shit about him because he deserves it. Yeah. You, I mean, you gotta be real no matter what. Yeah. I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna let you know. So who it? Grady Stiles. Tell me. Grady Franklin Stiles Jr. Not Franklin. Not Franklin. My oldest I know was born June 26th, the 1937.


What does that make him? So I think at that point he's a cancer. He's a cancer. Okay. I don know a lot about cancer men. I do. He fits. Oh yeah. Yeah. He fits. Yeah. The third child of Edna and Grady Stiles. Grady Stiles was a carnival worker and performer. He was billed as one of life's human oddities. Oh, that's terrible to say. There's a lot of this kind of like Yeah. Carnivals were white talk of quote unquote freaks and such. Grady Sr. Was born with electro, which is a physical deformity where one or more fingers on the hands or toes on the feet are missing.


Oh, okay. This condition though, gave Grady Sr. And it often gives people who are dealing with it the appearance of having claw like hands. Okay. So kinda like those of a lobster. A lobster. This led to his being billed on the side show circuit as the Lobster Man. Now, despite being a very rare condition, it affects actually roughly one in every 100,000 babies born. Wow. Electro ran in the Stiles family as far back as the 1840s. That's crazy. In some cases it'll occur in both the hands and feet. But in Grady Stiles case, it only occurred in his hands. The senior. So when the couple's third child, Grady Junior was born, no one was really surprised to discover that this child had inherited the condition which was present in Grady Stiles Junior's hands and feet.


Oh, okay. Now, according to author Fred, Fred Rosen, the Stiles family had always not really listened to the advice of doctors who warned against having children because of the likelihood of them inheriting this condition. Because especially when it's of the hands and feet, it leads to a very difficult life. You know? Yeah. Right. The, and according to Rosen, their attitude was quote, hell, if a child was born a freak, it was the child's problem. The child's in God's. Oh, okay. That's one way to look at it, which is like, damn, what an outlook. That's, that's your problem. Little baby. Yeah. Child that didn't ask to be brought into this world. Like that's fucked up in a way I can't describe.


Yeah. In fact, Grady Junior's sister Sarah had also inherited their father's condition, but it only affected one arm. And one leg years into her adulthood. Actually, Sarah had her non-functional leg amputated and replaced with an artificial limb. Okay. Unlike his sister, Grady's affliction was far worse than even their father's. Oh. And prevented him from being able to walk. He was, he had to rely on a wheelchair for mobility. Okay. Now, at the time of his birth, the Stiles family was living in relative poverty in Pittsburgh's north side. They were barely getting by on the, the wages they were getting from the carnival circuit. And for Grady, early life was a challenge, to say the very least.


Again, you feel really bad for young Grady. Yeah. He was given a lot to deal with. A lot to deal with right out the gate. Yeah. With his father, constantly on the road with the sideshow, there was no one around to normalize his condition. Really? Oh. Which was a problem. And so he was treated as a spectacle whenever his mother took him out of the apartment, which is, that must be very difficult. Yeah. Fortunately, just a few years after he was born, they did relocate to Gibson, which is a small town in central Florida. And this is very interesting. In the decades that had proceeded them moving there, this had become a popular place to move for retired circus workers. Oh. And those who, who were seeking refuge during the off season of the circus and the carnival.


So due to the large number of performers in town, they had also, the local administration had also established very like unusual zoning laws. And this allowed the residents to keep elephants, tigers, and other large exotic animals on their property. Damn. Which would solve the problems also of boarding the circus animals. Right. But for young Grady, this kind of solved the problem of him feeling like an outcast because now he's hanging out with a bunch of circus workers and sideshow workers, and the kids are sideshow workers and a bunch of exotic animals. Like yeah. He fits in. He's not weird. Like he's just one of them. But it didn't do anything to solve their financial issues. That's a moment.


As a result, the Stiles children were all expected to just kind of forego traditional schooling and just pitch in at the circus to help support the family as the only able Bo fully able bodied child. Margaret the oldest, worked the ticket booth until she actually ended up passing away from a brain aneurysm in 1951 at the age of 18. Oh wow. This family had, they went through it so much to deal with. Yeah. For Grady Jr. His, he was just gonna live a life of performing. That was what he was going to do. Just as his father had from one small town to another. The family spent the majority of their lives traveling with the carnival and they were billed as the lobster family.


Oh yeah. Throughout the first half of the 20th century circuses like Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey were so popular around the country, particularly during the Depression of War years, you know, when a family could expect a day's worth of entertainment for a very small feat, and just to take them away from all the, the shit that was going on. Reality. Exactly. Reality for the carnival workers and performers, the pay might not have been great, but it was consistent. And the work offered, you know, a a stable and supportive environment that a lot of them had not experienced outside of the circus. Yeah. They didn't kind of treated like shit. In fact, Fred Rosen said in those days, the carnival was indeed a family.


In those days, people joined up for the duration. They stayed with the same carnival through thick and thin. They were there for each other. The fat man, the bearded lady, the rust abouts, and the strippers. It just became like a kind of, you know, it's like American horror story freak show. Yeah. How they become like a family. Yeah. You know, in the present it would obviously be very illegal for parents to just take their kids out of school and be like, you're working at the circus for good reason. Like, but under the circumstances and given his experiences in a, you know, quote unquote ordinary community, Grady Jr. Was honestly happier with the sideshow than he had been. Just go in Pitsburgh gonna school. Well, that's good. Not only was his family be able to just be together all the time, but he also loved performing and he liked being in the spotlight.


Like it, he was okay with it seemed to feed him like he really liked it. And when they weren't on the road, they retired to Gibson and there he was treated as just any other child in town. So it was, he wasn't dealing with that bullshit, you know? And he was able to live a relatively normal childhood among other children of circus workers. Yes. Like their normal, I was gonna say a different kind of normal, what they saw as that, despite the acceptance he found in Gibson and his ability to, you know, help the family by working at the sideshow circuit, greedy Stiles. His life was definitely one of hardship. Yeah. It's not like he was just coasting through. He had a lot to deal with. And it wasn't long before this kind of hardship that was just kind of hardwired inside of him was leading to a lot of bitterness.


Mm. Because again, it's not like he was treated nicely by everyone he came in contact with. You know what I mean? Right. Like he, some, there's people who understood his struggles. Yeah. And some people, I'm sure the people that came to the circus sometimes would probably dehumanize him and like that, I'm sure that's gonna live in your nervous system at some point. Yeah, definitely. So he was often frustrated, often bitter, but he was very determined to prove himself to be as capable as anybody else. Yeah. He be, so, one thing he could do, which he did, like he very much fi fixated on, was building up his strength in his early teens and he developed incredible upper body strength.


Really? Yeah. And that he used this kind of to compensate for his lack of, you know, dexterity, lack of being able to really move around like he felt everybody else could. At the same time, he adapted to his condition really well and had learned to use his hands Wow. In like a claw like fashion. So he could hold objects, he could write, he could do other like very complex tasks with his hands. Okay. Which, when you look at it, you're like, wow, that's amazing. At this point you're like, good for you man. Yeah. Like you really like took lemons and you made lemonade out of the like Yeah. Good for you. Now, by the early 1950s, Grady Sr. His father had decided it was gonna be much more lucrative for the family to go into business for themselves.


And they struck out on their own. Now around this time, 17-year-old Grady Jr. Married his first wife, Deborah Brady. That was in a small ceremony in Tampa, Florida. Now, unfortunately, that was only gonna last about a year before they divorced. And Grady ended up just really focusing on the business for a little while. It, he's a horrible husband. Okay. Just to put that out there, it lasted a year. I not surprised by that. I don. Yeah. I don't know how you, based on what we find out later. Yeah. Marriage to him was not a fun time. Ugh. Now Grady didn't have to wait long to find love again though. Mm. In the spring of 1959, during a stop in Trenton, New Jersey, Grady met Mary Theresa Herzog, who is went by Theresa.


Okay. One of the carnival's newest ticket booth workers. And instantly they were in love. Now, by the time she'd met Grady Stiles, 21-year-old, Theresa's experiences with men had been universally bad. Oh. So when she was, this is awful. When she was six years old, Theresa's mother divorced Theresa's father and remarried a monster named Frank Tyler, who would go on to sexually abuse her for years. Oh, that's terrible. Frank Tyler piece of shit. Yeah. Given the terrible conditions of her home life, Theresa would like lose herself in carnivals. Yeah. You know, it was just like one of those things like escaping reality. Yeah. It really was. It was it. It reminded me of like a movie we just watched for Scream, where the devil roams.


Mm. One of the characters in that talks about how his father was abusive when he was younger and he would escape to the circus Yelp just to get out of that reality. Right. Which is just so sad. Yeah, it is sad. Theresa. So she found refuge in these carnivals and circuses that would travel and they would come to her small Vermont town in the spring and summer months. Okay. She later said, the carnival fascinated me. I guess it fascinated most young people. I thought the lights and the excitement were just great. Yeah. Now in a bid to get closer to the carnival and really like just envelop herself in it. She began working as a ticket taker during the summer. Then when she turned 18, she joined up with the circus on a full-time basis and finally got away from her stepfather for Good, good.


Fuck that guy. Yeah. Before long she met and fell in love with one of the rust abouts Jerry Plummer. Okay. Not Grady Stiles, not Grady. And soon they were married.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. If you listen to this show, you know that men's mental health throughout history has been a little stigmatized, not been prioritized. It is okay to struggle. Real strength, though, comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it so that you can be at your best for yourself and everybody else in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I have benefited greatly from therapy. I'm not a man, but I still have benefited greatly from therapy. And I think everybody can. With over 35,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 5 billion people globally. And it works with an app store rating of 4.9 out of five based on over 1.7 million client reviews. It's convenient too. You can join a session with a therapist at the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash morbid. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/morbid.


Every day I make countless decisions, but one of the easiest and the most important is securing my home with SimpliSafe. The moment I are my system, I know my family and everything I've worked for are protected. Whether I'm stepping up for the day or settling in for the night, that's small. Action delivers something priceless. Peace of mind. I can focus on what matters rest easier, and go about my day knowing that SimpliSafe has my back at a crisis. And I want you to have that same confidence too, because it's not just the mundane day to days. We all go on vacation. Sometimes you're away from your home for like a full week. And what I love about SimpliSafe is that you can be at home with the click of a button. I click those buttons, bring up my cameras, And I know exactly what is going on on my property. And I feel safe while I'm away. Because of the active guard outdoor protection with SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. Visit simplisafe.com/morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Now, while things started out fine in the relationship, Theresa soon found herself in a relationship with yet another abusive man for more than a year. She suffered verbal, physical, and emotional abuse at her piece of shit husband's hands. She was beaten with his fists. She was pushed down the stairs while she was pregnant with their child. Oh my God. And at one point he even threw a pot of scalding coffee at her. What a fucking monster. Yeah. And finally he just, 'cause you know, he was a piece of shit in every way. He just grew tired of the relationship and he didn't really wanna be a father. So, so Jerry Plummer took off leaving Theresa to raise their daughter, Deborah, on her own. She's probably much better off. And she was earning very little money at the circus.


So obviously it was hard. But to her credit, she was very resourceful, very determined. So she found a lawyer and scraped it together enough money to file for divorce. And Jerry didn't contest it. Good. When Grady first saw Theresa in the ticket booth, he was immediately struck by her beauty. Her charm. He just was into it. The problem was, at the time, Grady and his father were a top draw for the circus, and there's like a hierarchy. Okay. And he would've been looked down upon for dating one of the ticket takers. Oh, okay. 'cause that's like the job at the bottom of the hierarchy. Isn't that interesting? Yeah, that is interesting. So he, he wasn't, he wasn't gonna move on though.


He was like, I'm not Moving on and finding somebody else. Like, I like this girl. Yeah. So he began talking Theresa up to one of the owners, Stan. Right. Encouraging him to consider her for a job as a Bali girl, which is apparently a term for one of the singing or dancing girls in the show. Okay. Because he was like, she's beautiful. Like why not bring her up there? Yeah. As a ticket taker, dating a performer was off limits. But as a Bali girl, she would be another performer in the show and their relationship would be very acceptable. Okay. So fortunately for everyone, Wright did see something he liked in Theresa and was like, you know what? You're right. Well that's good. Hopefully she made some more money. Yeah. And that's the thing, he gave her a chance as a performer. So for Theresa, it was a huge step up.


She got some more money and she, so she was able to better provide for Deborah, which Theresa seems like, I feel really bad for Theresa because she seems like she's had this awful life. She's been really taken advantage of and treated ho horribly by the men in her life. But she just wants to be like, she wants to take care of her kids. Yeah. She wants to be, be like, that really does seem like there's a lot of like, I really just wanna do right by my kids. And she wasn't done right. For Right. So it's really hard to break that cycle, especially back then when you had nothing like no resources really to count on as far as therapy and mental health help. Like, she's not being taught how to break this cycle or that it's, I, it's just to break it at all in her, you can just tell that Theresa does have something inside of her that just desperately wants to break that cycle.


That's who she is. She doesn't make, she makes some poor choices later. But I do believe that like deep down in there, she just really wanted to do right by her kids. Yeah. But this, so this move up also moved her closer to the action at the center of the show. And more importantly to her, closer to Grady, because she liked him too. She liked him too. Within a few months, she had moved up from a dancing girl to become a sort of jack of all trades within the performances. One of her more prominent roles was Blade Box Girl, which was a kind of assistant to the Magic Act where she would step into the box and appear to be stabbed a million times with swords, but come out and be like, I'm fine. Oh my God. That must have been real scary.


Yeah. So she was the lovely assistant, essentially. Yeah. At the same time as she was so excited to be on stage, she was so excited that Grady Stiles had chosen her as the object of his affection. Having only ever known very negative and abusive attention from the men in her life. Being with Grady, she said, was unlike anything she'd ever experienced. Aw. He was showering her with gifts, with praise attention, love making her feel wanted and adored. Ooh. She said Grady was such a charming man. Everyone enjoyed being in his company. Yeah. Now, not long after beginning their relationship, they started living together. And with Grady, Grady was now stepping in as a father to Deborah.


And it seemed like everything was going great in the off season. They returned to Gibson, where Theresa found work in a Tampa shrimp factory during the off season. And within a few years their first child, Margaret was born. Unfortunately less than a month after Margaret was born, she died from pneumonia. Oh, that's terrible. Yeah. The situation repeated itself with their next child, David, oh God. Who also died a month, a month after his birth from pneumonia. And it was attributed to the poor living conditions of life in a traveling circus. Wow. Now the health problems continued for the Stiles family because a few months later, Grady Stiles was struggling with poor health too. Finally, he decided to retire from traveling altogether, now unable to afford the cost of living in Florida.


Grady Sr. Moved back to Pitsburgh and found a small apartment there. So now Grady Junior is worried about his parents' Pitsburgh, Post Pitsburgh because they're in poor health. Yeah. And he's in Florida. So he started renting an apartment in the city so he could check on them and be around them. The apartment was a huge financial strain on them, obviously. 'cause it's just another expense. So to help support them in the off season, Grady Jr. Began performing in a one man show to make extra money when they weren't on the road. The work allowed him to support himself and his wife. But this additional work plus the stress of traveling back and forth to Pitsburgh and the unexpected tragic deaths of two children, like that's a lot on your plate.


It brought out a meanness in Grady that Theresa said she had never seen even the slightest hint of before. Oh no. So this came, she was like, this came out of nowhere. You didn't deal well with stress, which like, and grief, a lot of people say that the death of a child will change. You can change a relationship. And it really depends on one, the strength of the relationship to begin with. And you know, things that are lying dormant in the people that are experiencing it. So obviously something was lying dormant in Grady Stiles that, that's just brought it right out. Brought it all out. So the bitterness, this frustration, the the rage it all, and what he saw as his constant misfortune, it led him to start drinking heavily, which only exacerbated the anger.


And before long he was directing it all at Theresa. Oh no. According to Fred Rosen, Grady was a good provider. However, when he was drinking, Grady started beating Theresa, taking care to keep his blows to her body so no one would see the bruises. Wow. And he, that is diabolical. That is diabolical. 'cause you know what you're doing is wrong. Yeah. And you're not even just to have the wherewithal to think like that clearly. Yeah. I shouldn't be somewhere that someone can see. Yeah. That's fucked up. That's dark. In 1963, Theresa gave birth for a third time. And this time the baby would not only survive, but also managed to not inherit Grady's condition. Okay. The healthy birth of their daughter.


Donna was a relief to Theresa who'd obviously already experienced two traumatic births and traumatic deaths. But the girl's health, like seemingly quote unquote normal mobility seemed to fuel Grady's anger. Oh. Following Donna's birth, Grady began to drink even more than he had. He was staying out late with other carnies and sometimes not coming home for days. Fred Rosen said when he did come home, he would gen generally make it to the living room and pass out on the floor. Sometimes he'd throw up first and sleep in his own vomit. Oh fuck. In the morning Deborah and Donna would get up and they would have to step over Grady to get out of the trailer. So the children Wow. Would have to just step over him in his own vomit to get out of their house.


That's horrific. Now looking back on her childhood, Donna reflected on her childhood saying there was nothing really good. I can recall. Yeah. I mean, when you're stepping over your dad in his own vomit, his your abuse, leave your home. That's, she said he always drank, continually drank. I really started noticing it at it at about seven because he would yell at us if he was drinking at home. That's so sad. Seven years old to realize that at seven years old is fucked. Yeah. For a time the girls could rely on school to get away from the whole abuse, but even that was unreliable because Grady would routinely pull them out of school three or four months before the end of the year to help the traveling show.


It's like, how are they even Moving on at school? Exactly. In 1969, Theresa gave birth again this time to a daughter. They named Catherine who was born with the condition. Okay. The birth of their second daughter should have been a joyous occasion. Yeah. For any couple. But it didn't do anything to stop Grady's drinking or lessen the violence in the household. Things finally came to a head one night in the mid 1970s when Grady and Theresa got into a really bad argument after the show. Donna said that night after closing, he called mom out in the show. They were arguing. She came back into the trailer crying, and then he came back in the trailer, pulled the door open, let it slam real hard.


And he took $20 and he threw it at her. After throwing the money at her. He screamed, take your fucking kids and get outta my face. Oh, her kids. Her kids. Okay. Yeah. Literally. Fuck this guy. Yeah, fuck him. Fuck. He's awful. Because he does this. And then what he does later, I'm like, go fuck yourself. And in front of his kids. Oh, he does awful shit to the girl's. Surprise. And this is where you, you, you really see moments of Theresa just making like very smart choices for her kids. And then obviously, you know, she's a very abused woman. Yeah. Very abused, very traumatized. So she obviously makes some questionable ones later. Right. But this is one that really shocked the girls as well, because he's a scary guy.


So they were surprised because their mother did not say like, oh, he's just, you know, drunkenly ranting. Like, just leave them alone. Which often would happen. Instead she just looked at them and she said, pack a bag, and we're leaving. Wow. And she packed her own suitcase and they all left and they got a room at a motel across the street. And once they were there, she called her friend Harry Glenn Newman, who was part of the circus as well. He was known, and this is what he was known by back then. He was known as midget man. Oh man. Due to his small stature. Gotcha. Things were different then. Things were real different. Things were bad then. Yeah. After leaving Grady that night, Glen became a lifesaver for Theresa. Oh. He allowed them all the girls and her to live in a small camper until they all on his property, until they all moved to Ohio to live with Glen's mother.


Wow. For several months, the children finally got to enjoy stability and normalcy of children their age. Like things were happy. Yeah. Without the chaos of this traveling show or Dr. You know, a rageful, abusive like alcoholic father. Unfortunately, that was short-lived because about four months, five months after leaving Grady, Theresa received a summons. Oh. And traveled to a Pennsylvania courthouse with the girls. Unbeknownst to her, after she left Grady, he filed for divorce and petitioned the court for custody of the children, even though he literally told her to leave with her children. Oh, they're yours now? Yeah. Okay.


To pick and choose. Now, she had been unaware of the divorce. Right. Because he did it without her knowing. Right. And he didn't, she didn't know that he had filed for custody. Yeah. So she didn't contest anything because she didn't know what had happened. Right. And the court awarded, awarded full custody of the children to grad, are you fucking kidding me? Which is so fucked up. Yeah, it is. Grady took the girls back to Florida with him. Wow. Which just breaks my fucking heart because I truly believe if these girls have been allowed to live with Theresa and Glen, they would've had a totally different childhood. Absolutely. They could have started healing. Yeah. From things they were young enough to, to hopefully forget some things. They get even more traumatized. Oh no.


So Grady takes the girls back to Florida with him, but only long enough to sell the house they lived in and get rid of all his wife's belongings. Oh, that's normal. Kathy later said, Catherine said, he gave all of mom's whatnots lamps and all of her stuff to his sister. He would not let her come back to get her clothes, which included a fur coat and some evening dresses. Oh, he gave away all of her clothes. That's so fucked up. Yeah. That's, that's abusive in its own way. Yeah. You know. Oh, he's just an asshole. With Theresa out of the picture, Grady began seeing a woman named Barbara, who quickly moved herself and her daughter, and with the Stiles as family full-time. Catherine said later she wanted to put herself in my mom's place. She wanted to be our mother.


She tried to force herself onto us, but she wasn't trying to be like a mother. Yeah. She was. She, because Teresa, she be like a disciplinarian, was known by her children. They all agree. She was a loving, caring kind mother. Yeah. Like flat out like a mama. She was a mama. Barbara only seemed interested in playing the role to the extent that it got her closer to Grady. So she's that stepmother. She's Meredith Blake. It, yeah. Rather than actually do any parenting, most of the responsibility for raising the children, including Barbara's daughter, Susie fell to Donna since Deborah had decided to move out of the house after the divorce. Oh. Now after moving the family back to Pitsburgh to be near his parents, Grady's drunken violet behavior continued without interruption, including the period where Barbara was pregnant with their child.


Oh. In 1976, Barbara gave birth to a boy, the couple named Grady iii, who was born with the same condition as his father and his half sister at this point. Okay. In the meantime, Theresa kept living with Glenn Newman, who turned out to be a pretty good husband and a good provider. In 1974, she gave birth to a boy, Harry Glenn Jr. Known as Glenny. Everybody. They were obviously very happy to have a new little baby boy, but she had a profound sense of pain and loss of having lost her children to get Grady because he was refusing to let her see them. Wow. So she was trying her, everything she could to see them or have contact with them and he wouldn't let them.


And it's like, why did he get full custody? I mean, very different time again. Yeah. But yeah, despite everything though, Theresa was still hopeful that one day she was going to be able to have a relationship with her daughters again. So she convinced Glen to move to Pitsburgh. Wow. And Glen was like, let's go. Glen seems like the best guy I know. He, so they moved to Pitsburgh to be closer to the girls so she could start really trying to get them back. Yeah. Now this pissed Grady off in a massive way. In the winter of 1976, the full extent of Grady's cruelty became apparent when after some conversation he agreed to let Theresa take the girls to visit her mother in Vermont for Christmas.


Oh, this is gonna ruin me. But rather than have Glenn and Theresa just pick them up, Grady insisted they meet him at a bar near his apartment where he proceeded to get violently drunk. After downing five or six drinks, they all went back to the apartment to get the girls only to discover that none of the girls were there. The police was empty sitting on the couch. Grady reached beneath him and pulled out a revolver. Oh God. Pointing it at Glen and Theresa. Moments later, Paul Fiba, who was the sideshows known as the fat man, emerged from another room holding a shotgun. Holy shit. With Paul Fiba. Now guarding Glen, who remembers is, has very small stature.


Right. So this giant man is holding this smaller man, so he can't protect his wife. So he can't protect his wife with a shotgun. Grady then started beating Theresa viciously. Oh my God. In front of her husband. Her helpless husband. Baby Glen was also there and was screaming the entire time. Oh my God. Yeah. When he'd finally tired of hitting Theresa, he let them leave before te, but not before telling them, don't bother me anymore. Next time I'm going to kill you, Glen and your son. Wow. That was because she had agreed to, to let her daughters go for Christmas. Don't you just say no. Yeah.


Wow. Because he's a cruel son of a bitch. He is. His cruelty continued in the years that followed and even moving out of the apartment wasn't enough to escape it. In April, 1978, when Donna was 15 years old, her cousin introduced her to 18-year-old Jack Lane. And the two hit it off immediately knowing her father would do anything he could to drive Jack away. 'cause why would you allow your daughters to have happiness? The couple frequently met in secret, often spending time together in a park a few blocks away from the apartment. One evening in September, after hearing countless stories of Grady's abuse, Jack was like, I can't let you go back there. Yeah. You're like, I can't just keep sending you back to this place and hearing what he does to you.


Oh. So Jack took Donna to his sister's apartment trying to give her some space to be safe. Right. When she called home a few days later, Grady fucking lost it, screaming at her, demanding. She returned home immediately and he told her, I got detectives looking for you. They'll find you. And when I find that boy that's with you, I'm gonna kill him. Oh no. Now for, and she's telling him like he's a good guy. He just wants to keep, like, take care of me because you beat the shit out of me because you're a fucking as violent. For years, Donna had listened to her father's drunken rants and threats of violence against her mother and her siblings. And she'd suffered more. She'd suffered more than the others when it came to physical abuse.


But when it came to threats of killing Jack, Donna was like, I didn't believe that he was gonna go through with it. Oh no. Like I understood that he like beat the shit out of us and threatened us, but like I didn't think he would do it outside of our family would kill someone. What she didn't know was on September 11th, Grady went down to pit loan, a local pawn shop, and submitted an application to purchase a new h and r 32 caliber pistol. Donna didn't return home, but kept living with Jack's sister for several more days, fearing what was gonna happen if she went home. Yeah. Donna and Jack decided the only way to get her away from her father for good was for them to get married. But she was only 15 years old. Right. So she would need parental consent.


And in late September she called her father and explained what she wanted to do. And to her surprise he didn't object. That's terrifying. 'cause it sounds like Christmas.


Yeah. If you are listening to this podcast, you know that a day can change in an instant. How many stories have we told where one little thing just snowballed out of control and led down some really dark paths? Well, you know what? We need some nourishment so that we can stay sharp and out of danger. And Cava whole body meal shakes will keep your body and mine nourished all day and ready for anything. Here's the deal. When I first heard about Cava, I said, yeah, sure, that sounds great. But I've tasted a million gajillion protein drinks and they all taste pretty yucky. Not C Ava. I'm so happy I gave it a chance because this drink is actually delicious. I've tried greens powders before. I've tried different protein powders and I've never really liked any of them until I tried Kaba. They have so many flavors to choose from. There's chocolate, vanilla, chai matcha, and coconut acai. Personally, I like to mix the vanilla and the chai together. I do a scoop of each. It's delicious, And I love that. It has 25 grams of plant protein. That is pretty good protein. It has 26 vitamins and minerals, six grams of fiber, which we are all lacking. And over 85 superfoods nutrients and plant-based ingredients. Stay sharp and fuel yourself with cava. Go to kava.com and use code Morbid for 15% off on their subscription for a limited time. That's Cava Kch, H-A-C-H-A va.com code Morbid for 15% off.


When it comes to spending, sometimes it's outta sight, outta mind. That daily coffee habit, those streaming subscriptions out of sight, out of mind, and they add up fast without you really even noticing. But Rocket Money can help you spot those patterns so that you can do something about them and keep more money in your pocket. What is Rocket Money? Well, it's a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. What's awesome is that you can see all of your subscriptions in one place. It's all consolidated so you know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. I am a user of Rocket Money And I have absolutely saved money. The amount of double subscriptions I realized I had, like why do I have so many? Not anymore though, because Rocket Money helped me cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket money.com/ Morbid today. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid rocket money.com/morbid.


Donna and Jack planned to get married in a small ceremony on September 28th, and in the days before it, they took all the details, took care of everything, including applying for the marriage license, getting the blood test you had to get back. Then you do a blood test. Yeah. On the morning of September 27th, Donna met Jack at his house and the two went out to do some shopping before turning to Grady's apartment where Donna was planning to clean for the wedding reception. So like he was gonna be involved in this. Yeah. It was gonna be, they weren't running away to get married. She was doing it all with him. She was involving him when they arrived. Grady wasn't home, but he had instead gone down to a bar. Of course. Yeah. That's right. Where he stayed until 7:00 PM and drank 12 double whiskeys. Holy.


Yeah. So 24 whiskeys. Yeah. So they went out to get some food for the reception, and when they got home around seven 30, they found a very drunk Grady sitting on the couch. His wheelchair was nowhere in sight. Grady said he had left it out by the front door and someone stole it. So they all were like, oh shit. So they volunteered to go out into the neighborhood and look for it as they were all leaving the house. Grady said, actually Jack, why don't you stay back with me? No. And Donna recalled, Barbara And I went around into the metered parking lot out back looking for the wheelchair. We were just about halfway around And I heard a bang. And then I heard a bang again immediately after. And I ran towards the house. When I got there, Jack came stumbling outta the house.


He was holding his chest in the middle. Oh God. When he reached Donna, he collapsed on the ground and began coughing out blood and they were just gonna get married. And he's like her protector. Yeah. And she, Donna said, it didn't seem real. It seemed like a joke. I looked up and dad was standing on his knees, looking out the window, smiling at me. What a son of a bitch. When she asked why he'd done it, he said, because I told you I would, why he is cruel isn't even the word. Yeah, he's, and it goes so far beyond. He's a piece of absolute shit demon. By then they could hear sirens coming. When they arrived, Barbara explained. So the stepmother explained what they believed happened and pointed them in the direction.


So she was like, he did it. Wow. Yeah. She was like, that's fucked up. And Grady was sitting in a large overstuffed chair, the gun sitting on an end table neck beside him. And according to Detective Joseph Stollmeyer, when they arresting officers entered the room, he said, take me, I'm ready. And he was arrested without incident. Okay. The bullet entered Jack's chest on the left side and exited from his right shoulder. Oh. He was rushed to the hospital by ambulance, but he died a few hours later from his wounds. Oh, that's just awful. That also escalated the crime from attempted murder to second degree murder. Murder. Grady was taken to the county jail to await his arraignment. Also, I wonder why second degree I was, I think it was because he said he was going to, that's very much first degree.


That's what I'm saying. I think that should have been the first degree. But yeah, it, I don't think it would've mattered either way, because in the meantime, a coroner's inquest was held to determine exactly what the fuck happened in that, in that apartment. And during the inquest, Donna explained that she and Jack had run off together a few weeks earlier and that her father had, quote, not been happy about the impending marriage, though he had consented to it. During his testimony. Detective Stollmeyer recounted Grady's statement telling the panel of juries that of the jury, that Grady claimed he had heard talk in the street. That lane, which is Jack had been saying nasty things about his daughter and he had taken all he could take, pulled out his 32 caliber revolver and shot lane.


Yeah. That's not how it happened. No, that's not it at all. Grady was arraigned on a charge of third degree murder. And in early 1979, the case went to trial. Over the course of several weeks, a number of family members testified that Grady had made threats towards Jack and Donna. And Donna herself testified that she had been with her father when he purchased the gun. However, several other witnesses, including Grady, indicated he had purchased the gun because Barbara had been receiving threatening phone calls. Okay. Testifying in his own defense. Grady told the jury that Donna had changed since she started dating Jack. Yeah. And she's probably happier. She's more independent. She would sneak outta the house late at night and come home sometimes with beer on her breath.


Oh honey. Okay. Glass house For real. Okay. For real Glass house. Grady also claimed that once they were alone, Jack had come at him in a menacing fashion. I bet. And he said, I don't know what came over him, but I was scared, I guess, of him killing me. Okay. I doubt it. Yeah. As the projection here is wild. Yeah. As for all the contradictory evidence and witness statements, Grady claimed all those people, including the police, got together and fabricated their stories. The, the police often do that. That's a real dumb thing to say for sure. Totally. On February 22nd, 1979, the jury retired for deliberation and returned a little over three hours later to find Grady guilty of third degree murder.


When the verdict was read, Grady began weeping at the defense table. The verdict came as a surprise to many, including the prosecutor who actually expected an acquittal. Wow. Would come because of sympathy for his condition. Okay. However, while the verdict was like yipe, it also posed some complications. Primarily was there a jail or prison in Pennsylvania capable of accommodating someone in Grady's condition for as long as 15 or 20 years? And there wasn't after careful consideration, the answer was no. That's ridiculous. Yes. In the end, judge Thomas Harper did his best to find middle ground and sentence graded to 15 years of probation, noting no prison in the state can accommodate a person with his physical deformities.


That's a quote. After reading the sentence in court, he, the judge said, I'm not sure that a prison term would not be cruel and unusual punishment. In this case, society doesn't require vengeance. And I felt a probationary term met the best interests for society and the defendant, the prosecution, though disappointed with the sentence, didn't make a comment. I mean, that's a tough, because it sucks. That's awful. He killed a man. Yeah. Like it sucks that nobody was willing, nobody could. 'cause that's the thing, it's like you can't just figure it out. And it's like nobody could accommodate him and that now he gets to be out. 'cause I wonder what he, what he would've required aside from like something wheelchair accessible, I think that's enough.


That's it. Right. I think that's enough for it. And they didn't have anything. They didn't have that. That's because think about it. Wild. It just wasn't a priority back then. It's the seventies though. Like it's crazy. Yeah. Anyway, now after Jack's murder, yeah. Colds blooded murder. His sister and other family members blamed Donna for his death and refused to allow her to stay with them any longer. So she was allowed by court order, luckily to return to Florida to live with her mother, Theresa and Glenn finally. So that's great. But under the circumstance. But that's really shitty. Like that she didn't do anything wrong. I know. And under the circumstances, I love this too. 'cause Theresa also insisted Donna bring Catherine with her, and Grady did not put up a fight.


Oh wow. So they were able to go live with Theresa and Glen and those were the only two of the daughters left in his care. Yeah. Right. Okay. Because Deborah had moved out early on and she was older. Yeah. Okay. Now, throughout the 1980s though, life for Glen Theresa and the kids was a struggle. Yeah. After his tire business went under, Glen was forced to return to the Carnival circus to pro to perform his role as the world's smallest man. And once again, Theresa found herself kind of back where she started trying to figure stuff out. Every year when the school year would come to an end, they would have to pack up the kids and join Glen on the road to help with responsibilities. It was seeming to like a pattern was repeating here, because that's difficult. Yeah, of course. And Glen was having difficulty because he was getting older.


Yeah. It was not easy. For more than a decade, they had had a good marriage. He had been a stable, very constant presence in Theresa's life. And he had treated her better than any other man. And he was a good father to the children. But as the eighties came to a close, she was starting to feel a little restless in the marriage and she was kind of growing tired of being, you know, a constant helper and just going along for the ride. You know, like having to go out on the road and doing all that stuff. And she wanted Yeah. Bring all the kids. Yeah. And she, she sees that she's doing the same pattern. Yeah. Just with a nicer man, you know what I mean? But it's still the same, like I'm not doing right by these kids. Yeah. By taking them on the road, it's a tough life, you know?


And so in 1990, Theresa and Glen divorced and she moved out taking the kids with her. It should have been a liberating moment, you know? 'cause she, she spent her entire life waiting on accommodating, following, having to be the assistant for men. But she quickly found herself lonely. 'cause she's also a human being in response. She called up Grady, and this is where we get to where I say, what, what? Yeah, what? Here's the thing though. So he had separated from his wife. And in the years since his conviction, I, I, I know. I'm sorry. Trust me, me and Mikey are literally like looking at each other like, what the fuck?


I know. I agree. I'm with you on this. I'm shocked. I am shocked. I am dismayed. Grady had been on house arrest during this time because of the probation for 15 fucking years for murdering, remember murdering her daughter's fiance so he could not continue drinking the way he was on probation. So he had scaled back and for the first time in many years, he was pretty sober. Okay. So for Theresa, she thought she was seeing a glimpse at the Grady. She knew when they were first dating. Okay. Because remember she got kinda love bombed. Yes. Or not kind of. She got love bombed. She got very much love bombed.


And she saw this amazing man who was like, and they had gone so far as to get married very happily. Yeah. Had children, very happily. And then it was like, everything just imploded right at, at once. Right. And then he became a heavy drinker and things got worse. So for her, I'm just trying to like, I'm just trying to like not shit on Theresa. Absolutely. Because I feel like Theresa had such a shit life and such hardships that I, yeah. And I just feel for the social abuse family, she abuse. You know what I mean? Like, I feel for these children. Yeah. And I feel for, I don't know. It's just, And I think it's a very sad situation. I'm sure. Being in a relationship like that. Like fucking alters your brain chemistry. That's the thing I, I'm trying not to like judge too hard for her because I'm like, I don't know what it's like to have been in that kind of no turmoil And I have children with somebody and love them and have to have your children be in that term.


Like, I can't fathom it. I really can't. So while I don't understand this decision Yeah. I don't, I don't understand it. I don't either. I can at least stand from back here and say, I don't know what your life feels like. Right. And I don't know what it felt for you to think you were seeing a hint of who you fell in love with that first. Yeah. You have to have empathy for the situation. That's the thing. So that's why I'm like stepping back from my full blown judgment here and trying to look at it from like, you were seeing someone you, you fell in love with or you thought you were Yeah. You know what I mean? It's just a really fucked up, sad situation. I really feel just awful for these children, for them, for really, especially Donna.


That's the thing. Well that's the thing. That's where I say, what the fuck? Like, that's just a level for your father to kill your husband. Like days before you're to marry him. Yeah. Not go to prison because of all the different circumstances. Finally get away from him. Even though like his, his family thinks that it's your fault, then you get to go live with your mother again. And she brings that back into your life. Right. Back into his, that's the thing. Like Donna, all of them, all those kids I feel bad for, the person I feel most, most for is Donna. I feel so horrible these kids. 'cause that's just such like trauma on top of trauma.


On top of trauma. And it's like, it's compounding trauma. It's also like Theresa has kind of been molded since she was a child, truly to bend to the whims of men Yes. And accommodate them and kind of, you know, demean yourself for them. Like not really think of yourself as an independent person who can, who can do this, who can break out on their own. And even in her moments of doing it, you know what I mean? Like it's, I feel like she always gets sucked back in with some man who's, who's kind of taking the reins. Yeah. I mean, she's a victim. Absolutely. And so she's a victim of her own. Right. But then it's like these children are a victim of these men.


And also they're unfortunately their mother's trauma Yeah. Of not being able to be break away without these men. Men. Right. And it's like, so there's this awful, and that's what I meant when I was saying like, you can see that there was Po Theresa wanted to break this cycle. Yes. But there was something, and she successful for a time broken that I, she was struggling to fix. And I think it just makes me really sad that like all of these young women and all of them were embroiled in this. Yeah. Because it's like, what the fuck? Like, it's just like this guy is a monster. It's just tragic. A straight up monster. And it's like Theresa wanted to break free.


I, that's why I just am like, I wanted her to break free Yeah. With Glen and those kids right off the jump. I know. Because it's like, this would've been such a different story. Yeah. But Grady had to be cruel and he had to pull those kids back just to abuse them. Right. Just to traumatize them. And it's like, I don't think they would have lived with this much trauma if they had lived with Theresa just Don. So she goes, she goes back and does he get, does he step out again? Like, so for, again, for Theresa, this whole thing is, and I'm just speaking from what she's saying is that she's saying she saw a glimpse of who she fell in love with. She saw a sober Grady who she thought could, you know, be who he was.


So they were talking regularly over the phone. Still Theresa knew her children, especially Donna disapproved of any of this, any kind of relationship with Grady. So she wouldn't bring him up around them, but they knew Yeah. Obviously. And also, why are you even doing it if you know that they can't have a part of this? It's like why you even do it. It's just not something you should be doing. Yeah. Old habits die hard. Donna later said, I still wouldn't talk to him on the phone and she wouldn't talk about him with us. Okay. Following her divorce from Glen, Theresa moved the kids to Okeechobee, Florida. And, and again, they're moving everywhere all the time. And soon Grady had relocated back to Gibson in Florida where he'd spent much of his life as he and Theresa got kind of reacquaint reacquainted with one another.


She encouraged the kids to spend time with him. Okay. I can understand. I'm sure. Like, I can't understand it. No. But I'm sure in her mind it was important them to have their fathers. And it's again, something is broken here. Yes. Like Theresa has dealt with things that, and it's, again, it doesn't give anybody a pass to be a bad parent. No. And I think she would probably agree that this was one of the worst choices she could have made. Yeah. Because honestly, she does regret this choice later. She does. So there's that, you know, and we have to remember that we're looking at this through a lens where like we know so much Yeah.


About so much now that Yeah. That we didn't know about back then. But again, it does not give a pass to put your children through this kind of stuff. It doesn't. It just doesn't. And I personally, I cannot understand it. I'm trying to look at it through a very logical, like totally kind of disconnected lens Yeah. Of like, well this is what she's thinking because that's thing is what she said. And I don't wanna like shit all over her because she's been through a lot. No, that's it. You can't understand, but you can empathize. Exactly. I can't understand. Yeah. I can empathize with what she's gone through. Yes. But I cannot understand this parent decision. I'm, I simply cannot just, I'm in awe right now. And again, all the kids, and they're getting older now, especially too, they're like becoming teenagers and stuff.


They're all reluctant to go down this road again. Because, you know, there was, what happens there was the murder of somebody's fiance. You know, there was that


If you are fixing your bra straps fussing with digging wires or just battling your bra during this podcast, stop right now. You're gonna wanna hear this. Those bra problems, problems, if you will, that you thought you had to live with. Eh, ThirdLove has solved them. They take the frustration out of bra shopping and make it easy to get what you want. Whether it's ultimate cleavage, a smooth look, or stopping your shirt buttons from pulling. They also feel amazing too. With a perfect fit in over 60 sizes, including half cups you won't find anywhere else. So you're never stuck between two sizes that don't fit. I actually found a third love bra in my drawer the other day that still had the tags on it. And it felt like Christmas morning to me because these brass are so wreaking comfortable. I had somewhere to go. I had to wear a real bra And I said, oh my God. Wow. Who's watching over me right now in this moment? Because I feel blessed. Real women test every style before it's given the green light and their brass don't just look great. They're made from top quality materials for comfort and support, whether you're a double a cup or an H cup. So stop settling for bad bras, now is the time to treat yourself and get your problem solved. Save $15 on your first order with code podcast fifteen@thirdlove.com.


At first they were like, no, we're not into this. But when they saw that Grady was trying to maintain sobriety and he was showing them that he was, and he was very open about the fact that he was very interested in rebuilding a relationship, this is their father. Yeah. Again, I have a good dad, so I can't speak from somebody who has a shitty parent who has made steps. Oh, I so can to make the relationship better. You know what I mean? Oh, actually I can't do that. Exactly. So I don't wanna speak from this. Yeah. Like experience to say like, I, I don't understand how they could even Yeah. You know, entertain this. Because again, I didn't have, I was lucky enough to not have this situation.


Well I think when you have such a shitty parent, like you, all you want is for them to be better. Yeah. And all you want, like abandonment issues are insane. Like these, I can't imagine what these kids must have felt. They can, they can paint every single part of your life. Yeah. And they do the, the rest of your life. And they do. Yeah. Like I, I'm fine. I'm very well adjusted, but like I still struggle with that shit. I'm sure. So if you, if your parent is actually making the effort, that's all you want. So of course that's the thing. You're gonna go along with it. I mean, obviously I've just never been in a position of somebody making effort. Well, yeah, there you go. And I have people close to me, like very close to me who had awful Yeah. Relationships with their, their parents.


Yeah. And then their parents tried to make it right later. And it is a very conflicting, very hard thing for somebody, even as an adult to deal with. Yeah. Because no matter what, no matter how shitty your parents are, they're your parents, they're still your parents in some weird part of you is always going to want them to be your parents. Well, no, they're always your parents. And it and your parents suck. I think it's so hard to make those kind of decisions like when somebody is making an effort because you're always their child that Yeah. I can't imagine how that feels. You know what mean? And you go back into the role of being the child Yeah. And feeling the things that you felt when you were a child, like wanting your parent. Yes. Yeah. 'cause like biologically, we all have an, we want innate parents to be our safe place.


Yes. And when they're not, I can't imagine how that throws you into like, 'cause again, I'm very fortunate enough that I do not have parents who made me feel unsafe. Yeah. Mom and papa rock out loud. They do. They rock out loud. So it's like I'm speaking from a place where like, I can't tell you how this feels. And I know a lot of you listening are speaking can come from a place of the total opposite. Yes. Where your parents weren't and aren't and couldn't be your safe space. Safe space. And I'm sorry. 'cause I can't imagine how that feels. And it can trans, it can really transform how you make decisions. Yeah. It can color every part of your existence for the rest of your life. Especially like with like, I'm just thinking of like how therapy just like was not a thing back then.


Yeah. And like, not, not really at all. No. I would be so different if I hadn't done years and years of therapy. That's the thing. And we're adding on, again, I know like people I really love and care about who have gone through like dealing with parents coming back and trying to build a relationship Yeah. And really putting an effort. But those parents also didn't kill their spouse. That's a whole other layer of it. So that's, that's a whole layer onto this where I'm like, because then you had grief into it. Yes. And, and blame and, and you took someone I love from me. Like quite literally. Like you literally took someone I love. And that's where I say like, Theresa, how could you ask them to do this? That's the thing with Donna. It's just how can you ask her to do this?


And again, you are her mother. She's gonna wanna please you and you're supposed to protect her. It's like, and that's where the safe space gets snipped for a minute. You, because she has no safe space because that you, your mother shouldn't be asking you to do this. Yeah. I also think it's probably, and I'm sure people listening feel this way. It's so, again, I, I can't understand, but I can have empathy, but it is hard to have empathy in a situation like this. Oh God. Would you've God, yeah. I haven't even gone through something similar to that Exactly. At all. But like when, so when somebody wrongs their child and you're a child who's been wronged, you're just like, God damnit. Well, that's the thing. And I have like the, I I always have to pull myself back a little bit because I get real fucking mad when people mistreat their kids.


Well, because you, I'm not even a mistreated kid. I just, I know. I think of my kids and I'm like, you think of your kids and like, frankly, like just for everybody who thinks that me and Elena have a weird relationship, Elena's my protector. Yeah. Like genuinely like your people's protector and the other people in your life who have gone through similar things, you are their protector. So you're like, don't wrong them. I'm like, I'm gonna fuck you up and you're this kid. That's the thing. So that's why you feel that way because 'cause you are the safe space. Yes. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. No, you are. That's what I'd strive to be for my little You are goins in my life. But, and you are, you are one of my little goobs in my life. And I think of like, who wronged you? Yeah. And I wanna fucking, you know, this has become therapy.


It has, anyway, what happened? It has what happened. But yeah, I think it just, he seemed like he was trying to get sober. Okay. He was doing his best with that. And then he was making it clear to them that he wanted to rebuild a relationship and that he felt some kind of, some kind of remorse regret. Yeah. And remorse. So they softened okay. But still genuine or not, he couldn't wipe, wipe away the lifetime worth of horrible, abusive, violent, horrific, traumatizing memories. You just can't. And Donna says, I don't think I ever started loving my father like a dad again. Which is very sad for her. Well, you know what though? It, it is very sad. He, like, she didn't ever get that ability to do that. He wasn't her dad.


Well, that's, he took, I hope she knows that that is not her fault, inability to love him again. It was his inability to be a lovable person. Right. He never was a father to her to like give that to her. How can you love somebody like a father when they're not a father to you? He was never a father to them. Like, and when they take away somebody who finally did protect you and wanted to protect you. Right. Like, so that, I really hope that like Donna and their kids like know that they have done nothing wrong Yeah. In this situation. And that they, they were totally valid in their feelings. Yeah. And their hesitation here now, not long after Grady moved back to Florida, he and Theresa got remarried.


Okay. Which seemed to have been his goal seemed that since that first phone call Theresa made to him after her divorce. And unfortunately once Grady got what he wanted, he began sliding right back into his old ways. That's tragic. That is truly tragic for everyone involved. And I'll say fortunately for some of the children, all of them had moved out by then, thank goodness. Except for Gani who was a teenager. Okay. And he's not Grady's child. So I can only imagine how Grady felt about that. Exactly. But soon enough, even the kids that were out of the house were starting to notice that their father wasn't very around very often.


And they would call or visit and he wouldn't be there. And he, you know, he'd be spending time at bars again. He was out for days. And eventually Theresa did admit to Donna that Grady was fully back in his old ways. Oh no. Like spending all their money at bars abusing her right back. Yeah. Right back to it. And because his temper came right back, the frustrations, the anger, the rage, he was abusing her. He was abusing like, like it was bad. One night in late 1991, after a night out drinking, he returned home and demanded that Theresa bring him a drink in bed. So Theresa did, but she handed him the drink and she said, this is the last drink I'm gonna get you.


And in response, he grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her back on the bed hard enough to pull clumps of it from her scalp. Oh fuck. Do remember too, she's horribly afraid of this man. Now, of course she is. He's beaten the shit out of her for years, which makes it worse that she is now in this position again because like I wish you would stayed away from him. Yeah. Because like he has gone most of his life also keeping that upper body strength. So he is, oh, I didn't even think that. Not only a frightening and very rage strong like, like raging guy. He's very, very strong. And when you're, you have crazy upper body strength, you can do a lot of damage.


Yeah, of course. Now, after this whole incident happened, Theresa felt that feeling she hadn't felt in years, which is, I'm fucking tired of this. Yeah. She'd had enough. And so getting, she said this whole, that whole thing was a mistake. I should have never got, she says it, I should have never gotten back together with him. And she said, but now I am facing the consequences of my actions. Oh God. Get out of there. She, she thought about leaving again, but by then she didn't have the same resources or willpower that she'd had the last time she left him. And he had been getting, he had been using all their money at bars. So she stayed and endured the abuse, which was inevitably followed by the sense of guilt for having fallen right back into Grady's trap.


Mm. It's a cycle Exactly by November. It, it really shows you how too scary the abuse cycle is. Yeah. And that like, people will go back into it just because of how deeply rooted the abuse cycle is. It's like really scary and really sad. The fact that we treat each other this way and the fact that like we treat people, we supposedly love this way as like a, a society. We're the only species, we gotta get it together. I say that every time. Like, we gotta get it fucking together. We do. Like this kinda shit pisses me off so much. I'm like, you don't have to be this way and you certainly do. You do not have to be a fucking cruel piece of shit to the people who look to you for protection and to be a safe place.


No. So by November, 1992, life with Grady was fucking unbearable for Theresa and Glenny. Despite his attempts at sobriety a few years earlier, he had just, he was fully back, fully back to being abusive, cruel, an alcoholic. The same man who had beaten her while her husband watched helplessly by the way, and then had threatened to murder her son Glenn when he was a child. Yep. So that, yeah. And now that same son is living under the roof with him. Yep. She was desperate to get outta the house and away from him, but it seemed like no matter what she did or where she looked, there was just no options for escape in the end. It wasn't Theresa who took charge of the situation.


It was Glenny, but 17-year-old Glenn Jr. I knew it was headed that way. He resolved to do something about his stepfather and he wanted to save his mother. That November, Glenn called up the toughest person he could think of, which was 17-year-old Chris Wyant, even though he was just 17. Chris had an occasional sideshow performer, had a very long criminal record, and Glenny was certain Chris would know what to do about his stepfather. And remember this kid, Glenn has watched his mother be beaten by this man his entire life while his father was held down with a shotgun his entire life. Just saying, I don't know what happens, but that's what I have in my mind right now.


You can't, again, no one will ever say that murder is the correct no and game for anything. It's not a good choice. So if you take that from what we're saying then like you didn't listen, you're clearly not listening, but, but no one's saying that. But what this is a clear show of like evidence of is you cannot beat someone down their entire life. You just can't, like people explode. You just can't do that. You can't treat someone like this for their whole life. As we saw with Ken Mc Elroy, that whole thing. You can't do that. No. Because you do lose, people lose their humanity for you because you have, you have treated them subhuman their whole life. Right, right. Like, you know what I mean? It's like I, this kid wanted to protect his mom and it's like really sad and he didn't know any other option and it's like obviously he made the wrong decision.


Right. But fuck, like the whole thing is just like, God damn, like I wish he's, this happened. He's broken down. It's really sad. So on November 26th, Glenny and Chris met at a local park where Glenny gave his friend the details of everything that was happening and said, can you just help me, help me end this. The price would later be disputed in court. But Chris initially told Glenny he would take care of the situation for 300 bucks. Ooh. In the end, he would be paid $1,500 regardless of the actual price. Though Chris, Chris did agree to take care of Grady and Glenny agreed to pay him. Okay. A few days later, Glenny would try to call the whole thing off and get his money back.


So you can tell he just doesn't work like that. He was desperate and then he was like, fuck, I shouldn't, shouldn't do this, shouldn't do this. But by then Chris had already bought a gun and spent the rest of the money. So the deal went forward as planned On the evening of a November nine, 29th, Glenny broke down and told his mother about the arrangement, which also shows you that this, he has remorse already. He hasn't, he hasn't even done any. He's like, I fucked up. Yeah. But you can tell the desperation in this kid's. So d desperate to break down and tell his mom. He's just like, I don't know what to do. I just wanted to help you. Heartbreaking. Yeah. To his surprise though, his mother didn't express a sense of shock or attempt to call the police to put an end to the whole thing.


Instead, she and Glenny left the house quietly leaving Grady asleep in his chair watching television. A few hours later, around 11:00 PM Chris Wyant slipped into the trailer through the back door. They'd left open having been there a few times. He knew the layout. So he tried to go silently and be quiet, but he made a noise and he woke Grady up. He began shouting at Chris to get out and never come back. And Chris went back a few steps into the kitchen like he was gonna leave. But then he aimed, aimed the gun and fired and the bullet hit Grady in the back of the head and killed him instantly. Wow. Then just to be sure, he fired two more shots, both hit Grady in the head, just a few centimeters from the first wound with Grady now dead.


Chris ran out the back door and fled into the night from where they were sitting in the neighbor's living room. Glenny and Theresa could hear the gunshots glenny even. Oh, they're just next door. Yeah, they're just next door. Glenny even remembered. See looking out the window and seeing Chris run from the trailer. Damn. And he said when he saw him fleeing the scene, he knew the terror they'd been living with, that his mother had been living with for decades had finally come to an end. And that they would not have to worry about the Lobster Boy again. Wow. That was what Glen said to detectives at the scene. Things in the house were immediately suspicious. Obviously the killer had clearly entered through an unlocked door, nothing was missing. And so they were like, this wasn't a robbery.


This was clearly a targeted assassination. Yeah. A spokesperson for the sheriff's office told reporters the next day, we've got some leads, but we're not saying much. So they were being kg with the press and it's likely because they already knew what happened in the Stiles house and they didn't wanna let out any details before they were ready. By the time they finished taking Glenn Jr's statement that night, they more or less had a pretty accurate understanding of how things had unfolded from his contracting. Chris Wyant through the murder the following morning, they arrested Theresa Glenn Jr. And Chris Wyant on a charge of first degree murder based on the statements of Theresa and her son. So they basically just, they just gave it up, admitted it. Yeah. Wow.


The trial for all three began in July of the next year with the defense attorney arguing that Theresa and Glenn had been pushed to the point of murder after years of domestic violence. At the time, the domestic violence aspect of the case, which was known as battered wife syndrome, was relatively new and pretty novel. But it turned out they wouldn't get a chance to try it because the judge ordered that self-defense cannot be argued if it's a contract murder. Mm. Yeah. The case was further disrupted a few days later when a mistrial was declared because there was issues with the jury and the prosecution moved for a retrial. It turned out that they wouldn't end up, they would end up waiting for like over a year for their trial to start.


And that's when they were all being tried for first degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder, which could carry the death penalty. Yeah. But the prosecution didn't have any interest in pursuing that. Okay. Under the circumstances, Chris Wyant had pretty limited defense since he had been identified by his two co-defendants in late January, 1994. He was found guilty of second degree and guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder. And he was sentenced to 27 years in prison for each charge. Fuck he was, but it was gonna be served concurrently. He was released from prison in 2009 after serving a minimum of 15 years. And he has lived out of the spotlight.


Okay. Just out ego having been ordered for a new trial, though Theresa once again offered a self-defense argument. Her attorney, Arnold Levine, told the jury she honestly believed she had no other alternative but to participate in this terrible act. In response to her defense, the judge ruled that the self-defense argument could be allowed, but only if Theresa was willing to admit the role she played in hiring her husband's killer, which she did. The stipulation struck a lot in the legal, a lot of people in the legal community as like weird and unusual law Professor Steven Goldstein told a reporter, I don't understand why she has to testify to it, like saying that whether she testifies to her role or not, it wouldn't change the outcome.


Right. I don understand that either making her say she has like this much of a role in it. Yeah. Especially when she really didn't. Yeah. She was just told after the fact. Right. She didn't do anything to stop it, but it's like Right. But I mean, like she didn't, are we hire someone? Are we testify? Testify that. Yeah. But regardless of whether it was an appropriate stipulation, she did confess her role and offered the domestic abuse stories as her motive, all of which were backed up by testimony from her children and others who'd known her over the years. All of them knew how he was with her. I mean, this is clearly an abusive man. He was literally on parole for killing his daughter's fiance. I was gonna say, I mean, hello. In the end, her defense was moderately successful. Although the jury did find her guilty, they all agreed the circumstances warranted a less charge, a lesser charge.


And she was convicted of manslaughter and conspiracy to commit first degree murder. It was the first time in Florida's history that a jury allowed, was allowed to consider self-defense in a case of contract murder. Wow. So this is like, that's remarkable. Yeah. After the verdict was read, the prosecution agreed that it was a successful compromise, calling it a fair resolution of a very difficult issue. In August, a judge sentenced Theresa to 12 years in prison for her role in the murder, followed by five years of probation. And she was released, released from prison in 2000. Wow. A few months later, Glenn Jr. Was offered a plea deal in which he would confess to everything in exchange for the same sentence as his mother.


But apparently Theresa insisted he reject the offer and go to trial. Ugh. I don't know about that. As a result, he went on trial for first degree murder and conspiracy to commit first degree murder. And after a very brief trial, they deliberated for just over an hour and found him guilty on both charges. Yeah. And sentenced him to 25 years to life for murder. Yeah. Why wouldn't you take a plea deal? Yeah. And when there's a charge of conspiracy and like Yeah. Capital murder and all that, or Nah, knock on murder, he's taking that deal. Yeah. I don't know why you wouldn't take that deal, but sadly, according to the Florida Department of Corrections, Glenn Jr. Died on March 5th, 2014. Oh. But they didn't release any details regarding his death. Oh, that's so sad.


I know. So that is, that's that's it. Like, that's how it all shakes out. Wow. That's tragic. Tragic. Two of the three ended up tragic from start to finish. They're out of jail. But Glenn Jr. Passed away. Did he, was he born with the condition? No, because he wasn't his child son. I didn't know if it, it was like complications from that maybe or something. They never released his death. That's really sad. It's a really sad, sad, sad situation from beginning to end. It just shows how dangerous it can be to I hope everyone has been able to move forward Yeah. From it in some way, shape, or form. And there's been some growth somewhere.


Yeah. And I hope those kids have been able to move forward from it. I know. 'cause like, fuck, like that's when, I think it was when, I think it was Donna or Deborah, one of them said that like, they have no happy memories from childhood. I could, can't think of it. And I'm like, that is horrible. That's so, so sad. Like how, and Donna loses the love somebody she's in love with her soon to be husband and then, and then had to be around that man again. Relationship and relationship or just like Glen lost his adult life. Yeah. 'cause obviously again, he made a poor decision. He had no childhood and then lost his whole life after. Like, there's just no winners in this situation at all.


And he was just, he was trying to protect his mom. Well, that's what breaks my heart is like, again, I don't think I have to keep saying it. No, we're not condoning murder or contract murder in any way, shape or form. But like, you just see the desperation in that kid. Especially the way he acted afterwards where he, one, he tried to stop it, he tried to stop it all, and two, he went right to his mom and was like, I did something bad. Yeah. And like, I, I wanna stop this. It's like, and how desperate she was to not do anything to stop it. Yeah. Fuck. That is a really sad case, dude. Yeah. Bum me out in like a way I can't describe. Yeah. It's just like, I need to do something different for my next one. Yeah. Because like, this really bummed me out. Well, we have listener tales coming up, so that's good.


Oh, there you go. You you guys will soothe. You'll be like bomb on my soul. Yeah. Yeah. He'll be good. Oh man. Oh, and Nicholas will be, will be on our next listener tell soothing to my fucking soul. Maybe he'll be, he'll be in a better mood. He better be. He was really reading me for filth, but he'll, he'll make me feel better. Thanks. Oh man. Oh man. I know. Go touch grass. Everyone go tell, go touch grass. If you have a good parent, tell them how much you appreciate them for not being so fucking terrible. Yeah. And go like, if you have, if you are a parent or if you just like love a, a child in your life, go tell them that. Go be awesome to them. Yeah. Like go, go be a safe place for them. Yeah. Then go donate to like domestic violence causes.


My God. Yeah. And if you do have parents that suck ass. I'm sorry. Yeah. Thank you. I'm sorry. Like that. Mine didn't suck that bad. That sucks. Yeah. And we're, I'm, I'm your parent, but you know what? Okay. If you're listening and your parents suck, I'm your parent now. Yes. You're one of her goins. But you can, you're one of my goins. It's cool to know that you can break the cycle. I think that's, you can a very empowering thing to lean on, but it won't be easy if you want. Won't easy. No. And it shouldn't. It's not easy. So. No, it's so it doesn't, if it doesn't feel easy, that's okay. And it shouldn't be up to you. No. But sometimes it just works that way. But people are gonna pee people go people. So there we go. God damn. Yeah. Well we hope you keep listening now.


We hope you do. We hope you and we hope you keep it weird. Just not so weird that like you abuse people you love. Keep your fucking hands to yourself. Yeah. Stop hitting people. Don't get married if you don't like the person. Yeah. It's, you know, we all have free will. Don't hurt people. Good with your free will. Gosh darn it. God damn.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


Inspired by the Hit Wondery podcast. Against the odds comes the gripping guidebook, how to survive against the Odds, tales and Tips for animal attacks and natural disasters. This might just be the most important book you'll ever read. Go Inside Life or Death Situations where Everyday people survived nature's most extreme scenarios. And learn how you can too. In these tales, you'll hear about the grit, willpower, and know-how needed to endure shipwrecks, alligator attacks, earthquakes and more. You'll learn from experts, including top doctors about what happens to your body and mind in life-threatening situations, plus important tips on what to do and equally important, what not to do when faced with a situation that is truly against the odds. Go to www.survivalguidebook.com to get your copy of How to Survive Against the Odds Today or visit your favorite bookstore. I.