
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Shutterfly believes the moments that matter deserve a photo book. Photo books are for big moments, like, you know, weddings, graduations, or a bucket list trip. But they're also for everyday moments. You could turn your Instagram feed into a coffee table book. That would be a conversation piece. You could make an annual memory book for your kids, or my personal favorite, create a family cookbook. The possibilities with Shutterfly are endless. And Shutterfly photo books are meant to last to be passed down, shared and enjoyed. I love the idea of making a family cookbook. I think it's like a really sentimental piece that you could pass down throughout your family and, you know, just have all those recipes. So I decided that I was gonna make one with Shutterfly. One of my favorite things ever was the suggested layouts that they have. I was like, oh, okay. And they also have this little autofill thing. Amazing. It makes making these books so easy. We have an exclusive offer for our listeners so that you can have so much fun doing this. New customers get a free eight by eight photo book with promo code Morbid at shutterfly.com. Enter code at checkout. See promotion details page for more info. Again, that's promo code Morbid for a free eight by eight photo book for new customers@shutterfly.com. Make something that means something with Shutterfly


from the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash tv Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


Hey, weirdos, I, and I'm Alina, And this is Morbid. What Is up? My gosh, I can't stop doing that If you don't follow the Grinch on TikTok. I don't know what's wrong with you if TikTok even exists anymore. Oh God, yeah. It's, I don't know where we are in the future, but it might be future without TikTok. We have to record these in advance if we want time off and we'll never with a families, we'll never stop making reference to it.


Just 'cause it's become a funny thing now. It has. And I just can't stop singing to you people because it's, I It's true. My rain is continuous of terror. My, of my reign of, I don't know, I think I was an alto when I sang in chorus. Be embarra. Embarrassing fact about me. Anyways. Bye. Well, we're, we're in part two of a pretty, pretty gnarly case here. I would say. We sure are. I had potatoes for dinner last night and you know what, we didn't Yeah, do, didn't peel them. You didn't peel 'em, didn't peel 'em. They were a little baby potatoes. I mean, the skin has a lot of nutrients in them. Many fibers. So, yeah. So that many, many, many fibers, much fiber pretty Look at us.


This one, this case is just, it's bad all the way around. Yeah. It's very, very heartbreaking. And it's just got like, it's got this vibe to it, I think with the, the blackout. Yeah. It just adds this layer Oh yeah. Of, of darkness, If you will. Yeah. 'cause you have to remember to like, keep that in mind while you're visualizing that that is happen. Timing. Yeah. Yeah. And this guy, Gordon here is such a fucking asshole. I can't believe his name is fucking Gordo. Yeah, Gordo Cummins. That's his name. And I just, the fact that he's like in the Army. Yeah. He's an Air force. Somebody that you would look to, to trust during this time period.


Oh yeah. Scary. He's a, he's a real piece of work, I tell you. Sounds like it. I'm scared to dive back in. Yeah, it's, it doesn't get better. But then he does get caught, so, and that's nice. You can hold on to that. Yeah, I'm like I said, and that end of part when I'm really excited for that part. So let's get to a girl. That's always nice. So when we left off, we had talked about how there was a couple of, you know, there was a close call with Catherine Mulcahy. There has been a few murders, very gruesome, very awful, very brutal murders. And as it's happening so fast, like within hours of each other that like discoveries of other murders or assaults are happening as they are examining previous victims.


So like, things are coming at different times because he's just like every 24 hours or less rampage. Yeah. He's like on a rampage. And when Dr. Spills pilborough, my favorite guy, who also by the way, is apparently like a very, very well known forensic pathologist. Oh, shit. Like The Times, I think at one point called him like, you know, their, the real life Sherlock Holmes kind of thing. Oh, no way. Like, yeah, he's been on like huge cases. Like he was in like a, like I'm, I'm trying to think of like any infamous, any infamous case you can think of. That time period in London and around there. What's his last name again? Spilsbury. Spilsbury. All of that. He was a part of it. He was known to be like, very, very involved in the case.


Like he was, it affected him like greatly. Like he, these cases would like eat at his soul. He was like a very empathetic person. So like, he just sounds like a really cool guy and like a very interesting historical figure. Yeah, definitely. I'd look further into him actually. I know, actually I'm, I just like typed in notorious cases that he was part of. Yeah. The trunk murders. Oh, the trunk murders. Yep. Yep. The Brighton trunk murders, I think it was. Yeah. There's a lot here that I actually think you would be really interested in. Yeah. The brides and bath particularly speaks to me. Yeah. There's a lot. There's a lot that were very interesting and very horrific. Yeah. But he, he did his, he was doing autopsies.


While this is all going on and on the autopsy of Evelyn Oatley, he confirmed, unfortunately, that she was alive when most of those wounds were inflicted. That's awful. She had bled from the wounds. So she was alive when they happened. And as he examined her body, it became even clearer how sadistic this killer was. There were 12 puncture wounds around and in her genital area. Oh God. And they seemed to be done and inflicted by a tin can opener. Oh. Now I looked up what a tin can opener looked like in the 1930s. 'cause I assumed it was different than what I am thinking of. I meant to ask you yesterday when you were talking about it, like if it was the same deal.


Nope, it's not. Google Tin can opener 1930s, and it will come up. You'll see what it is. It's basically a tiny, it's a handle with like a little sickle. Yeah. Like a blade that looks like a sickle on the end of it. So like sharp. It's a weapon and it's a dangerous weapon that can be used to stab, and not only stab, but it has a curved blade. So it inflict a lot of damage. And you have to think like, I'm sure it's sharp to a point, but like, not really like sharp a point meaning at the same time all the way. So it takes force to stab someone with it. A lot of force. Now, In February 12th, which again, I'm going back one day again from where we left off, I would think. But again, you have to like kind of interweave the discoveries and the actual murders.


A woman named Mary sometimes referred to as Greta in sources. Mary Haywood arrived in northwest London to meet a date. But having arrived early, she decided to walk around and look at the shop windows. She was sitting in a cafe around 8:00 PM What a young airman approached her, not an airman, and said, excuse me, are you waiting for someone? He would explain that she was, she was waiting for someone, but like, he was a little late and like, whatever. And this guy convinced her to have a drink with him while they waited. 'cause he was very handsome and charming. Very charming. He quickly tried to get her to come to another pub or restaurant with him. He was like, just come with me for like, we'll be back in time for you to meet your person.


And at first she was like, no, no, no. But then she ended up, he pushed harder And she was like, you know what, this guy's late. He was handsome. And, and again, and she was able to tell this story later. Okay. That's, just know that, that's good. She said he was, you know, very handsome. He had a very, she, she said he had a seductive quality about his smile. Oh. A lot of people talked about his smile and how they, they said it, it made it easy for them to understand how he was able to charm women. Disarming. Yeah. What's his last name again? I'm sorry. I wanna cu Cummins. Cummins. C-U-M-M-I-N-S. But she said he was also very overconfident. Mm. Like he had a very like, arrogant way about him again. She imagined he had no trouble getting many women to come away with him.


That's the thing. Sometimes I think as women, we find that attractive at first. Yeah, of course. And then it, it changes Yeah. Throughout. And it's like the course of a relationship. Sometimes there is like a, a certain level of overconfidence that like is appreciated. Yeah. 'cause I'm not, I'm one to tell everybody, you should be like, it's not even overconfident, it's just confident. Yeah. Just be confident in yourself. Like that's totally fine. Yeah. And she said it, she wasn't put off by it. Yeah. She was more just like, huh, this guy's really like, shook him. Like he's really like shooting a shot. Like, he doesn't even care that I'm waiting for a date. Like, he's just like, I can get you to come with me.


But, so they made their way to a place called ero and he started asking her about her life, where she lived, and then he quickly transitioned into suddenly being offputting. Okay. Because he suddenly asked her if she was a quote unquote naughty girl. Oh. And would she take him somewhere? Don't say that on the first date. And she was like, Nope, I won't. And then she realized, oh, he's mistaken me for a sex worker. Oh, okay. And she was not. Right. That's, that's the rea She was like, that's not what I do. So she told him no, she didn't do that. And he was not gonna be successful here if that's what he was looking for. Because you know, she was, that was not her line of work.


And he was like, oh, that like, that's fine. Like, he's like, but like, I would love to take you away anyways. And she was like, oh no, I'm not gonna fuck you. Yeah. Like, she was literally like, oh no. Like you're not gonna be successful at paying me to do it and we're not going to at all. So like, yeah, I just met you. And she was clear. She was like, this is not happening tonight. Yeah. Like, you need to be aware of this, blah. And she was like, I'm waiting for a date. Like, I was waiting for a date. Like Yeah, you came along and you're handsome and you're trying fun to hang out with for a little bit. Sure. I'll grab a drink with you and we can chat and stuff. And like, I'm willing to consider you as like a let's go out sometime. Sure. We're not having sex. Yeah. Like, not happening. No. But he persisted and he took out his wallet and showed her a large amount of cash and then he just kept telling her how he wasn't broke.


He could afford a lot. And she was like, dude, that's not what I do. Yeah. Like, get, go find that somewhere else. She gets. And at the time period, it's a plenty. Yeah. She's like, go ahead. Yeah. Like, I'm not stopping you How at it? So she gets up and she's like, I'm out. So she goes to leave the restaurant and he follows her. Now mind you, he hadn't even told her his name yet. Oh wow. But he had given caring, like neither one of them had really told each other their name. They were just kinda like being, which like, whatever they were just being just like flirtatious, you know, mysterious, let's get a drink together kind of moment. Yeah. They're in public nothing's, you know. Yeah. Crazy. They also, it's one of those time periods which like is like every time period. But you think the world is ending, so you're like, let's have a little fun.


Yeah. You know, let's get a drink. Yeah. I don't give a shit who you are. What's your name? Don't give a fuck. Yeah. Don't care. Now this guy had been carrying as well, his Royal Air Force issued respirator with him all night. Like the gas mask that they had to carry. Oh, okay. He had it on him when he approached her. I'm scared, like, 'cause they, they would have them from like training and stuff and like, they'd go to a pub holding their bags. Yeah. They'd be walking around with the bags. Yeah. So he had that with them. Just remember that. And he was, and it would also prove that he was definitely a serviceman. Like he wasn't pretending he wasn't, you know, he had the actual issued one. Yeah. Now, by that point it had become dark out and the streets had kind of cleared out a little bit. So it was like less, it's a little quieter.


Yeah. It seems like everything's kind of quiet. It's getting dark. And so she took out a small flashlight and switched it on, but the man caught up to her and yanked the flashlight out of her hand and was like, no, you shouldn't use this around this area. Okay. And she was like, okay. I guess you're right. Like, it can be a little shady, like a little seedy outside and you don't wanna draw attention to yourself. So like, just kind of scoot where you need to go. Yeah. So she was just kinda like, okay. Like, okay, sounds good. He like kind of put it in. And he didn't steal it from her. He put it in her purse and was like, keep it so it to her, it seemed like he was being like, oh, I'm like trying to help you. Oh yeah. I'm looking out for you. Like I'm not stealing your flashlight.


Today the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better. Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's accused Of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe with her car, Karen Reed Is arrested and charged with second degree Murder.


The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop Killer? Karen? I'm Kristin Thorn, investigative reporter with law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this.


It's not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the retrial exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus. Then he tried again to kinda like shoot his shot boy by saying, well, you must let me kiss you goodnight. I must not. And then he asked her if she knew any of those like air raid shelters where the first victim was found in. And he said, nearby. And he is like, we could like go make out in one of those. And she was like, I don't know where one is nearby. And also like, I don't, I'm not gonna go to an air raid shelter with you. And she was like, I'm not leaving to go somewhere with you. Yeah. Like, that's just not happening. And at that, he grabbed her and pulled her into an alley, pushed her up against the door in a more darkened alcove.


And he kissed her And she said she didn't stop him right away because she was like, fine, okay, whatever. But then she said he got handsy. And that's when she was like, dude, I have said it a million times. Yeah. I've been very upfront with you about this. I don't consent to this. I'm not con I'm not having sex with you. Right. Like, that's not it. So she told him to stop. She was like, I I was consenting to kiss you, but I'm not. Yeah. And we're not going further, further than that. Like that, that, and he refused to stop. Oh fuck this motherfucker. So she later told police, he tried to pull my clothes up. So she tried to fight him, but the man was very strong. Yeah. And she said he got ahold of me by the throat and he started squeezing.


Oh my God. After a while I lost unconsciousness. So he choked her until she was unconscious. Jesus. But what's even creepier is the entire time he was choking her, he was muttering like to her. You won't, you won't, you won't. Over and over again. You won't What? To this day. Nobody has any idea what the fuck that means. You won't. He just kept saying, you won't. That's bizarre. And I wonder if it was him saying like, like, you won't live convincing himself. Like, you won't kill her or you won't stop. Or one or the other. Yeah. Like, either you won't stop or you won't kill this one. What? Like it, because she said it was almost like a trance-like thing.


Like he was like far away in his own mind saying You won't, so it's almost like she wasn't saying it to her. Yeah. Like he was saying it to himself, like, you won't do it this time. Oh. To think how scary that like whole thing is in and of itself without the muttering. And then, and then to add the muttering to it. Yeah. Oh, this poor woman. So she became unconscious. And at that time, a night Porter John Shine, who was only 18 years old, oh, God was making his rounds and he heard weird noises coming from the alley. And by the time he got there, he could see a flashlight kind of flickering. And he saw a pair of women's legs sticking out from a doorway. So he called out to whoever was there saying like, whoever's there, like, I'm, I'm here.


I'm like, I see you. And this scared the shit out of the man. And he ran down the alley away from them, but it was pitch black. So the porter with help from a few civilians helped her who she could. Haywood could only moan at this point. She could barely speak. She was like just coming to, yeah. She's just been choked so hard. He got her to her feet and together they found a police officer and reported the attack. Okay. By that time, they found out her dress was ripped, the buttons were broken. Like it was a very brutal, like, intense, aggressive attack. Now, just hours after Haywood had reported her assault to police, another call came in. And this was the one that was 22-year-old Catherine Mulcahy from part one.


Okay. I'll give you a little rundown quickly If you forget of what happened to her that evening. That same evening, a young serviceman Airman had picked her up near Piccadilly Circus and traveled back to her apartment. They were, you know, getting ready to begin a transaction because she was working as a sex worker at the time. And he got on top of her and then immediately began choking her. And he had like, he had actually like, put his knees into her abdomen. Like she was the one with the boots still on. Yes. Because she managed to get his thumbs off her throat and he kicked, she kicked him in the stomach with her boots. Nice. 'cause she was still wearing her boots queen.


And she ran completely nude from her apartment into the hall and started banging on a neighbor's doors screaming that she was being attacked. And as she was being helped by some neighbors, the man had come out, threw money at her, said he had too much to drink. I kind of apologized and left. Hmm. And that later that night, another woman would be murdered in an apartment just across town. Okay. So two attacks and one murder. And then he ran on to murder another woman. That's what makes me think that the you, you won't, you won't, you won't. Was almost him like trying to tell himself you won't again. Yeah. You know, like, it, it feels weird. It does. Now, according to Neil's story, who wrote The Blackout Murders homicide in World War ii and Simon Reed who wrote In the Dark, the true story of The Blackout Ripper, both really great books on this case.


I highly, highly recommend you read them. Simon, we actually talked about, he wrote a book about the death of Michael Malloy, like the Crazy Death of Michael Floyd. God Case was wild. And Simon's awesome. His wife Katie. Katie had actually written in a listener tale That was amazing. Yo, they're awesome Power Couple. Yeah, totally. And amazing books on this case. So highly, highly recommend they're linked in the show notes. Yay books. But according to their books, 25-year-old Doris j and a had only recently moved to London and quickly fell into sex work as a means of supporting herself until she could find a suitable husband. Okay. Not long.


That was very common. Yeah. In this time period especially, but not long, not long after arriving in the city, Doris had met 60-year-old Henry Ju a Okay. A wealthy French hotel owner. Oh, hell yeah. Yeah. And obviously much older than her. And a few months later, the couple married Love. Now Mo he apparently their marriage was very sweet. Yeah. Why? Like it's not what you would think of the time period, first of all. Yeah. And the age difference. Right. They genuinely seemed to love each other. I love that. And would say that like they were genuinely very happy with each other. But she was, Doris would get bored with married life a lot.


I mean, she's very young, she's young and she's very much a w like, she has always kind of been like, make her own way scrappy on the streets kind of things. Right. So this is one of those things where she's just having trouble settling down and this man is from a completely different generation. Exactly. I'm sure he has a completely different set of standards. And he, and he like loved her. He understood that she had a life before him. Yeah. And like, I think they had actually met in that way. Sure. So like, he was like, I get it. Like, but he's like, you don't have to do that anymore and I don't want you to. He's literally giving pretty woman. It really is. Like, he's like, I don't want you to, and he, and so he would, he would sleep sometimes at the hotels that he owned and managed, but he would typically stop at home to have dinner with her every night.


That's so sweet. So they would have dinner together. Like she would always have soup on for him. Like they would just have this nice dinner. And again, she like, she tried to like settle, but it just, it was a little tough. So she would often fall back into sex work Yeah. To make extra income. Or while he was away for long periods, she would get bored and lonely and just want to go out and do it. But she would see him off the train, off to the train, and then she would go out sometimes soliciting for extra money. Now on February 12th, the same night of the attack on Haywood and Mulcahy, Doris had seen Henry off at the train. And then she had done just that, gone out in London onto the streets. Several acquaintances saw her that evening.


They spoke to her about what she was doing. She seemed completely fine. Okay. You know, nothing outta the ordinary. Yeah. It wasn't until the next night, February 13th, a little past 7:00 PM that Henry arrived home to find the dishes from the previous night's dinner still on the table. And no reply when he called out to Doris. No. He said she never would've left the soup bowls in such dirty on the counter or in the sink. She just never procrastinated that particular chore. Yeah. Which just wasn't something she would've done. Right. And he was even more concerned with the fact that the bedroom door, their bedroom door was locked. Oh. Now none of this was like Doris. So Henry got their housekeeper next door to try to open the bedroom door And she couldn't.


Okay. So together they called the police. And very quickly, Constable William Payne and his partner arrived at the apartment and the officers ended up forcing their way into the bedroom. And they found Doris. And it looked like at first she might've been still asleep in bed. She was completely covered in a, in a blanket in a sheet. PC Payne wrote in his report, I pulled the bed cloth, but slight but slightly and revealed the head of a woman pulling the blanket even more. It revealed that it was definitely Doris in bed And she was dead. And she had been wearing only her night dress. And they said a tight bound stocking was around her neck, under her chin. Pain wrote that a circular cut ran round under the left breast and the private parts appeared slashed.


In fact, her genitals had been stabbed and slashed brutally. And while she was alive, the sheets were covered in blood. Oh. Now upon examination, it was seen that there was also a gash on her right cheek. And according to Simon Reeds in the dark, the true story of The Blackout Ripper, there was a four inch gash under her right breast and a large deep six inch gash that ran from just below her navel to right above her vaginal entrance. Oh God. And there was another six inch deep cut on the other side of her coin and another running up her thigh. My God. And again, all had bled to varying degrees. So they were inflicted before, during, and right as she died.


Right. It was clear that these were inflicted by someone who was also left-handed. Ah. Again. So they also found a bloodstained razor, a nail file, and a pair of manicure scissors. Oh God. Yes. Now a nail file. Yeah. In his statement to the press Scotland yard chief superintendent Fred Cheryl, our fingerprint extraordinaire guy, he told reporters not since the panic ridden days in 1888 when Jack the Ripper was abroad in the East end, had London known such a reign of terror. Now the Killer appeared to literally be tearing through the streets of London just killing women at an alarming rate.


And he was leaving basically nothing behind. Yeah. Because he wasn't bringing anything with him right now. But when the reports of attacks came from women who were escaping with their lives, though, there was coming descriptions of him, which was helpful. In fact, Haywood had seen her attacker very up close for a, an extended period of time. Yeah. She was like of, of great help. Right. They essentially had a, a date together. Yeah. She gave a very detailed description. She said he's between 25 and 26, which is insane. Yeah. And, and when all is said and done, it's like, he's like barely 28 years old. Nuts. And he's about five foot eight inches tall, fresh complexion chestnut or medium brown hair, wavy in front and frizzy at the crown brown eyes.


I love that breed. Small mouth with thin lips. And he was dressed in an electric blue overcoat with thin gray lines and square check with fairly large collar and belt gray tr trousers and brown shoes. Okay. Wow. Good for her. I was like, damn, I wouldn't have been able to remember all that. I don't even know what I have for breakfast today. No.


Lamont Jones's world is shattered when his cousin dies in custody just weeks after entering prison. The official report says natural causes, but bruises and missing teeth tell a different story from Wondery comes Death County pa a chilling true story of corruption and coverups that begins as one man's search for answers, but soon reveals a disturbing pattern. Lamont's Cousin's death is just one of many and powerful forces are working to keep the truth buried with never before heard interviews and shocking revelations. Death County PA pulls back the curtain on one of America's darkest institutional secrets. This isn't just another true crime story, it's happening right now. Follow Death County pa on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Death County PA early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


What you may not be thinking about, or you may have forgotten about though, 'cause you're thinking, okay, we got a description. But he probably looks a lot like a lot of soldiers every, anywhere the uniform. It's not like he's wearing something. You know, we can easily identify. He's got brown hair, brown eyes, like he have similar haircuts. Yeah. It's like, what are we gonna do here? But what you might not be thinking about is that Haywood's Attacker had an Royal Air Force issued respirator with him all night. Mm. Well, there was a key piece of evidence left behind at the scene of her attack. Stop it in his haste. When he ran away from the scene, he left behind that Royal Air Force issued respirator bag. Stop it. Like all military issued equipment, the bag was stamped with service number five two five nine eight seven with a simple call to the records department investigators were able to identify who this belonged to.


28-year-old leading aircraft man, Gordon Frederick Cummins, 28-year-old. And what a thank goodness. What a dumb ass, dumb ass mistake. Dumb ass just left a whole ass identification behind. And thank God that that patrol man was walking by. Yes. 18 years old. Yeah. At least he came to her rescue. Yeah. Seriously. Because in you'll see in Simon Reed's book that like some civilians that were around at that point were like, well, what did she think she was getting? Like they assume she was a sex worker. Of course. And they took on the, well, what did she, she expect? What she, what did she expect? Attitude. Which is so shitty. 'cause again, we say race car drivers get into accidents.


Exactly. Sometimes. But when that happens, nobody sit there and says, well, what did they expect? Well, they're, it's a human, its', they're not expecting person. No. They're not expecting to get murdered. Exactly. Thank you for asking. Like, like I don't, I don't think they expect that. No. They also shouldn't have to Exactly. Now to the press public. And surely some of the investigators, the murders definitely were ringing the Jack the Ripper bell from decades earlier, you know. Oh, big time. But this new killer appeared to honestly have accomplished in a literal handful of days what Jack the Ripper had in a span of months. Yeah. Which was even scarier. That is scarier. The murder of Evelyn Hamilton had occurred on the evening of February 8th. And since then, the killer had murdered at least three additional women in less than a week and attacked multiple more.


Yes. The press reported as the circumstances of the crime bear a strong resemblance to the murders. The police are working on the assumption that these cases are linked together. Investigators were fairly confident that the same man had done all of this. Yeah. And the women who had escaped him had been vital to now capturing him. Now In February 15th, 1942, Scotland Yard investigators brought Gordon Cummins in for questioning. And at the time they only had connected him to the Haywood attack. Right. 'cause that's where they had the respirator. According to Cummins, he had met her at the cafe as she had said, but he claimed that he had been out drinking with another serviceman that night and had become very drunk.


So he had hazy memory of whatever happened later that night. Oh wow. That's crazy. Yeah. That works out so well for you. And he, he actually said, he was like, oh, if I, if I did do what you're telling me I did, like, I'm very sorry, I'll, I'll pay her like to, to apologize. Like I'll give her money. And they were like, like hush money. I don't, I think she wants her money. I don't think that's gonna fix the trauma, but thank you so much. Yeah. He was booked on a charge of causing grievous bodily harm, which allowed for him to be held in jail and gave investigators time to look for any connection into the other attacks. He was probably shitting himself, shit. His pants. Later that afternoon, Haywood and Mul KeHE positively identified Cummins as the man who'd attacked them.


But when it came to the murders, he claimed he had an alibi that could be verified by checking the logs at the barracks. It turned out that the logs did show Cummins as having been on the base at The Times, the murders that were, were committed. But when pushed for further details, his fellow soldiers, their loyalty wavered, there was, it seems a habit of soldiers to log in and out for other soldiers. Yep. When they wanted to get off base and they didn't get the permission to go off base. Yeah. That meant where the logs might have shown him as being on base. It was unreliable at best. And some of them were like, oh yeah, I logged him in. Right. Like he wasn't there. Yeah.


So meanwhile, detective Tom Shepherd inspected Cummins room at the ba at the barracks to see if there was anything they could connect. They found a fountain pen in his pocket that had eng that was engraved in gold letters, DJ Doris Ju and a. Yep. He also uncovered shirts and towels with red stains on them that appeared to be blood. And Cummins denied knowing how the pen was in his possession at all. Never saw it. Oh, that's so crazy that I have a murder victim's pen in my possession. I never saw that. And I don't know what those red stains could be. Oh, okay. He didn't even have a good story to come up with. On the morning of February 17th, Cummins appeared before a judge at the B at the Bow Street Magistrates Court, where he was formally charged for the murders of Evelyn Oatley, Margaret Lowe.


And, and Doris Juna, the logs and witness testimony at the time convincingly showed that he was in bed at the barracks on the night of Evelyn Hamilton's murder. Okay. So the prosecution was unable to connect him to that case at the time of his arraignment. Okay. So again, at the time, they didn't feel like they had enough to say that he was lying about being in the barracks at that time. So they didn't add her in. Okay. So to those who knew him, this arrest for multiple murders came as a shock to people. Yeah. Not only was he well liked and respected by his fellow airmen, but he had even won over his superiors for his efficiency and zeal to transform himself from lowly ground crew to dashing airmen.


Wow. And also, also it just makes you think like, yeah, these people walk among us. Oh yeah. And this is very much of the time, this next thing, because they were also baffled at the sexual assault allegations against him because at the time when psychology and motives for sexual violence were very badly understood shite, the idea that this man would have to force women to engage in sex with him seemed insane to everybody. It's like, that does happen. We don't all just wanna fuck every man. We see. They were, it's like, no. Yeah. And it's like, and they said, not only was he married to a beautiful young woman, he was married. He sure was. What the fuck? He was also known to brag endlessly about his sexual conquest outside of the marriage.


Oh, what a douche bag. Yeah. He was constantly cheating on his wife. He never seemed to have enough sex around him. He was, he's got a problem. Yeah. He looks like he has a problem. I mean, it was constant. Yeah. He would go visit and his wife was like, beautiful. Go visit his wife, have dinner with her, and then be like, oh, I have to get back early to the barracks. And it was because he was going out to troll for other girls. And it's like, you have a wife right here. Yeah. Who misses you and probably would love to spend some intimate time with you. Right. But you, for some men, it's not that it's the conquest of having multiple women. Exactly. It makes them feel like a king. In fact, he even got very close to his lieutenant's wife, like had a very close relationship with her.


Shut the fuck up. And there were rumors that they were having an affair. That's how like charming this guy was. Wow. Yeah. And what he's bold, very bold. He's bold because he gets away with it. Can you imagine Lieutenant finds that shit out? He'll fuck you up. But, and there was always like sexual assault accusations like floating near him. Mm. When he was a, but no one ever pinned them on him. And again, thought that he would never need to force himself on any woman. So of course he couldn't have done it. And this was the culmination of what was likely a long career of quietly raping and hurting women. That's awful. And his looks and charm getting him out of being suspected for, it's like, yeah, he doesn't need to, but he wants to Does That's the problem everybody.


Yeah. He was also known to be a liar and an extreme exaggerator. Shocking. He'd made everyone believe that he was a quote man of high class breeding. Eh. But he came from a pretty average beginning. It wasn't low. He wasn't like, you know, in poverty, but he wasn't wealthy. His father was a civil servant. His mom was a housewife. Okay. They, he had a very normal childhood. That's fucking bonkers. No one in his family had anything to say about him being like cruel, anything to be concerned about. Wild. Like, his parents were literally like, that's so scary. He was a normal kid. And like they, and even he said, I had a very normal childhood. There's days that had no abuse.


There was nothing so scary. But it happens. Exactly. It's not the first story we've told where that's been the case. He always had money on him as an adult from stealing it. Yeah, of course. And he waved it around and bragged all the time just to be a dick. And, but, and he had also been nicknamed at different times The Count and the Duke, like he was like volunteer. Yeah. Growing up. He was known in school to be pretty smart, but he was always focused more on socializing than anything else. Same. Yeah. And he would go with, that was like his whole life. Yeah. He would just like, he was so concerned with socializing and women and Yeah. And that kind of thing. And he would pretend to be like an Aris stick rat.


Like he wanted to be a higher class Yeah. Guy. And he would even evolve his, he evolved his accent to sound Pa P really? Because he wanted to like live that life so much. Interesting. Yeah. It reminds me of, oh, I can't think of the name of that movie, but the Leonardo DiCaprio one where he's literally Catch me If you can catch me If you can. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Which is weird because pilots Yeah. The Air Force. Yeah. That is weird. Yeah. But now in court, on the day of the arraignment, Cummins again impressed the large crowd of press and spectators. He was dressed in his full Royal Air Force uniform and you know, thinking that would disarm people looking queen cut looking handsome, like dashing smile.


And you know, he was also being charged with the assaults on Haywood and Mulcahy. So Yeah. Not great. That wasn't really impressive to anybody, I'm sure. Yeah. And each, each charge was read for the court. The prosecutor Vincent Evans provided graphic details of the crimes committed. And when they went on to the murders, they talked about the brutality of the mutilations. And most importantly, that Gordon Cummins fingerprints had been found at each scene. So, and they had officially connected those fingerprints to the scene. There's that for you guys. Further evidence presented at the hearing where the various personal items belonging to the victims, like Evelyn Oatley cigarette case, which had been found in Cummin's possession following his arrest As he sat in jail awaiting trial, the evidence just continued piling up against him.


Great. Among his possessions, investigators found again the pen that Doris, her initials were on. Yeah. A second cigarette case identified by Barbara Lowe as having belonged to her mother. Oh. There was also a bloodstained shirt. The bloodstained towel detectives traced the bills he had thrown at Catherine Mulcahy to those given to him in his recent payout. Wow. The time. That is so fucking impressive. The detective work here. Yes. So impressive. That's incredible. Henry Juna also identified a watch that Cummins was carrying in his respirator case as belonging to his wife Doris. Oh. And the like, when you hear about Henry and how he reacted breaks your heart.


Yeah. Like, and Barbara with her mother. Yeah. Like, it's really awful. And I guess the investigators did do a really, really good job at dealing with Margaret Lowe's like profession because they said her child is school aged and is involved in this. So we don't wanna make a big deal out of what she was doing. That's nice for her profession. Like out of respect for her daughter. Yeah. You never should, which is like, but that's great. Wow. I know. And it's like, that feels like weirdly progressive from it does the time. You know, so does, you know, like since they treated sex workers so horribly at the time, so it like that those were interesting little tidbits Yeah. That were like, and they made sure to keep her from seeing the scene.


They kept Henry from seeing the scene. Like I guess they kept him out of the bedroom. Good. They didn't That's good. Didn want him to see anything. Just interesting little tidbits here and there. But so he was stealing trophies from these women that weren't even monetarily valuable. They were just for him to relive the experience. Right. Like these cigarette cases were not really valuable. Yeah. A woman's watch. Even the was, and it was broken. Oh wow. Like it was like a, it was like an old watch. He just wanted it. He also had, he also had a comb from Doris, like a hair comb that was missing teeth. And Henry said, I know that Doris is comb because she bought it on the street from a street vendor. Oh. And it was missing teeth. Yeah. And I told her, he even said like, I told her, I'll buy you like a better one.


Yeah. And she was like, no, I like this one. So he stole like sentimental things. Yeah. Meaningful things. Which is like even more fucked up. It is. But there was also, again, more fingerprint evidence found at all the scenes and on the murder and mutilation implements. And they all matched, his fingerprints and footprints were found at at least one crime scene that matched his shoes. Oh wow. So by the end of March, investigators finally found the cr crucial piece of information needed to connect him to finally the murder of Evelyn Hamilton while processing the gas mask recover from the scene of the Haywood attack, technicians found mortar dust inside that matched dust found at the scene of the Hamilton murder.


Damn. Again, 1930s. Holy shit. Yeah. Like early forties. That is detective work. As for his alibi for that night where it was like shaky that he was in bed, but they couldn't disprove it, the prosecutor believed that it would've just been fabricated. Like they now they could officially say it was fabricated. Vincent Evans said, it is quite possible for men in that bellette, which is the barracks like a Roman, a barracks. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. To leave by means of a fire escape. And it has suggested that is what Cummins did on that night. So that he was logged in. He just escaped through the fire escape. Yeah. In response to all the charges. Cummins said, that is ridiculous.


I think you are ridiculous. And that's, you are very ridiculous, sir. That's it. That yeah. Literally is ridiculous. And it that is ridiculous. It's like, ooh, you tried. Yeah. Barely. Yeah. You tried on that one, but nope, no cigar. His wife was equally shocked saying she couldn't imagine him doing anything to jeopardize becoming a pilot. He was so like, she was like, nothing like would stop him from, he didn't think the ladder And she said their marriage was perfect. She couldn't understand. He had never shown any violence. That's heartbreaking. Meanwhile, he barely came to see her and claimed it was because he was focused on doing his job well. But really he was running around getting sex wherever he could and forcing it on people.


Yeah. But she, when she saw him, it was for small periods of time and he was delightful I'm sure. Yeah. Now Cummins trial began in late April at the old Bailey. Oh, I know her. Yep. However, on April 24th, something shocking happened. Well, a mistrial was declared why after the jury was incorrectly given access to the wrong exhibit. There were, they were given photos from another victim's crime scene guys. Yeah. You were doing so well up to this point. And that's like's never happened before at the old Bailey. This was the first time. Wow. In his instructions to the press, justice Aath told reporters as little should be said, as possible as to the reasons for the discharge of the jury, so as to not taint the new jury.


Yeah. I'm sure that the press can be relied upon to treat this with every discretion. The full truth will be published later, but not until this trial is over. He's like, you motherfuckers better sit still and quietly so that we can actually serve some justice here. Yeah. He's like, don't be publishing theories about why there was a mistrial. Like he's innocent. Yeah. Don't do that. Like, he'll let you know later, but like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. On April 27th, a new jury was sworn in. Wow. And the Cummins trial began again with the defendant testifying on his own behalf. Mm. According to Cummins, on the evening of February 9th, he had gone out for dinner and consumed a lot of drinks and didn't recall anything after leaving the restaurant around 10:00 PM That's not a great excuse. Yeah. But he did say however, that he had never been to Evelyn Oakley's apartment and he had nothing to do with her murder or the murders of the other three women.


How do you know If you can't remember anything Exactly. Cummins defense was so fucking weak and the evidence against him was so fucking overwhelming. Yeah. So convincing on April 29th, just two days after the new trial started, the jury deliberated for a little more than a half hour before coming out and saying, you guilty. You are guilty. You guilty Nicole by Yeah. Basic. Yeah, basic. They came and said, you're guilty of the murder of Evelyn Oatley. And he was sentenced to death. Good. He was sentenced to hang under the circumstances. The prosecution said, we're not gonna pursue the other charges, let's just Yeah. Get him. We already got the death penalty. Yeah. A month later, Cummins lead defense attorney, DeAnn Pratt Pile, filed an appeal on his sentence arguing that the previous judge was quote, not emphatic enough in his warning to the jury that they had to decide the case on the evidence alone.


Okay. Pratt argued that the media coverage had all but confirmed that Cummins was guilty, making it very difficult to get an unbiased jury. After reviewing the evidence in the Oatley case, the three judge panel said, Nope, we're upholding the previous ruling and we're dismissing the appeal. And they told reporters that. They quote unhesitatingly took the view that the Evidence was overwhelming. Yeah, it sounded like it. Yeah. Despite the outcome of the trial and the appear appeal, he maintained that he was innocent of all charges, had nothing to do with the murders, even though his fingerprints were found on all the murder, everything and mutilation weapons. His feet, his footprints were at the scenes. He had their possessions in his possession and blood from them on his clothes.


That's crazy that he didn't do it, but he's like, yeah, yeah. I don't know. So crazy frame job that's happening here. Wow. Dude, on June 25th, 1942, Gordon Frederick Cummins was hanged at Wadsworth Worth prison just as air raid sirens signaled an incoming bomb run on the city. Oh God. Well isn't that a wild coincidence? That's dark. While the execution of the so-called blackout ripper brought an end to this particular series of brutal murders in 1942 London, it didn't explain why it happened or why it received such little fucking coverage. Yeah. It's crazy that this did, did does not get the coverage that it deserves. No, I just broke there. Historian Halle Ruben Hold who some of you may like have read her book.


She's, she's gone very deeply into Jack the Ripper and his victims in particular. She also has Podcasts. Well this don't worry, I'll mention them. Historian Halle Ruben Hold told a reporter in 2022, the whole fabric of London was torn up and there was so much distraction the murders passed almost under the radar. Yeah. There was also the matter of the victim's class status and profession. Yeah. Like Halle said, the women who were killed were vulnerable, some of them were sex workers, people were sympathetic. But as with the women killed by Jack the Ripper, there was that underlying feeling. What did they expect? Until recently, again, the story has gone like kind of forgotten.


Some reporters, some historians have done little pieces here and there on them, but I didn't know about this. Yeah. And Ruben Hold and her partner criminologist Alice Fines want to change that whole thing. Just like they wanted to change how the Jack the Ripper story was told. And I think they did a great job at it by telling it more through the victims than through the perpetrator. Yeah. I like that. They have some Podcasts about this. It's called, let me see, The Blackout Ripper is the podcast that she has done. She's reporting on all the victims' stories going very far into each of them. I highly recommend going to listen to it If you wanna know more about this case. Yeah.


I'm gonna go and listen to it now. I haven't yet, but I'm, I plan to, now that we're over the case, I want to go like dive further into it. She wrote the, and Ruben Holt said the women he assaulted had one thing in common. They were all trying to make their way in a world turned upside down by war. They faced the same danger from the bombs as men, but for, but the upheaval affected them disproportionately. Some sold sex, some didn't. But their life stories meticulously explored in every episode of The Blackout Ripper create a compelling portrait of the time. It's just like the Jack the Ripper case. When you look further into the victim's lives, you see like so much more to the landscape of what was going on.


Absolutely. Yeah. And it gives you such a bigger picture of the whole thing than just looking at it like, and they died and they were killed by this guy. Right. And they were a sex worker. Like, tell me why they're so much, were sex worker more to it. Tell me what their lives were, what the time was like. Yeah. Like I think The Blackout Ripper, I'm excited to listen to it 'cause I, I can't wait to get deeper into these women's lives and Yeah. You know, I think she does a good job of doing that. Nice. So in her books too. That's great. Which will will put all the stuff in the show notes. Yeah, definitely. But that is the story of The Blackout Ripper Devastating Cummins. Fascinating. Horrific. Horrific. I enjoyed your coverage, but thank you. It was a lot at times upsetting.


It was upsetting for sure, but very fascinating story. Yeah. Especially is I do feel like with the Jack the Ripper case and this case, the setting is such a key part of the story. Part of Yeah. Like and I like that you took the time to explain that. Yeah, I was, I was tempted to go full Jack the Ripper with this and like do a wild 72 page dissertation. I mean, you are a ologist. I held back though. I held back on it a little bit. I might revisit it again to like go even deeper into some things. Yeah. But this is a wild one. Yeah. It this shocked me. It's, it's wild. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. Well, you know, look out for that.


This girl just never, well look out for the next one. And with that being said, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you do any of this and you somehow end up with a ton of murder victims possessions in your possession somehow. Like, 'cause usually when that happens, you're the one that did it. Idiot. Bye. You'll be a dick. He had fish lips. He did. Yeah.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.