
Hey weirdos. It's Ash here. Ready to share a little secret. Have you heard of Wondery? Plus, with ad free episodes and one week early access, it's like having an all access pass to our lighthearted nightmare. So come join us on the dark side and try Wondery Plus. Today You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast From the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson listened to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the King of Trash tv Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


My name is TJ Raphael. I'm the host of Liberty Lost. A new podcast about who gets to be a mother and the control of young women hidden behind the Veil of Faith. Binge all episodes of Liberty Lost ad Free right now on Wondery Plus.


Hey weirdos. I am Ash. And I am Elena. And This is Morbid. This is morbid. Trying to figure out what to eat for dinner. Not flaming hot Cheetos. No, I just tried flaming hot Cheetos for the first time. I like that You say flaming. Flaming. What is it supposed to be like? Flaming, flaming, flaming. Oh, I thought it was flaming. Flaming. It's flaming. Hot author. Oh, I have tried Flaming Hot. Flaming hot Cheetos for the first time.


It's Yeah, I've never tried them before. Which you would think I would. I love cheesy goodness. Yeah, they're okay. Yeah. I took a video of her trying them. They're, she just said so spicy. They're so spicy. They're not like crazy spicy. And then they're so artificial tasting. I think I've just like lost a taste for super artificial tasting stuff. I get that you offered me for the most part And I was not interested. Yeah. I think that's what happened. Remember I tried Takis. Oh yeah. And it made me literally sick. Like, I think it was just, I couldn't get, that's another thing I've never tried. I know my bounds. Yeah. When it comes to this IBS body of mine. Well, your stomach is a, is the wild west. Yeah. So I don't blame you for putting up boundaries.


Listen, I'm gonna say some crazy shit right now. I'm not a medical doctor, so don't fucking listen to me. But uhoh, no, no, no, no. And it's, I'm not, I was gonna say it, but then I decided not to. But you're not someone who claims that you can beat infertility with a positive mindset. No. Yeah. Or raw milk. You're not that person. But I do find a difference in my tum Tums happiness when I eat chia seed pudding in the morning. You know? And there's actually scientific evidence behind that and like how it works as it travels through your body. Well, and people also, people like it. It's fucking good. I've never really had it, but I, I think there's something to that. You don't like pudding though? I do love pudding. You do like pudding? Yeah. I love pudding.


Why did I think you don't like pudding? I don't know. Pudding. I love a pudding moment. It's, I think it's really good. And it's also really easy to make. So there it's like four ingredients. I should try that. 'cause I really need to, I gotta get back on. I was in a really good like, meal preppy Yeah. Place of, of being for like the last few months. I was like, every Sunday I was doing my meal prep for the week and it was mostly like snacks for the kids. Yeah. And like, you know, just getting things ready so we could have an easier week. Shit like that ebbs and flows so much. It just 'cause life. Yeah. It's like we would have a couple of busy weekends and it, we throw me off or we people got sick. Yeah. Like the kids got sick. I got sick. John got like, somebody got sick.


Yeah. And it just threw us all off. But I need to get back in my ship because I do think the, that life flows nicer. Yeah. When there's a little bit of prep involved. No, definitely like a prep. I just prepped three of these for this week. 'cause I was like, I'm, I was waking up. I've been waking up. So lately. Lately as too, because I happen, me need to get it coming into the office ridiculously late. I just roll up in here at fucking like nine 17. I'm like, sorry. Hey, we start early usually. But I just, I don't know what's going on with my life. But Ash says, fuck y'all. Yeah. I make my own. I show up when I want to. I show up. I show up when I can, when I can. I, I show up pretty regularly. Yeah. But yeah, no, I, I kept, I kept just like not eating breakfast or like grabbing something stupid or being exponentially more late because I was like, I have to eat breakfast.


Yeah. And these juicy puddings, you make them, you have to set them in the fridge. 'cause they, they'll Oh, fuck you up. If they don't, oh, if they, 'cause they're, they're like loaded with fiber. Oh. They have to soak in a, like, some kind of liquid so that they're not so they're not as like crazy. I don't know. Yeah. But because I think basic, I think they can like, maybe not exactly, but I think they can like explode in you If you don't soak them first. I think people have had like ruptures. Here's the thing, I don't know if I'll be doing chia seed pudding. I don't like having any kind of risk with my food. No. There's no risk If you soak them like, like one thing rhubarb pie. What a little scared of rhubarb pie.


Why is that? Because you have to like, they don't, there's a certain part of a rhubarb that If you eat it, it's poisonous. For real. Yeah. I Have you ever had a rhubarb? I, I don't know if I have to be, I don't even know ift even if I've come across a rhubarb in the produce section. But rup high is a, is a thing. But yeah, it's like the leaves. I think If you like leave any of the leaves on they're poisonous and that I don't like having any kind of risk with my food. No, I get that. You know, like I'm not one of those people who's going to eat that. Like, highly poisonous like fucking sushi that like, you know, that like crazy thing that it's like if they don't do it perfectly, wait, there's highly poisonous sushi. It's like a, it's in like, I think it's like some crazy delicacy that like, oh, if they don't prepare it exactly right.


It can kill you. Is it like the kind of fish or something? I think so. I've never heard of this. It's like the way you prepare it. I think If you don't do it correctly, oh fuck. I'm not living that life. Like that's why I don't bungee jump. That's why I'm not skydiving. Yeah. That's why you ruined oysters For me and my husband. That's why I ruined oysters for as many people as I could. Yeah. Because I'm just like, no, live this life with me. Yeah. Where we eat food that doesn't kill us. It's good. No, honestly, chia seed pudding is fine. You literally just have to soak it in a liquid before you eat it. Yeah. Otherwise it could just, you know, kill you. Yeah. I'm a little scared by that won't kill you. I'm just gonna, it'll just explode in your diet. I'm just gonna support you and your cheese. I dunno. Look into it. I honestly, I recommend it though because it gets things moving. It gets things moving and, and, and it might really get things moving by exploding inside of you.


So just, just soak it in a liquid. But they're loaded in fiber And we as women especially, don't get enough fiber. And this is not an ad. We literally just don't. That sounded like it was about to be an ad. I know for a second I was like, do we have an ad? I was like, well fuck off. No, I feel, I feel passionate about this. We as women do not get in. And I was like, ooh. Okay. Lately I feel so passionate about like women's like, like just like health. Yeah. There's no fucking research into women's health whatsoever. And I've been looking more into it. And they don't recommend that we have enough fiber. I mean, so all of us are lacking in fiber and that makes us tired and irregular. And I regular and have IBS and you know, this is a health podcast now. Yeah.


Welcome. No. Anyways, we were gonna say something else. No, I don't know. We just have, we have some, some stuff coming up. That's fun. We do that. I just, you know, I'm just sharing with my besties here. You know me. All of you. Everybody. The listeners. You Mikey. All the people listening. Michael, we get to go to the Jacks mannequin concert soon. I mean it's like the day after tomorrow. Yeah, I was gonna say it's like good. By the time you hear this out, we'll have already been. It was awesome. I'm sure it was great. Good job Andrew. Yeah. We get to hang with Andrew. Yeah, I'm sure for a minute again. And that'll be fun. And Aiden's coming. 'cause that's always a fun thing to be like, oh, let's just hang out with Andrew McMahon again.


Rockstar again. 16-year-old me is just not, not really fully grasping that as reality, but here we are. Yeah. And I'm just excited to see Jax Mannequin play again because I haven't been to a Jax mannequin concert in a long time. I actually can't believe I talked about fiber before this. It was like the worst transition ever. I just talked about like digestive tracks and fiber before that. Now you're like, let's talk about Jax mannequin. Yeah. I'm like, that's good. We like, oh yeah. You know, that really shifted us into gear. Jesus Christ. I love it. I'm so excited. I haven't seen Jack's mannequin since I think 2016. Yeah, it's been a long time. Maybe. Yeah. So that'll be fun. We got that. And hopefully, you know, hopefully we see some of you there.


Yeah, I bet we did. We probably did because it was so much fun. Oh, we did. We saw some of you there and it was, Hey, hey guys. Good to see you. Hey you. We saw there. Hey listener. You know it's gonna be, you know what's super duper cool? What? There's only like 20 ish episodes left where we have to be so far ahead. 20 episodes left that we have be. Yeah. We only have, we only have a handful of episodes where we're not gonna understand where it's falling in the, where brushing order we're at, where we're at, and the space time continuum. Yeah. We're almost at a point where we're gonna be up to date with you guys. Imagine in our episodes. It's gonna be so exciting. So nice to see you guys again. Relate. Yeah. Just you guys can't wait. Yeah. It's gonna be nice.


What if I laughed like that whenever I say, what if I laughed like that? So many people comment. They're like, You do. You do. I'm like, don't tell me I laugh like that. You laugh like that. I just said, you don't tell me that I'm reckless today. You are reckless and this is a reckless story that you're about to finish. Yeah. Certainly. Reckless is a great way to describe it. I know. I think we bantered the banter amount. A thousand sons. That was beautiful. Thank you. Poetic even. Alright, so yeah, we are in part two of The Murder of David Harris. This is like Elena just said, a reckless story. Harrowing one might say in part one, we started obviously with the unfortunate act of Clara Harris running over her husband David, while his 16-year-old daughter Lindsay sat in the passenger seat of the car.


I cannot get over that. Yeah. I just feel deep, deep sadness for her. Me too. Like I'm sending her all of my condolences at all times. Yeah. So Clara had just learned two weeks earlier that David was having an affair with his secretary, Gail Bridges, how cliche. Mm. Obviously that was absolutely devastating to her for so many reasons. But they had been married for 10 years at that point. Damn. They had 3-year-old twins. Wow. 3-year-old twins at that point. Three years old. And she's being told that she's like not bouncing back quick enough. Oh yeah. Because remember in part one, that's another part to revisit. Yeah.


She had him sit down with her and make a list of other attributes that like she, so she could compare to make herself better. Which is, which is horrifying, the saddest thing I think I've ever heard. And he wrote down that Gail had almost a per a perfect body with almost no fat. And that Oh, good. For Gail Clara was a large person, too big. And again, she had three year year old twins. Twins. So, so that's fucking terrible. That's cool. But also so that all of that was devastating. And they also were owners of multiple practices across Houston together. Yeah. And he's cheating with one of their employees.


Yeah. When you think about that. Like her money that she's earnIn, Clara is going to this woman who's having an affair with her husband. Yeah. She paid this woman's salary. Yeah. Who's having an affair with her husband. Yeah. Not anymore though, because remember she got fired. She got fired. Clara said hand over those keys. So now that she knew pretty much everything there was to know about her husband's affair, Clara wanted to know more about Gail Bridges, who was this woman who had managed to easily lure her husband away. You don't wanna know, she, You know what though You do. I know. No, I know. You wanna know. I was, that's why I just looked at you. But for real, you don't, it's not gonna do anything for you. It's not gonna do anything for you, but it's gonna upset you more. It's, I totally understand people's response to this.


Oh, 100%. Because I have to know everything about everything too. Even like when it's a bad thing. Oh yeah. I can't imagine this specific bad thing. It's never good though. Oh, it's awful. It just never ends in you being like, wow, I feel so much better for having known that. I know. Well, she found out Ga, that Gail, I mean, she knew that Gail had worked For the company for several months, but Clara didn't really know a lot about her. So she started asking around what she learned about Gail was kind of just a mix of VAD facts, salacious rumors, and obviously biased opinions. But one thing caught her off guard caught Clara off guard. Supposedly Gail had left her husband years earlier to be in a relationship with another woman. So the news was unconfirmed. It was just a rumor. But it was confusing to Clara, her understanding of sexual identity.


Remember this is like very early two thousands in Texas. Her understanding was somewhat rigid. Yeah. She wondered how could Gail be interested in a sexual romantic relationship with David if she was a lesbian? Hmm. Which, like you can be in a relationship with a woman and not be a lesbian in case anybody was confused. Yeah. So upon learning more about Gail, Clara got determined to learn as much as she possibly could. Every time she learns a new piece of information, she wants more and more and more and more. Yeah. See, it's a slippery slope. And she didn't just want information. She wanted revenge. Great band. To that end, it's true. On July 22nd, Claire made an appointment with Blue Moon Investigations, which was a private investigation firm that she found in the yellow pages of the phone book.


The yellow T yellow pages. Yeah. Oof. A few hours later, she found herself sitting down with the, with Blue moon's owners, Lucas and Bobby Bacca, where she handed out a large sum of cash in advance. What she wanted, she explained to them, was them to just surveil Gail Bridges to get any information or even possibly recordings of her with her supposed lover, Julie Knight that Clara could use to publicly shame Gail and ruin her reputation. Which is like homophobic and annoying. And also it's not doing anything. No. And this is where that's not doing it. That's childish. It's childish. And this is where I, Clara really loses me. Yeah. She's thinking that she's gonna publicly shame this woman for being a lesbian.


Yeah. Fuck off. And it's like, Nope. And also, and it's literally just like for why? Yeah. Like that's just, it doesn't, well what do you get out of that? It's not doing anything like this is doing nothing but wasting your fucking time. And If you are truly wanting to work on your marriage, You do have to now concentrate on that. Leave that girl in the dirt. In the dust. Yeah. Like get her outta here. You know, that's the thing. Like, make sure she's gone. Yeah. That doesn't mean obsessing over her. Which obviously again, better, easier than done. It's easier said than done. But it's like, this just isn't going through this big thing to like publicly shame her and shit. It is just not, it's not worth your time. It's not conducive to anything.


And it's very childish regardless of how angry you are. Or upset. That's childish. It just is. Yeah, it is.


As the temps start rising, I feel that familiar urge to refresh my entire closet. But I am not wasting money on pieces that I'm only gonna wear once or just for one event or one season. Quince changes that their clothes are timeless, lightweight, and far more elevated than anything else at this price. They have 100% European linen shorts and dresses from $30. They have Lux swimwear, Italian leather platform sandals, which I just ordered, and so much more. The best part, everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen. Quince gives you luxury without the markup. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I have a ton of pieces from Quince. They are timeless. They hold up and they're gorgeous. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to quince.com/morbid for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/morbid.


Smart money moves are about getting more out of every dollar. With Rocket Money, you can easily find forgotten subscriptions and have them negotiate bills for you putting money back in your pocket with all those savings. Rocket Money practically pays for itself. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps you lower your bills all so that you can grow your savings. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money is going. For ones that you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. Help pay off bills, put money away for a house, or just build up your savings. Rocket Money makes it easy. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. I love Rocket Money. And you will too. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


But the invest the private investigators assured Clara, none of this would be any problem. The case file on Gail Bridges actually came together pretty quickly because it turned out that during her pro, her divorce proceedings three years earlier, Gail's husband, Steve had accused her of carrying on an affair with her friend Julie Knight. Oh. It didn't take long for the accusations to get back to Julie's husband, Chuck Knight, who then in turn filed his own divorce papers alleging his wife was having an affair with Gail. So this is messy as hell now. And Gail is messy as hell. Well, neither man offered any evidence. Gail's messy for having a An affair with David. With David.


Her affair with Julie is unconfirmed. Okay. It seems like it might have just been helpful for her husband to have this in divorce proceedings. Ah, okay. Kind of thing. Okay. That, yeah, we've seen that. Yeah. 'cause neither man offered any evidence to support their claims. And according to Valerie Davenport, who ended up being a lawyer for both Julie and Gail, she said the tale of the affair had been invented by their husbands as a way to divert attention from their own improper misconduct. Ah, apparently Steve Bridges had alleged alcoholism and drug abuse, and Chuck Knight had his own alleged extramarital affair alleged alleged for the Bacas, the private investigators. The details in the actual facts didn't really matter very much.


So what they reported was only what appeared in public record. Yeah. So throughout the day, the the bizarre story started to grow in size and in strangeness. It turned out that in 2001, just a couple years earlier, a year earlier, Julie and Gale had appeared on an episode of the daytime talk show. I don't know if you've heard of it, Sally, Jesse Raphael. Oh, holy shit. The With the glasses. Oh, with the glasses. With the glasses. I remember Sally, Jesse Raphael. I never saw it. That was before my time, but, okay. Just kidding. But Julie and Gail appeared in an episode entitled My Husband, spies On Me. Shut Up.


So this is a real, this is an episode. Yes. And Gail is in Google. My husband spies on me. Sally, Jesse Raphael. And they're in it, but wearing wigs and dark glasses to disguise their appearances because daytime talk show I cannot. Yeah. And because their husband s buys on them and because their husband buys on them. Yeah. Julie and Gale described how their husbands tried to portray them as lesbians in order to get favorable outcomes in their respective divorces. Which is fucked up. It is super fucked up. A few weeks later, after David's murder, the press seized on this information because obviously it is the perfect thing to write a sleazy story about. Of course, they were hoping that the scandal, however fabricated it was, would drive readership. Yeah. And it worked, obviously. Yeah. They don't care if it's real. No.


The story of David Harris's murder became a national news story within just days of his death. The Houston Chronicle was publishing photos of the women and their wigs from the Sally Jesse Raphael episode, elevating the story from one of local interests to a bizarre sex scandal that would obviously fascinate the nation. Because it is bizarre. It is bizarre. Like it's very bizarre. The whole thing. It's like it's so layered at this point. Yeah. Other tabloid and tabloid adjacent papers followed suit. The New York Post declared a headline reading Bisexual Triangle led to Car Slay of hubby Who wrote that? That's a lot. I wanna That's a lot. I wanna talk to the person that wrote that. Yeah, I gotta talk to you about that.


Because that one is a lot. That's a lot. They also compared Gail Bridges to the character of Hester Print from The Scarlet Letter, which like do better. Yeah. I mean that, that's also just like all unoriginal. Yeah. I'm like, okay, scholar A, we get it. Okay. Julie Knight said, it is madness. There's no other way to describe it. And I feel bad that she got dragged into it. 'cause from the sounds of it, Gail and Julie, like when Gail and Julie were married to their respective partners, they were all friends and then they just decided to Yeah. It doesn't sound like they catch this scheme. Doesn't really sound like they had a relationship. Yeah. But within days of David's death, photos of Clara, David, Gail, and Julie were just plastered across every newspaper, every tabloid TV talk shows all across the country.


Oof. Julie told Skip Hollandsworth in 2002. You really do think you have your life worked out. You really do think nothing can go too wrong. And now here we all are on the front pages of newspapers. Ooh, that's rough. But you feel bad for her specifically. 'cause she has nothing to dragged, she got dragged into it. She's such a side like character in this simple whole thing. It's, you feel really bad for her. It's really sad. Given the timeline, it would seem kind of impossible too that Bobby and Lucas Bacca could have dug up so much information about Gail Bridges. It was just like a day and a half before the murder took place. Oh wow. That Gail got all of this information. Yeah. But they didn't seem to have any trouble putting together a large file on Gail at a matter of like hours, essentially.


Mm. It was only after the murder that Clara learned. The real reason Blue Moon investigations had also been hired by Julie's ex-husband, Chuck Knight, to surveil his wife, who he believed was having an affair with his, with her best friend, Gail Bridges. Ah, Bobby Bcca followed both women for days and ultimately came up with nothing. Mm. So, like I said, it doesn't seem like they were even having an affair. Okay. She actually told Chuck Knight, they acted like Wilma and Betty from the Flintstones. And there was nothing, quote unquote lesbian like about their behavior. Nothing. Lesbian, which I'm like lesbian. Like is what is lesbian? Like, is that just like, if they start making out, they start like fing in the street. Is lesbian like, like else lesbian? Like, like what? I'm like, it sounds like they were just best friends, best friends that were like hanging out and probably going through hard times in their marriages.


Yeah, but please Bobby let us do tell about lesbian, like mannerisms. But according to Bobby, when she reported her chuck or findings to Chuck Knight, he asked her to inflame the lesbian aspects of the report again to help him in his divorce proceedings. This is all alleged. After that, Bobby filed the report away, didn't really think anything else about it until a few months later when Gail and Julie showed up at her office. They both intended to hire Blue Moon to investigate their husbands. But only Julie ended up going through with it and Bobby opened a case and to Chuck Knight's life. Ah, among the things that Bobby learned was that Chuck was allegedly having an affair of his own with a woman named Lori, who was a part-time baton twirling and suck instructor and a wife of a local builder.


How, how are these people real? That's what I wanna know. You know what? It's so Texas like. That's real wild. Everything's bigger in Texas. A part-time baton twirling instructor. Yeah. Why not? You can't make that up. You can't. You really can't. Everything is in fact bigger and more bodacious and wild in Texas. In Texas. Yeah. Apparently. So when Bobby brought the report to Gail and Julie, the women were stunned. Steve and Lori Wells had also been very close friends with the Knights and the bridges until they drifted apart. Oh, damn. So because, so Chuck was having an affair with Lori. So like all these people who are friends, like these couple friends are all just allegedly are all having an affair with one or other people.


Wow. Adorable. Super. Yeah. So after months of court appointments and back and forth with the lawyers, all three women ended up getting divorced from their husbands, which I would say is good. Probably great for everybody involved. Great for everybody. But that's how Gail Bridges found herself in the employee of David Harris. And it wasn't until six or seven months later when Clara hired Blue Moon to follow her husband, that the lives of all these people then became pretty tenuously connected. And only through all of their connections to the Blue Moon private investigation firm, which like, damn, these people got business. Yeah. Seriously. But when Clara first met with Bobby to hire Blue Moon Investigations firm a few days before David was ultimately killed, Bobby didn't recognize Gail or Julie's names and assigned the case to one of her part-time investigators.


It was only after the murder that she made the connections. And then by, at that point, the media had also made the connections and started playing up all these crazy aspects of the story. So that's how it got as big as it did. Like really like inflamed. Yes. Now, by the time she went on trial in late January, 2003, Clara Harris had become a household name across the US because of all this. Yeah. Her story of a suburban sex scandal. And a woman driven to murder had for some reason resonated with a certain segment of the population. Ah, I can't imagine this story resonating. I I'm so sad that it resonated. I know. You know, like, that's just like damn. Yeah.


Like can you imagine No. Like no. If this is the story that you're like, been there, sister. No. Like that's hard. No. Not been there Sister honey. No. So while the tabloids focused on the sensational aspects of the story, like the sex lives of everybody involved, or you know, tangentially involved. Yeah. Others speculated on the motive or just simply gave their uninformed opinions on the matter. Yeah. Which is literally what we're doing. Yeah. That's exactly what we're doing. It's just what I'm, we're speaking from a points of total not knowing what this feels like. Yeah. Uninformed. You know, according to Skip Hollinsworth local radio talk shows were jammed with caller saying that Clara should not be severely punished for what she had done.


Reasoning that she never would've committed murder had her husband not cheated on her. Okay. Here's the thing. Like, go off, here's the thing. No, no. Because those two, two things can be true at once. Yeah. Would she have committed murder if this didn't happen? Probably not. I don't, I don't think so. Probably not. But that doesn't mean that she shouldn't be punished, but that doesn't mean she shouldn't ha that she should have done it. Like, or that she's somehow like just relieved of all, you know, guilt for having done it. 'cause then that would mean that every single woman who's ever been cheated on Yeah. Can run their husband over with their car or that's pretty fucking lawless. Or that anytime someone commits murder in like a crime of passion or something like that, you're like, they just get away with it.


You're like, would they have committed murder if like this hadn't to happened? Probably not. Right. So I guess we won't punish them for it because Whoops. That's a slippery slope. A slippery slope. That's the thing. Yeah. And I get it. Emotions are high. People who probably have cheating spouses are sitting there being like, yeah, hit hit it with your, like, let it let it all happen. But it's like, you really have to take it down about a hundred notches. Yes. And take yourself totally out of the emotions of it and say, yeah, I get that you are upset. I get that sucks. I get that. You can sit there and be like, I wanna run him over with my car. Totally. Like saying that as like a, I'm frustrated. Hyperbole. Hyperbole. That's the the key here.


Yeah. And it's like, in the words of Zach from the valley is hyperbole dead everybody. There you go. They, Elena doesn't watch, I don't watch the valley, so I don't know, but I'll trust you. And, but that's, and it's like you, nobody's taking this as like a human thing. No. That like Yes. Shitty thing. Shitty things like leading up to this. For sure. Totally. She had every right to be angry. She had every reason to lash out at times. Yeah. And get upset and act, you know, like a little foolishly at times. Like, you can even put that aside a little bit. You cannot excuse murdering someone because they were terrible to you. Even like, You know what I mean? Like, like that they hurt your feelings.


No. And that they betrayed you. Even you can't justify it slippery because that's a slippery ass slope. Slope. Because like, everybody takes betrayal a different way. And you can't just blanketly say, well, he did this shitty thing, so he deserved it. Yeah. You can't do that. We would have a reckless nation. It would be a lawless nation. It's like, you can't do that. Yeah. So it's like, we gotta take it back to being rational humans here and rational adults and say, yeah, you have every right to be pissed. You can't do that. You don't have a rear Right to hit someone with a vehicle. He, he shouldn't have lost his life. No. Should he have been, you know, should he have had some of his money spent on her behalf? Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Even the, even the DA says that later.


Yeah. Should he have had to like, you know, he should He have had to hear it from her. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Should he have had to repair his relationships with everyone around him? Hundred percent had to go through the hardship of that. Absolutely. And he should have bend over backwards for it. Yep. But he shouldn't have been murdered. No. It's just not. No, it's, it's pretty black and white to me. I agree. I, I agree wholeheartedly.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. If you listen to this show, you know all about the stigma that surrounds men's mental health. A lot of times the people that we talk about, the men we talk about in these stories, never went and got help because there was such a stigma around it. And men today even face immense pressure to perform, to provide, and to keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year. And it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world right now, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. A great place to start is with BetterHelp. I've benefited massively from therapy. I suggest it to everybody. And at BetterHelp they have over 35,000 therapists. They're the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally as the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash morbid. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/morbid.


Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop, because you earn cash back at over 3,500 stores. Fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining, concert tickets and more. Your favorite stores like Lowe's, Levi's and Nike Pay Rakuten to send them shoppers. And Rakuten then passes on a part of that payment to its members as cash back. You're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? It's a no brainer. Membership is free and easy to sign up. Get the racket in app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily. See racket in.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


Well, the sympathy that many people seem to have for Clara wasn't just lost on the press once the trial opened. A lot of outlets reported on the fact that her high price defense attorneys were paid for, at least in part by David's parents. Wow. Which is, these are big people. It's, wow, this was very shocking to me, this piece. But I was like, I think these are good people. Like, I can't imagine like the parents. Yeah. Just, yeah. So throughout the trial, it was actually, actually common to see David's parents escort Clara, their daughter-in-law, in and out of court each day and sit behind her in a show of support. Wow. In their statement to the press, the Harris has said as a good Christian family, they had forgiven their daughter-in-law and hoped she would remain free to raise the, the young twin boys that she had shared with her husband.


Those are, wow. I'm just, I'm like bigger people than me. I'm stunned by that, that this is a shocking case. I would say that is one of the most shocking cases. That's honestly very shocking. Imagine. I cannot imagine. I can imagine even comment on that. 'cause I don't even That's shocking. It's it's a whole other level. Yeah. That's a whole different thing. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Wow. That's like shocking. Yeah. I can't say that I would feel the same. Yeah. But like, I don't think I could get to that place. I really give them a lot of credit because that's a whole other level of forgiveness. Yeah. That I have never found in my heart. Yeah. I don't think I will ever find that nor but wild and lucky fucking Clara. Yeah.


Can you like how you face your mother-in-law after running down her child? Yeah. That's, wow. Well, for her part, Clara did seem to be remorseful for what she had done as her lawyer. George Parnam said in a 2002 interview, it was rare to find Clara not weeping. And Clara was having, was still having difficulty believing that David would never again walk through the front door of their home. Because again, I think she blinked out. Man, I really do. I don't think she was with it. How did that happen? I think, I definitely think she feels regret. Yeah. But I still think she Yeah. Needed to be punished. Yeah. Prior to the Harris murder and prior to Clara's trial, George Parnam had actually gained national notoriety as the defense attorney for Andrea Yates.


And for anybody that doesn't know Andrea Yates, she was a Houston mother who drowned her five children in 2001. I'm not gonna say it. No words. And just so you know, we will, we'll literally never cover that case. Yeah. And you don't wanna hear us cover that case. Yeah. You don't want hear my opinion. So, but that notoriety brought even more attention to an already heavily watched story. Yeah. The fact that this guy's the same guy who rued Andrea Yates. Oh yeah. I would say so. That's a whole, damn. Yeah. We're not talking about that. Yeah. That's a horrible case. But when the trial finally did get started, Parnum laid out the defense in his opening statement when he, when she learned of her husband's affair with Gail Bridges. He said Clara was deeply hurt, but willing to work on their marriage, provided David and his relationship, which he did agree to do.


But when Clara learned that contrary to what they had agreed upon, David had checked into the Nassau Bay Hilton with Gail Clara, quote, acted in the heat of anger and betrayal, which I do think is what happened. I think that's, I think that's correct. Like, you know, at the very base level Yeah. Of what it is. I think you're stating facts for sure. Yep. Once she comes, that's a little more nuanced than that. And I would say that's yes. Yes. Which is true, but it's, it's a little more nuanced. That's the perfect way to say it. He said, once she came out of her rage induced fogged and realized what she had done, she was immediately re remorseful. And she cradled David's head in her hands and insisted that he begin breathing. She was, according to Parnam, desperate to quote, keep her family together, to bring her husband of 10 years back to her, which she had tried to do through cosmetic surgery and other beauty products.


That is just so sad. It's tragic. It really is. Unlike the outcome in the Yates case, parms defense of Clara stood a fairly good chance of success with the jury, though, which was composed of nine women and three men. Which I was like, damn, where was the selection there? Right. Nine women and three men. Damn. That's a, that's a for real jury of your peers. Yeah, it is. During jury selection, one potential juror said, any married woman can relate to Clara Harris. Ah, married woman here. Nope. I'm gonna go on the record and say no married woman. Nope. Can't, can't say that. I do. Two married women right here do not relate to Clara Harris. Another juror was a potential juror, was dismissed when she said, she quote, nicked her husband with a truck after discovering him with a mistress years ago.


Some of these things are inside thoughts that I think Texas is crazy. Some of these things are, go to the grave with I confident in saying Texas is a wild place. It's a wild place because like, and like even I, I feel confident saying that because even Texans say that. Yes. Like, and this story is just such a prime example of Texas being a wild place. Just the fact that this just opened up women just being like, oh, don't worry. I too hit my husband's mistress with my car. Like, it's just like, whoa, everybody, this is not like everybody admit, I don't think in Boston you, well, You know what? Nevermind. I'm not even gonna, I don't know man. I don't know. I don't know. But strangely, holy shit, I was was just saying like, she's so lucky that there are so many women on the jury.


But even the men in the jury pool seemed to open to her defense. One man said he had been accused of assault when he discovered his wife's infidelity. So he understood the impulse. He said, here's the thing. I think they are correct in what they're saying. Some of them like be being like, I understand the, that you got out of yourself. I can like, I think they're almost looking at it like we are, where we're like, I understand the emotion behind it. Yes. That's driving you to this like, place of just no return. Yeah. But I'm not understanding the act and I'm not understanding pull not pulling yourself back from that point of no return. Hopefully. Yeah. But you can look at it and go, okay, I get that you are upset. I get it.


Like you had every right to be upset. Some of them are sister, I've been there. It's the ones that are like, I too have nicked my husband with the car. And it's like, whoa, okay. We're not in the same boat, boat here. We didn't give that enough attention. Didn't to say you nicked s nicked him, nicked your husband with your car. It's a little, it's crazy. Just gave 'em a little boop. Like that's all. You can't nick someone with your car. You either hit them or you don't. It's a motor vehicle. Like, and that's a human body. Like that's, you don't nick someone, you nick someone with like some tweezers or like a Yeah. Some trimmers. No, it's your toenail cutters. And that's where the, that's where my issue is lying is like we're getting, they're getting outside of the real point here of like, of like the emotions and the, the betrayal and, and all that is not coming into question uhuh.


It's the act that followed it. It's like you can, it's just the same thing. You can get upset, you can feel betrayed, you can scream, you can yell, you can act a little out of yourself. I get it. Like I would, I, I can't imagine. Yeah. I, I'm not gonna sit here and say I would be in total control. No, no, no. Of my emotions and myself. No. I'm barely in control of my emotions on a good day when I'm happy. I'm barely in control of it. So it's like I, I get that and it's like, but you just, there's no excuse and if for running someone over three times in your car with their child in the car, yeah. There's just no excuse for that. And to sit there and give the like Well, yeah. Like, you know, like I beat the shit outta my wife's, you know, side piece there.


Right. And I caught a case for it, so I get it. And it's like one that's, you shouldn't do that. And two, that's a little different. It's a little different. Jury s someone over in the car three times with the child in the car. Jury selection for this case sounded buck wild. I think people were just like, it sounds like people were just kind of, they found a lot of people who could relate to this, which is really sad. Yeah. We all need to to be better to our loved ones. Well almost to sum it all up in one statement, one of the trial watchers told a reporter, there's the rule of law and then there's the rule of law in Texas, the rule of law in Texas, kind of cowboy law. It's a fine line between sanity and madness.


I think that encompasses Is that from the movie? No, I think that encompasses this entire fucking case. It literally does. There is the rule of law and then there's the rule of law in Texas. I skip hollinsworth covers so many cases in Texas and whenever I do cover a case in Texas, he's usually a source I'll use. Yeah. And all of those cases that he has reported on throughout the years and all of the cases that we have covered in morbid throughout the years, the Texas ones are among the motherfuck, craziest stories I've ever read in my life. Yeah. Texas is just like, and they even say it cowboy like that cowboy, this is a man cowboy from Texas Cowboy law. It's cowboy law. And I think that's the thing. I think they're just more willing to say that.


Like they're in front about it. Yeah. We all felt like we wanted to run someone over in a car. She just did it. And it's like, yeah, okay. I don't maybe keep that stuff inside. Like, I don't, that's a lot like there, there's just so many people openly being like, yeah, I get it. It's like, ah. Like please be specific. Tell me you get the emotion. Yeah. You gotta it. But no one's saying that. Everyone's just saying, I get it girl. You gotta be specific. And it's like, no, we don't get it. We can't get that. Well we can't get murdering someone 'cause you're mad the prosecution didn't I? That's a good thing. Good news. Yeah. However, sympathetic Clara Harris looked to the jury and anybody even watching the trial, the prosecution flatly rejected the sudden passion defense and instead pointed to the evidence which they believed would show the murder to be at least deliberate, if not entirely planned.


I mean, I don't think personally, I don't think this was planned. Doesn't feel, I think it was deliberate. Yeah. I think it was 100% deliberate. I think she had a moment where she said, I'm gonna run him the fuck over with my car and then followed through on it. Don think, I also think that, don't think she thought, I don't think she woke up that morning and thought that, I don't think that either. Yeah. That, that's just my feeling as a person looking at this case completely from the outside. I didn't hearing it. It she woke up that morning in a really bad emotional state that only got worse throughout the day. Yeah, I think so too. And I think she made a poor decision with going out to look for Yeah. Them with, because I think in that emotional state, there should have been a little self-regulation here to say, I am in a highly emotional state about this.


I feel some type of way I should not go out looking because also what, I shouldn't go doing this. Like, I don't, I don't know that she had a plan when she did ultimately find them, but you're sitting like, you're gonna find them at some point. Yeah. You're hunting them down's. So what's the thing? So what's the plan from there thing? And Lindsay never, ever, ever should've been invited to go along for this. That's really my huge sticking, sticking point here. Obviously the murder and the entire thing, having Lindsay involved in any way, shape or form should never, ever, ever have happened. Yeah. No, it should not. And that honestly should have been the like come down to earth moment of like Lindsay being around as being like, okay, self-regulate. Yeah.


Like I have someone that should have been your thing. And it's, and it is a little, that was scary that like, that didn't regulate her. Well, Lindsay ended up testifying And I do think that helped bring people down to earth in on the jury away from like the emotional Yes. Impact of everything. And you know, relating to hating your husband. Yeah. Well, on the first day of the trial, the prosecution called, like I just said, Lindsay Harris to testify against her stepmother. Lindsay explained that they had gone out looking for her father and Gail that afternoon. And how once she learned where they were, Clara seemed determined to kill David. Lindsay told the jury, she said she would kill my father for what he'd done to her. Now again, don't see, who knows if that's like a hyperbolic, like, I think we've all said, I'm gonna kill all my God, I'm gonna kill him.


Like, oh my God. But don't say that to a kid. But don't say that to a kid. You should never say that. I don't care how old that kid is. No. 16 years old is still a kid. And it's like, you don't say that about their father and you ended up killing him later that day. So that's not, yeah. So that's not great. That's not great that you said that makes it seem like you had a plan here, which I, you know, maybe she did. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. But in his opening statement, George Parham had, you know, tried to frame the murder as something akin to an accident. Clara hadn't gone into the hotel in order to kill anyone. But after the brawl in the lobby, she was in a highly aroused emotional state and acted without thinking. And he challenged the prosecution's claim that Clara had driven over her husband multiple times, telling the jury that she only hit him once, despite his best efforts to frame Clara at a sympathetic light as a woman who had made a terrible mistake.


The evidence and the testimony of those present at the hotel when David David Harris was killed was all of those people were telling a very different story. It's, I go back to the cackling. The cackling, and she absolutely ran over him more than one time. There's video evidence of it. Yeah.


Inspired by the Hit Wondery podcast. Against the odds comes the gripping guidebook, how to survive against the Odds, tales and Tips for animal attacks and natural disasters. This might just be the most important book you'll ever read. Go Inside Life or Death Situations where everyday people survived Nature's most extreme scenarios. And learn how you can too. In these tales, you'll hear about the grit, willpower and know-how needed to endure shipwrecks, alligator attacks, earthquakes and more. You'll learn from experts, including top doctors about what happens to your body and mind in life-threatening situations plus important tips on what to do and equally important, what not to do when faced with a situation that is truly against the odds. Go to www.survivalguidebook.com to get your copy of how to Survive Against the Odds Today or Visit your favorite bookstore.


Lindsay testified she was on a mission to find out where he was. She was determined. They had tricked her, they had hidden from her, and she was upset by that. And once she found David and Gail, she waited to make her move. In her testimony, Lindsay told the jury that her father was really scared when he saw Clara's car barreling toward him. She said, I know he was trying to get away and he couldn't. Oh, that's awful. And this is, this will make you cry. She described what it was like when she felt the bumps and knew that Clara had driven over her father again and again and then put the rec the car in reverse and hit him a third time. Holy shit. Like that's, you see, that's where like, it's like the salacious of everything.


Everybody's like, oh my God, yeah, I get it. Blah, blah, blah. It's, and then you go at the center of this case down to the real shit. In this case it's this like 16-year-old girl. Disgusting. It's a 16-year-old girl who was brought along to run over her father and now has to probably relive that at least every other day of her life. Yeah. Like that is trauma that you will never unpack. Never. And she never asked for that to happen to her. No. And she, by, there's not one person among us that could say that. That would not affect them. No. Deeply. No. And I can't even, even, and that's where like, that's like a whole other, like Clara killed somebody and then she, the emotional trauma that she inflicted on Lindsay.


Yeah. I almost wish there was a charge for that. Yeah. Honestly. But she seemed to feel remorse, I guess as she listened to Lindsay's testimony, her loud sobbing filled the courtroom to the point where she was repeatedly reprimanded by the judge who eventually told her either you'll sit here in a com composed manner, or you will be removed from the courtroom. And I don't blame her. Which it's like, quiet down. Yeah. It's like, get it together. This isn't your moment. Lose your shit. Let tell her story this. Exactly. This is her moment to tell her story. Yeah. Now, from the outset of the trial, there was never a plan for Clara to testify on her own behalf. Oh. But about a week in, she stunned everyone when she insisted that she did want to testify in her own defense, despite her lawyer's own objections.


On the day of her testimony, George Parham was already in a tremendous amount of stress, which was exacerbated by the fact that he also had terrible flu at that time. Oh, no. Flu symptoms, not withstanding, he did do his best to proceed as normal. When he called Clara to the stand in her testimony, Clara said, of her relationship with David. We were best friends. We were very much in love. According to her. She and her husband had been incredibly close, romantically and professionally all until Gail came along. And her testimony heard early in the trial, Gail had explained that David told her he and Clara had an open marriage, which was the only reason she started to see him to begin with.


I will literally never give any ounce of credence to that. That's what every side chick has told. And you can't believe it. Yeah. You just can't. And honestly, If you're not having any, like, I don't know if you're, it's so easy for someone to say that if you're in an open marriage, let your wife confirm it. Exactly. That's what you need to say to somebody, to a man or a woman who tells you that they are in an open relationship or an open marriage. You want confirmation directly from their partner. Yeah. Because how anybody can say that. Anybody can say that and you just take it at face value. Exactly. And nine out of 10 times, it's not the truth. And also, here's where like my, I'm like, Hmm.


I call bullshit on that because it's like she could tell that everybody in that office was uncomfortable. Exactly. And was probably sitting there and being like, oh, like what's going on here? If they were in an open marriage, then nobody would be batting an eye. Exactly. Because he could do whatever he wanted. And it's like, and also, why are they sneaking around if he's in an open marriage? Well, that's the thing. Did you act like that when Clara came into the office? That's the thing. It's like, sounds like you were sneaking around. Yeah. So it's like if you're in an open marriage, I would assume you don't have to do that. And supposedly who knows exactly what happened that day, but supposedly when Clara went in and fired her, she accused Gail of having the relationship, Gale, and she denied it. Ga supposedly denied it, if that's what it in fact happened. So it's like, why wouldn't you just sit there and say, I'm so sorry. I thought you were in an open marriage.


He lied to both of us. Exactly. That's when you like sisters unite right there. Exactly. That's when you, I don't think that's become a girl's girl. And you say, holy shit. I don't think he told her that. No. And even if he did, I think she was naive to believe that. I think so too. That statement grew an incredible amount of sarcastic criticism from Clara, who also rejected it entirely. As for the murder itself, though, Clara explained, I was extremely upset. He was holding Gail's hand the way he used to hold my hand when I was special to him. By the time she was in the car and pulling outta the parking space space, she described herself as being in a fog, like in a dream. She claimed that she had a blackout and she wasn't in control. She said all of this happened in a fraction of a second. I didn't have time to think the court broke for lunch, just after she walked through the events of her husband's murder.


And just as George Parham stepped outside of the courtroom to get some air, he collapsed in the hallway and passed out, lying on the floor for about 20 minutes before he ended up being removed by paramedics. Holy shit. The press immediately keyed in on that fact, on the fact that just prior to Parham passing out, Clara had more or less confessed to murder. And people were like, Hey, maybe those two events are linked. The fact that his client just confessed to murder on the stand when he never wanted her to testify at all, and then he just passed out. Yeah. Yeah. So that made the case even more sensational, If you can imagine. Yeah. The judge was not very sympathetic, though, and considered it to be one more unprofessional stunt in a series of attention grabbing moments in this case.


Yeah. Which I don't blame her. I don't blame. I'd be fucking pissed if that's how my courtroom was going down. Yeah. I'd be like, come on guys. Now listen to this. On February 13th, 2003, just one day before, what would've been Clara and David's 11th wedding anniversary, the jury retired for deliberation. Wow. How does that even happen? How does that happen? How does that even happen? That's wild. In her closing statement, assistant district attorney Mia Magnus, focused entirely on the evidence of the case and the rule of the law. She told the jury, if the man is cheating on you, this is exactly what we're saying. You do what every other woman in this country does.


You take him to the cleaners. Exactly. You don't kill him. Yes. It's just, that's just the, that's just life, man. Yeah. You know, George Parham meanwhile continued his attempt to frame the murder as a crime of passion. He described Gail Bridges as a homewrecker who enticed and seduced David into a relationship that should never have happened. And he argued that if Clara had intended to kill her husband that night, why would she have brought along his daughter knowing what she would do to traumatize the girl for the rest of her life? And you would hope That's the truth. Yeah. That if that, that was a plan that she wouldn't have brought Lindsay. And that's the thing. Maybe there's no malice of forethought there. Yeah. But, and he died well, and her saying like, you know, I was Out of Control of myself.


And like, well, it's like, yeah, okay. But as human beings and as adults, we have to maintain control. You have to become in control. It's just not an excuse to get Out of Control. Like it just isn't. No. That's just the way we run things here. Like you can't, that's, that's a, it's the way of the law. I'm sure that happened, but that's on you, man, that you didn't get into control. Right. Especially with that kid in the car. Right. Like there's just black and white there. You just can't get away from that. Yeah. So the next day, the jury returned their verdict the day that would've been her 11th wedding anniversary. Wow. That, which is just the irony there is not lost on anyone that is darkly poetic. Yeah.


They found Clara Harris guilty of the murder of her husband. Later that day, during the sentencing phase, Clara was asked if she had anything to say, and she turned to her stepdaughter Lindsay, and said, I'm sorry, Lindsay. I'm sorry, baby. Which it's like, that's sad. You gotta say a whole lot more than that. Like, that's not gonna do it. That's never gonna, yeah. Yeah. At the same time, the jury had the option of accepting the sudden passion defense, which carried a sentence of two to 20 years, or a second degree murder sentence, which was up to 99 years. Whoa. Because the case didn't meet the special circumstances threshold. The death penalty was not on the table before the sentence could be passed. The judge had to stop the proceedings on account of Clara hysterically sobbing, which made it completely impossible for anyone in the courtroom to hear anything.


Which once again, you have to get it together. Yeah. She has no control over myself. Yeah. You are not in control right now when it's showing. The judge warned her, be quiet. I'm gonna give you one more chance. Don't blow it. Or you will be out of this courtroom. Damn. And this time her attorney, George Parham stood up for his client saying she just got convicted of murder. I mean, yeah. But it's like, but it's still a court courtroom. You did that murder. Yeah. And again, as an adult, you literally need to find some goddamn way to control yourself. That's the, and also like the, the whole thing is like you have been Out of Control, highly emotional and Out of Control this entire time. It's not like you just fell apart, like you've been screaming and sobbing the whole time.


Like, you can't do that. Yeah. You just can't. And it's not really helping your case at all. No, it's really not. Once the courtroom was finally back in order, the judge read the sentence that was handed down from the jury 20 years in prison with a minimum of 10 served before becoming eligible for parole, which I would say is a pretty sweet fucking deal. That's a pretty sweet, after running your husband over with your car multiple times. Yeah. I would say so. In her statement to the press, the assistant district attorney said that she was pleased with the outcome. She said, after hearing all the evidence, this jury recognized the case for what it was, and that it is the senseless taking of a human life. Their verdict recognized Mrs. Harris' conduct, and they didn't excuse it. I was overwhelmed with just how tragic the whole thing was, and that it seemed to me the victim was getting lost in the process, which it, I think this case was so heavily sensationalized.


Yeah. And I'm sure the, the people who could relate to Clara had some kind of hatred in their heart for David. So he did. Yeah. Very much get lost in this process. I can see that for sure. And he made a bad choice by stepping out on his wife and a bad choice. Yeah, A choice. Made a choice of bad choices by stepping out on his family and not ending the relationship. But he was also a human being. He was also a father. And you can't just kill people because they hurt your feelings. 'cause they hurt your feelings. And that that really does come down to that. And no matter how much they hurt your feelings, his life should have been a little more precious than that. Yeah. It was, it, yeah. It's just not, the punishment for cheating is not deaths. It just isn't.


No, I know. It feels like when you're on the other side of it, that maybe that's, that feels like it should be the punishment, but it's just not. But the reality of the situation is it's not. It's just not. Yeah. So a year after the sentence was passed, Clara did appeal the verdict to the Court of Appeals for the First District of Texas on the grounds that, among other things, the judge didn't allow the inclusion of two videotapes showing the murder and the fact that the judge refused to impeach a witness who they thought lied on the stand. But on all points, the appeals court sided with the trial judge finding it was reasonable to defer to experts in excluding the tapes and deferring to the judge's judgment when it came to witness testimony. In their conclusion, they said, we note that even if the appin were correct in her interpretation of the law, she could not show harm.


Therefore, the order of the argument did not disadvantage Appin in meeting her burden. So they said, stay in jail. Stay in jail. Stay in jail. In 2018, in May of 2018, after serving 15 years of her 20 year sentence, Clara Harris was released on parole in the year since her release, she has completed the terms of her probation and has concluded her obligation to the state. She's now a free woman. Wow. And hopefully doesn't drive around often. Yeah. And maintains her control. Yeah. I mean, she hasn't popped up in the news again, so that's good. So there's that. Yeah. But it, I just, what a devastating tale.


Truly. Yeah. I feel the most for Lindsay. Yeah. And then their other two children who not only lost their father, but then lost their mother for 15 years. That's the thing. Like they grew up without two parents. Yeah, they absolutely did. And that's awful. No matter if she regretted it or not. Yeah. Like everyone loses everyone. In this scenario, everyone lost, Clara lost. She lost her freedom, which she should have. And for the time being, Lindsay lost her dad. Yep. And a stepmom who she actually really liked up until that point. And those twins lost their parents, the twins. Both their parents. Both their parents. And the Harris has lost their son. Yeah. And somehow stood by Clara. Yeah. Which I just really commended them for that. That's That's big people.


Yeah. Like that's what a devastating case. That's just everyone just so layered. Everyone just lost. And it's very interesting to see how everybody had their own 2 cents, you know? Yeah. Even us. Even us. You know, we've always got our own 2 cents. We've Always got our Own. 2 cents, 4 cents right here. Yep. That's right. Well, with that being said, we definitely hope you keep listening. Yeah. And We hope you keep it weird. And tell us your 2 cents. Yeah. I wanna know what you think.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristin Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I have Nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively and ad free on Wondery Plus.