
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava Hands down The. best thing I found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics. In other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. If, you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut, acai, Coconut. acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours. And two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Welcome to Scam Town. It's a place where the true crime is stranger than fiction, and the stories are filled with quirks and moral ambiguity from James Lee Hernandez and Brian lte. The filmmakers behind MCM Millions and the big con scam town takes you through stories ranging from the strange to the unbelievable wild scams. Surprising heists, forbidden love, and massive explosions are just a little taste of what's in store. Scam Town is an Apple original podcast produced by Fun meter. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is more bad. Ah, That's crazy. I wanted to to end that intro on a bang. You did? On bang bang, pow Crash. Boom. I couldn't think of another thing. That's wild. Yeah. I wish you guys had seen her face. She literally went, she like pursed her lips and like raised her eyebrows like a bar. I pow.


I was like, bang, pow. Crash. Hello. Boom. That's all. That's all I got. I'm still laughing at the, the Diet Coke decoration on my side of the shelf. It's not mine. I can, I know for 100% certainty that I didn't put that there. There is. We like, you know, we, we did a big clean sweep of the pod lab and we just like wanted to clear out all the yuckiness and anything that needed to get, we needed to get rid of. We salted the rugs. Like we said, we were gonna, we organized the bookshelves and somehow And I don't drink diet. I know it's not you. I'm sorry, Mikey. I think it's you. It's not me. We, because didn't do that. Call 'em out 2024. I have all And I.


Only drink seltzer Water. No, you drink Diet Coke and, and apparently when you're finished with it, you decorate my nice beautiful sound bath candle. Sage Palo Santo Shelf with another sacred thing. Yeah. Diet Coke I mean I'm gonna leave it there. I love that. Yeah. Is who I am. That shelf. That is who you're That is who I am. Candles. That's Paulo Santo. Yeah. My passion. The Sound Bowl. Big whole thing of black obsidian. More candles and an empty bottle of Diet Coke. See, Mikey was just trying to make it more you. Yeah. That's all you. You really, you, you jazzed up the shelf succeeded.


I appreciate you. I love it. I'm looking at, like, yesterday I was like, oh, I gotta throw that out today. I'm looking at it, I'm like, no. Like, no, I'm gonna leave that there. That's not trash. Maybe she guild it. What is, how do you guild it? And gold in gold? Yeah. No. You know, make it fancy. She's already, she's good as gold as Sheena Shea would say. She's already doesn't even have her cap. Wow. So someday she'll evaporate into this air. There you go. Or maybe not. 'cause she's probably just toxic. Probably. Aren't we all? It's really, it is. Me and Elena went to a bar class this morning together and it was fucking crazy. Yeah. I have never felt so both dead, alive and heaving in my life.


I'm not joking you. I actually did think I was gonna throw up on the home. Really? A little bit. Wow. I did not, this was, this is one I've been going to. 'cause I tried to get into my, into my fitness routine recently fitness. So I've been going early. And then Ash came for the first time today and it happened to be like a little more of an intense class. It wasn't like crazy. More intense. Shut your mouth, a little more shut. Mouth wast. Crazy intense. That shit rocked him world. It was more than normal, I will say that. No, it definitely was. Yeah. It was fun though. Yeah. I would do it again. I will, you know, working on your fitness, that's all you can do. That's all you can do. All you can do is decorate your shelf the way that you see fit and work on your fitness.


Exactly. All right. Well, and tell us a scary story. And I can tell you. Yeah. This is a scary story judging by the title of this one. It's, it's got some stuff. Yeah. If somehow you are here and you didn't see the title. This is the story of Winnie Ruth Judd the trunk Murderous. Yeah. Us. That alone is really, is really it. It sucked me in. Yeah. So Winnie Ruth Judd is in fact the Trunk Murderess. But before that she was just win Winnie Ruth Kinnel. Yeah, Kinnel. She went by Ruth most of her life. So instead of calling her Winnie, we're gonna be calling her Ruth throughout the story. Okay. So she was born January 29th, 1905 in Oxford, Indiana.


Her early life was pretty difficult right from the start. After she was born, like not too long, even after she was born, she ended up getting pneumonia, like as a newborn. Oh. And when she was four, she contracted tuberculosis, which obviously affected her throughout pretty much the rest of her life. Yeah. You don't just shake that one off. No, she's a sickly child. And then obviously kind of just traveled into adulthood like that. There's really not a lot of documentation related to her life before she got arrested. But she herself did claim that her early years were pretty happy ones. Like even though she was sick a lot, she was still happy. That's good. In a letter written to her attorney in 1952, she said, my brother was 19 months younger than me and we were very, very affectionate toward each other.


My father was one of the most kindly and godly souls. Wow. He believed that everyone had some good in him. He addressed everyone as my good man and my good woman. The world would seem brighter just to talk to him. That's really sweet. I want someone to say that about me. I will someday. Thanks. The world seems brighter just to talk to her. That's really nice. It is. I just also love how people spoke back then. That's the thing. Like it's, it's like poetic. It's so much, it's like people just spoke on such a deeper level about the people that they loved. Like, 'cause at first I was like, her and her brother were really affectionate toward each other. Like, is that weird? But it's like, no, they were just like affectionate. Yeah. Like they just like loved each other. Yeah. Like, that's the thing. It's like we look at it from a lens of now where we're like, what the fuck does that mean?


We're jaded as fuck? And it's like, no, they just talked. They just talked different. Yeah. They like, they, they they, they explain different things in like more flowery prose and it's, yes, it's nice. I like it. And to us it's a little jarring sometimes. We're like, what do you mean by that? Right. But they really just mean like, I love them, I assume. Yeah. That's what they mean. Im hoping I couldn't find anything to contrary. I was like, I was, I'm hoping I'm not. I took my jaded cap off for a second. I'm like, should I put it back on? Wait a second. Do I mean this? Wait a minute. Yeah. I don't think you do for, for this particular segment. Okay. Ruth spoke similarly of her mother, who she described as a kindly Christian woman. A bit timid, but a hardworking person. Always be willing to make a sacrifice for her family and others who needed her services and sickness.


Hmm. So it seems like they're a pretty normal family. Yeah. It seems pretty lovely. Were pretty loving, you know? Yeah. So, yeah, it seems like her home life was happy. It was positive, but other areas of her life were a bit less ordinary. She said that when she started going to school, she really realized pretty quickly that she didn't fit in with the other kids. She was brought up in a really rigid religious household. So she had never gone to Carnival. She had never gone to like a baseball game, a sports event, couldn't go to movies. Oh geez. She really couldn't participate in any of the social activities that kids her age would've been engaging in. At that point she wrote, my mother did not think these things were wrong, but our church did not approve of it.


So it wasn't so much like the parent. Like I think at home things were a little more loose, happy and positive. But the parents like lived by the church's teachings and said like, well, we won't go to movies and we won't enjoy those things. But like, it, it wasn't like sit down and read the Bible and play. Yeah. It's for hours. It's, we have a loving home. but it's, it doesn't sound like it's a fun home. Yeah. No, I don't think there was a lot of room for fun. And that limited socialization and lack of experience without, with really anything outside of her religious world. It would go on to play an important role in her adult life. Especially when it related to her romantic relationships. Oh, okay. 'cause sometimes when it's like overly rigid Yeah. Your romantic relationships get a little weird.


Yeah. It's other things get a little weird. A little. Yeah. It's gotta leak out somewhere, you know? So in 1924, when she was 19 years old, Ruth married William Judd, a doctor in World War I veteran with, he was more than 20 years her senior. So a little bit old. Alright. Alright. Having grown up in a loving household, Ruth had a lot of ideas about what marriage should be, but she quickly learned life as Mrs. William Judd was not gonna be anything like her parents' happy marriage author, Jana, I think it's Bombers, Bach. She wrote the Trunk. Murderess said, forget the image of a nice family doctor who settled in a community supplying his wife with a home and respectability.


Okay. Unfortunately, that's not what was gonna happen at all. Oof. Judd was addicted to morphine, which may have actually been the result of injuries that he sustained during the war. But because his addiction was so strong, he struggled to find and to keep steady work. Mm. After their wedding in 1924, they packed up everything they owned and decided to move to Mexico. Where William started working for an American mining company, which I think we talked about mining in one of my last episodes. Yeah. It was like a I mean he was a doctor. Like, damn, he And, I think just because of his addiction, he couldn't really couldn't handle, handle, swing it anymore. Like mining was like a last stitch. Yeah. Kinda. Seriously. Like it was the last job you were really gonna go for.


But, so at first the Judd's marriage was a happy one. Like in the beginning it was, it seemed pretty all right. And Ruth was writing letters home telling her parents that she was enjoying Mexico. The people were, were so nice. She was working on learning how to speak Spanish. And that s seemed to last a few years, and Ruth eventually became pregnant. But unfortunately in 1927, her tuberculosis got worse and she had to be hospitalized for a short period. Hmm. And during that period, she lost the baby. Oh, that's sad. And she and William decided that her health was probably too poor for her to really ever carry a child. It just didn't seem like something that was gonna be likely. Yeah. So from there, things really only got worse. 'cause that's like a big blow.


Yeah. Obviously if, if you think you wanna have children, and then one day you realize like, it's probably not the best idea. Like Yeah. I can't imagine how that would feel. Yeah. That's a tough blow. Yeah. So Ruth returned to Mexico, but the humid climate of the region seemed to make her TB worse. So she was never in good health while they were there. Mm. And to make matters worse, Judd's addiction had finally caught up with him and he got fired from his mining job, which caused even more stress and really further strained their already fragile relationship o in letters home to her parents. Ruth never mentioned Judds addiction problems, never mentioned their marital troubles or really how unhappy she'd become. Instead her letters were quote, always cheery, always filled with the promise that the setbacks would be overcome.


Oh, she was very positive. Yeah. Sticking it out. And the lack of her sharing her frustrations was probably an attempt to keep her family from finding out that her husband was not really a, a successful doctor. Yeah. And she was not really content with life. But the truth was, Ruth and William hadn't been happy for quite some time by this point. And Ruth had grown really tired of making excuses and lying to her family. Yeah. So in 1930, they decided to informally separate with Ruth moving to Phoenix, Arizona, where she hoped the dry climate would help improve her tb. At the time, this was pretty risky. It's 1930, she's a woman, she has no income.


She really doesn't know anybody in the area. And she didn't have a ton of skills that were gonna help her find a job. But luckily she was able to find a job as a medical secretary at the gru, I think it's Bruno Clinic, after she lied in her interview and assured her new employer that she had experience as a typist. She did that. She did not, but she was like, I could do it. Yeah. Her lie became apparent rather quickly. They were like, I don't think you know what you're doing, but, and she just like, couldn't keep up with the pace or anything, but her boss liked her so much. Just felt like she was such a nice person that he was like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna bear with you and you'll learn this to, and we're, we're gonna stick this out. Yeah. So her position required her to work six days a week, and she was paid $75 a month, which is not a lot.


No. Like I said, the salary was small. And after paying her rent and her other expenses, she sent what was, whatever was left over to her husband. At that point, he had moved to California looking for a new job. So with little free time and essentially no money, Ruth treasured the time that she spent with her new best friends, Agnes and Leroy, who went by Ann and her roommate, Hedvig, Sammy Samuelson. They were co, Sammy was a coworker from the clinic. Ann and Sammy had been friends for a while and then all three women bonded over having moved to Arizona around the same time and trying to make it on their own with no man to support them. Yeah. So they were like, we're girly pops, we're out here, let's go.


We're new in town and we're getting it done. We're new in town. Yeah. So not long after Ann and Sammy arrived in Phoenix, William Judd joined his wife in Arizona. And for a time things were good again. William got along with Ruth's new friends and the four of them hung out a lot as a group at one another's apartments. But unfortunately, the good times didn't last really long. Judd's addiction problems were just as bad as they had been, if not worse. And his inability to find steady work meant that he was gone for a lot of the time as he was looking for work in other places. Yeah. And at the same time, things had actually started to take a downturn for Ruth's friends like Ruth.


Sammy had chosen Phoenix in the hope that the climate would improve her tuberculosis. But by late spring, her condition had gotten worse and she had to make the decision to enter a sanitarium in Portland, Oregon for treatment. I said Oregon, you heard it? Oregon. Oregon. I said it correctly, not like, not to be confused with the Oregon Trail, 'cause that's what it is. Oregon. Oregon. Oregon. Oregon. Anyway, Oregon, don't worry. Just kidding. Unable to maintain her job and support Sammy and made the decision to leave her job and travel with her friend to Oregon. So Sammy and Anne are now in Oregon for a little bit.


In August of 1931, Sammy got discharged from that sanitarium and she and Anne moved back to Phoenix. So they were all reunited again. So it was like a little, I think it was like about a year. Yeah. Like maybe like nine months to a year. Yeah. So now without jobs or income, Ruth offered to move in with them. And the three shared a small, pretty cramped apartment. They had been the best of friends for months. But there's a big difference between hanging out together when you want to and having to be together all the fucking time. Absolutely. And sharing a living space and a very small one at that. That's a very different situation. And also with stress of like having no money and a lot of things going on in your personal life. Hmm. So before long, they started having what one friend described as quote unquote petty arguments over everything.


Cool. Yay fun. Also, three girls doesn't usually work out. Yeah. In my experience, three is not the best number for friendships. Yeah. With girls specifically. I, yeah, I was gonna say that. I can speak from that point of view too. Like it's never, that's a tough one. It can work. Like, I'm not saying it never works, but, but it has the, it has the more of a tendency to go awry because one person ends up feeling left out Exactly a lot of times. And like they say, three is a crowd, three is a crowd. But fortunately in early October, Anne managed to get her job back at the clinic. And Ruth happily moved out of the apartment and found her own place just a few blocks away.


And a letter to her fiance sent in late September and wrote, Ruth is leaving us in a few days. It really hasn't worked out so well. Having the three of us, we are very fond of her and she's a sweet girl. But three just seems to be a wrong number when one is used to living by oneself and just one other very congenial one. So when William was in town, the four friends tended to socialize as a group. Like I said, they got along really well. When he was away though, the three friends, all really young, all very beautiful women were known to throw parties that were attended by large numbers of businessmen. Married and unmarried. Oh, scandal. Scandal. Scandal. That is Scandal waiting to happen. It sure is.


Journalist Don, dear Deirdre, I think it is said in this town at the time, this is my favorite quote of this entire thing. Are you guys ready? He said, I'm ready. Hanky was the name and Pinky was the game. Shut the fuck up. I will never recover it. That's an amazing quote. It's my favorite quote, I think in a case ever Hanky was the name and hanky was the game. I feel like I see some like old gum shoe, like detective with a big old cigar hanging out his mouth. Yeah. Smoking. Yeah. Standing on in like an alleyway with like a one beam of light coming down from a From a, A streetlight. Yes. And this fog rolling through.


Yes. and he says, hanky was the game. What was it? Hanky was Hanky was the name, and hanky was the game. Wow. It's my favorite thing ever. Wow. I love it. Wow. I love that a lot. I love it so much. So among the more popular and more like regular of their party guests, was Jack happy? Jack Hollerin? Aw, they called him Happy Jack. Happy Jack. Oh, I saw a face there. He might have been a douche. I don't really know. Oh no. Yeah, he was a Phoenix area businessman. He was in his forties. He lavished the three friends with gifts. He was just like, you know, happy Jack just giving you gifts, showing up at your party. So he's like, happy time Jack.


Yes. Kinda kind thing more like that. Because in addition to being what one friend described as a quote about as prominent of a man as you'd find in Phoenix in those days, he was also married and a father of three children. But that rarely stopped him from spending his nights in the company of other women. Like aside from his wife. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of got that idea. Yeah. So unknown to Sammy and William Ruth had actually met Happy Jack in early January and they had been carrying on a clandestine affair since then. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Things escalated quickly. Yeah. Apparently. Yeah.


Oh my God. So many responsibilities every single day. Just juggling them. Work, finances, schedules. Some of you people even have kids and that's crazy. I have always tried to manage my stress in like the best way that I can. I love to have like a little me time. I love a self-care routine. And one of the things that I've just implemented into my self-care routine is ritual stress relief. Start your morning with ritual stress relief. This product uses first of its kind technology to support the body's natural cortisol response. So you can take on the daily juggle. I heard about stress relief And I said, well, that's for me. Sign me up. And Ritual was nice enough to send me some. I've been taking it for a few weeks now and waking up in the morning. I definitely am noticing the difference. Ritual actually suggests taking stress relief in the morning when cortisol is typically at its peak to support the body's natural cortisol response with an instant and extended release formulation for all day support. The juggle is real. Don't just respond to stress. Get ahead of it with stress relief from Ritual. Get 25% off your first month@ritual.com slash Morbid. Start ritual or add stress relief to your subscription today. That's ritual.com/ Morbid for 25% off.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ad. Yay.


According to Jana Bommersbach Ruth quote, wanted to get pregnant by Holleran, and he'd pledged to her that regardless of his other flirtation, she was the only one he wanted. Hmm. But despite what he told her, Ruth knew Jack had also been spending time with Anne and Sammy, and he had been supplying their parties with alcohol. So she had reason to dev to doubt his devotion to her. She also knew that he'd been giving Anne and Sammy some money and she also was like seeing him flirt with them and other people at their party Shamelessly. Yeah. Constantly. Hmm. And while they may not have known the extent of Jack and Ruth's relationship, Sammy and Anne definitely realized that she captured a certain amount of his attention whenever they were together.


So basically everybody's just su suspicious of everybody at this point. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. And when it came to Jack holler and they all had reason to be jealous of each other. Of course. So it's a mess. Yeah, that's, I was gonna say, this is just a, this is so messy and it escalates so quickly. Like so quickly. It usually does. Yeah. On the night of October 16th, 1931, Anne and Sammy called Ruth and they were like, Hey, do you wanna come over for dinner? But since she had planned a date with Jack, she declined and said she just had lots of work to catch up on. Okay. Yeah. Then several hours passed and she still hadn't heard from Jack who she was supposed to have a date with. So she said, she's like pissed off, she's annoyed, she's irritated.


So rather than, you know, just stay at her apartment and wait for him, she was like, you know, you know what, I'm gonna go take Anne and Sammy up on their invitation. Good for her. Yeah. And she figured that if Jack did end up showing up, she would be sending the message that she wasn't the kind of gal who was just gonna sit around and wait for him. No. All the guys know it wouldn't be right to leave your best girl home on a Saturday night. What's that from the beach boys? Look, listen to you. Listen to you. So, so she arrived at Ann and Sammy's apartment a little after nine 30 that night. And she's like, oh, I finished all my work sooner than I expected. They're like, okay. And she's like, yeah, I just figured I would take you up on your invitation. So they sat up, they had dinner together, you know, they were shooting the shit, gossiping girls, just being girls.


But since Anne and Ruth had to work the next day, they decided to call it a night a little before midnight. They said by that time the Charlie had stopped running though, and Ruth would've had to walk home. So they just, like, Sammy and Anne were like, no, you shouldn't walk home in the middle of the night. Why don't you stay on the couch? Yeah. And she was like, yeah, that's, that's a good plan. Now what happened next has been a matter of debate for decades. And even Ruth herself has given various slightly different explanations, like depending on when she tells the story. Hmm. So it's kind of unclear what, what exactly happened between the three of them. Okay. And the statement that Ruth would give less than a week later, she claimed I had gone to the girl's home to Resate with Ms.


Samuelson. Sammy. Okay. For some nasty thing she said about Ms. Leroy Ann, Ms. Samuelson got ahold of a gun and shot me in the left hand. Damn. I struggled with her and the gun fell. Ms. Leroy grabbed an ironing board and started to strike me over the head with it in the struggle. I got hold of the gun and Sammy got shot. Ms. Leroy was still coming at me with the ironing board. And so I had to shoot her. I told you it escalated quickly something the, I feel like it just was like ba bam, like just whoa. Yeah. A gun is now involved in Yeah. In an ironing board, in an wondering board that for some reason the notion of like bopping someone over the head with an an ironing board sounds funny in theory.


Yes. And then when you actually think about it, you're like, damn, that words hurt. Huge. Yeah. Like that is gnarly. So I'm like, damn, that wouldn't be scary. 'cause at first I was like, that's a silly image of somebody like bopping someone with an ironing board that, but then I'm like, no, that's a little scary actually, because it's really just like metal with like Yeah. It's not even like a cushion on top. It's like a board. Yeah. You know, like I think it's just like, and it's like somebody's like slamming you with an irony. That's crazy. Yeah. Who knows if that really happened, but damn. I know because there was another version of the incident where Ruth said that she and Sammy got into a heated argument and Sammy had quote come at her with a gun in the kitchen. And then in order to defend herself, Ruth said that she grabbed a bread knife off the counter and stabbed Sammy.


Holy shit. And then she ended up shooting her while they were both struggling on the floor for the gun. And then she said, Anne tried to break up the fight by hitting her with the ironing board. So that's why she shot her next. Well, and here's the thing, the irony back to the ironing board, you don't shoot someone that's coming at you with an ironing board. No. You don't bring, don't gun into an ironing board fight you like don't like, you just don't. That's well known. That's wild behavior. Like that's reckless. Something in her I think just snapped. It's this moment that way. And then, because there's no justification here that I'm seeing. Yeah. And I don't mean like snapped as like, I don't know if she, because there ends up being like this whole debate over whether she's insane, like criminally or not.


Yeah. And I don't know that she is or isn't. Like when you find Yeah. It could just be like snapped as in like, like the TV show snapped. Yeah. Like she'd come to a point where she couldn't take it anymore. Yeah. And she snapped. Not that she snapped from reality. Right. Exactly. Thank you. I don't know, I'm interested to see what you think, because things escalate even more from here to the point where you're just like, but it goes on for so long that you're like, well, it's not just a moment where, where she snapped out of reality for a second and like lost it. Right. It's, it feels like there's probably more that's gonna happen here than I'm gonna be like considering like a Trunk Murderess in the title.


Yeah. The Trunk Murderess coming up. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. So, so that she has her stories, she has a couple different versions of them. They're all pretty similar, but there's just like little aspects that change. Yeah. From time to time. The state meanwhile would present a very different version of events during trial. In their version, all three women were arguing over Jack Holleran. And after Anne and Sammy had gone to bed, the prosecution claimed that Ruth snuck into their bedrooms and shot each one of them in the head shooting Anne first. That's cold blooded. And then they said, when Sammy heard the gunshot, she woke up and threw her hand out in a, a defensive gesture. And that's why she had a bullet hole in her hand. That makes sense. And they said that was quickly followed by the fatal gunshot to her head.


Which would make sense. 'cause you get shot through the hand and then you're like reeling from getting shot in the hand. It leaves you vulnerable to exactly a shot in the head and you're sleeping in bed. Like you Yeah. You've just woken up already vulnerable. You know, according to Ruth's biographer, Jana bomb bomber, Bach, the most likely account of the murders is kind of like an amalgamation of Ruth's version of events. But with the inclusion of a few key details that she would later describe in a letter she was gonna send to her husband William. 'cause remember she's still married to William. I forgot about that. Yeah. In the letter, Ruth claimed that she did stay the night at Anne and Sammy's apartment. And then the next day they were sitting in the living room. And an argument broke out days before that Ruth had set Jack up on a date with a woman that she knew through the clinic, but she knew that this woman had syphilis.


Oh. So she was telling them that, and whether the comment was made jokingly or out of jealousy, Sammy threatened to tell Jack that Ruth had knowingly set him up with a woman who had syphilis. And allegedly she told her, when I tell them you associate with and introduce them to girls who have syphilis, he won't have anything to do with you. Damn. So shit got like this got really messy, messy. That's all. The only way you can describe it is just like messy, fucking messy. Yeah. Like, I'm looking at this and I'm like, I would wanna be a hundred miles away from this situation. And if that's the truth, how fucked up, like you can't be doing that. Syphilis is a serious fucking disease. Yeah, absolutely.


It's, come on. Damn. And the thing is, if Jack Holleran had found out about Ruth wanting to set him up with somebody that had syphilis out of, in like a vengeful spirit, you know, well, and not like con not telling him Yeah. It was not, not gonna be a consensual thing like he needs to be. Yeah. That would be non-consensual if, if he didn't know. And she was like, and definitely like she wasn't gonna tell him because this whole thing was like he had fucked her over. Yeah. So she was like, ha ha. So she was like, I'll bet you it was like, damn, that is, feels not proportionate. Yeah. Agreed. But yeah. So if he had found out, he would obviously think pretty poorly of Ruth and their relationship and end things. Yeah. Which would jeopardize everything that she had hoped for with her future with Jack.


So in a moment of anger, Ruth said, Sammy, I'll shoot you if you tell that. And in response, Sammy went into the other room, returned with the gun, and pointed it in a threatening gesture and reacting without thinking. Ruth grabbed the barrel of the gun and it went off. Bullet grazed, Ruth's hand, and then the pain from the bullet wound and the shock from the sound of the gunshot that sent Ruth out of her chair. She knocked Sammy to the ground, grabbed that bread knife and stabbed her in the process. And then she managed to get the gun away from Sammy and quickly killed her two closest friends. Holy shit. So this is like another version of the events. Yeah. That may or may not be true. There's like 16 up until this point. There's, I think there might even be more.


Oh, damn. Bommersbach believes Ruth had planned to send, because that all of what I just said was those were details laid out in the letter that Ruth was planning to send to William. And Bommersbach believes that Ruth planned to send this letter to her husband in order to explain what had happened. And then she was possibly going to take her own life. But the letter never made it to William and would eventually be used against her in court. Eke. Yeah. Bombers Box said she would eventually tell this story many times, all of them after she'd been convicted of murder. But she would always tell this same story. So she told like all these different versions, but then once she was convicted, that last one is the story that she stuck with, became the story, and it's the one that she penned to her husband, like right after everything happened.


So I tend to believe this one. Yeah. Out of all of them I could. Yeah, that does make sense. You know, I, I, I believe it to a degree. Yeah. You know, after shooting both women Ru, and this is where it gets really dark, just so everybody knows, Ruth moved each back into their beds, cleaned up the best she could, and then went to work for the day. Oh, just went to work. Yep. And later that afternoon, after she was finished with her shift, she went back to the apartment, Anne and Sammy's apartment and loaded both bodies into Anne's steamer trunk and had it moved from their apartment to her own where she dismembered Sammy's body, placing her head torso and lower legs into the smaller shipping trunk.


And her remaining body, body parts went into a smaller suitcase and a hat box, damn worried that she would be caught and wanting to distance herself from the crime scene. On the morning of October 18th, she booked a ticket to California on the Golden State Limited, which was a railroad that went from Phoenix to LA and she checked the trunks with the baggage handlers at the station. Holy shit. So she has two bodies dismembered in multiple trunks and checks her luggage, which contains two dismembered bodies. She is Wiley Wiley. That is Wiley. That's a bold move.


The boldest one might say. So the next day the Golden State Limited pulled into the station in LA where the baggage handler HJ maps noticed a strong odor and saw quote, what he believed to be blood leaking from one of these trunks. So he goes and gets his supervisor, Arthur Anderson, and he is like, Hey, I think that this is just wild. What he thought was in there, like Trunk Murderess bleeding. He said, I think this trunk might have some contraband meat in it. I mean. Okay. Yeah. I don't know a lot about like what people were smuggling throughout the country in the 1930s, but I will tell you, I didn't know that there was contraband meat.


I just love that that is the, that's the first thought. Yeah. I also feel like that'd be a really good band name contraband meat. We are contraband meat. Yeah, that is a good band name. When you yell it, you are right. So Anderson set the luggage aside and was like, oh, you know what? When like the owner gets off the train, we will ask what the fuck is going on here? Yeah. But when they found Ruth, she just told them she didn't have the keys, but that she would quote phone her husband and have him bring them to the baggage station. Oh, okay. And they were like, yeah, totally. So you're just traveling with luggage that you don't have the keys to. Like That's interesting. That makes sense. Okay. So they waited and she used the phone at the baggage counter to make that call, but she claimed she got no response. And she said she'd have to drive downtown to locate her husband.


But after slipping away into a crowd, she jumped into a waiting car of her brother, the waiting car of her brother, Burton Kinnel. And they just sped off leaving the bags there. What the fuck? So she called her brother and was like, you need to pick me up in la. and he was sitting there waiting for her, and she was able to get away, holy shit. And le And left the bags there. And left the bags. So concerned about the contents of these trunks. And they're suspicious as fuck. Owner Anderson notified the LAPD and they forced the locks open on the trunks, obviously, of course, revealing the horrific contacts inside. Oh God. In addition to the bodies contained within the trunks, detectives also found the women's purses, which allowed them to identify both bodies as Sammy and Annie and Ann.


Excuse me. She just put their I Yes. Like just, yeah, just putting IDs with them. Just put their purses in there. They're like, in case you need this with their identification. Wow. Wow. Okay. I was like, why didn't you just like, I'm glad that you didn't but you, why didn't you just leave their purses at home? They're like, damn, you really just gave it to them, because also that would've made it look like they had like disappeared. Exactly. But I'm, I'm glad you didn't say, but I'm glad that she was not so thoroughly thinking that. Yikes. Wow. They also, she put everything in these suitcases. They also found the spent shell casings from the 25 caliber pistol that was used to kill both women in their purses. And she's like, here's their IDs and the murder weapon essentially. Oh yeah, the murder weapon as well. Oh, the actual murder weapon.


Or like, not the murder weapon, but something that was used in the murder. Yeah. The green handled bread knife that Ruth had stabbed Sammy with was also in the trunks. Wow. The evidence inside was also covered in bloody fingerprints, which investigators assumed would probably be a match for the trunk's sonar once she was located. Yeah. They were like, you know what, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna say as soon as we get out, I feel like these fingerprint's gonna match. Most importantly though, somebody had managed to write down the license plate number of the car that Ruth had escaped in, and a day later, her brother Burton was found and arrested, but still no Ruthie damn in an interview with police. Burton insisted he didn't know where the hell his sister was and he didn't know anything about the bodies in the trunk.


He's like, she called me, man, I just came, I her up pick up. He's like, I'm just that fucking sucker west to pick somebody up from the train station. I'm that guy in the town who says, who's car we take? Whose like, I don't know anything about it. Just that's it. I'll pick you up. He said, I don't know why she did it if she did it. She must have been insane. According to him, Ruth had met him on the college campus shortly after she arrived in California and asked him for a ride. He said, she said she wanted me to pick up her trunks, which she had brought from Phoenix, Arizona and throw them in the ocean. I asked her why she wanted me to do such a strange thing, but she got angry and said, the less I knew, the better off I'd be baby. That's when you should I mean that is a police moment.


Yeah. Like that's when you're, when you, somebody tells you, please pick up those trunks and throw that I ran away from and throw them in the ocean. And when you say like, why would, why would I throw your trunks in the ocean? I won't wanna tell you. They say like, it's probably best that you not know a lot about it. Don't touch those trunks, dude. Don't touch those trunks. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta call someone. You just wipe your hands in that situation. You walk the other way, you call someone and you say, they said it's the best. The less I know the better. Yeah. So I'm gonna stay with that, but I'm gonna pass this on to you. Exactly. Exactly. Honest. But this poor guy, he's like, this is my sister don. Don't know what the fuck is going on. I know. That's really hard. Like that's a shit position. Begin. Yeah. I keep forgetting it's her actual brother. Yeah, exactly.


But still I mean, but like you can, I would do a lot of shit for you. You gotta do, I'm not throwing shit in the ocean for you. I'm not throwing bodies in the ocean, dude. Yeah. And I'm, I'm way too conspicuous. Yeah, it's true. So after the baggage handlers at the station started questioning them about the contents of the trunks, Burton said he also became suspicious and insisted that they leave the station. He said outside in the car, I opened her release, which I think is Aya is the trunk. Okay. He said, what I saw nearly made me faint, nearly drove me, nearly drove me insane. and he was referring to the portion of Sammy's body that Ruth had put in the suitcase when it didn't fit in the trunk. Oh my God. So there was the trunks at the station, and she has her suitcase, but she has her suitcase, which has part of Sammy's body, a part of Sammy's body in the suitcase.


Yes. My geez. Ugh. Yeah. He said, I knew then what was wrong, why she acted so strange. He claimed he drove her downtown and gave her $5 and then dropped her off in the middle of like a very busy LA street. And that was the last time he had seen her. But he said, I hope she gets away. She was forced to do it. I know. The poor kid. Damn. That's some brother shit. Yeah. Like wow.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community, and the local detectives feel these atrocities are eerily personal. As of someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash, Betz, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs. Grotesquery premiered September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I personally just got way more into the fantasy genre. All of a sudden it's a really nice escape. So I started listening to the Spell shop and it's narrated by Caitlin Davies. And so far it is so good. I feel like if you need an escape, this is the title for you. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid, or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days, Audible dot com slash Morbid.


So while the police combed the city looking for Ruth, the press had managed to gather a ton of information on the victims, the suspected killer, and a number of friends and family members, all in like a pretty short amount of time. Yeah. Like a surprisingly short amount of time. Well, she wasn't really super careful. No, she definitely wasn't. Yeah. But still, I was like, wow, you guys got a lot. But the most significant finding was the letter that Ruth had supposedly written William after the murders, where she disclosed pretty much all the details of the crime, as well as letters written back and forth between Ruth and William. Based on what little they had learned from investigators, most press figured out that there was not only marital trouble between Ruth and her husband, but also they were like, yeah, we're pretty sure she was seeing another guy.


Mm. The Tucson Citizen among others reported that the county attorney from Phoenix, Lloyd Andrews speculated that quote, A woman of Mrs Judd stature could not have committed the slings and packed the bodies into the trunk alone, and therefore she must have had an accomplice. So now people are starting to think somebody did this with her. You'd be surprised he continued on. It would be foolish considering all we have learned to go on the theory Mrs. Judd alone was responsible for these slayings. She's a woman of slight build, and it would've been impossible for her alone to have handled these bodies. There's little doubt a man was involved in the packing of the trunks. I mean you'd be surprised what you do in a desperate situation.


Exactly. Regardless of how big or small you are. Right. Agreed. So in an attempt to distance his own self from this crime, and from the innuendos and rumors appearing in the press that she had some help, William Judd reached out to her husband, reached out to a reporter from the LA Times to comment. He said, I wish the police would exceed to my wishes and permit me and her brother to start in the hunt. I believe that my wife would find me in some way, and then we could start to unravel this appalling mystery. Honestly good for William. He's just like, fuck that. He's like, I have nothing to do with this. And actually I'd like to help you find her so we can figure out Yeah. I actually wanna find, figure out what the fuck happened here. That would also be that way. He also refuted reports in the press that his marriage was in trouble, or that he and Ruth had been experiencing any discord in the relationship.


He said, my wife is the quiet, refined type. There's nothing vicious or criminal in her makeup. And we never quarrel except the usual spots between husband and wife. Oof. I'm like, that's not necessarily true. Oof. She moved all the way to Phoenix because things were so bad. Yeah. And, I forgot how bad it was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, he didn't know about Jack. It doesn't sound until Yeah, until he did know bunch of until he did know. But But they did have issues. Yeah. But when it came to whether Ruth had murdered Sammy and Anne, he rejected the theory entirely. He said, I know she's mixed up in it in some, in some way, but she's too frail, too small and too weak to have committed these deeds unaided. Hmm. Interesting. She did commit them alone. Like spoiler alert, like spoiler alert.


She did. She never named another accomplice. Yeah. Don't discount. Just based on how somebody's stature. Yeah. They never found anything, any evidence to point that it was anybody else other than her. So while the press quickly built a strong case against Ruth and her unnamed accomplice, hundreds of LAPD officers were fanning out across the city and what the LA Times were calling quote, the greatest police hunt in the history of the west. Damn. Which I love. That was really intense. Yeah. According to the Times, police searched a small cabin owned by Burton Kinnel, where they found quote, two pieces of cream pie and four sandwiches had been brought there two days earlier. They said leading them to believe that the location was being used as some kind of hideout.


I was like, or the guy just really likes pie. Yeah. And sandwiches. I mean I'd be in trouble if that's what they're, I was gonna say, I'd be screwed. I'm like, you looking for snacks because uhoh, because I got a lot of those, I'm in trouble. But the cabin went under heavy surveillance and Ruth never returned. She never came back. So he might've just been a hungry guy. So he just like cream pies, you know? Or she might've been there at one point and he was like, have a pie. But between the time the bodies were discovered at the train station and the day Ruth was arrested, residents of Los Angeles and readers around the country probably were terrified of some maniacal butcher running around on the loose. Yeah. And possibly hunting for more victims. Yeah. 'cause you don't know what the, what happened here. No, exactly.


And it's, remember this is in the 1930s, so it's really hard for people to think that a woman could do this to even fathom this. Yeah. Yeah. Even in 1960, what we, when we talked about the Barbara Mackle case Yep. And Ruth was involved a different Ruth. People were like, no way. She's too pretty. And she's a woman. Yeah, exactly. So people just couldn't believe it. Too pretty. Too pretty. And actually this Ruth was also pretty too pretty. And it played into the case. So after Burton dropped Ruth off downtown on the evening of the 19th, she made her way to the Levia sanitarium, which she was previous, she was familiar with from a previous day. To her surprise, nobody stopped or questioned her when she walked in.


So she found an unoccupied room and laid down on the bed later. She said, I went to bed there, And, I, remember nothing else for four days. I love that she was just able to waltz in there and just lay in a bed. She just, for four days, walked into a hospital and laid in a bed for four days. Yeah. Like, like, okay. Hello? We were doing okay, I guess. Yeah, I guess so. On the morning of October 23rd, she left the sanitarium and placed a call to a doctor that she knew at another area sanitarium, asking if he would be able to mail the letter that she had written to William. But the doctor was like, no, Ruth And I know that they're looking for you. You need to turn yourself in. Yeah. Like, I, I'm not playing any part in this.


Good for that doctor. So instead she walked around the city for a while until she overheard a woman reading an article from the paper. And she heard the woman say her husband wants her to call this number. Like they were talking about her. Wow. This woman. Yeah. So she found a copy of the newspaper that the woman was reading, and she called the number that William had given to the reporters. Damn. She said, immediately I called that number and my husband answered in Spanish and told me to Milt him meet him at the Biltmore Theater. When they arrived, she found her husband and the company of another man, and she found out that he was the attorney that William had hired to represent her. Damn. So they both convinced her to turn herself into the police, and together they made arrangements for her to surrender at a nearby funeral parlor.


Interesting. I'm not sure what the point of that was to make it really intense and theatrical. I guess so. And it was on the condition that she immediately be submitted for psychiatric evaluation. Smart. Yeah. So a little past 6:00 PM LAPD officers arrested Ruth at the Alvarez and Moore funeral home, just a few blocks from the Hall of Justice. Whatever condition she had put on her surrender were not honored. Ah. And instead of being taken to a local psychiatric hospital, she was taken immediately to an interrogation room, which makes sense. Where they were like, what the fuck? Yeah. They might not have thought she was insane at the time, but most people were surprised by her appearance when she was taken outta custody. They, like I said, like they're picturing like this maniacal butcher, like dangerous psychopath.


Yeah. But what they found was a very small, frail woman who looked disheveled, confused, and in real bad need of a shower in clean clothes. I love that. They're like, and she stunk. They were like, she was smelly and she looked like shit. Her hair looked a mess, which also, it didn't, there's picture pictures of hers surrendering and she looks fucking great. I was like, well, shit, what, what would anyone think of me on any given day? This, I'm not even surrendering in this captur me going to the local coffee shop. Yes. And I'll look like I'm need And I to surrender to Look, I've been on, I've been on the lamb for It's the Yam. It's the yam. Thank, excuse me. I've been on the sweet potato for a few days. Exactly. But in her confession, Ruth told the version of the story where she went to Sam Sammy and Anne's home to confront Sammy about quote unquote some nasty things she had said about Anne.


Oh. And then a conflict escalated and she ended up shooting both of them. And with her face buried in her hand, she just kept repeating. I had to shoot her, I had to shoot her. Like she just kept saying it. When the bodies were discovered at the train station, though, detectives and district attorneys, the, the district attorney's office had assumed that they had a pretty easy case before them. As long as they could capture the killer, if even half of what the press was reporting turned out to be true. This murder was motivated by jealousy and there was a grim evidence found in possession of the killer. Yeah. But the confession threw a wrench into their plans for like this open shut case because Ruth didn't deny killing Sammy and Anne, but she claimed that she had done it in self-defense.


Yeah. That's gonna be a problem for them. Yeah. Completely different from first degree murder. And in addition to that, there was scratches on her arms and face. And the, remember she had been shot in the hand as Well, yeah. So the bullet had the, it had literally lodged into her hand and it had become gangrene. Ooh. So that suggested that there Oh shit. May have been some truth to what she was saying. That would make me second guess if there's like actual wounds on her. Yeah. And she's claiming self-defense. How do you get away from that? And especially back then too, like they, you know, I mean that's a pretty good defenses. Pretty good case. So later that evening, detectives got ahold of the letter that Ruth had planned to send to William before tearing it up and leaving it behind in an empty store on the night that she arrived in California.


Oh. I don't know how they were able to find us. Oh, Jesus. But the letter which Ruth denied she ever wrote, contained a description of the incident where they fought over Jack, who claimed, who Ruth claimed, knew all about the murders. Oh, no. Which fueled the accomplice theory. Yep. The letter said it was horrible packing those things as I did it, I kept saying, I've got to got to, or I'll be hung. I've got to go. I've got to, Ooh, in her statement to the press after her arrest, she exclaimed, I am not a fugitive from Justice And. I'm not a criminal. I did the only thing any decent woman would do. I fought for my life. And. I'm fighting for it now because I am very ill.


I like to consider myself a decent woman. And, I. Don't think I'd do any of that shit. This has got me second guessing, because I'm like, don don't know. I don don't think I'd do that. Maybe don don't wanna call myself a decent woman, not decent don don't know. I'm like, you are in fact a criminal. What a thing to say. Yep. I did what any decent woman would do. We all say, huh. No, no, no. Not me. I don't, she, she doesn't speak for us. Like you could have done a lot better things. I, I just met with the coalition of decent women and they said they agree. She does not speak for us. They said, oh no. They said no since she's always trying to get herself in this club. But yeah, they said, no, no, no. But we keep saying, no thanks e. Now, despite her efforts to fight extradition, she was returned to Phoenix On October 30th, where nearly 3000 people were waiting to catch a glimpse of what the press had named the Trunk murderous.


Damn. Later that day, county attorney Andrews announced to the press that he intended to bring the case to trial quickly, and he had every intention of pursuing the death penalty. He told the reporters he was willing to try Ruth separately for each murder. and he continued by saying, thus, if she has acquitted on a charge of murdering one of the women, she'll then be tried on the other charge. Whoa. So he meant business. He was like, you're not getting out of this. Yeah, no. And it turned out that he was true to his word. Not long after she got back to Phoenix, Ruth was indicted for the murders, and a trial date was set for January. In the meantime, the press and the Phoenix Police continued digging into Ruth's story, looking into her personal life. They were just determined to figure out which version of the murder was the accurate one.


Yeah. Ruth took some advice from her lawyer though, and decided to stop speaking to the press and the police since she was arrested. And instead she insisted that she acted alone in the murders and the dismemberment of Sammy and Anne. Now, some of the comments that she made previously though only strengthened speculation that she had an accomplice in either one or both of these acts. In late November, she finally sat down with a psychiatrist, Dr. Joseph Katten, and for the first time she spoke on record about Happy Jack there. Jack, according to Catton quote, she showed scorn for Jack Hollerin stating that he was acting as do the rest of men. He had forsaken her. He would not raise a finger to help her, even though she may be hanged.


Damn. So she was making it sound like he had helped her in some way, but he was gonna let her take the rap for this. Yeah. He was gonna let her hang for it. Yeah. Wow. Years later, it would become clear that since her arrest, she had been covering up for two men, but not for the reasons that most people expected. Huh. Knowing that she'd be arrested, she concocted the first story about confronting Sammy over the nasty things that she said about Anne. This was intended to cover up her affair with Jack Hollerin, which she figured would destroy his reputation and devastate her own husband. Yeah. I wondered if that was the reason for that one. Yeah. That's why she had lied. In her interviews with Dr. Kat and Ruth explained that there never would've been a case against her if it hadn't been for Jack Hollerin, though she felt that if she hadn't engaged in this affair with Hal Hallin, that there would never have been an argument with her friends and nobody would've ever ended up dead.


Wow. That's so fucked up. So that was the role he played. He didn't help her. Yeah, he didn't. It was just that because of the affair. Yes. They got in this fight, and if it was never happened in the first place, they wouldn't be fighting over this thing and it never would've escalated. Exactly. It all came down to jealousy. Yeah. And like really cattiness. So it's like he didn't do anything except for having affair with this person. Yeah. He was just like a shitty dude. Yeah. You know, this revelation didn't change the outcome for Sammy and Ann though, but it did offer some explanations as to why her story had changed several times. Yeah. Depending on who she was talking to. If Ruth believed that Jack had abandoned her in November, though she had completely changed her opinion by mid-January, just before her trial was about to begin, ah, she told Dr.


Katten, Jack Holleran still loves me and always has. Oh, no. She was completely certain that he was gonna come through with her in his defense. Oh, no. Or in her defense, excuse me. When Katten asked why she had such a big change of heart, she said, he has sent word to me in jail here that he still loves me and that makes things different. He would come up to see me if he could, but you know, as well as I do, he can't do that because there's a warrant out for his arrest. Wow. It was clear to Dr. Katten that Ruth had fallen for whatever Jack Howan had told her. Yep. There was no warrant out for his arrest instinct, though. And whatever he told her was probably just an excuse to keep distance between himself and her.


Oh man. Yeah. But on the verge of trial, she remained committed to the idea that should things not go in her favor, Jack would come to her rescue. He would offer some kind of testimony that would explain everything, and she would be acquitted, which is really sad. Yeah. That's, that's some serious de Lulu, that's the thing. Like, yeah, I don't think she's criminally insane, but I definitely think she's a very mentally ill woman. There's something off here. Yeah. That kind of delusion is, you can understand it to a point, but then it comes to like, there's more here. Yeah, I agree. I don't know what it is, but there's more here. It feels like that's the thing. Exactly. So the trial began on January 21st, 1932 in Phoenix, Arizona.


In his opening statement, Lloyd Andrews laid out the state's case for the jury. According to him, Ruth's jealousy and fears over losing her lover. Jack and her husband had motivated her to murder. The only two people who knew the truth about her relationship with Jack Holleran. Yeah. Or at the very least, suspected it on the night of the murder, she got to her friend's home around 10 30, after the two had gone to sleep, she snuck into the room and after quickly entering the bedroom, she pressed the revolver to Anne's head and pulled the trigger, killing her Immediately, the sound of the gunshot, they said, woke Sammy, who threw up a hand either in protest or protection, which explained how she got that gunshot wound through her hand. And then after shooting her in the hand, she, Ruth pointed the gun at her head and killed her instantly.


Yeah. Or Andrews argued that this was supported by the statements taken from the girl's neighbors who recalled hearing gunshots Right around 10:30 PM But when they looked out the window, Sammy and Anne's home seemed like it was dark and quiet. Okay. So they didn't really think anything. Yeah. And it was also supported by the, so-called Drain letter where Ruth confessed the murder to her husband with just slightly different details. Yeah. While the accuracy of the details were in question, a handwriting analysis did confirm that the handwriting matched Ruth's and that, oh shit. She had written the letter Now among the first witnesses called by the prosecution was Dr. Katten, who was there to testify on Ruth's sanity or lack thereof.


However, before he even reached the witness stand, Ruth started shouting at him and demanding that he leave the room. Oh, she screamed, get out of here. I won't have you near me. Seemingly angry that Dr. Katten had made statements about her to the prosecutor in the press. She jumped out of her chair and continued on saying, you talked about me. I won't have it. You stay away from me. Wow. In the middle of her trial, in the middle of her trial, which again, up there, I feel there, there's something there. Yeah. Because it didn't seem like she was acting like, like this is over the top behavior. Yeah. but it didn't seem like it was like a farce, you know? Like it was actually like genuinely happening. Yeah. So, and that's the thing, because Dr. Katten was like startled by her outburst.


Yeah. So he left the room to collect himself and he came back a short time later through a different entrance. This time he had smart. Yes. Eventually he did provide testimony on behalf of the prosecution and he told the court that in his opinion she was sane. Damn. Which is wild. Her emotional outburst was exactly the type of courtroom antics that so many spectator Oh yeah. Spectators had hoped to see and expected to see. That's what everyone showed up for. Exactly.


DHS has designated September 25th as if you see something, say something Awareness Day, also known as Sisay Day on September 25th and year round, stay prepared to identify the signs, report suspicious activity to local authorities, and help prevent terrorism related crime. One tip could make the difference learn more by visiting dhs.gov/sisay day.


But more than that, everyone was very, very eager to hear from Jack Halloran. Oh, I would be, he had been subpoenaed. Yeah. So, and people knew that they were ready. They wanted to hear what this man had to say. Yeah. So he was waiting in the anti chamber waiting to be called, and he, and likely everyone else was surprised. His name was never called in court that day or any other what, when asked why he never called Haller in to testify, Andrew said, I guess I must have overlooked him. He's my witness. I'll admit that I'm what? He just never called him. He's like a star witness. and he iss like, oh shit. He's a star witness. And. I love that. He's like, I will admit, he is my witness.


He's he my witness. Like, thank you for admitting that. Like, like, I don't know if you should admit that. Yikes. What? Yeah. I must have overlooked him. Yeah. He overlooked him. The truth was though, that Jack really didn't have anything to offer. The prosecution and his presence in the courtroom really would've only added to the chaos. And that is very true. And. I was thinking that like I'm, I'm shocked that like he's using the, I must have overlooked him, I don, I don. And not just said like, he would've caused a A scene. A scene and we just didn't need any more scenes in that courtroom. I think that's way more the answer, I think. I think so. And I think he just maybe didn't wanna, I honestly, now that I'm thinking about it, I feel like the prosecutor didn't wanna say that because if he says he's trying to avoid a scene, then it's admitting, it makes it seem like he is doubtful that she's saying that insane.


Like he has something to say that could Right. Blow him up. Right. You know? Exactly. And, I almost wonder like, 'cause we don't have like actual, you know, audio of him doing it. I wonder now that I'm looking at it, if he was just like, yeah. You know, crazy must have overlooked him. Just like shrug in his shoulders. Like he, my witness, I'll admit to that. Like just kinda like that. Like wink, wink, nudge, nudge. Oh shit. Like tongue in cheek kind of thing. don don't. I bet that's what it was more than anything. I think so too. That makes more sense. Yeah. That's the thing they like, there was really no point in calling him, because really the state's case against Ruth Judd wasn't just backed up by the evidence they collected. It was also supported by her multiple Yeah. Multiple, multiple confessions.


Regardless how one varied from the other. Yeah. She always killed the woman. Yeah. And that fact was not lost on Ruth Judd who saw how things were going. Yeah. And was definitely starting to worry that she was going to be found guilty and sentenced to hang on. January 26th, just a few days into the trial, during a recess, she broke away from the jail matron guard and fled into the hall to trying to make an escape. And she called out to her brother as she was running by, get my lawyer, sheriff Mc McFadden is telling the witnesses what to say, just like running by. She's just like, Hey, get my dry cleaning and call my lawyers. Like, she's just like throwing out to-do lists to be, she's like, the sheriff is trying to fuck me over.


I gotta get outta here. Fuck this. It doesn't sound real. No. She was quickly captured because they're literally in a fucking courthouse. Yeah. And she was returned to the courtroom where trial resumed after a very short break. Wow. And this was just a small disruption in the grand scheme of things, which is wild, that like the person on trial trying to escape was a small disruption. It's like a small little bump. They're like, oops, sorry about that. There also weren't really any immediate consequences. Like Yeah. They were just like, sit down. Pretty much. Yeah. but it was part of an emerging pattern of very highly emotional and very disruptive behavior from Ruth that would continue well beyond the trial. To that point, Ruth's mother testified that her daughter was quote, a woman under mental strain who struck when be, when best friends turned on her.


Okay. So she's like, I mean that happens sometimes. We've all had that happen. Right. And like that's not an, it's not a proportionate response. Yeah. I lost a whole friend group. Yeah. I never, I never lost it. Like cuckoo nuts. Oh yeah. You know, I had a best friend turn on me in like middle school. Yeah, exactly. You know, junior high, you don't, you don't do this about it. You don't do this about it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean nice that her mom came to her defense, but I mean. Yeah. It's your mom. I think I would've kept quiet on that one. Yeah. I'm not a mom though, so don don't know. Yeah. When it came time for the defense, her attorney Paul Shank invoked the irresistible impulse doctrine. What a doctrine. He argued that while she may have confessed to the crime, Ruth was not sane at the time and thus unaware of the consequences of her actions.


An irresistible impulse doctrine sounds spicy. It does. You know. Yeah. Very Another good band name, irresistible impulse. Yes. Yeah. And even add doctrine onto it. It would be a really cool, like emo band. I like that. Like pop punk emo band. If you're talented, do that. Do it. I like that. But unfortunately, the testimony from Dr. Katten and another state psychiatrist, Dr. Paul Bowers refuted shanks claim. Yeah. According to Bowers quote, regardless of testified delusions and hallucinations and a strain and a strain of insanity in her ancestry, it was his opinion that Ruth was in fact quite sane.


He said, I think she was trying to fool me. She did not display any demented actions. and he went on to explain that rather than show no awareness of the consequences, Ruth had actually gone out of her way, not only to conceal her crimes, but to conceal her affair from her husband. That's the part that really, that's why she did all of it with the sanity thing, is she had so much like a, A forethought here. Yes. Like she had so much like she wanted to cover up several things. Yeah, exactly. She, part of this was the affair and covering it up like that shows that she's thinking ly teacher and rationally. Exactly. When Shank asked whether the dismemberment of another human being was not a sign of psychosis, Bowers replied quote, that was exactly the best thing for her to do if she wanted to get away with it.


That's the thing. I feel like we're, we're very like conditioned to immediately assume like, well, if you dismember someone, you have to be psychotic. Which is a normal reaction. Very normal reaction. 'cause you're like, that's psychotic. Right. I can't put my brain there. Like who would do that? But a sane person who is choosing to get rid of a problem will do unthinkable. Things will do anything just to get away from it. Unthinkable things. And it's not psychotic, it's just unthinkable. Yeah. That's the thing. It's just, it's like that's where fucked. Put your brain. It's just unthinkable. Exactly. It's good. You can't put your brain there. That's the best way to describe it. but it doesn't mean psychotic. That's the best way to to say it. On February 7th, both sides rested and they gave their closing arguments with Andrews reminding the jury of the complete wealth of evidence they had against Ruth.


Yeah. And making yet another push for the death penalty. Paul Shank, on the other hand, spent his six hour closing. I don't understand those kind of, you're gonna statements because you talk at me for six hours and I'm gonna say you lose, just based on principle. How do you even talk? Like you don't talk at me for six hours. How does one do that? No, you don't. To lecture for six hours No. Is impressive. But no, also that's not safe. That's cruel and unusual. Yeah, exactly. To the people who have to sit there and listen. Yeah. But he spent his six hour closing sarcastically, attempting to undermine the critical testimony of the psychiatrist. and he heavily implied that even if she was lying to either of the state psychiatrist, that was a symptom of mental illness in and of itself.


No. Which ultimately supported their case of insanity. No, it didn't. If she was lying to the psychiatrist, that shows that she even more so is trying to get out of everything. Exactly. It would show more for sanity. Exactly. Like, I'm sorry, did you run this by anyone first me think? No. Did no one near you be like, that's actually not at all what that means. Like you're gonna sound dumb. When I was reading this, I said to myself, Paul Shank doesn't have a Raymond. No. Like Rusty had a Raymond in presumed innocent. No, it's true. You need a Raymond. You need a Raymond. Presumed innocent. It's a great show. All my God. Great show. You guys gotta watch it. Yeah. But in closing, he begged that she be not sent to the gallows or to a felon cell, but treated as a sick woman and committed to an asylum before retiring for deliberation.


Judge Howard Speakman instructed the jury of their opinion to, or sorry, their option to return one of six verdicts. They could do damn guilty of too many. It's a lot. I know. Guilty of first degree murder with death penalty. Guilty of first degree murder with life imprisonment, guilty of second degree murder. Manslaughter. Not guilty or not guilty by reason of insanity. Okay. So the jury deliberated for nearly two days before finally finding Ruth Judd guilty of first degree murder. I didn't do it. Which, so I'm not sure I understand that correctly. Because first degree murder, aren't you supposed to be like she snapped in the moment? So that's not premeditated.


And don't you have to have premeditate for first degree murder? That is interesting. 'cause I would more think of this as second degree murder. Me too. Because it, it seems like it was in the moment, And I would, I would 100% convict of sec, second degree murder. Me too. I would have, I think I would have trouble with first degree because I don't think this was planned. She didn't go there with a gun. The gun was there. Yeah. She didn't go there with the trunk. She went to work and had to get the trunks. You know what I mean? Yeah. I wonder if it has to do, and I'm not sure if that's what it is, if it has to do with all the steps afterwards, like the cover up and everything, all the cover up. Because that's an though and going to work while they're just like laying in their beds. Yeah. That is wild. I feel like that maybe all that played into it a little bit.


But I agree that I would more likely thought I was gonna see a second degree murder. That's what I thought too. I'm glad you felt the same. 'cause I was like, am I just not understanding this? Right. Somebody who understands it better let us know. Yeah. But when the verdict was read, Ruth showed no emotion. She gave no response. She simply bandaged and unbandaged her left hand obsessively while she listened to the jury foreman speak. Hmm. Yeah. So on February 24th, she was back in court for her formal sentencing. Her lawyer's motions for a new trial had all been denied. And when she asked, well, when she was asked whether she had anything to say for herself, she attempted to tell a quote rambling story and to charge an insufficiency in the state's proof. But she was ultimately overruled by Judge Speakman.


And in response she shouted those women were not murdered. And then stood defiantly behind the, the defense table as the judge read her death sentence out loud for the court setting an execution date for May 11th, 1932. Those women were not murdered. Like Yes, they were. Were not like, come on. Yes, they were. Also, there might be some states where that was not required. Premeditation meditation forethought. Oh, okay. And premeditation. Interesting. For first, for degree murder, And I was just looking it up. The fact that it was what? 19? Yeah. It was just 31, 32. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. So And I think things have since changed. Oh, okay. Thank you for looking that up. No problem.


But Ruth's ex execution date was put on hold petting an appeal to the Supreme Court of Arizona. But after hearing her case, they upheld the lower court's ruling. They said the evidence, particularly the letter she had written to William, quote, conclusively refutes any argument of insanity. Yeah. Despite their decision, she was deemed mentally ill just 72 hours before her execution date, and was moved from the prison, from the prison that she was staying in to the Arizona State Hospital for the insane, where she remained, quote, under sentenced to be hanged. If she ever recovered her sanity. In the 12 years that followed, she was there 12 years, she escaped a total of six times.


Holy shit. In one attempt, it is believed that she had outside help. But every time she managed to escape, she was recaptured and returned to the hospital six times. Every single time. Holy shit. After 20 years in the state hospital, she petitioned the state board of pardons and paroles to have her sentenced, commuted to life in prison. And on May 5th, 1952, her commutation was approved with the provision that if she was ever deemed sane, she'd be moved to the state prison in Florence. Oh, okay. In 1962, she made her seventh. Holy shit. And arguably most successful escape from the hospital. This time she traveled to California where she found work as a domestic worker.


What? And stayed out for seven years. Stop before being recaptured In 1969, she just went out there and found a job. She in California. Wow. Like, hello? What? Wow. So nearly so they found her, they put her back in jail, in prison. And then nearly 20 years after her commutation, she was granted parole in late 1969, assuring the state, state parole board that she would quote live as quietly as I can. Upon her release, she returned to the home of Dr. John Blummer and his wife, who she had been living with after, like during that last escape. Geez. Dr. Blummer died in 1982, and she sued his wife for $408 million, claiming that she'd never been paid any wages for her work while she was there and had essentially been kept as an indentured servant for 11 years, the court agreed with her and she was awarded a $225,500 cash settlement from the doctor's estate.


I am speechless. Yep. This woman, she is something. Wow. After that lawsuit, which I was in 1982, if I didn't say she faded into obscurity, lived out the rest of her life in Phoenix, Arizona in October. Wow. 23rd, 1998. Winnie Ruth Judd died from natural causes at the age of 93 years old. 1998. 1998. Holy shit. And while she spent most of her life associated with one of the most notorious cases Yeah. Completely sprouted in mystery and controversy. Many people still believe the jury and American people were biased by all the sensa sensational coverage of the story.


Huh. According to attorney Larry Debus, who represented Ruth in the 1960s, he said, if the body hadn't been cut up, this would've been just another homicide. And nobody ever would've heard of Winnie, Ruth, Judd, which I disagree with, but, but al but also the bodies were caught up. Yep. So, so like That's a nice thought. But they were, but that, that if they weren't, but like, but they were, she did dismember a body. Yeah. So, and even still, that's fun to talk about that. Like if she didn't, but she did, if she shot two of her friends and then went to trial, I feel like it still would, I don't think it would've been as sensational. No, because the, it is the, it's the trunk of it all.


I mean that what a weird thing to posture. Like it's just like if she didn't dismember this person, nobody would know about her. And it's like, correct. Yep. What else do you have? It's like, it's very captain obvious. Yeah. Like it's like what? Yeah. Like yeah. Larry d Dees there, don don't know. That's like if somebody gets in a car accident, you're like, if this car did not exist, you wouldn't have gotten in this accident. You wouldn't have been accident. It's like, yep, thank you. but it does And. I did. How so? Like I don't understand how that helps anybody. It was a weird statement to make. Not saying anything. Yeah. It's not, if Jeffrey Dahmer did not kill people, you would not know who he was.


Yep. Correct. True, true. But unnecessary. Point that out. 'cause he did. So that's why what? It's just Sos a hot take. What a hot take? It's a hot take. Truly a hot, the hottest cake. But absolutely wild that she won, escaped seven times and one time seven times was out for seven years. That's crazy. And then when she did get out, she just went and worked for this family and then sued their ass. Wasn't who wasn't paying her, I guess. Yeah. Because like there was proof that Yeah, they guess not. And then she got the money and the fact that she lived until 1998, like I was alive when she died. She was old. Yeah. She 93. Yeah. She lived to be old, which is not really I know.


Fair. Because if you ask me, I'm like, damn, there's some people who die much younger and it's like, and they I mean didn't dismember their friends and shove 'em into a trunk like the people that you killed. Yeah. Didn't really get to live that long. It's true. 'cause you killed them. Holy shit. Winnie, Ruth, Judd. Kind of saying like what that guy said, they didn't get to live that long. Yeah. And it's like because you killed. Correct. Wow. Oh, so yeah. What a case. Damn. The trunk murderous. The trunk Murderous. What a case. We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you have an affair on your husband with a guy named Happy Jack. Then Hanky is the name and Pinky is the game. And that Kill your friends and dismember them. I don't ever think you should keep it that weird. Thanks.


Hanky Pinky Hanky was the name and Pinky. It was a game.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police and upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you Rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure And I Media Witch Hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel And. I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing and the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.