
Hey weirdos. Before we dive into today's S Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us If you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


We get support from Amazon Prime. Hey weirdos. You know what's literally the most amazing thing ever? Amazon Prime. Listen up. 'cause this is gonna blow your minds with prime. You get faster than lightning delivery. Unlike everything we're talking millions of items. Literally everything you could ever want or need. But wait, there's more. There's more than everything you could want or need. Prime video lets you binge all those shows we're obsessed with, and Amazon Music has all the bops for your next dance party. I have been ordering a little bit on Prime lately. I had to get some earplugs the other night because my husband was a Snor, snore, snore in. And I said, please send them to me the very next day. And they did. That was great. Loved that. Whether you're a total book worm, a gaming fanatic, or you just really like trying new things or sleeping through the night without your husband snore in waking you up. Prime's got your back. eBooks for days free in-game goodies and everything you need to make your next DIY project from streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you are into.


Sherry Papini went missing in 2016. The story that the world thinks they know is that I am a master manipulator. She is California's real life gun drill. It's not me. This was a hoax. Oh, you're only talking now because you got caught and could this Person be playing you? This is just a lie. Now I get to tell the truth. Sherry Papini caught in the lie An ID documentary event Monday at nine. Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is Morbid.


This is morbid. And it is humid and swampy outside like it's fucking Florida or some shit. We haven't even been outside today though. Yeah, but I was told by reputable sources. Yeah, but I know Meaning my husband texted me and said, it's like Florida outside. It's humid. No, he's a very reputable source. Well, the problem, it wasn't even fucking humid in Florida when we were there. So now we're back home and we have to deal with humidity. And guess what? I don't like it. Not good for my hair. Yeah. I don't like it. Not good for my hair that I blow dried this goddamn morning. One thing I am excited though. Thanks for caring. I don't, I don't. Moving on.


Wow. No. You guys know I don't love summer, but I'm decided to get into it this year because, because summer ween and slasher summer, I'm trying to get in that vibe. It's gonna be fun. And I'm excited for that. So the, I'm trying to like get in a different state of mind for summer. 'cause this is usually the time of the year when I say, fuck it, I need fall more than I need oxygen. Wow. And it hurts. I want it so bad. No. Like I'm there now. Wow. Like it's hurting me. It's may, I'm in pain right now. It's literally May 2nd. Yeah. That's, that's my favorite response is whenever I say that somebody just goes, checks calendar. It's this date. And I say, no, I know that. That's what hurts.


I said, it's not October. She's gonna square up right now. She said that is always response. She said, I know what the fucking date is. It's put your fucking arms up. It's always the response. I say, wow, I really wanna fall. And people are like, it's May 3rd. And I'm like, I know. If it wasn't May 3rd, I wouldn't be missing fall. I would be in fall. I think we're, I know that. I think we're gonna have to noise regulate this episode, episode be because we screaming. We screaming. Listen, I like summer. I'm ready for my birthday, which is in one month. We're not even in Gemini season yet. So I'm excited for Summer Ween. Yeah. And you can feel how you feel and I can feel how I feel. Yeah. And we can still run a successful podcast together.


Just so you know. It's May 2nd. It is. I know. Do you know, listen, I was being mature. I was being mature. Okay. I was being mature right there. And you weren't. Maybe that's why Nicholas has a problem with you. Oh, we gotta talk about that guys. So this is a fake fight, by the way. It is Don. I think we don't do open, open up a few episodes fighting. Yeah. And I feel like that's gonna start a whole thing where I'm gonna be chased with pitchforks. Maybe they'll chase me. No, I can't run. So don't do that. I I won't run. I I'll not run. So no, this is totally fake. We're we're totally fine jokes. We we're in a silly, goofy mood. Help me shut the fuck up.


Just shut up. Shut the fuck up. Shut fuck, fuck up. But no, on a lighter note, but no, on a little bit of a scary note. Actually Elena has a problem with the Polter guys. Okay, so here we are. Maybe not a ter This is a spooky episode. We didn't, we started out with a theme and then we said no. Okay. Oh, see, he's trying to make it right. Maybe he asked me if, if I make, I was okay because he, I mean to that's, that's like a ghost lyric. I like that. Maybe that, maybe that's fall talking to you. I think that Nicholas Mother. Mother. Okay. We're back. Me and Nicholas are back. He heard me starting to talk about it and he was like, I'm sorry I hurt you.


I'm sorry. I'm not sold. He's, he's responding. Okay. Nicholas, I'm sorry. I'm, I'm gonna talk about our fight, but we're fine. We're totally cool now. Okay, well going back, If you guys watched or listened to listener Tales episode 6, 6 6. We had a special guest, Nicholas on, it's the Ghost Tube app. We're gonna have him, we're gonna put it up whenever we do Spooky episodes. Yeah. Just spooky episodes. Or maybe when we feel like it. Yeah. You guys seem to like it though. It was fun. He doesn't interrupt that much. And when he does it's very pertinent information. It's worth. So we named him Nicholas because he named himself Nicholas. That's how that works. We said, what's your name? And he said, Nicholas. And we said, okay, Nicholas.


It is. We're go, Nicholas and I were broey the last time. I felt a deep connection to him. So we started off this episode and I was like, I was like, Nicholas, what's going on? And he said he was struggling. And I was like, oh no. And I said, tell me your woes, Nicholas. And he responded, you, you. And I said, whoa, this is our first fight. And this is very okay, but maybe his woes are you because like, he lives here and he's, 'cause he can't, like, he can't love you because you're not even on the same plane and you're married. Oh my God. I'm telling John. I think that's me and Nicholas's dynamic I think. 'cause he just, he you're his forbidden love. He heard that. I misunderstood here. Although he did. And just call, call you mother.


So yeah. That's weird. Not maybe he think you're an It's okay. He thinks. Yeah. He's like, mother lost. I'm lost. He's lost. He's lost without me. See he said no. He said, I don't even know how I feel. Possess. What did he say? Possessed. I'd like to not be sorry Nicholas. We're okay. We're okay now. Nicola. We understand each other Nicholas. I get it. Okay. Yeah. It's complicated on Facebook. Some people don't understand our snark. Okay. But this is how we do. That's right, mother. So Nicholas is gonna be, is gonna be around and Nicholas will chime in when he feels like he has something to say when he sees fit.


And again, we were gonna make this like a themed spooky episode, but then we just got crazy with it. And Ash chose a cemetery. I chose an institution. Yeah. Like an asylum. And we're just going with that. So there's no real theme except spooky. This is fucking spooky. So Nicholas is the theme. He's the common thread theme. Nicholas serving. Nicholas serving Nicholas mother. So very much. Very much. He just said, oh my God. Wow. He's a king Nicholas for life. He said serving Nicholas very much. Very much. Okay. I think Nicholas is a gay icon. I love personally. Love personally. I'm obsessed. He gonna be on the season of all stars. I'm obsessed with this.


Maybe, maybe. Oh my God. Did he say maybe bitch, we have a full blown relationship with a gay paranormal icon. Get on our goddamn level. I, I'm literally upset. I've never been. I've quite frankly never been happier. He said Maybe catch me on RuPaul's Drag Race season 17. I love you. Wow. Oh my goodness Nicholas, you bring joy. Wow. Okay. I don't even know how to follow that up, but I don't think we can. We you get episode done. Bye. Thanks for listening. So I found this, so searching for Spooky places. I didn't know what I wanted to do.


At first. I was looking for cemeteries. That's how this did lead me here. 'cause Ash had found a cemetery she wanted to do. And I was like, all right, I will find a cemetery. So the reason I found this is it's, it's an old asylum. I'm gonna get into all the, all the nitty gritty. It's really horrible. So buckle in. But there is a cemetery. Cemetery on the site of this place, but it's like a mass grave. Oh, so it's technically a cemetery. Yeah. But that's what led me to this. And then when I found out the history water, you need some, I'm empty on water actually. Oh, are you asking? Yeah. So when I got further into like the history of this, that's when I was like, I have to you, are you seriously about to take a sip of your water? Because he told me water told me.


Okay. He said water, this fish just yed down to her water bottle. Yeah. He said, hydrate. And I said, okay Nicholas. She said, as you wish. Yeah. As you wish Nicholas. So I'm going. And then as I got into like the, you know, the background of this place and it's like just horrifying history, I found that Sam and Colby had gone to this place, our bro, and explored it. So I watched that video 'cause I wanted to see what that was about. And they experienced something crazy there. So I, I urge you to go look up there, their video about it. But yeah, it's a very scary place. It was a very scary history. And again, this is gonna be a little upsetting at times.


This is not, it's a, it's like an institution. Okay. So that's not great. Mine palate cleanse a bit. Yeah. So this is Forest Haven asylum. It was opened in 1925. It was opened under a much more offensive but very of the time name. Mm. It was the it. So part of that was the district training school for something. Okay. That I will not say. No. It was named Forest Haven Asylum in 1963. That's better. That's when they changed it up. I mean it's still pretty shitty, but Yeah. And somehow it got shittier after that. So I don't know how that happened. Oh it did. But it was intended initially to, to treat children and young adults in, it was a really bad hotel.


It, they were treating children and young adults in Laurel, Maryland. And it was serving the people of the District Columbia as well. Like they had a big range. It was going to be taking in people who were deemed mentally ill. Okay. At the time, like severely mentally ill. But later it went way far out of those parameters. Far enough to bring in kids and young adults that were just deemed not quote unquote normal by society or were just people that did nobody wanted to deal with anymore. That's horrible. There was also times when people were taken from their families against their family's will and put into this place.


Yeah. How did that happen? It was really bad. It it, I mean there was a time, and we'll get to it, that an orphanage closed nearby and 20 orphans were just written down in documentation as being mentally ill to be put into this place. 'cause they didn't have anywhere else to put them. Holy shit. So completely. You know, like just like average kids. Yeah. Happen to be orphans. Don't have any illnesses to that we could see. Right. We're just put in this place to be forgotten about. Wow. Yeah. So this is huge. This place is gigantic. It has 30 structures. It covers 250 acres. Damn. It's kind of in the middle of nowhere in a forest.


Like it's definitely pushed off. Which a lot of these places usually work. Yeah. On the entryway into the main building. And it's still there. There's a bronze plaque that says yet while I live, let me not live in vain. Which is chilling because all of them did. Yeah. Like they did not follow that. Right At the height of its operation, it had over a thousand patients, which they were referring to as inmates at the time. Way overcrowded. Way overcrowded when it initially opened in the twenties. And this is what's wild, it was in, it was initially created as like a progressive farm colony style thing. Like they had opened it as an institution.


But what they wanted to do was make it more like a wellness thing. They wanted to actually help these kids and these young adults like grow and thrive and like nourish them. Do like therapy. Yeah. Like truly make it like a wellness thing. In the beginning they were learning life skills, farm skills. They were like doing work and training for certain things and having like a real feeling of being part of a community. They were providing for the community as well with the farming stuff. Right. So like they were, they were given purpose. Like Yeah. Everything there was supposed to be like super chill. There was a lot there too. In the beginning there was basketball courts, a baseball fields. They would publish the scores of the baseball games in the papers sometimes at first. Oh, that's cool.


So initially this was like great like a community and it was being like held up as like this great place. Like great stories were coming out. I mean they had theaters there, they had a gym, they had all kinds of things to keep the patients busy and active and their minds working. How did it all go to shit? Everything was common nurturing. Well, in the 1960s the funding started to be pulled back and once the funding got pulled back, the asylum was suffering.


Once the temperature started rising, I realized I was back in the same worn out rotation. My uniform as I like to call it, oversized t-shirt, bike shorts. I said I can't do this every day. So I gave my daily uniform an upgrade with Quince. Their pieces are easy, elevated and somehow make me feel more put together really without even trying like a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses from $30 luck, swimwear, Italian leather platform sandals, which are actually so freaking cute. And so much more. I absolutely love, love, love Quince. I have so many dresses from there that I wear all summer long. And these are quality pieces. You know how like sometimes you'll grab a dress somewhere while you're out and you're like, oh, that'll be cute. You wash it a couple times and the quality's just gone. Not Quince. I've washed all my dresses from them a million times over and they still look like I just got them. Treat your closet to a little summer glow up with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash morbid for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash morbid.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I feel like it is so, so, so important. Top priority to maintain your mental health. Especially in the world we live in today. My goodness. And I think therapy has become so much more acceptable over the years. I think it should have been a long time ago because mental health awareness is luckily growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say that they've actually avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. No judgment here. Uhuh. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. I have personally benefited so much from therapy. People in my family have benefited from therapy. And you can really see in certain people's interactions like who's in therapy and who's benefiting from it. It makes all the difference. Well if you're thinking of therapy, I think BetterHelp is a great option because BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost because we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/morbid.


They started to take in people outside of the way, outside of the parameters. Mostly like I said, without their family's consent. Some of them were like basically kidnapped, like people with epilepsy were put here. People with just hearing problems. What people with tuberculosis. Oh my god. Kids. The kids from the orphanages without any known di disabilities. According to Ghost Adventures in the seventies, there was a lawsuit about this, But they, I'll get into these lawsuits too because they were wild, but like nothing fixed anything. Even these lawsuits. Yeah, it really possible. Plausible. It's pretty plausible. But like they didn't fix anything. They kept Wednesday.


Okay. Whoa. You like Honey, I'm sorry, what? Your leg. He said Mistress, mistress Wednesday your leg. You better put your legs back up. Mine are exposed. God damn that yet. That's your man. That's your Poulter man. I think there might be two in there. Two manes. So yeah, they kept on taking patience, you know, like I said, of all different kinds. Like people who didn't, wouldn't necessarily be quote unquote institutionalized. Sure. And you know, now the recreation programs were being cut. Like it wasn't this nurturing farming community anymore. That they were learning things.


It became crazy overcrowded. They were not being monitored. Monitored. They were not being stimulated in any way, shape or form. They would just leave them to just like wander around doing nothing. Monster. That is, that is they were like me. I do like you. They are monsters. They would end up being like sexually assaulted, physically assaulted by staff, by other patients. Like it was Jesus. A literal, it was a hell house. Hell yeah. Like it is called a hell house. Yeah. It's awful. And the only attention these patients were receiving at this point, like, 'cause they were being totally neglected. Right. And if they did get attention, it was abuse.


That's all it was. Yeah. That's all the attention that they were getting. And so staff was also being replaced with completely unqualified people. They were allowing doctors with suspended licenses to continue working there. What meaning the state of Maryland had deemed these people not suitable to practice medicine anymore. And yeah. What I agreed. Yeah. It's nuts. Nicholas gets it again. They were, the abuse was widespread and it was awful. Aspiration pneumonia was a leading cause of death there. Oh. Which happens when, and especially in this kind of environment when feeding procedures are basically not being followed.


Safety safely. They would force feed patients. They would feed people laying down oftentimes. Oh my god. They would use improper feeding tubes. Like they, in fact, the laying down while feeding was like a thing. Like they were constantly being fed while laying flat on their back. So stupid. Yeah. That is stupid. Nicholas. This is wild how this is, he's like legitimately responding. He's really kind of freaking me out. Yeah. That is stupid. But no, like it's also just fucking like diabolical. It is. You don't need to do that. It's senseless. And it's like how it's cruel is nobody training them to do a better job. Like how to learn feeding procedures. So it would cost money. Yeah, exactly.


Now deaths from neglect and torture were just skyrocketing at this point. There was also punishments, like they would be, you know, thrown into rooms by themselves and left there for days. They would be hit with bats. They would end up with missing teeth. They would be hit with belts. Like, oh my god. Horrible shit. Horrible shit. Mayor Vincent Gray, the director of the DC Department of Human Services at the time. Were there human services at the time? Well he said he was forever haunted by the place and the sites that were seen even from the outside there. So he said the place was inhumane. It was a very negative experience. And he told the Washington, Washington examiner, his most vivid memory of the place was seeing, and this is very upsetting just so everyone knows, was seeing nude residents paraded outdoors to be hosed down by staff members.


Oh my God. Yeah. You have to be demonic to do that. That to somebody you really, you have to be demonic. So Washington Post article, there was a quote in there that said workers here because of frustration and lack of help tend to abuse residents of all of our residents. I'd add some 400 don't belong here. Yeah. That's difficult. It is difficult. It was difficult. That's not frustration or lack of help though. That's lack of humanity. Exactly. You don't, can't claim overstimulation and frustration like control yourself. Right. In many incidents, the facility's contributing to the handicap. So they're saying like a lot of times these people aren't coming in here with any issues. They're, But they are ING issues while they're here.


Medical experiments were happening. They were putting them naked and freezing cold baths. What the fuck? Which often caused the deaths. Some death certificates would say be quiet. Some death certificates would say they died from burns. Oh. Which is awful. Tons of patients were crowded into padded rooms together and left for days with no food. Nowhere to sit, nothing to do. They also used, they utilized like adult ribs. Oh. Where they would strap them in there and they wouldn't be able to leave. That's really sad. It was also a Morgan in the basement obviously, because these places have to have one. That makes sense. Yeah. But this one was like one that they could like expedite, if someone died, they would just rush 'em on down there and scoot 'em out to get buried with no one looking.


Yeah. And they were buried in unmarked graves in a big field. Right. On the property. Mass graves. Like tons. That is so fucked up. Nothing. And it's very creepy now because If you look at like aerial shots of this place, or If you go there, which by the way you can't legally go there. You have to get permission to go there now. It's like a government area and it's patrolled by security guards. Okay. And it's also like highly dangerous. If you watch the Sam Colby video, they literally had to like dodge security guards like don't do that. Yeah. Like, but like they, it's you'll get in big trouble now. Yeah. So I don't wanna send anyone there.


But If you were to get permission to be on these grounds, you would see that there's depressions in the field. That's the cemetery where these people were buried side by side, like hundreds of them. It's difficult. It's so difficult. It's weird. You keep saying that. I know. And they're all like side by side and rows and it's like erosion is happening. So it's starting to show where the graves are. Oh man. Man, it's very spooky. A woman named Tina Simmons from the Laurel Historical Society. She worked in genealogy. She has done a ton of research naming these people, like finding out who these people were. Wow. Good for her. Finding their graves. And she had found 16 individuals that like there's a monument to these people that, that that's good.


Was finally erected. But she found 16 people who are not listed on that monument. What? That like weren't listed. So they don't know who they are there who didn't do the monument. Right. Yeah. Like they're, I have no idea. But she found deaths 'cause she found all these death certificates for these people. These deaths in this institution range from three hours old. So somebody three hours old Oh wow. To 65 years old. What the fuck? And the three hours old ones, they said those are very nefarious because that means somebody either entered in pregnant, which was rare or something happened in there that they became pregnant.


And it's like, that's scary. Yeah. That's like, there was so much sexual abuse in here. If you are looking it up sometimes. This cemetery, this makeshift cemetery is called the district training school cemetery. The first recorded death here, but, and it was recorded according to the Laurel Historical Society was 1928. Okay. So three years after they opened in 1950. This is just an interesting one that I found in a newspaper. Two boys, Arthur Swan, who was 16 years old, and Raymond Thorn, who was 17, escaped from the institution after stealing a rifle from an employee's locker. Damn. They left for a night and then Arthur returned the next day without Raymond.


Huh. The director said he wasn't super concerned when they ran off because especially Arthur was a quote regular absconder. So he would, he would escape a lot. Okay. When Arthur came back, he started teasing and hinting that he quote knew where there was a dead body. Oh. They ignored this for a while. But then they called the authorities finally when he started like really ramping these things up and they were able to locate the murdered body of Raymond Thorn. Oh. Who he had run away with. He had killed him with the rifle, left the rifle on top of him and just like dumped him in the woods. Yeah. Now again, in the early 1550s, Geraldine Griggs, who was a 15-year-old patient at the institution, was paralyzed.


She had gone in paralyzed. She Looked at you. I don't like that. That one wasn't good. No, Nicholas. I didn't like that one. Nicholas, stop it. Take a step back. That one was upsetting. Yeah. This one is horrifying because this, this nurse never really faced charges for this. Oh, what'd she do? She was 15 years old. She was paralyzed. She drowned in a bathtub. So a nurse, Elsie Stanback put her in the tub and then left her alone to take care of another patient. And Geraldine drown. She's paralyzed. You can't leave her in bath. What are you doing? Putting a paralyzed young girl in a tub and leaving her there?


Oh my God. If something happens, she can't move to get herself above the water. That's so sad. What are you doing? This should be pretty common sense. Charges were brought, But they were dropped and she resigned. But like lc girl, that kinda shit was pretty regular in 1970. And this is really awful, just to tell you. A young 8-year-old girl named Joy Evans was sent here because she required 24 hour care and her parents had to work and couldn't provide it. Her mother, Betty said, when she was first sent there, she almost immediately started seeing issues happening. She would find injuries on joy, like chipped teeth to scratches, lacerations, bruises all over her.


Get her out. One horrific thing was that Joy's back, she said was raw because she would be strapped to a rubber sheet and her back was raw from urine burns. Oh. Because they would just leave her there to lay in it. How do you do that to anybody, let alone an 8-year-old. And she, the thing is, her parents couldn't get her out of there because sometimes once you would institutionalize someone they like wouldn't give them back to you. What? Yeah. And also like they still couldn't do the 24 hour care. She died there as a, as a teenager of aspiration. Meaning she was fed improperly lying down and choked to death. That's horrific. Yeah. Betty the mother wrote an affidavit.


Dogwood the cottage where Joy lived was a veritable snake pit. I once witnessed a nurse open the cottage door only defined 80 half clad screaming women come running to the door. The nurse quickly closed it. Chair. Of course say Nicholas. He just said Nicholas again. That's weird. No, that's crazy. That was like two, three weeks ago. That was weird. Did that episode, yeah. That's really weird. So they, she just shut the door on 80 women. Like they all came running towards the door to try to get out and she just closed the door and walked away. Like just like, I'm not dealing with that. Oh my god. Yeah. And a mother later said, once committed to Forrest Haven, the only way out is to die.


Oh, that's chilling. In the mid seventies, this is when the families filed a class action lawsuit against the institution for how they were treating their children and family members. And the lawsuit said Forrest Haven intended as a facility for treatment, education, and training subjects residents to physical or sexual abuse provides virtually no treatment as no training program and neglects basic medical care to say the least. The Department of Justice got involved and more court cases came in, but things just got worse for a bit. The lawsuit stated at one point, staff members locked dozens of residents naked except for adult diapers in rooms stripped of furniture other than wooden benches. Like why You have to be like an actual monster Yeah.


To do that. Like you literally have to find some kind of something out of that. You do. Yeah. Like you really have to be you. That's not even being like, you have to either be entirely detached from humanity. Yeah. Which means you are a monster. Yep. Or you have to find some kind of enjoyment out of it. Yep. Both ends are just the worst kind of person


Guys. It doesn't have to be an all or nothing approach when it comes to making a difference in your financial future. The smallest step forward could make a huge difference. And when you open a chime checking account, you are one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200. Or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Making progress has really never been easier. And If you ever want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees or interest. You can learn more at chime.com/morbid. I just feel like this is so helpful because think of how often you've had to pay an overdraft fee. Think of how quickly they add up. Or think about the amount of times you've been in a situation where you're like, oh crap, I have to pay for this really expensive thing, but I haven't gotten paid yet. That's why my pay is so awesome. Getting up to $500 of your pay before payday and with no mandatory fees or interest. That's amazing. And a chime checking account helps you make progress with fee free. Overdraft up to $200. The next deposit is just applied to your balance. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open your account in two minutes at chime.com/morbid. That's chime.com/morbid. Chime feels like Progress banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank. NA members. FDIC Spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. myPay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limits range 20 to $500 $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


What's something your mom's always wanted to do? Get into painting. Write that novel. Make the perfect qua. Whatever it is this Mother's Day, you can finally help her achieve it. With Masterclass our parents were our first mentors. But who do they look up to? Maybe, I don't know. Gordon Ramsey RuPaul. Who knows? Give the gift of learning to the people who taught you so much with masterclass. Whether you're showing love to your parents or yourself, nothing compares to the gift that can change your life for the better. When I got a masterclass and took the David Baldacci Mystery and Thriller writing class, I learned so much. It is fully bettered my writing experience. And the classes really make a difference. 88% of members feel that masterclass has made a really positive impact on their lives. I use this and you should too. I was trying to figure out how to up my, like the suspense intention in my book. And I took David Baldacci's mystery and thriller writing class and he gave me little tips that really just upped the antsy and I think made certain chapters just really pop our listeners always get great discounts on masterclass of at least 15% off any annual membership at masterclass.com/morbid. See master class's latest deal at least 15% off at masterclass.com/morbid masterclass.com/morbid.


Now as it went into the eighties, there was way more deaths occurring very rapidly in succession and they were really tragic deaths. They would strap, you know, patients to beds and just leave them to die at times. Finally, in 1991, the institution shuttered. Can't believe it was opened that long. Yeah. And it was like during these, like after the lawsuit in the seventies, it was like they slowly started moving patients into different group homes because they, that was their solution was like, we gotta shut this place down, but we can't just like once move everyone out at once. Completely traumatized because there's over a thousand patients in there. Yeah. So they were doing it slowly and it's like at the end there was like 15 residents left in there and they were just being complete.


I mean that would be perfect under normal circumstances 'cause you shouldn't have that many people. Right. But they were being neglected too. Right. Because everything was just like, whatever, let's forget about it Now in the eighties is when the families of those who died funded that like big stone memorial marker that I told you about. Yeah. And it had 391 names of children's and children and adults who died there. Wow. And this area is called the Garden of Eternal Rest now. Oh. If you were to go there now, after getting permission to go there, everything is left behind. I mean, suitcases, toys, clothing. Paperwork, medical devices, equipment.


Oh that's so scary. It's all there. Scary. There are photos of people of kids in the facility. Oh, a ton of shoes. Like baby shoes. Oh, kids shoes, slippers. No high heels, like all kinds of shoes. No, it's very stressful. Again, it is patrol by guards apparently. It's all very dense woods around it. You have to do like hiking through it and then you just like come upon it like everyone says. It's like all woods. All woods. All woods. And then you like come to this point where it just appears like it's like a jump scare. That's scary. Yeah. That is scary. Yes. Now of course with a history like this, it's gonna have hauntings. Yeah. I mean, yeah.


I mean it's, and you rife with hauntings. It is. There's a, there's crazy, I mean you're, you go in here supposedly a lot of people here screaming and groaning like people, like people say legit people crying and begging for help out of rooms. And when they go and this place is completely experiment. What the fuck? That's crazy. Crazy. That's literally, yeah. What was happening because of these, they would do medical experiments on these people. Yeah. And they're all, and that's why they were screaming. You can hear that shit. People hear gurneys being pushed down the wall like the squeaking of gurneys. Something about, I literally out goosebumps from that. Ugh. Yep. People, people often hear the, the morgue door 'cause the morgues in the basement obviously.


Right. They hear the morgue door slam. Oh. And when they like no one else is in there. Just residual hauntings. Yeah. And they, one of the things people really talk about is just the intense feeling of dread. Dread in that place. People say it's like sadness is something you can touch in there. I believe it. Like it is so depressing in this place. Like sadness has permeated every part of this place. Not the kind of place I would wanna investigate. It looks scary. I want now I wanna like hear from people who have investigated this. People I wanna talk to, you know, we gotta talk to Sam Colby. Yeah. I wanna know like what the feeling was here. Now a lot of people report feeling someone with very cold hands grab them. Ooh. Or just touch them in the hallways. Which also like, you always think of like doctors having cold hands.


Yes. Like that's like a thing. Yes. And it just makes me think of like doctors and cold hands. I don't like it. I don't like that there's a clinical smell like a, that makes sense. Antiseptic kind of smell that will sometimes happen. Like a hospital. Yeah. Like a very hospital type smell. Or that like musty hospital smell. You know, like Yeah. Umps from this place go crazy. I bet. I mean it's like they're, you look them up. Go ahead to look on YouTube and all that. There's tons of EVPs. Charm. City Paranormal is one in particular. They did a really good, I've never, I haven't like watched any of the other videos so I know nothing about them. But I do know this one video I watched was very well put together And they did like a very deep dive on the history and stuff, which makes me think that they like really care about these places they go to.


Yeah, of course. So they visited this place and when they were there they caught like crazy EVPs and they were like voices when they'd walk through hallways of things. Like, one was, I wanted you to find me Michael. Oh. And one of them was, please take John. Oh. Which makes me think of like somebody bringing their family member in and saying like, please take him. Yeah. Which like, oh, like I just got full chills from that. Yeah. But Nicholas, I don't know what you think but that, that freaked me out. And it's, I've, I highly recommend looking up those kind of like investigations that people have done here. Yeah. Look up the Sam and Kby one and look up the charm city Paranormal one.


Those are the ones I I took a peek at. Damn. But yeah, it's a wild just knowing that there is a makeshift graveyard mass grave on site that they have proven like it is 100% there. This is not like rumor, this isn't one of those things that they're like, they think there's bodies. Nope. They know there's bodies there. They're all listed out and on the the marker, they are listed in the order of when they died and they're listed in the order of where they are buried. How do they know They were able to go through and I guess they had like, some of them have markers but they're like buried in the ground and they're just like a, a little marker with like a number on it.


Okay. Or like an initial or something. Don't leave me. Oh, he said don't leave me. He said don't leave me. Aw. Yeah. Nicholas. I was just thinking it's sad that they had to stay there. Like it's sad that they couldn't, obviously there's way too many bodies to Yeah. Exhume and that's like a whole Oh it's awful though. A whole thing. But it's awful to think about. It's just sad that they're stuck there. Yeah. Forever. Like that's their resting place is this awful nightmare. And it, our house, like the building where all that stuff happened to them is right there. Yeah. It makes me wanna cry. It is. It's awful. It's very sad. I know. I'm sorry. It was just, it was one of those that I looked at and I was like, I have to tell this story. It's fascinating because this is a horrific story and it's one that I'd never heard of. Thank goodness it closed.


Fuck that place. Yeah, it, it closed 1991. It was officially closed. It opened for like 70 years. Yeah. And it's, it's really sad to think about like the people's intention who got together and created and wanted created, wanted to make that a great place and like had the the baseball games. Yeah. And had, you know, let's, let's teach people how to farm and get back to the community. Like it started with such pure intentions. That's the thing. It seemed like they really wanted that place to be like a place where people could thrive and get better. It just shows you when you take away funding from things that matter. Yeah. Things got real fucked up. It's true. It is so sad. Ugh. I hate that. But yeah, that is Forest Haven asylum. Damn. Well I'm taking us back to Massachusetts.


Cool. Bring us here. We're going to Lester. Lester. Lester. In Lester Mass there is a Quaker cemetery that dates all the way back to the 17 hundreds. Whoa. Officially the cemetery is known as Friend Cemetery and still to this day it's actually run by the local Quaker community who are now called Worcester friends meeting Worcester Wcea. But too many, it's better known as Spider Gates Cemetery. I knew, I've heard of this one. Spider Gates Cemetery. And it's said not only to be haunted as fuck, but also to be the eighth to Hill. Oh shit. Ghost to Haes.


Apparently the other seven are at various locations spread throughout the country. I don't know where they are. Oh, I wanna know where that is. But this here cemetery is kind of like the final boss. Oh shit. Yeah. Once you're, once you get to this one eighth, boom. Hell, you're on your way. Yeah. I don't understand. Yeah. Why you would want that. Yeah. I don't know. Right. That's, I mean, yeah, I mean maybe like shit's tough. You're curious. Yeah. You know. Well first things first, the cemetery got its nickname Spider gates, If you can imagine from its gates. From the gates. Yes. The design that repeats through each panel was actually designed to be sun ray done in kind of like an art deco style.


But people think that they look like spiders more than anything else. And I kind of agree If you look up a picture. Yeah. Yeah, I think so too. Unfortunately though, the original gates aren't actually even there anymore because they got stolen. Oh shit. Which is fake as fuck. Who would steal those? Me? No, I would, I would, I don't steal things but like I don't want those, I don't want those. They're gorge. They are, but like, but don't steal. They're a cemetery gate. Exactly. Towel ground. That's how it go. You know, that's fucked up. You don't steal from them. Yeah. You can't do that. Well, and the thing that sucks even more is that when they got replaced, people vandalized them and graffitied them so often. Oh. That the Leicester Historical Society said, okay fine, you don't get them anymore. And now they're safely storing the gates.


Oh. They had them removed in, I think it was back in 2022. I was just gonna say it was, it must have been recent because it was Yeah. But they've been working out a plan on how to properly display the gates somewhere else most likely. Oh, nice. As they should. Yeah. So they're working on something like a big project right now that's supposed to be done in spring of this year. And then I think that's their next project is okay. Figuring out the gates, figuring out those fucking gates. Just in case you were worried. But anyway, I was worried when you first walk into the cemetery, this is really sad. There's an oak tree off to the side and legend has it that a young boy hanged himself on that tree back in the forties. Ooh. And for a while people said that If you visited the cemetery you would still see a line of rope hanging from the tree.


Oh. Which is like fucked. But that's chilling. People who have visited recently say they don't see the rope anymore. Okay. But people do claim to hear voices in that particular area and see shadows. Damn. Yeah. That's scary. Now in the center there's a whole section. You're welcome. You said that's scary, Nicholas said You are welcome. Thanks bro. In the center there's a whole section of land that just never grows grass. Oh. Those are always the scary things. Like, like what? What the fuck's up there Kyle? Why? Why Kyle? What's going on? Well apparently the old Quaker meeting house used to stand on this exact area. Ooh. Which is interesting. But now it's just surrounded by four posts made from stone and like a ton of large trees.


Oh. Which like, maybe it has something to do with the trees. Like, nah, blocking the sun. I don't, I think it's, I don't think so. I think it's pretty fucking scary. I think that's scary. Plenty of places have trees that are blocking. It's true. And they still grow grass. It's true. This place, not so much. Not so much. But like I said, people call it the altar and they say it's a place where some seriously nefarious people have come throughout the years to perform satanic sacrifices and rituals daily. You know, my personal favorite legend connected to this cemetery is that of Marma Duke Earl. Oh, let's go. Which I'm probably gonna name my future child. Let's go Mr. Earl.


If you Nasty was buried all the way back in 1839. Damn. Legend has it that If you find his grave at midnight on the dot, circle it 10 times, then say aloud. Mama Duke, speak to me. And then you press your ear to his tombstone. He will speak to you. Oh no. I don't know what he says because every account I, I saw they said they didn't hear anything, but people have said they have. But they won't say what Marma Duke told them. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie I that. I wanna know what he has to say. I do as well. I desperately want to know what he has to say. Well, you're not a lone girlfriend because people do this so often that the area around his grave also has no grass.


Yeah. 'cause it's just like trampled down. Yeah. It's literally trampled down. Damn. There's also a river on the property. Ooh. That a lot of people think is the river sticks. Of course, of course. Of course. That river comes from Greek pathology. If you didn't know, and actually it's very interesting. Oh, I love this like tail. It's cool. Yeah. Sticks is not just a river but a goddess. Yeah. Gets you a girl who could do both be a river and a goddess. Hello. She was the daughter of Ocean Oceanus and was said to be given one 10th of his water and that water became a portal to hill to to hide. So that river being on this property pretty much lends itself to the fact that people think it's a portal or hell yeah.


Give to hell. Let's go river stick and see what you did there. Hell yeah. It's fucking metal.


If you were fixing your bra straps, fussing with digging wires or just battling your bra during this podcast, stop right now. You're gonna wanna hear this. Those bra problems, problems, If you will, that you thought you had to live with. Eh ThirdLove has solved them. They take the frustration out of bra shopping and make it easy to get what you want. Whether it's ultimate cleavage, a smooth look, or stopping your shirt buttons from pulling. They also feel amazing too. With a perfect fit in over 60 sizes, including half cups you won't find anywhere else. So you're never stuck between two sizes that don't fit. I actually found a third love bra in my drawer the other day that still had the tags on it. And it felt like Christmas morning to me because these bras are so freaking comfortable. I had somewhere to go. I had to wear a real bra and I said, oh my God. Wow. Who's watching over me right now in this moment? Because I feel blessed. Real women test every style before it's given the green light and their bras don't just look great. They're made from top quality materials for comfort and support, whether you're a double a cup or an HC cup. So stop settling for bad bras. Now is the time to treat yourself and get your problem solved. Save $15 on your first order with code podcast fifteen@thirdlove.com.


A lot of people who visit Spider Gate Cemetery will leave coins in or near the river to pay another figure from Greek mythology Karon who? It's like kind of Faron if you're nasty as well. Hell yeah. He's the ferryman. Yeah. I love that tale. I think Greek mythology is cool. Greek mythology is super cool. It's really interesting. We spent a lot of time on it in like seventh grade and I remember just getting like interested as book. Yeah, it's fascinating. It is. But so he's the fairman who will guide you to hell, but only If you give him a coin. He does not guide for free. No way. And If you show up with the intention of heading to hell and you don't have pavement, I don't recommend that personally. No. Because they say that If you do that to the Ferryman, he will fuck you up and you will have to wander around the river, the shore river, the river, the shore of the river.


All of it. I'm a fucked up right now. Yeah. For over. You didn't bring up a coin for over a hundred years. No, just wandering the shore of the river and the river shore. Oh no, the shore river. No, that's, I mean, I don't blame him because it's like he provides a service that you cannot provide yourself. Yeah. And it's not like you can, so don't expect him to do it for free. He can't contact a local lawyer. Yeah. So it's like, come on. I just wanna say it's a little bit fake that Nicholas was like commenting a lot on your story, but not on mine. I'm telling you. We are. We have a connection. Yeah. I just wanted you to know that Nicholas. Okay. I'm feeling a little bit left out. Are you sure you turned it back on Nicholas? Do you like me better?


Oh honey. Put 'em up. Anyways. A woman named April spoke with the Worcester Telegram and Gazette about an experience she had while poking around the cemetery. And she told them, I would definitely say the feel of the cemetery and surrounding area was spookier in the evening compared with midday, of course April. I mean, yeah. She said maybe it was because that time it was just my daughter and me alone. Maybe it was the failing light. Lots of sounds in the woods. Both of us thought we saw another cemetery, another cemetery area down the path that leads to the river. But we didn't go down there the next day. We did walk the path and there was no second cemetery, only a path and a river. I later read some lore for spider gates that says you will see a second cemetery once, but never again.


Oh, that's cool. Isn't that fucking rad love? And that is love that something that is reported on a lot. Really. A ton of people say they go, they will see like another cemetery in the distance, but it's hard to get to. And then they'll go back to be like, oh my God, no. I like, I'm telling you, I saw that this is where it was and it's not there. Oh, that's cool. I love that. I wonder what the significance of that is. I think it's just like hellacious. It's just shenanigans. Yeah. It's just fun. It's just hellish cena shenanigans. You know? It's just like Hades being Hades. Yeah. She also said that the second day they went back, 'cause I think she went back to be like, am I gonna see this again? Yeah. And when they were by the river she said she swore she heard a woman's voice.


Ooh. Which is another thing that's reported on a lot. A lot of people say that they hear a woman's voice and I couldn't mind anything to substantiate this. It's really sad though. People say that a woman was murdered in a cave nearby and dismembered. Oh shit. Like way back when. But again, couldn't find anything on it. Okay. But people do hear a woman screaming a lot. Damn. When they visit here. That's scary. Yeah. And then honorable mention goes to the mysterious rock formations that people will see with ruins on them. That is so Massachusetts, I can't even stand it. We love a rock wall. We love stones here. Stones. We just love rocks. Do you know that? I was literally thinking about putting a stonewall up in my like home.


Like in my yard. Yeah. As you should. Yeah. Stones are our thing in. I like stones. It also affects the idiotic. Did he just say idiotic? I He sure does. I will not have this. I will not have this. He said that stupidest thought. He doesn't like stones. Okay. He didn't like your idea. No, he doesn't like stones. Listen, I'm not gonna be bullied in my help. Yeah, you're gonna need it. So Nicholas, I'm on your side. No, but STOs fuck up. Like isn't it like the radon levels or something like that? Isn't that why the radon levels are so high in like Massachusetts? Yeah. 'cause we have like a lot of stone in the ground.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Stones. Stones. Honorable mention also goes to the white ooze that visitors have seen emerging from random spots in the earth. I don't like that in the cemetery. I don't like that. It's pretty gross. Yeah. And of course the demon creature said to be living in the surrounding forest. The failure. Yeah. Turn him off turn. Why am I being bullied? Like let's just call me a failure. He foolish it during years. He literally has. Why are you being so mean to ash? 'cause fighting mean to me. Nicholas. Don't be mean to ash. Okay. That won't, that won't work. I won't endear you to Elena. Yeah. And I'm also gonna have to like revisit this in therapy. Okay.


But anyway, don't make fun of anything when I say this, Nicholas, because this is a listener tale that I found from one of our good ass precious listeners. Nicholas. Oh man, Nicholas. So one of our listeners went here and had some crazy experiences. Oh girl. Okay. It says, Hey weirdos. I'm so in love with your podcast. My name is Dee. You can use it. Thanks Dee. Hey Dee. I'm a true crime enthusiast and I have to say, out of all the Podcasts I've listened to, yours is by far the best. Oh, thanks. Thank you. You're beautiful. Dee says, and I'm saying that with my whole chest ass tits. Everything. Thank you. I'm a fellow asshole. Yeah, and I feel so connected when y'all talk about spooky references or locations in mass.


However, there is one place I haven't heard you mention yet until now. I'm still catching up on the pod, so If you have, please forgive me, you're forgiven. Spider Gate Cemetery was built in the 17 hundreds, also known as the eighth gate to hell. This place is known to be haunted and has super weird happenings. She shared some spooky facts, but I already told them. So let me get to the story. Dee says, I am a full out, spooky bitch all year round. Oh yeah. I absolutely love fall. Yes. Halloween and supernatural phenomena. I love you, Dee. We love you. I've run into some demons back in my day, but that's a story for another time. I feel you. What a casual sentence. Haven't we all? So, yeah. So here we go. I'm in my single hoe face because a literal garbage human did me dirty.


Oh, fuck that. I found nudes of another girl on his Nintendo ds. Shut the fuck up. You dodged a motherfucking bullet, my friend. Solid, solid, solid, solid. That's a beep. See, Nicholas is like, yep. Yep. I agree with you, Nicholas. Yes. You read that, right? Pick stop. I am getting angry. I am getting angry. Nicholas, you can't make this shit up. He's, he's being so mean. You're friends with a bully. Your Poltergeist man's is a bully. Aw, all right. Yes. You read that, right? I think Nicholas is having a bad day. Maybe. No, maybe he meant stop.


Like thats crazy. Like she found dudes on a ds. That's nuts. Yes. He read that, right? Yeah. Pixelated pictures of a girl's bare ass. On a fucking Ds. Damn. A grown ass man. So, yeah. Wow. I was done trying to find love, and I hopped on Tinder. What can I say? I was having a moment. That's where I met my date. We were supposed to be a hookup, but eventually my hopeless romantic tendencies started to creep up. But I fell for this guy and the voice of that GTA character. Oh shit. Here we go again. I don't know that guy's voice. I'm sorry. At this point, we've been dating for about a month and he knows how much I love spooky shit. So he suggested we have a date at night in Spider Gate Cemetery. Wow. That's a keeper. I know. I hope he was good to you. Oh, just wait. Okay. Y'all are probably thinking, you dumb bitch.


You just met this guy and you're letting him take you to a cemetery in the woods. Wrong. Meanwhile, I'm like, nailed it. E is like, you should have gone. Looking back, I realized how dangerous that was. I mean, yes, but at the end of the story, it will make it all. All okay. I promise. Okay. I didn't know much about spider gates. Only that it was a haunted cemetery, but of course I agreed to go there as any spooky bitch would. Hell yeah. Keep in mind, it's super dark outside. 1:00 AM Oh damn. The only light came from the moon. We arrive at the trail that leads to spider gates. I had to use a flashlight on my phone to see where we were stepping. We eventually reached the gates, and as soon as I saw them, I got goosebumps. Goosebumps. My date, opens them and gestures for me to walk in. It seems like the moonshine, the brightest within the field of tombstones.


Then he walked in and shut the gate behind him and told me, you have to make sure the gates are closed when you enter and when you leave, so that the spirits don't escape. Oh, girls. I love that. He knew that. Yeah. He's just out here spitting knowledge about the cemetery. He is like, just so you know, he said, from one spooky bitch to another. Yeah. He said, contain them. Yeah. D said, girls, I could feel poop knocking on the back door. I was so fucking scared. We both walked together toward the center of the cemetery where the grass seemed to stop growing. Ooh. The altar. It was dead quiet. I could feel the wind blowing, but I didn't hear trees rustling. Even as we walked, I could not hear our footsteps. It was such a strange feeling. Hmm. We stood in the center and looked up at the moon and stars not gonna lie.


That shit was scary as fuck, but also super romantic at the time. Yeah. We stood in the quiet. Please go. What did he say? Please go. Please go. He doesn't want them to get hurt. He's like, leave. Yeah. We stood in the quiet embrace for what seemed like an hour. As I was hugging him, I looked over his shoulder to the tree line and I saw it, a foggy mist lingering among the trees resembling a human form. Oh, a bitch has astigmatism. So I didn't wanna react right away. Me too. I don't. I closed my eyes and opened them again and the mist was gone. I brushed it off considering I can't read the license plate of a car that's in front of me when I'm sitting in traffic. We let go of each other and started walking around to, to look at the tombstones. My date is now on the other side of the cemetery exploring, and as I bent down to read a name, I felt a hand go across my lower back softly.


Oh. I jumped up expecting to see my date, but he was still on the other side. Oh, literally. Goodbye. Honestly, same goodbye. A shiver went down my back through my crack and around the corner. I had never in my life been touched by a spirit, and it was the most natural, yet unnatural feeling ever. That's when I ran over to my date and told him what happened with the mist and with the touch. He was so amused while I was just shitting myself. So we took one last walk around the tombstones and decided it was time to leave. As we were heading toward the exit, I heard a scream coming from the forest. Oh. From what sounded like a little girl. I looked at my date with eyes popping outta my head and said, did you fucking hear that?


And he looked at me dead in my eyes and chuckles saying, stop trying to scare me. It's not gonna work. Oh. She said, I swear on my life. I just heard a girl scream. He got serious and promised me that he didn't hear it. Though we both agreed it must have been some kind of spirit. If we had both heard it, I would've called the police, obviously, because a girl screaming in the woods is cause for concern. Yeah. As we left, I made sure those damn gates were shut. Yep. I said a small prayer to the, so that the spirits wouldn't stick to me, and we were out five years later. My date is now my husband. Oh, I knew it. I, I felt that in, knew it. My bones. I knew it 'cause I read it, but I just knew it. Oh, I just knew it. It was beautiful. I got pregnant on our honeymoon and my due date is December, 2022.


Oh, so this was written like a while ago. Oh my goodness. So, congratulations. Congratulations to this day. I talk about that experience with my husband and he still laughs at how freaked out I got, but it's okay. I get him back with my constant jump scares and by hiding his video game controller. Hope y'all enjoyed my story. I love it. DD damn does Spider Gate Cemetery. I wanna go to Spider Gate Cemetery. I do too, because I, we gotta make a trip to talk to Marma. Do girl. Yeah. I need to and I need to hear what he has to say to me. I do too. I gotta know, and I don't think I'll pay the furry man because I'm not trying to go to hell. I'm not trying to go to hell right now. Right now. She says right now, she just wanted to clarify clarifying. Iconic.


Well, thanks Nicholas, for joining us, period. Thanks, Elena's friend, Nicholas. Thanks, Nicholas. Do you have anything? Any last comments that you wanna leave? Leave everybody with. Nicholas, do you have anything nice to say? Understand, understand, understand. Do you understand that I'm mad at you. I do not understand. Do you have anything else you wanna say? No. Okay. All right. We love you Nicholas. Elena loves you. I love you. I tolerate you. Oh, wow. You speak really mean to me. Mikey's face was like, whoop, I'm, I'm happy that he's here.


Was, it was a, you had a rough day. I'm tolerant. You know it was your first fight too. It was. Yeah. You know, it was, it went a little deeper. Yeah. Anyway, thanks for listening. We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you get bullied by a paranormal ghost. Thanks. Bye. Love you. Nicholas Static. Lisa Static. Sta Stan. Does that mean static? It's a Nicholas Stannick. Bad. What was bad? Tell me more, Nicholas, what is, who's bad or what's bad? Are you done telling us?


Okay. Alright.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police Officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I have Nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just Want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen The Retrial, exclusively an ad free on Wondery Plus.