
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava Hands down The. best thing I found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics. In other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. If, you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut, acai, Coconut. acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours. And two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Welcome to Scam Town. It's a place where the true crime is stranger than fiction. And the stories are filled with quirks and moral ambiguity from James Lee Hernandez and Brian lte. The filmmakers behind MCM Millions and the big con scam town takes you through stories ranging from the strange to the unbelievable wild scams. Surprising heists, forbidden love, and massive explosions are just a little taste of what's in store. Scam Town is an Apple original podcast produced by Fun meter. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


Hey weirdos. I'm Melina. I'm Ash. And this Is Morbid, The winds was the ship. The put to sea in the name of the ship was the Billy ot. The winds blew harder. B Dip Blow. Bully Blow. Soon, may the weatherman come bring us tea from one day when the is done, take, leave and go. How do you guys feel about double spaced documents? Ash has a lot of thoughts about it. Well, I just double spaced my document and then I was like, Hmm, that might be a little too much. So then, but then don't you ask people to double space their putus. It's wild that you just call me out like that on a national podcast, but okay.


I didn't call you out. You say it. No, I do. You know, and people do it and they do. And. I appreciate it. So that's No. Okay. Good point though, because Thank you. You're welcome. On P, we're like real punchy Today we are on PDFs. It looks good. But I was just in the Google Docs, if you will, in the Google. And a double space is like, alright, jarring. It's almost insulting. I'm not that blind. Yeah, it's it, it insists upon itself. Yeah. You know, I'm not old. I'm not old I mean Do we drink carbonated sparkling water? Yeah. Not around here, but not that old. I took two sips of that shit. And I said, well, you know what's exciting?


What? Why'd you look up when you said that? It dimmed a little bit again. I thought the the sun had sneezed and blinked again. Oh, that did happen earlier today. A few days. A few days ago. No mama. That happened 10 minutes ago. You got sis. Man, I need more coffee. That happened several years ago. Hey Elena. I've been in this room for several years. That's like when I say something happened, the other 10, and it could be anytime between like an ago ago. And. two decades ago. Yep. Yep. No, it was only a couple minutes ago. The light, the sun seemed to have blinked real quick.


Sneezed. Which was disconcerting. Yeah. But we're all here still right now. At least. That's okay. And what's exciting is we're talking about a spooky lighthouse. Guys. Two, in fact, two Spooky Lighthouses. We're doing a spooky episode because we I mean Come on. It's, we have done, it's been a long time and it's almost the bur months. I am wearing a Halloween sweatshirt right now in full preparation. Shut up actually. Who By the time you hear this, will it be bur? Will it be bur? Will it be s no, we're not that far, are we? No, we're not that far. Are we? Maybe, who knows? I don know. We could be. So maybe it's the Bur months. And if so, welcome to the bur months. Hope my friends hope it's, and if it's not, get fucking excited.


I do like your sweatshirt. Where's that from? Thank you. American Eagle actually. Is it really? Yeah. Everybody I'll post it 'cause it's very comfortable. Wow. It looked, it's like a, A good slouch. Very slouchy. Very comfy. I actually saw Mikayla on TikTok go to Patto she said. And she said, I got this at American Eagle. And. I said, holy shit. That's really cute. And I. She influenced me. Shop. Shop. Make it shop. She, I love, I love her so much. Mikayla be our friend. We. And this is day 200 of saying, Mikayla be our friend. She's like, okay Stan, please leave me alone. You're weird. Gross. But, but yeah, she influenced me. And let me tell you, it's cute. She wasn't kidding.


I like ya. I'll post it on my Instagram. Do so So you guys can find it easily. Gotta shop my, I don't, yeah, absolutely. There you go. What? That We'll talk later. But yeah, it's time for some spooky. We haven't done it in a long time. Yeah. And these are just like, they're just kind of a they, they get me so ready for the spooky season because it's like the haunted aspect. But there's also a lot of true crime in here. Oh yeah. Mine has a murder. Yours has a murder. Mine also has a murder. Yeah. That was confused as like a suicide, but when you hear it, you're gonna be like, why would they even think that mine was really senseless. Yeah. As they usually are. Yeah. Typically. But I, I'll start with mine.


Oh, okay. I'm gonna start with mine. Oh, alright. Okay. It's me. That's first. Mimi, I'm first. Oh no. My fancy ice is not available on Instacart. What you guys know those ice thing balls. The big balls of ice. Yeah. I just really like those. I'll bring you my molds. Thanks. You're welcome. I appreciate that they're of them. I have an ice maker in my fridge now. It's a luxury. I never knew. Yeah. And now I know it. I just, I really like those big ones. 'cause they take forever to melt. Mm. And then if I want like an ice cold Coca-Cola, then it doesn't get wadded down. This is unimportant. But I have to know. Do you drink other beverages in your Stanley? Other than water?


No. Me either. Never. Me either. 'cause I feel it would taint it. I do have several, so I could like delegate one now to, you know, I only have one Stanley And I only drink water in it. It's crazy that you only have one. I gotta get you another one. Yeah. But I feel like an ice cold beverage in your Stanley Cup. Like would the ice in it would be the equivalent to like when you get a McDonald's? Oh, I bet it would slap. So my lighthouse today is the Cape Romaine Lighthouse in South Carolina. Okay, cool. This is a very, it's in McClellanville, South Carolina. I like how you say that. McClellan. So in the spot where the slice lighthouse is today.


And they're like abandoned now, I believe. Ooh. I think people took care of them. But like they're, they're on a pretty lonely part of the island and everything. They're just really by themselves. Oh, that's sad. Now where the lighthouse is today, there used to be a windmill. Okay. A lot of ships back in the day in the 18 hundreds would mistake this windmill for the Charleston Lighthouse, which was another port. Oh no. And they would end up tragically crashing because the waters are crazy treacherous off of this island where like the raccoon keys in Cape Roma are, there were a number of fatal accidents because of this. And people said that they probably, 'cause at first you're like, they confused a windmill for it. Like they have blades. Mm.


But when it got like windy and shit, they would take the blades off of the windmill. So it looked like a lighthouse. Like the tower looked just like one, well, And I, guess if they're going fast enough, you might miss 'em. And it's dark. Yeah. And it's dark, foggy. Easy to get confused. Yeah. We're not sailors. We don't know. We're not, I'm not claiming to be maritime at all. So, you know, who am I? Who am I to say not? Not maritime out here. Oh, not maritime is not going maritime. I'm not nautical. So the Spanish schooner, the diamond or the diamante crashed there in 1816. And there was a loss of 21 lives. Oh wow. In this crash.


And after this incident, the National Advocate paper in New York City wrote quote, several vessels have been wrecked and many accidents happen from mistaking the windmill on Cape Romae for the Charleston Light. The loss of the diamond from Hava Havana is attributed to that cause. The safety of vessels and security of persons and property renders it necessary that something should be done to prevent accidents of like nature. It would be well to take down the windmill or erect a lighthouse. We think. However, if the windmill is removed, it would answer the purpose at present. The similarity between the Charleston light and the windmill is the case of many unfortunate casualties. That was only one crash.


Wow. It just happened to be a very big one. Many happened because of this. Now that was in 1816, that that crash happened in 1817. A man named Edmund Blunt wrote in some outlet, I'm not exactly sure where he wrote. We will also give a hint to the owner of the windmill on Cape Romaine, which has deceived many navigators and caused a destruction of their vessels. And remind him that that as there is a curse denounced against him, who removeth his neighbor's landmark, we presume and hope a double curse will be his who willfully holds out a false beacon to the Mariner when approaching the coast. Oh. Thems is fighting words like, like Damn.


So that sounds like the guy who owned the windmill was like, fuck you, don't touch my windmill. Yeah. And that guy was like, fuck you. We're not gonna touch your windmill. We're just gonna re-up and double your curse. We're gonna double back. 'cause he was like, I curse the man who fuck if with my landmark. Yeah. And they were like, okay, we curse at you back. We double curse the man who fuck if with the mariners trying to navigate out there No. Takes these backies. Yeah. So someone actually made up a poem about it and they referred to it as a murderous beacon. Whoa. In the poem, which is a hefty indictment. That's a slander if you will. I would say so. So at the end of 1821, shit was getting intense and the pressure was getting pretty thick with all these people crashing and dying and all these tragedies happening.


Yeah. So the South Carolina government was like, wow, we should probably fix this because it does kinda look like a lighthouse in the fog in the dark. Which, and she said, now that you mention it, you know what you are. Right. Fun side fact for all my Bravo kids out there. Oh me, does everybody? All right. These are from my southern charm watchers. Okay. Okay. Does everyone remember John Pringle? Yes. From, was he only on like one season or something? Yes. Of southern charm. The season before last. There you go. So John Pringle came on. We were all like, who is this? I found what I assumed to be his ancestor in this story. Yeah. 'cause he has deep roots in South Carolina. Yeah.


James Pringle of Charleston, shut the fuck up. He was appointed as one of the commission commissioners on this task to like fix this problem. I'm obsessed. And so I thought that was kind of funny. And although their initial resolution was very Pringle of them, actually Mm. They, they just proposed putting a mark on the windmill. Like across as if people are gonna see that in the fucking distance. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Like what? That was very don don't know. That was pretty Pringle ish. That's to me it felt like, I don't know. John Pringle was an interesting vibe. Yeah. So obviously that wasn't a brilliant plan. So they agreed to build a lighthouse to actually aid in navigation.


I love that. They were like symbol. Yeah. No. Okay. Lighthouse. Yeah. At first they were just like, let's just like slap across on it and it's like, that's not gonna help. And they're like, all right, fair enough. They were like, I guess we'll build a whole lighthouse. And it's like, wow. So you could have done that. They were like, what if we spend $20? Yeah. Instead of $20,000. I was like, yeah, but see we finally got there. Yeah. So they planned to erect it on Raccoon Key. 'cause the other place, I think like the, the other side of the place where they wanted to do it was like the tide was too crazy. It would end up like eroding where it was. Oh. And then there's no point. So in March, 1827, they build one, they build the lighthouse 65 feet high. Damn. And it's made of brick.


They also build a Keeper's residence on the, on the area Of course. But apparently the lighthouse wasn't great because it wasn't that tall when it comes to like lighthouses at sea and like being at sea level and seeing it. It was kind of like when you look at it now you're like, mom, that was a little puny. Oh that's funny. Mine is 66 feet tall. Yeah. This one was like pretty puny when it comes to like the sea level that we are at here. Like what? I think like it wasn't able to be seen very well. And I. Think part of that was also that Mariners were complaining a lot that the light was super dim. Oh. And it would be super bright for a little while and then as the night went on it would kind of burn. So they were like, this is a little janky.


They were like, Hey, this isn't exactly what we were looking for. Yeah. Like this actually is like less helpful. Close but no cigar. So that was in, no, that was in 1827. Okay.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases plus thousands of included audiobooks and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen If you know me, you know that I recently just got into the fantasy genre. And I have been listening to the Spell shop. It's the titles written by Sarah Beth Durst and it's narrated by Kaitlyn Davies. I totally recommend this one. It's so whimsical. If you need a little escape, this is a title you're gonna wanna listen to. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500. 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I feel like kids are always learning and growing obviously, but as adults we sometimes lose that curiosity. What's something you wanna learn? Gardening. A new language. Maybe. How to finally beat your best friend in bowling. I recently took up learning how to do sourdough therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. I feel like I'm experiencing my back to school era right now, learning this sourdough process. It's pretty crazy. And I feel like therapy taught me that. I kinda wanted to like dive deeper into some of my interests that I've been holding onto for a while. And I. Feel like you could learn that in therapy too. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. Switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. No big deal. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/ Morbid


In 1852. They're like, so Wow. All right. We'll fix it. Like 1852. No, that makes sense. I have similar shit go on with me. Yeah. Like what? With me and my lighthouse, with me and my life and my lighthouse. It's always this way. But they finally were like, all right, we'll fix it. So they go to fix it because they got like some grant or something that said like, you can fix up this lighthouse and make it usable. But then when they tried to, they were like, we actually can't fix this one up. Oh no. They tear it down so well and then they were like, okay, we'll build another one. So they were like, leave the other one up while we build this one. Then normally when this happens they tear the other one down. Yeah. But they didn't in this instance. Both of them are still standing. That's interesting.


And they're right next to each other. Huh? So they go to another two for one. One. Yeah. There you go. And this one's taller. They also used slave labor on this one. So already we have some not great vibes and not great energy already happening on this area. Yeah. I don't love that. Yeah. And it's, that's something that in every source you'll read or see is very like specifically they make sure you know that because I think like, oh they should, the shit that goes down here, you're like, oh, there's some bad energy here already vibes from the start. And this one is 150 feet high. Holy shit. And even crazier Stop.


It leans slightly. It's like the leaning tower of pizza. I was just going to say that. It's like slightly Also you can have fun with photos. I bet. Yeah. Just pretend you're holding it up. Yeah. So you know, it's fine. It's cool. It can lean. That's okay. They've had to fix it up a few times. I be over the years to make sure it's not leaning to like a dangerous place. Yeah. But it's still leaning. And that brings us, so that's the, you know, what a beginning What a beginning to the structure. Yeah. And let me tell you, doesn't get better. Sounded pretty crazy happened there. So Tuesday, April 8th, 1873 at 5:00 PM Captain Andrew Johnson, which might be Joe Hansen, but maybe was changed to Johnson 'cause he was from Norway.


Oh, okay. He was married to a woman from Sweden. She's not named in any source that you can find. She's only Mrs. Johnson or Mrs. Andrew Johnson. That's fucked up. Yeah. She had a name. I know she sure did, but we don't know it now. At 5:00 PM Captain Andrew Johnson, he was the lighthouse keeper. He left his home, the residence on the area and went on his way to light the lighthouse lamp and to do his normal like, you know, lighthouse keeper business. Yeah. As one. Does he? Exactly. He'd been the keeper for about six years at this point and had an annual salary of $700. Huh? Yeah. and he was, he was gone for a while because it's not an easy job being a, a lighthouse keeper.


And his wife was back at the residence again. They're right next to each other, but like he's not in the house. Yeah. And the keeper said his wife was in good spirits and seemed completely fine when he left her, nothing was amiss. Okay. He saw her around 6:00 PM outside tending to chores around the house. and he spotted her from where he was standing high above her. He was out on the gallery, which is like that balcony that surrounds the light. Yep. and he, she waved at him. He waved at her and she went back inside the house. He looked at Her and she looked at Him. That's literally what happened then. So Julius l Lee who was the assistant lighthouse keeper, he also lived on the property.


That's usually how it went. Like the keeper. Yeah. Keeper would lived there and the assistant. and he stated a bit after the events that are about to take place that Mrs. Johnson came over to his residence at one point and had just like hung out with him and his wife for a little bit. Like sat down and talked. Yeah. And they reported later that she was also in great spirits. Like they didn't, they didn't see anything amiss either. She wasn't upset, she wasn't, you know, this is important to note. Yeah. And so Captain Johnson stayed on his shift at the lighthouse until about 9:00 PM and then he was relieved by Julius l Lee. The assistant got it after. Only about he claimed. So Julius Lee said it was about five or six minutes after he saw him go into his house.


Captain Johnson ran out of his home screaming that his wife was dead. She had killed herself. Oh God. So he and the assistant went back into the house and found his wife 53 years old, splayed out on the bed or on the floor, depending on the source that you look at. Okay. Absolutely. Soaked in blood in her night clothes. Oh no. Her throat had been cut from ear to ear and they're claiming that's a suicide. Yeah. There was a revolver next to her. It was his revolver. Captain Johnson's revolver. Yeah. But there was no, it had not been shot. Okay. Apparently they said they somehow determined that the revolver was inten probably intended to be used at one point, but was not discharged for some reason it got like stuck.


Okay. Like it, it jammed essentially. Yikes. So next to her was a straight razor as well. Oh my God. That was used to cut her throat. Oh yeah. No, interestingly too. And the, once they, you know, called people to the scene, jewelry was missing. But only her jewelry. Huh? He had valuables and none of his valuables were taken. And that's strange. And also the room looked like it had been like slightly ransacked. Her clothing was everywhere, which was not normal. And why would she do that before ending her life? Exactly. And the door leading into the bedroom open and locked from the inside and was clearly tampered with. What? And witnesses say they later found a pair of her gold spectacles in the garden below the bedroom window.


And they were hers and the garden below the bedroom window. Yeah. Okay. So Captain Johnson said he couldn't, he couldn't understand what had happened here. He didn't see anyone go in there, but he wasn't looking the whole time because he was keeping the lighthouse. Yeah. You gotta do that. and he said his wife did once tell him like during their relationship, that she once had thoughts of wanting to kill herself potentially. Okay. But neighbors and friends all said their marriage was great. They were very happy together. Very content. There was no signs any slight indication of trouble or violence of any kind in that home. Wow. They, they were not violent with each other. Nothing.


And they all said they didn't see any indication that she would be upset. There's all these stories that come out where they say like, you know, she wanted to go visit Sweden and go back to see her family and he wouldn't let her. Okay. And like so she got so despondent that she, it doesn't make sense though. It's not suicide. Yeah. This is not suicide. And I don't think many people believe it is. Yeah. It doesn't sound like it. It's just, it just sounds bizarre. It does. And interestingly too, apparently the couple had a savings account with South South Carolina Loan and Trust company. The account had reached $1,400. That's big back then. Exactly. And 10 days before her death, Mrs. Johnson had gone into town, gone to the bank and told her, told the, the people at the bank that her husband had asked her to withdraw all the money for some kind of business venture he was entering into.


Okay. So she was given the money. She wrote a check. She did all the things given the money. 'cause she had permissions to do it. Yeah. But after her death, captain Johnson said he never asked her to do that. There was no business venture and they have no idea where the money went. What And where her jewelry and valuables went. That's weird that she was the one to take out the money and then specifically her jewels were missing. Yeah. Isn't that strange? Are there theories? That's the thing. There's really no theories. There's none. Because people like didn't know anything about them. And it's like whoever did like you, they either had to be on the island or she would, they would've had to arrive by boat. And he's manning the lighthouse so he'd see somebody arrive by fucking boat. Exactly.


So it's gotta be somebody, the oh one theory I did see from someone that, and they're just speculating like wildly here 'cause what do we have to go on? Yeah. Is like, did someone at the bank or someone like, did someone at the bank know she had that money? Saw that she took it out for some reason? Or like, and fall like came to take it. You know what I mean? But somebody would've seen them arrive. She was sending her to take that money out in the first place. Yeah. If she, or why was she doing it? Or did she owe somebody a debt for some reason? That's what I wonder. And people think like, did she take out the money because she was gonna leave her husband. So she took all the money and like sold her jewelry to like get money to leave.


and he found, found out maybe that's the whole, that's the other side where people are like, did he find out and flip out? Interesting. I I mean it doesn't sound like we'll ever fucking know. That's the thing. So they, they did end up ruling it a suicide. They, I don't even think, I don't even know if it was officially ruled because this is even crazier. Back then they didn't do that. She was placed in a temporary grave at the lighthouse. 'cause they couldn't get the coroner out there or get her to the coroner. Oh wow. In time. And they had to keep her from the elements and everything. Yeah. And so they placed her at a temporary quote unquote grave on the lighthouse grounds. Like buried her What? To keep her from like decaying as fast.


Yeah. But no one knows if she's still buried there. 'cause there is no records of her not being buried there. Shut the fuck up. So her body could still be buried there. Shut the fuck off. And there's like all these stories about light keepers after these, these people like tending to the grounds. Like there's a grave there. Like making sure to like honor that there might be a person buried under here, but nobody knows where, but nobody knows where that's chilling. I know. And the spooky part about it is that blood stains inside the keeper's residence, like after this couldn't be cleaned. Oh. And they remained no matter how much scrubbing was done.


And sometimes they would get lighter and then they would darken again like they reappeared. And there's no scientific, not that I could find reason why that would happen. I find because these are just like people talking about it like spooky goopy. And this is like wood, you know, like why it's like, and then droplets of blood would also appear around the residents. People who live there afterwards said like just drops of blood would appear. I couldn't do that. I couldn't handle that. And they would still hear soft footsteps going up and down the 195 steps of the lighthouse. Oh, you could never catch me in the afterlife climbing stairs like that. And they think that she was like, she's going around just walking through or it's like a residual haunting.


Yeah.


One of my absolute favorite things is when it's time for fall And I can get rid of literally all of my summer clothes. I pack them away, I put them in a box in the attic, And I say, see you later. A goodbye And I. Take down all of my fall stuff. And then I add a few staple pieces that I can continue to wear forever and ever into my wardrobe. But guess what? I am always going to quince.com to get those staple pieces. Because Quince offers timeless and high quality items that I simply adore ensuring that my wardrobe stays fresh. And I don't blow my budget. They literally have cashmere sweaters from $50. They have pants for every occasion. Washable silk tops. You understand if you have a silk top, a lot of times they're not washable. Mm. These ones from Quin are, and they have so much more. I love a tailored pant, but I also love a pull-on pant and their organic stretch cotton wide leg Chino pants are to die for. They come in multiple colors. And I have every single one of them. Make switching seasons a breeze with quince high quality closet essentials. Go to quince.com/ Morbid for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Morbid.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


And a keeper named August Frederick Wick Wickman claims. I think August is such a cool name. I love that name too, right? Especially for a boy. Yes. I think it's a really cool boy name. I do too. He claimed that he heard them all the time. He al he's like, it used to freak me out and then I got used to it and his son who was born on the island and like took on on after him. Yeah. Said he also heard it and would see like weird apparitions on the on the grounds. Oh, it's so creepy. Yeah. If you've ever heard like footsteps, when you know that you should not be hearing footsteps, that's a weird ass feeling. 'cause you heard the footsteps at Mom and Papa's house, right? Oh yeah. I used to hear it all the time. Like they wouldn't be home. I would be home alone.


And. I would hear footsteps and be like, oh cool, someone's coming to murder me. Great. Yep. You're like, oh cool. And then nothing would happen. Yep. It would just be fucking footsteps. It is so creepy. What the fuck? It's just, it's really freaking me out that they don't know if she's buried there or not. That's the thing that really got me. It's like, and also we have every reason to believe that she might. Oh my, why did that happen? There's no reason why that shoulda just happened. Oh my God.


Fuck. You gotta keep moving. Oh no. Genuinely. Why did that happen? I You saw it. I saw It. That was very, I didn't touch my shit her but her headphones, as soon as she said it really freaks me out that she could be buried there. They slowly, and it wasn't like they slid down. They slowly also inched. They were on the other side of that, that stopper. They went over this little thing. Oh no. Oh No. Oh no. What the fuck? It really grinds my gears That you're haunting me doing.


Yeah. I really, Mike, you. I Don't think it's that old guy's fault. I'm so scared. I really don't. I love you. I don't think it's that guy's fault. I was upset yesterday that it was here. No, no. He can like stay. Give him, put him on Elena's side. Yeah, you can put him on. He can stay here. It's okay. You can put him with his brethren. Just please don't mess with me. It scares me. You know, maybe that's just, just say Hi my, my heart. They weren't trying to hurt you. They were just being like, wiggle the tv. I mean that was, that was, I remind you that was so long ago. Weeks. That's fucking weird that that just happened.


Sorry. I was saying if I could finish, if that's all right. But fuck Jesus. I'm really excited to hear that back. Yeah, same. We gotta listen to that. That's the most genuinely horrified reaction. Oh God. I have heard in a long time. No, that was really, I moved away so I didn't know if they were gonna fly at my face in case you guys are, have no fucking clue what's going on right now. Oh. Because you're not in the room with us. Fair, fair, fair. We have like mic stands in front of us and both of us have our, our headphones like on the mic stands. Yeah. But there's like a little stopper between like the rest of the mo the pole of the nightstand that would stop them from like falling down onto the microphone.


Yeah. And mine are literally hung over that stopper at all times. And as Ash said, you just call me Ash. I think it's as Ash said when she said, it really freaks me out to not know if she's buried there or not. They literally jumped over the little stopper. It was like they were pushed and wiggled down to almost right into her face. And did you hear the, when they like, like Yeah. Hopped over the thing. Yeah. I like heard them as they came And. I was like, I heard them as they came. It sounds like they, they came around And I heard them as they approached. I did. I heard them as they came. Slid down. It was a little, it was weird. It was weird.


I watched it. It's right in front of me. So I saw that happen. I wish we were recording. We probably should record these things. Oh God. When we recording I know we really should. Yeah. But if you want me to end on like a strange note, go for it. I just happened to find, so in the Vermont Union from 1873, like a newspaper, there's this little section that's called items. Okay. And it's just like little short news items like back to back to back. And I'm reading through it because this, this situation, 'cause this was 1873. So this crime, this what I think was murder Yeah. Is in here as like an item. 'cause it had just happened. Right. But when I tell you this is the most bonkers array of items back to back.


Oh no. I'm gonna read them to you really quick. So it says, a mysterious tragedy occurred on Saturday night night at Cape Romaine Lighthouse. SC Mrs. Johnson's wife of Mrs. Johnson, wife of the keeper was found dead with her throat cut from ear to ear and a razor and a revolver lying by her side. A large sum of money which the deceased had lately drawn from the bank is missing. It is not known whether she was murdered or committed suicide. And then there's a dash to show that we're going to the next item and it says the female applicants for clerkships in the treasury Department pass better examinations than the men. Hell yeah. Then there's a dash and it says A number of human scalps were recently discovered in a bale of rags received from the west by a paper mill in Petersburg, Virginia.


What the fuck? Yep. Then the next one is a Newark man gave a friend a bottle of oil of vitriol to make his beard grow. It didn't work as the friend expected. So we went from a murder to, to exams. Girls do better than boys on exams. Hey says the treasury Department. Then hey, we found this bag of scalps that seemed to have come from Virginia. And then it goes right to like this guy gave this guy an oil for his beard and he said, your beard will grow. And it did not as expected. It was snake oil. What am I to do? What? What am I meant to do with all of those items back to back?


I don't know exactly. I mean they're selling papers. That's for sure. To go from girls do better than boys on exams sometimes to, I found a bale of human scalps. That's a bit cray. I mean that's a lot. And then like this guy's beard didn't grow like you wanted it to. Did you look further into the human scalps? No I mean I'm sure going to Yeah. If I know you, I'm definitely going to Yeah. If I know you, you you've gotta, yeah, I'm gonna look into the human scalps. What the poop. That's scary. So yeah. So old newspapers are hilarious and scary. Yeah. Wow. I wanna know the you I wanna know about that headline specifically. I'm gonna look it up. But that's the Cape Romaine Lighthouse. At least story about it and why it's haunted today. Wow.


Well I have the little Ross Lighthouse murder. Ooh, I'm still fucking shook. I need, I can't wait to hear that back. Oh my God. Alright, so Little Ross Lighthouse is located in Scotland. Scotland. It's in crooked Bright Bay. And I looked up how to say that. So if you yell at me, don't yell at Google. Don't, don't. The island Little Ross is only accessible by boat or helicopter. And it stretches about 29 acres. It was designed by Alan Stevenson in 1843. And like your original lighthouse, it stands at about 66 feet tall. That little guy. Yeah, little golly. It was constructed to close the gap between other lighthouses at the mole of Galway and Southernness.


Ooh. But author David Collin points out before the lighthouse existed, before any lighthouse existed in the area, there was demand for one. There was like shipwrecks going on. There was stormy weather. It was bad. It was bad. It was not a maritime good time. I love that. You know, it was a bad maritime. It was a mal time. Yes. There you go. So the demand dates all the way back to 1792 when Reverend Dr. Ro Robert Muer wrote in Stormy weather, when vessels can neither keep the scene nor clear the land. This harbor is the best in the south coast of Scotland for shelter and on account and on that account is much frequented in the winter. But the entrance into it being narrow, a strong tide setting right across and no lighthouse to direct them, it is dangerous to run for it in the dark and engage with a Lee shore.


Many fatal accidents happen by ships missing the harbor and being driven into Wigtown Bay or on the banks of Saay Firth, the island of Little Ross affords an excellent situation for a lighthouse. One might be erected there at a small expense and kept up on moderate terms. It would be of the utmost utility to all shipping, and particularly to strangers in the hour of danger. Were the government apprised the great benefit that would result from this? It is to be hoped. They would think the matter worthy of their attention and cause a lighthouse to be erected at the public expense. Wow. So basically he said it's really fucking dangerous around here. It'd be hella dope if we built a lighthouse and it wouldn't even be that expensive.


Yeah. So like why not? It would take 48 years. That's a lot of years. 48 years. That's a lot of years. Bunch of back and forth with different lighthouse boards and people lobbying to make this happen. And a ton more shipwrecks and deaths. But finally in 1840, they got approval for the lighthouse. It was given by Northern Lighthouse Board and Trinity House. Hmm. So Robert Stevenson and his son Thomas were actually the first to start surveying the area for a good site. But Robert wanted to retire. So that's why ultimately his brother, Alan Stevenson took over the design process with his nephew Thomas, starting the actual building and engineering in 1843.


Hmm. So the construction would actually be completed on schedule, which might be the only time that's happened in the history of literally ever. 100%. It is. Yeah. I think so. 100%. And the lighting system was so advanced that at the time William Thompson, who later took the name Lord Kelvin, I don't know if you know who that is, I don't know who that is. As in the guy that discovered Kelvin's skill of temperature, what he said, it was quote undoubtedly of the three best revolving lights in the world. Damn. Isn't that crazy? That's, that's a big honor. That's high praise if you will. That is for a lighthouse. For a lighthouse. Yeah. Yeah.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audiobooks and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I personally just got way more into the fantasy genre. All of a sudden it's a really nice escape. So I started listening to the spell shop and it's narrated by Kaitlyn Davies. And so far it is so good. I feel like if you need an escape, this is the title for you. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


That light would shine bright like a diamond baby. Oh yeah. From 1843 until 1960. Damn. That was when it became automated. Most likely due to something pretty huge in the lighthouse's history. You don't say according to one publication, though the quality of design, construction and maintenance of all the buildings comprising the lighthouse station has been so high that very few changes have been made in in their entire history. Hmm. Which like, wow, that's crazy. Yeah. That's awesome. That's a good flex. I would say so. But the island made headlines again back in 2017 when it went up for sale for just 325,000 euros. Wait a sec.


A whole fucking island. Like the entire island, the island went up for sale. Lighthouse, like there was cottages still on it. They were like definitely in need of some work. But the cottages were still there. Yeah. And the whole island for 300,000. The whole damn island. It sold for more than that. But like they were willing to part with it. But yeah. And could that be because a grizzly murder took place there decades earlier? I think it could be. I think so too. In August of 1960, author David Collin, who I mentioned above, he was home visiting from college at the time and he used to go out to little Ross Island all the time. But on this specific trip, his father decided to join him.


And when they arrived on the island, they enjoyed a little lunch together and they were gonna kind of like explore around. But they decided, oh you know what, we should stop in at the cottages and introduce ourself to the keepers. Trying to be as you know, polite and respectful as they could. Yeah. Just trying be neighborly. Yeah. So they headed straight to the cottages on the island, which at that time were kept up because the keepers were living there. Yeah. They would usually kind of be like doing chores during the day, like bop it around, you know? Yeah. So they figured, you know, let's introduce ourselves, let them know that we're just here for the day visiting. But as they looked around the cottages, there was no one to be found. Hmm. But they noticed that there was a dog who David said was quote, very pleased to see us.


Oh. And as they looked around some more, the dog just followed alongside them. Like just stuck with them. The papa toon. They kept looking and they noticed that like the closer they got, they were hearing a phone ringing. Huh. And the phone was ringing over and over and over, like hours long, nonstop. Okay. Nobody answering the phone. Okay. So it was pretty clear that something was off here. Yeah. So David Collin's father decided they should look around a little bit more to make sure that everybody was okay. Also looking around that island must have been chilling because they didn't know it. But they were the only two living souls at that point. And things were not great around here. Ooh. That is chilling. The more and more they looked, it just got more unsettling.


I hate that. This is really sad. And it ends okay. But they found a rabbit that was trapped under a wooden box. Oh. And they just had to free him and he was like panicked. But he's like, thanks man. Yeah. He was so distressed. But after letting him out, they kept looking around and they didn't see any signs of anyone. This dog is still following them around. They're like, what the fuck is going on here? And it was getting close to the time that they were planning on leaving. And they obviously, because you know, they're on an island and they have to use the boat to get home. They have to time it. Yeah. Properly. don don't know anything about tides. Yeah. I love that you're like, you know, schedules and times. I'm like, don don't know if you leave moon high tide or low tide, moon involved, but the moon Moon says you leave at one of those times. Yeah.


The moon is like, I tell you when you leave bitch. And they said the moon told them and he said, Hey, it's getting close to closing time here, so pack it up. Moon's like, I'm about ready. But still they were like, that phone keeps ringing. This dog is like following us. No one's around. This is weird. Yeah, that is weird. So David's father decided to try to make one last try to see if anybody was around and he ended up looking into one of the windows of a cottage and he, what he thought he saw was somebody lying in bed. So he's like, I don't think they're sleeping because I feel like we would've looking them up. The dog might have. Yeah. The phone might have and there's just a vibe. Yeah.


So they made their way in there and they found an older man lying quite still in his bed. David Collins were recalled to the Scotsman what happened next? Saying everything looked normal, but moving closer to him, my father could see there was a towel wrapped on his head and there was blood on the towel. Oh man. Our assumption was that he had fallen down the lighthouse stairs and the other keeper had left to get help. But we couldn't understand why he hadn't come back. Oof. This is really creepy. Yeah. Imagine here, like you just go for a day trip to this island that you go to all the time. Yeah. And this is what you found and this is what you stumble across. Yeah. So rather than wait around for the other keeper to come back, they called the police, send a doctor.


But because the island is so remote, they had to wait three hours for help to arrive. See, this is what happens. That's, that's why they had to bury Mrs. Johnson. Yeah, exactly. How fucking creepy is that? That's super creepy. Especially when like you don't really have any association to this. Yeah. Place. Like and you just have to stick around you staying here with what you assume is a a dead body. Dead body. Yeah. Yeah. So police showed up and they came obviously with a doctor in around 7:00 PM that night. And that was then they, when they realized that this man had died from a gunshot wound to his left eye. Ooh. Later when the body was formally examined, the bullet was said to have fallen out of the man's eye socket.


Wow. The ex, the medical examiner flipped him around and bullet's when the bullet bullet just dinged right out. Yep. Damn. Not great. Wow. What a visual. So the man who was killed was identified pretty quickly as the keeper of the lighthouse, Hugh Clark. and he is an adorable man and was known to be like a really kind great man. Oh that makes me so sad. Coincidentally, his assistant keeper Robert Dixon, was nowhere to be found. You don't say it. Turned out Robert Dixon had escaped from the island using Hugh Clark's dingy to row to the mainland. Oh no. Or the mainland. The mainland. The mainland. And then he stole Hugh Clark's car to make his way even further from the scene.


Geez. He then rented a car and made it all the way to Yorkshire before being apprehended on what David Collin described as quote unquote impressively acute information. Look at that. When they pulled over the car that Robert Dixon had hired after ditching Hugh Clark's car, they questioned him about what he knew relating to the murder and he replied, alright, I know all about it. Wow. Yeah. And they found, I think it was $80 in cash on him, which he shouldn't have had. No. And a gun. Oh, okay. I mean with him as well. I mean that's pretty smoking. Yeah. So no one really knows what exactly led Robert Dixon to murder Hugh Clark in his sleep. 'cause it was believed that the man was sleeping when he was shot.


Somehow that's even worse. You know, like his most vulnerable state. He's not doing anything wrong. Yeah. He's just sleeping. There really wasn't sleep a, like there really wasn't a lot of motive here. Yeah. He was found with money that was believed to have been stolen from a recent delivery of Hugh Clark's pay and pay for some tradesmen. But David Collins pointed out that they wouldn't have really been with each other like super often. Yeah. Like there was a lot of time where Hugh Clark would've been up in the lighthouse and Robert Dixon could have, you know, stolen what he needed to steal. Yeah. With the man being away and he could have just left instead of killing him gone about his business.


Yeah. So money could have been a motivator here, but there was still an air of mystery surrounding the case. David Collin wrote to some, it was essentially a mystery story to be likened to the disappearance of the three lighthouse. Keep that the, is it Lannan? Lannan I think, yeah. At the Lannan Islands in 1900. To others it was the tale, it was a tale of violent disharmony between the two men whose calling required them to live in close proximity to each other and an environment which petty squabbles could have easily broken out and then been magnified beyond endurance. Dang. Yeah. And didn't you say Flynn and islands that like the disappearance of the keepers, that was something you wanted to cover? Yeah. I really wanna look into that more because it's, it seems pretty fascinating.


That's why like a whole episode. Yeah. That's why I included the quote. I was like smart little foreshadowing call you little, little smarty over there. Oh you know, so Robert Dixon was arrested and ultimately tried for murder. And David Collin and his father were both called as witnesses. His father Thomas, ultimately Robert Dixon was sentenced to death by hanging. Whoa. And this was in the 19? This was 1960. Damn. David Collin was among many though who wasn't quite sure that the punishment fit the crime given the circumstances. Huh. There was a lot of evidence that Robert Dixon was not a completely sane man. Oh, okay. Including the fact that a doctor had quite literally diagnosed him as insane I mean. That's a good indication I think.


Yeah. Usually. Yeah. He also had fallen off a horse at one point in his life and suffered really severe head trauma that resulted in severe headaches. He spent time in a psychiatric hospital voluntarily and sadly at one point had attempted suicide. Oh geez. So I'm assuming after they were reviewed this evidence of his insanity, the court reprieved his sentence of hanging five days before his planned execution. Wow. So they really, whoa. Yeah. He was still to remain incarcerated And two years after he was given the reprieve. Robert Dixon overdosed in prison and died. Oh geez. So he really didn't serve much time for the crime. No, but he died in prison. Wow. So many would believe, and some would claim that because of the murder that took place on Little Ross Island, that it must be haunted.


Yeah. And some even question if that's why the selling price was listed so low in 2017. Hmm. But those who knew Hugh Clark doubt that he would be a malevolent spirit haunting the area. Oh. And David Collins wrote friends and colleagues of Hugh friends and colleagues of Hugh have subsequently told me that if he was to have had a ghost, it would have been gentle, kind, and friendly like him. So there would've been nothing to fear. Oh, isn't that so sweet? Oh my god. Break my heart. Yes. So that is the case of the murder on Little Ross Island and the lighthouse that's there. Geez. That was like a pretty brief overview. 'cause obviously we cover two lighthouses in this, but David Collin wrote a book, it's called Life and Death on Little Ross.


Oh. Oh wow. And it's definitely worth checking out. I got a lot of information from there. Oh, I love that. Yeah. And it's available on the Kindle. Oh my God. It's where I bought it. I love that. I think it was like not very much. I'm, I don't know how much, not very much. I forget. I bought it a while ago. You know what the thing with lighthouses is? It's like you don't think of it how lonely and like isolated of a job It is. Yeah. So these stories happen all the time. Yeah. With lighthouses you hear of like people just losing it, snapping, murders happening, accidents happening, like all this stuff. And it's like, and so many hauntings related to h, so many hauntings. 'cause there's also like the fucking sea, the shipwrecks, the fucking sea.


The sea is crazy. Exactly like the shipwrecks happen. They're usually happening right on these rocks that are right outside of these lighthouses. And then you have all these, you know, sea ghosts singing sea shanties. I love the sea sea shanty. It's a lot. It is. But I love a spooky lighthouse. I really do. I know. And we hadn't done one in like a year, I think. Yeah. It's been a long time. We're gonna bring these back. Yeah, we gotta bring back the, the Spooky. Lighthouses. Yeah. We sprinkle 'em. but it, the spooky roads. But you guys have suggested a lot of them, so make sure you keep writing in your spooky roads. Spooky castles. Spooky Lighthouses. Spooky schools. Spooky forests. Spooky forests. Wanna say spooky forests.


Please help me on that. Yes, if you, if you will be so kind and send them into Morbid podcast@gmail.com. But make sure you put spooky whatever it is in the title of the email that we know what it's, yeah. Then feel free to let us know if you've had like, your own experience. 'cause we also love to share an experience. Yeah. When we're talking about whatever, the road, the lake, the, so yeah. Whatever have you Definitely. I know there's like a million of these things. Or if you know what, you guys have also come up with good ideas for like, other installments of spooky things. Like I think you guys were the ones who brought up spooky schools to us. Yes. And we ended up finding some really cool stuff. So if you have another idea, bring it to us. Let us know. Spooky lakes, all that good stuff. Yeah. But yeah, we love these so much.


We wanna 'em back a little more. Sprinkle 'em in. They're, they, they're interesting. They're spooky. They're fun. They're scary. And we're getting into the bur months, getting into spooky season. That's what spooky season's All About. I'm ready for it. I can't wait. So we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it Weird, But not so where, that you hunt a lighthouse or maybe do keep it so weird that you hunt a lighthouse. I would keep it that weird. Oh. And definitely don't keep it so weird that you're so fucking haunted that you god damn earphones fall on you because I'm really stressed out about how haunted I am right now. But they come from Before the, the wave.


They came up and cut side of our, when she May, the weatherman come To bring empty One day when the damage down The line was cut, nowhere was feeding. The captain's mind was Notre, but he belonged to the ree. Took that chip Pinto 40 days or Even More.


And one more Four. That Will Soon The weatherman come to bring us. And one day when the is done, we'll take the fight still on. Not cut. And the's not gone. The weatherman makes his regular culture The Weatherman.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.