
Hey weirdos. It's Ash here. Ready to share a little secret. Have you heard of Wondery? Plus, with ad free episodes and one week early access, it's like having an all access pass to our lighthearted nightmare. So come join us on the dark side and try Wondery Plus. Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Shutterfly believes the moments that matter deserve a photo book. Photo books are for big moments, like, you know, weddings, graduations, or a bucket list trip. But they're also for everyday moments. You could turn your Instagram feed into a coffee table book. That would be a conversation piece. You could make an annual memory book for your kids, or my personal favorite, create a family cookbook. The possibilities with Shutterfly are endless. And Shutterfly photo books are meant to last to be passed down, shared and enjoyed. I love the idea of making a family cookbook. I think it's like a really sentimental piece that you could pass down throughout your family and, you know, just have all those recipes. So I decided that I was gonna make one with Shutterfly. One of my favorite things ever was the suggested layouts that they have. I was like, oh, okay. And they also have this little autofill thing. Amazing. It makes making these books so easy. We have an exclusive offer for our listeners so that you can have so much fun doing this. New customers get a free eight by eight photo book with promo code Morbid at shutterfly.com. Enter code at checkout. See promotion details page for more info. Again, that's promo code Morbid for a free eight by eight photo book for new customers@shutterfly.com. Make something that means something with Shutterfly


from the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program. Trent. Fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. Hi, Ash. And this is Morbid And it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas, but for you, no, it's probably June. I was like, no, no. I was like, I'm going somewhere with this. I'm going somewhere with this. Me and Mikey both were like, no. Oh no. Nope. It's not that I was, she like, for me a moment, just let me live.


Yeah, it's literally almost chmi for us. We're five days out. It's the new year for you. It's 2025. What's it like in the future? It's been the new year for you. Yeah. Is it cool there? I hope so. Is everything better? What are the drones doing? Oh my God, I was in 2025. I was just gonna say that. They could abduct me. It's fine. Yeah. It's not aliens. I was gonna say they won't. 'cause it's not aliens. It's the government. So I don't want them to abduct me. No, I'm not saying the government. I want, I would like aliens to come through and pick me up because I'm scared. Because I'm scared. Can you pick me up? Aliens? I'm scared. I'm just kind of complacent now. You know? That's like scary for you though. Yeah, it, I don't like that. I'm like numb to it. I'm just like, well, I know. Its what? It's, I got that too.


It's so funny. I had like, welcome to my therapy sessions. I had like the worst end of the world anxiety for a long time. Like especially this year. Yeah. I think just like the mental state that I was in, really fed to that. Yeah. Fed that. But now I'm just like, I feel like one people have always thought the world was ending. Absolutely. And that helps me immensely. Literally always fine. And then can't do anything about it. Yeah. So like why, why stress about it? My therapist like really did some great fucking work on my mind. Yeah, she did. Yeah. Shout out to her. Shout out to her. Shout out to all my therapists. Throughout the years, there's been like eight of them. Poor one out your therapist Out for each of them. Each. Each one of them To each one. Each one. Well, I have a interesting case for us today that has nothing to do with therapy and everything to do with robbery.


Oh, well, there we go. We told you we were gonna give you a little palate cleanser kind of thing. Yeah. It's definitely a pal cleansy. This has just like put 'em up fella. Yeah. Those kind of vibes. She's, she's got a transatlantic accent. Yes. A hundred percent. She's she, yeah, I've She's got the bob. Yeah. There's so many quotes throughout this and I don't know if I'm great at a trans-Atlantic accent, but I'm definitely gonna try. That was interesting. But I have faith in you though. No, that's fair. I'm also really tired. Mikey, also. No, it wasn't good. It was, honestly, it was. Oh. Oh. Mikey's worried that everyone's gonna come after me probably. Listen, they love me. So you better, you better cool it. No, it was awesome. You're, that was such a good transition. Oh, now they're really gonna come after you.


Because that was fake as fuck. Killer. No, but I wish everybody saw the, I'm just kidding. The, the finger guns. The finger guns that went along with it. 'cause it really added to it. I liked it. Yeah. I was, you know, I, I do what I can. Yeah. I'm gonna punch ash in the face after this guys. She hits me a lot all the time. It's crazy. I don't know how to transition outta that. I was like, where do we go from here? Where do leave all the lights on, please. Alright. All right. All right. So robbery, transatlantic accent and ladies, and what, what is this case called? It has a fun name. It's called, and you already know because you pressed the episode, but for those of you who didn't read it, The Bobbed Haired Bandit.


See, that's, that's what I'm talking about. About The Bobbed Haired Bandit. That's what we need after the blackout ripper. And you know what, I have a fuck ass Bob right now. You do have a fuck ass. So I feel seen, and my hairdresser just had her baby, so I'm gonna have a fuck ass Bob for longer than I thought, which is totally fine. Welcome to the world Tea. But I, it was the perfect time to do this story. Absolutely. You ruined your fuck ass, Bob. I'm cementing in my fuck ass Bodom. And let's go fuck ass Bodom. I like that. Fuck ass Bodom. I like it. Our hashtag's still a thing. Use that. Let's go. I'm old. All right. A little past nine 30 on the evening of January 5th, 1924.


One Lester Loudon, that's his name. Lester. Lester. Isn't that a cute name? Ah, like Lester Holt. I love him. Lester Loudon. Lester Loudon. He was working at the Thomas Ton Grocery in Park Slope. Brooklyn that night had been pretty quiet. And as the evening was going on, fewer and fewer customers were coming in. The store was completely empty when a young woman entered. And let me tell you baby, she was serving Luke's. She was wearing a seal fur coat over a beautifully beaded dress. It looked like she was on her way to a party. Oh damn. He said, who's that girl in her fuck ass bomb? And he didn't even know who Madonna was yet. So it was crazy. No, but the woman approached the counter where he was standing And she had her hands in her coat pockets And she just said, hello, can I have a dozen eggs?


I can't do transatlantic. So transit hashtag duck cab for cutie. It's a great song. It really is. It gets you crying. Oh, it does. Oh, all right. Well, as Loudon was wrapping up the eggs for this beautiful young woman, she took a few steps back from the counter and pulled out a 25 automatic pistol from that seal fur coat. And she shouted, Adam, stick 'em up quick. She did like a Mae West style po my best shirt. B. She said, I'm happy to see you, and it's a gun. Wait, you're good at it. Don't do that. This is my episode, not yours. It. But he immediately threw them hands in the air.


Like hell yeah. Like he did care. Like he did. He cared very much in that moment. He did. He deeply cared. He was, he was obviously focused on the woman in front of him with a giant pistol. But he also noticed that in the time, and it had taken him to get the A, what? I was just gonna say eggs. But then my mouth went to say, ah, the, ah, I don't know. It's a romantic. It's a romantic vibe in this fucking lows, this grocery store. It's the end of the year. I'm so tired. I'm like, but did she get the eggs? She didn't want the eggs. I want the eggs. And the time it takes to get the eggs. I'm getting eggs today.


Happy eggs. Yay. Me too. A man had entered the store and was now corralling the other clerks to the back of the store. Oh dear. Like he was like, everybody back here now, the woman, her, but back hand now. Yeah. The woman motioned for Loudon to join the other clerk. She was like, go on, get back there. And she held her gun on all of them. And the man shouted to her, hold them back as he started rifling through the register, stuffing bills and handfuls of coins into his pocket that night. Also, one of the clerks hadn't pushed the cash envelope all the way into the safe. So they were also able to get that as well. Oh shit. Once they grabbed all the cash in the store, $680 in total back then, which doesn't sound like a ton.


That would be $12,545 today. Holy shit. Because this is 1924, the R 20, they got all that money and they started backing away in the direction of the door. And the man yelled, don't make a move. If you want your head blown off, just try to follow us out. Oh, I liked that one. Yeah, I was, I liked that. Do my best. There was also some other, some more finger guns, because out with guns, they said, If you want your head blown off, just try to follow us out. Don't make a move. Don't make any moves outside. They jumped into their car that was parked across the street and they drove off leaving the six clerks just huddled in the back of the store. Like, what the fuck just happened here? Damn. And probably traumatized probably. So to the police and the public, the robbery of the grocery store wasn't that shocking.


It wasn't that surprising. The economy was trending downward in New York at the time, we're entering the Great Depression. It was pretty jazzy, you know? It was, yeah. Shit was popping off. A lot of men were out of work. It was also the time of prohibition. So crime in general was on the rise between bootleggers and organized crime rings. It was, it was fucking wild. In the New York streets. Yeah. In New York. The press dubbed 1923, the gunman's year, noting that 270 murders had been committed with guns that year. Damn many in the commission of armed robbery. So this unfortunately wasn't like a new concept to anybody. Yeah, yeah. And all of this culminated in a culture of criminality that New Yorkers simply came to accept as a reality of life in the city at this point, on a smaller level.


It kind of reminds me of what you were talking about with the blackouts and the blackout river story. Yeah. It's like the setting really add, and the setting and the time period really add to the vibe of the overall story. For sure. Yeah. Absolutely. So while most people weren't super interested in the news of the robbery, what did catch people's attention was the fact that one of the robbers and the one who seemed to take the lead was a woman. And not just a woman, but she was young And she was fashionable. She was hot. She was hot. She was a hot girl. She was smoking. Yeah. She did hot shit. Like robbing grocery stores. Yeah. Hot. That's, don't do that. Yeah. Don't do that. But for many New Yorkers, especially the older residents, the woman's clothing and specifically her hairstyle, were very symbolic of this youth culture that was emerging during this specific period.


Ooh. You know who I'm talking? I'm talking flappers. Flappers. Flappers were young, sexually liberated women, especially compared to generations before them. And they just didn't give a shit when it came to things like dancing, drinking, and mixed gender socialization. Oh my goodness. They would talk, speaking to boys committing capers over here. It's crazy. According to author Stephen Duncombe, older generations came to view The Bobbed hairstyle as a quote. Are you ready? Symptom of the mentally defective. I'm obsessed with that. The Bobbed hairstyle was a symptom of the mentally defective.


And they even blamed this hairstyle for quote unquote breaking up marriages. Absolutely. And then I wrote my notes today, we call it a Fuck Ass Bob. A Fuck ass Bob. And I got one. So the outrage over flappers and supposedly loose women was pretty much just like a moral panic. Very similar to say panic. It's when the older generations are like, oh my God, the youth is crazy. Oh yeah. It's always happened. Yeah. But the fact that one of these robbers appeared to fall into that category of crazy youth only strengthened the belief among many that young people were heading in a very dangerous and even criminal direction. So already under pressure. 'cause they're fuck ass bobs because they're fuck ass Bobs.


Thank you. So already under pressure to do something about the, about street crime in the city. Brooklyn Police acted very quickly, and within a week they arrested 22-year-old Helen Quigley, a former burlesque dancer. Oh, come on. She was just living with her father in Brooklyn a few days earlier. Her boyfriend, Vincent Apples kovski. I, this is a, this is such a case. What a time to be alive. What a time. I'm Dayton Apples kovski. That's right. Who isn't, you know, you know what? Yes. You know, valid question. So a few days before she had been arrested, apple's there had been picked up on suspicion of robbery and wasted no time and confessing, and also implicating Hellen as his accomplice.


Wow. Loyalty. I know. Seriously. They did bear a slight resemblance to the two who had robbed the Ralston grocery. And they were actually even picked out of a photo lineup by Lester Loden. But Helen Quigley insisted that she had nothing to do with the robbery or any of the other holdups in the area. She said, you got me wrong. Why? I'm so afraid of a gun. I can hardly look at one. I like that. I try. I'm really, really trying with it. Yeah. You're really, you're starting to embody it. Thank you. I automatically go southern when I try to do an accent. It's, I mean, transatlantic accents have like a hint of Southern to it. Yeah. So you're, you're on there. All right. Thank you. I like it. But you said you got me wrong. You got me wrong. Now, despite her declaration of innocence, she was the embodiment of the 1920s flapper right down to her very casual demeanor when she was faced with arrest, when police went to her dad's house to arrest her, she quote, calmly asked if she could finish drying the separate dishes before they brought her in for questioning priorities.


You know, they said, ma'am, you're under arrest for robbery. And she said, my dad's gonna get pissed if I don't clean up dinner. Yeah. She's like, you think I wanna leave that in the sink? Fair enough. You think we want rodents in here? You know, it is New York. But according to Helen, she did have a date with Apple's valki on the night of the murder. But he never showed up. That's so like Apples. You had his number from the very beginning. Of course I did. Apples kawalski, come on. Yeah. She even Helen knew. Yeah. So she was like, whatever. She didn't give a fuck. She was like, I just stayed home that night. Other than that, she called Kawalski a dirty rat and a squealer. That's right. Well, she didn't say much else during the hours long interrogation. Damn. The press. And the police were completely certain that she was The Bobbed Haired Bandit who had robbed several stores in south Brooklyn neighborhoods.


But that was certainly shaken just a few days later when another store was robbed. This time it was a Weinstein's drug store. According to Louis Hecht, the clerk who was at the Weinstein Weinstein's that night, this is rude, a quote, chunky Bobby Bobbed haired girl, and her boyfriend entered the store and immediately pointed the gun at him demanding the cash in the register. In the register, excuse me. After pocketing the cash and looting the store, the girl handed him a note and told him to give it to Captain Carey of the detective bureau. Oh my God. They're like going, they're like, let's communicate with the cops. Full send.


Yes. Planning any exciting trips this year? I bet something you might not be planning is learning the local language. Well, with Babel, you only need a few weeks to learn. Crafted by over 200 language experts, Babel's quick lessons focused on real world conversations, not just textbook phrases. The advanced speech recognition technology works like a personal language tutor helping perfect pronunciation with every lesson. Studies from Yale and Michigan State University prove it works. 15 hours with Babbel equals a full college semester of language learning. With over 16 million subscriptions sold. The results speak for themselves. Ready to start talking, get 60% off at bael.com/true crime. That's B-A-B-B-E l.com/true crime bael.com/true crime.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's accused Of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Gar Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does It feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I Just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the retrial exclusively and ad-free on Wondery Plus.


Did the note read you Dirty fish pedaling bums. Leave this innocent girl, Helen Quigley alone and get the right ones, which is nobody but us. And we are gonna give Mr. Hogan the manager of Ralstons on Seven Avenue. Another visit as we got two checks we could in cash. And also ask BoJack's manager, did I ruin his cash register? Also, I will visit him again as I broke a perfectly good automatic on it. We defy you fellows to catch us. I am so obsessed. The fact that she was like, you fucking bums. No, she didn't say that. An innocent girl. You dirty, dirty bums, dirty fish, pedaling bums, dirty fish, pedaling bums. You got the wrong girl in there.


I looks, looks like you got the wrong girl. I beg of us to do better. Yeah. And to speak like this again, to speak better. Call people dirty fish pedaling bums. Honestly, that's a great insult. It's chefs ca like, I can't think of something better. You know, I was looking up 1920 slang. 'cause I'm gonna try to throw it in here as we go. I love you to go on a drinking spree on a toot, on a toot. Just, oh, you know, he's a, you know where apples is? He is just out on a toot. On a toot. That's what your kids call a fart. So it makes it even funnier. It's so funny. Like everything was funnier. I really was like, I know life was not funnier because like, you know, the depression looming and all that prohibition, but they added so much to it to make it worthwhile.


I was gonna say it was the, the stuff like this, like the, the linguistics of the time. It's So good. So good. So the note was signed, The Bobbed Haired Bandit and companion. I love that she called herself The Bobbed Haired Bandit. Yeah. I think they had already dubbed her at that point. And she was like, but I love, love that. She was like, I'll take it. She said, and companion. And my companion, my He's not. Yeah. My companion. That egg over there. I love it. So this note seemed to have been written explicitly for the purpose of proving the innocence of Helen Quigley and her man, apples there. Good for her. She's trying to get that girl out. She's like, it's me. At that point, those apples and Helen Quigley had been arraigned on ro a robbery and assault charges.


Oh. So they're like headed for the big house. Oh, damn. But by the time they received the note, captains carrying and Sullivan had actually started to question whether Helen was actually guilty. And the latest robbery at the Weinsteins seemed to indicate that she probably wasn't the Bandit. Yeah. So after Helen Quigley and Apple Kowalski's arraignment, I keep wanting to say arrangement, you can say that it's arranged. It's arranged their arraignment and the announcement that they would be held on $20,000 bond. Another letter arrived for the police, and this one was more forceful than the last. The writer said, why don't you see that Helen Quigley is let go? You cops are rotten as she ain't guilty. If you can't find the guilty party, you grab the first one you get ahold of If you hold a grudge against them.


Wow. She said, you guys are filthy and fake. She said, wow, you're real dumb. Pretty much, unfortunately, the note had the opposite effect that the writer intended. The judge actually doubled Quigley and Kowalski's bond. Damn. And was pretty certain that the writer was just a third accomplice trying to weaken their case against the pair. Mm. But as the robberies continued, so did the letters to the police and to members of the press. On January 22nd, the editor of the Standard Union received a note that read. I must say, we have a wonderful police force. They must all be asleep. Cold nights are the best to stick people up. The cops and bulls have hangouts and are always in on cold, wet nights. I passed two cops and bulls standing on Fulton Street and Bedford Avenue Saturday night.


I asked one of them where Keenis Theater was, and they directed me. I almost laughed in their faces to think they were talking to the one they were looking for. And co plainly see they blind or asleep. She's, oh, I'm not condoning anything that she has done. No, it's kind of iconic. No, it's truly iconic. It's kind of iconic. She said, she's like, I was right in your face and you didn't even care. She said, LOL, and you got the wrong person. And I'm telling you, you got the wrong person and you're still not letting her go. Yeah. Like, damn, I love what she's doing. Damn. So by late January store clerks and residents were seeing the Bandit and hair companion all over Brooklyn. On January 21st, a grocer in Brooklyn claimed he'd been robbed of $600 by the pair who escaped in a car that they had parked around the corner.


Which obviously like that part is not great. 'cause you're like, these grocers do not deserve to be terrorized losing their, their work. Yes. You know what I mean? Like their, you know what, they used to put food on their table and like the clerks being scared to go to work, like, that's not cool. Like none of that is cool. No. Her notes are hilarious to the cops. Yes. Just to clarify. Yeah. But that same night that the other robbery happened, four quote boy bandits ranging in age from 14 boy bandits, boy bandits ranging in age from 14 to 18, held up several stores in the Bronx and took more than $700. Oh my God. Which would be $13,000 in today's wedding. Get it together, everyone. I'm like, how did you hide that from your parents? Damn.


Now, even though there was no apparent connection between these and the other holdups, the press still subtly implied that there was definitely an epidemic of violence and robberies. Yeah. Being perpetrated by young people across the city. Damn. It was kind of just a fact. Yeah. One journalist wrote, every other night or so, the frightened proprietor of a chain grocery store would back away from a crouching, snarling little demon whose eyes blazed over the sights of an ugly automatic, a fal most fury who, but a moment before had seemed in the background. Wow. Why can't we do better? Why can't we talk like this? Why can't we? They used to call policemen elbows, shut the fuck. Why? I need an explanation on that one. No. Is call them elbows.


I love that. Yeah. I love that so much. Yeah. Well, with each new bandit letter published in the paper, the public had new material to inform the growing mockery and the jokes aimed at the police who were unable to catch the pair. After a run of particularly rainy days in late January, the standard union joked, if this weather keeps up, the girl with the bob tear may try her luck in getting away with a red hot stove. Whoa. They said the cops don't really work well during the rain, so she's going nuts. The increase in public criticism was very clearly starting to irritate city officials in an article published in the New York Herald Mayor John f Hyland angrily told a reporter, there isn't any Bobbed Haired Bandit.


That's only a myth. You, you just flimflamming us. I'm like, sir, she's been seen, she's been, she's been witnessed by several people who have been held up at these stores. Like, is everybody just making this up? Yeah. They just don't wanna admit that to folks. You know what this is? There's a lady that's getting the best of them, making a ru, making us run for our money here and we're not happy with it. Yeah. She should stay in the kitchen where she belongs. Whether he genuinely believed that or not, there was indeed a Bobbed Haired Bandit. And the failure to capture her was definitely starting to make the, the NYPD look like a bunch of idiots. They were so mad and they were pissed. They were so mad. So on the night of January 26th, the contingent of 200 police officers, whoa.


Picture that 200 scattered across neighborhoods all over Brooklyn in tent on capturing the Bob Teared Bandit and her companion. I love companion believing that they, the pair were sure to strike that night as they had the previous five Saturdays. Officers stood watch outside of grocery stores, drug stores, and even delis around the city just waiting for that bandit to make a mistake. And at that same time, another large group of officers were assigned to watch over the home of the NYPD Commissioner Richard Enright, after one of the Bandit's notes referenced making a visit to the man's home. Oh, damn. But by the time the police had spread out their net, the Bandit had already robbed eight businesses of nearly $2,000.


Holy shit. Which would be $37,000 in today's cash. Damn. And showed no signs of slowing down or even losing any kind of confidence because why? Why slow down? Yeah. They're not catching you. It's raining. I gotta go. Yeah. It's raining. However, despite that large scale effort, there was no sign of the Bandit that January 26th night and the next day, the press reported on yet another failure by the police. Oh. In the meantime, John Highland expressed his complete support in Commissioner n Wright and the the NYPD writing. It has always seemed to me a very regrettable feature of the, of life in New York that some of the newspapers consciously or unconsciously aid in attempts to dislodge a fearless police commissioner.


Wow. She's like, it's the newspaper's fault. It's Yeah. Obviously that we can't catch this person. Obviously the newspaper doesn't exist. Like you're the one who's saying that she doesn't even exist. Exactly. But now, as far as he was concerned, The Bobbed Haired Bandit wasn't the problem. The press was. He already said that he did. He thought she was a myth created by the press to sell papers. Yeah. And he later said, true. Occasionally a girl may commit a larceny, but there's surely no occasion for the scare heads about girl bandits. The scare heads scare headss, nor for more or less to say that the town is infested with them. He's like, girl, bandits aren't real. That's, that is exactly the energy that he is delivering. Girl bandits are fake. Girl bandits have cooties. No.


Only boy bandits. You can't be a girl bandit. No. Ugh, you're stupid. That's so funny. But he said he was confident that if they could crack down on the press and prevent them from fueling this public hysteria, The Bobbed Haired Bandit would just disappear and people would go on with their lives. Yeah. Because the press had no interest or reason to stop a reporting on the Bandit as long as she continued to pull off these robberies around the city. And as long as readers were interested in her antics, they were gonna keep publishing the stories to sell those papers. Yeah. And they didn't give a shit how it made the police look. They were like, make yourselves look better. By early February, the local papers honed in on a new theory. Detectives had been developing. And it was that despite all reports, The Bobbed Haired Bandit was not a woman at all, but perhaps a young man disguising himself by wearing young woman's clothing.


Because once again, there's no way that this is a girl bandit. And they said, A girl is not defying us like this. Yeah. It must be a man. Yeah. Well, some may have found the theory more credible than others. Just as many dismissed it as nonsense. Noting that many of the witnesses quote, describe the bandits feet and shoes as typically feminine and her walk as characteristic of a member of the weaker sex. Adorable. It makes me think of and scream one when Stew is like no's. No way a girl could have killed him. And Randy's like, it takes a man Yes. To do something like that. Oh my God, it's so true. That's the perfect quote for that. That is the, that's the vibe that I'm getting. It takes a man to do something like that.


I love it. That's exactly what this is giving. That's, that's the vibe. Now the Bandit in her companion, they did lay low for a few weeks, and that was until early February when they were back at it again. Hell yeah. With the fuck ass Bob. Hell yeah. She's getting out there with her Glad rags. What's a glad rag? Tell us all about it. Fancy clothes. Oh my God. Her glad rags. She's gonna go commit a caper. Is that a crime? Yeah, A robbery a crime. I love it. Yeah. Well, she, they were back on the job and they landed themselves right back on the front pages of the New York papers. A little after 10:00 PM on the evening of February 3rd, The Bobbed Haired Bandit entered an HC Boha grocery store on Lafayette Street and approached the counter wearing what the press described as a saucy turban TriMed with fur.


Oh, I love a saucy turban. A saucy turban. Now, despite the late hour, there were still several store clerks behind the counter, and actually three customers waiting in line. When she reached the counter, the Bandit asked the butcher Peter, Peter Crossman for a whole chicken. She said, one whole chicken, please. Me too. The same. He disappeared into the deli. And when he returned with the chicken, the band, the chicken, excuse me, the Bandit pulled a revolver from her coat pocket and said, one peep, and you're a dead butcher. She said, Hey, grab a little air. That's also s slang. What does that mean? That means put your hands up, grab a little air. I just love that she made like a chicken joke. One peak. Yeah, I love that. I love it. And you're a dead butcher.


So the butcher dropped the chicken on the floor and threw his hands up in the air because again, he did care. Yeah. He grabbed a little air, the Bandit then whistled, and within seconds, her companion was by her side pistol in hand. And I just picture her doing the, like the pinkies in the mouth kind of whistle. Yeah. Pinkies in the mouth whistle. Hell yeah. I wish I could do that kind of whistle. The Woo. She then directed Cosman and the other clerks to the back of the store while the Bandit kept everybody at the back of the store. The man went through the cash registers, stuffing bills into his pockets. 150 bucks in total that night. Today, that'd be about 2,700 bucks. Once they emptied the registers, they backed their way out of the store loudly, declaring that they would shoot anybody who made a move or yelled for the police.


And once they got outside, they just jumped in their car and they sped off and they said, bye. A few days later, police arrested 19-year-old Mary Cody for this robbery. Mm. And they declared, they had finally got her. This was their Bobbed Haired Bandit. Doubt it. They claimed Moore wasn't acting alone, but rather she was the leader of a gang of bandits. Oh. That included her boyfriend, Matthew Boyd. Boyd Boyd. That's you my girl. I love a Boyd. And you my girl and a man by the name of Richard Gibbons. Mary Cody. And the two men were accused of several taxi cab holdups in the area. But the only evidence connecting her to the Bandit robberies was the fact that she owned a seal fur coat and wore her hair in The Bobbed style.


Yeah. Seems a little hinky to me. She had a coat and The Bobbed. Yeah. I just want you to let that sink in. That's it.


Lamont Jones's world is shattered when his cousin dies in custody just weeks after entering prison. The official report says natural causes, but bruises and missing teeth tell a different story. From Wondery comes Death County pa, a chilling true story of corruption and coverups that begins as one man's search for answers, but soon reveals a disturbing pattern. Lamont's Cousin's death is just one of many and powerful forces are working to keep the truth buried with never before heard interviews and shocking revelations. Death County PA pulls back the curtain on one of America's darkest institutional secrets. This isn't just another true crime story, it's happening right now. Follow Death County PA on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Death County PA early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Unfortunately, when their robbery victims were shown photographs of this woman in her two accomplices, quote unquote, they all denied that she was the Bandit. They said, no, that's not the girl. They said, no, she's just got a coat. And they said, okay, fine. And they arrested another young woman just one day later. Oh, they said, all right, Mary, it's not you, but I think it's Rose Moore. Yeah, me too. We're gonna go arrest her. Yeah. And they arrested her after her mother reported her missing to the police. When a detective caught up with Rose, she was wearing a seal skin coat. Oh. And a pink hat over her Bobbed ass hair over her Bobbed ass hair over her Bobbed ass hair. The arresting detective told the Brooklyn Eagle, he was quote, satisfied in his own mind that Rosemore and the notorious Bobbed Haired Bandit, Wiley and defiant were won in the same.


But the next day it was clear she had nothing to do with the holdups, And she was released from custody. Her brother Edward, who actually was the one to report his suspicions of her to the police, damn later said, rose is a good girl, but fond of fun. And I suppose I was too strict with her. My sister had no record of any kind against her. Of course. And it was really my fault that she received this unpleasant publicity. Wow. Fond of fun. You're a shitbag. He was like, you're having too much fun. I'm gonna make them fun. Think you're a bandit. You have a fuck ass Bob, I'm gonna put you in the big house. Men suck. Like you're the worst. Are you kidding? The horrible. And it's like her brother, it's like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up, Kyle.


Shut up. Sibling. Like, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. She's having too much fun. I gotta throw in the big heads. You're not my dad. Yeah. Get the fuck outta here. Well, by this point, Helen Quigley and Mary Cody were actually still in custody of on suspicion these poor people. They're just like, they're arresting more people while They have all The Bobbed hair girls. Yeah. In little holding themselves. All of them police were arresting or detaining anybody who fit the description of the Bandit and her companion, desperate to close the case and her companion. Companion. They were just desperate to close the case. They wanted to end all the public criticism. Meanwhile, as detectives in interrogated Rose Moore, the real Bandit continued writing notes. Yeah. Just taunting the police and condemning the press for printing lies about her.


After an interview with the supposed bandit appeared in the Brooklyn Eagle, the editor received a note that read. Dear Sir, the interview you printed about The Bobbed Haired Bandit was a fake, and you ought to be exposed. It seems to me that you would have more to do than sit down and just make things up. Personally, I think you are a bum. I have never been interviewed as a matter of a fact, and I defy you Ps I also defy the police. A photographic copy of this letter has been turned over to the police of the popular street station. I I, you are a bum Think, just knock. I, we need to start calling people bums again. We do. We do. Bring it back. We just, we have to call people bums. 2025. Yeah.


2025. We're bringing back calling people bums. Personally. I think you are a bum. Yeah. It should be said that while The Bobbed Haired Bandit did write a lot of notes to the police in the press, there were countless other fake notes. Oh, I'm sure. Written by anonymous senders. It's not always known, which is which. But you know. But all of them are they. They have such zest and flare. They do have such zest and flare. They have, what else do they have? They're very hotsy totsy. They're very hotsy totsy. And you know what, we got a lot of bob haired patsies sitting in the big house right now. Tell me everything What Bob haired patsies. Yeah. Patsy are, people are set up a fool. A chump. A chump. And they're sitting in the big house in jail.


This is too much. I love it so much. I wish we were dressed like swanky. I know. I'm wearing sweatpants. Oh, we need to do elicit or tail. That's 1920s themed. So we can go literally yesterday. I don't know how we do that, but we'll figure it out. We could just read regular tales and just sign in 1920s. I love it. I like it. Well, regardless, the letters became so popular with readers that the Brooklyn Eagle just continued collecting them and publishing them now on a weekly basis. Damn much to the irritation of the police. I imagine. Because not only did the letters make detectives look foolish for their inability to catch the Bandit, but they also reminded New Yorkers that crime was still a big problem in the city. And that that fact reflected very poorly on police Commissioner Enright.


Mm. After a few weeks of downtime, the Bandit popped up again in late February. This time wielding a pistol in each hand. She got one too. Oh damn. And this was when she and her companion robbed the James Butler grocery in Brooklyn. By that point, the public had started mistakenly seeing the Bandit everywhere. So when the woman entered the store wearing her quote, threequarter length seal skin coat, her black turban, one of the customers shouted the bomb had bandit. She's arrived here. She's, and the pair went through their usual routine, corralling the customers and the clerks to the back of the store while one of them went through the registers. And then they backed outta the store with their guns drawn and said, don't tell anybody.


And they said, oh my God, it's really a skirt. What is that one mean? She's a real skirt. She's a real skirt. What's it mean a woman? A woman? Oh my God. It's a woman. Now this, it's a skirt band. As they made their way out of the door, the Bandit shouted, give us 10 minutes to get away. Are you'll be sorry this time. The total takeaway was less than $60, but still a good sum of money. That'd be about a thousand bucks today. Yeah. The latest string of robberies led the police to devise a new strategy, though casting an even wider net and questioning nearly anyone who met even one of the bandit's descriptors. Mm. However, while this strategy was intended to catch the criminal, it had the unintended effect of scaring or just straight up inconveniencing the female members of the public.


By the end of February, detectives have put so much emphasis on the bandit's hair and clothing that women all over the city started altering their appearances so that they wouldn't be mistaken for the Bandit. Oh damn. Yeah. One hairstylist told the reporter, girls won't bob their hair anymore. And the ones who have theirs already, Bobbed are letting it grow as fast as they can. It's just encouraging their hair to grow. Like, please grow, please grow every night. They're please grow faster. That's how that works. Works. They're using rosemary oil biology. The sentiment was shared by others in the beauty industry, and only led to more criticism of the police. And of course, their inability to catch this Bobbed Haired Bandit. I love her. Another stylist told reporters, it's a shame the way the police are playing hide and seek with the girl and letting her outwit them all the time.


I love this. A police force of Bobbed haired girls would catch her soon enough. She said, fuck that. Why don't we take all these Bobbed haired arrestees Yeah. And make them the police. Yeah. They're out here. They're, they're tooting the wrong ringer. Yeah. You know, it's that like barking up the wrong tree, asking the wrong person. I love it. Tooting up the wrong ringer. Fortunately for the the NYPD, it would not come to that. But I do love the image that conjures. I immediately thought of a bunch of fuck ass bob haired flappers just walking in freeze flash in a batch. What em up? I love it. I love it. Oh, I wanna be one. The robberies continued into March and of course, so did the sensational press coverage.


Soon enough, the Bandit was being celebrated by most as a kind of anti-hero and obviously an early feminist figure pushing back on the suffocating norms and restrictions imposed by a world ruled of stinky stupid men. There you go. One journalist wrote for the Brooklyn Eagle, Brooklyn's girl Bandit is merely part of the great world revolt against authority and correct principles using her energies on the only plane open to her in which she can revolt. Whoa. They said she's got The Bobbed And she's robbing people and fuck men. Yeah. She's in a weak sister. No. Love it. By the end of March, commissioner, commissioner Enright was fucking pissed and the, the NYPD and him had become so frustrated with the situation that he started to speak out to the press about how he might have to step into the investigation and bring the Bandit in himself.


He said, I had about, reached the conclusion that I would have to go out and get her myself. I'm not so sure that she's not a short head man. I'll see. We can't, we can't just give it, it's a skirt. Okay. I'm like, no, she's a skirt and she's getting the best to you commissioner. Yeah. And you're just upset about it. His comments were aimed at the critics of the police. But it's also clear from his statement that the Bandits gender was at least some degree of a threat to him. Oh yeah. Otherwise he would've never called it into question. Exactly. Asshole. I'm saying for months, the Bandit and her companion had been holding up drugstores. My favorite part, to be honest, her companion and groceries around the city, all without firing a single shot or harming anybody. No shots had been fired up to this point, which thankful for that.


But that all changed on April 1st when the pair attempted to rob the payroll department of the National Biscuit Company. Whoa. Which is a company that I would love to support. I was gonna say, that place is near and dear to my heart. Same. Now, the heist was to be the biggest of their career thus far. Not only because it was the biggest, supposed to be the biggest payout, but also because it occurred in broad daylight while in number, a large number of of clerks were present that morning. The couple actually hired a car to take them to the Biscuit company, which I'm gonna do that too, but I'm not gonna rob them. I'm just gonna buy a lot of biscuits. I'm getting a car to go to the Biscuit Company right now. Nabisco, national Biscuit Company.


Nabisco. Oh my God. I never knew that. Mikey just told us Nabisco. Mikey just cracked the code. I never knew that Biscuit company. What the fuck? I'm gonna support them. I boom. Well, when they boom, boom, when they arrived to Nabisco, the man pointed a gun at the driver, Arthur West, and told him to get in the back of the car. Once West had been tied up and placed on the floor in the backseat, the Bandit took over the wheel and they continued to down the street to the National Biscuit warehouse, Nabisco Waha. Once they reached the destination, they parked on the street outside the Waha warehouse and entered through the front door and climbed the stairs straight to the administrative offices.


So on the second floor, the young woman walked to the caged in payroll office And she stepped up to the desk and handed the clerk Nathan Mazzo an envelope. Mazo opened the envelope and took out the paper inside, but it appeared to be blank. When he looked up prepared to question the woman in front of him, he found himself staring into the barrel of The Bobbed haired bandit's pistol. Oh. Seconds later, the Bandit's male companion appeared at her side with pistols in both hands and a handkerchief covering his face. Oh. The payroll office erupted into chaos as the clerks and SEC secretary started running, trying to escape the gunman. But the Bandit kept focused on Mazo and the other man corralled the employees and forced them into a smaller office just adjacent to the payroll cage.


Now, as the staff began filing into the small office, Mazo was last in line, and he appeared to make a move for the Bandit's gun grabbing her arm. When he passed by her, the Bandit fell back away from Malow, tumbling over a chair, a chair, and falling to the floor, seeing what was happening. Her companion fired two shots. Oh. Hitting Mazo in the arm, causing the man obviously to scream. And then the scene two erupted. Chaos. Ted just, yeah, because fire has now been, you've now heard gunshots. Exactly. With everything having gone awry, the pair fled down the stairs and out to the car with several national biscuit drivers following behind them. Now, you know, they, they, they were doing these little ones that were going well at night, and they got two.


They, they were putting on the Ritz. They were high hat. I know what that's all about. High Hat. They were getting swelled. They were thrown on side acting high toned, you know, acting high toned. You gotta keep it chill. You gotta chill out. How do you say chill out in 1920s? I was like, I think it's like, hold on, I'll look. Hold on. You gotta simmer down. You gotta cool your jets. Hold your horses, keep your shirt on. I like, keep your shirt on. Take it easy. Pipe down. Keep your hair on. Keep your hair on. Why do I feel like you're ma right now? She doesn't really talk like that, but like, kind of.


But she kind of does. She, she has a 1920s vibe about her when she, when she gets going. Don't you be The Bobbed luas baby? She does. She does the transit. I just like the like, hi hat getting swelled and swelled getting too big for you. Breath, keep your hair on, keep your hair wrong. Well, nobody's hair was on. Everybody was fucking terrified. They were getting swelled. Lydia were getting acting swelled, acting way too high. Toed an ambulance and police arrived at the scene a short time later, and Nathan Mazo was taken to the hospital for treatment. A few blocks away. A patrolman came upon the Packard that the pair had arrived in. Whoop. And the driver, Arthur West, was still tied up in the floor. In the back, on the floor.


In the back. The patrolman took the car and the driver to the nearest precinct where he explained that he had picked up the couple at a hotel near Prospect Park and had driven them down to where the car had been found, at which point he was jumped by the couple and thrown into the back of the car. Oh, damn. He said he had not seen either passenger's face, but according to the press quote, his description of both the girl and her companion tallied perfectly with that of The Bobbed Haired Bandit and her companion. Oh.


After 17 successful robberies. 17. 17. We just did the highlights here. Holy shit. The holdup of the National Biscuit Company, Nabisco changed everything for the Bandit and her companion. Wow. Where she was spoken of as an anti-hero. Now the papers were accusing her in her companion as attempted murderers. Yeah. And announcing quite inaccurately that Mao's wounds will quote, probably prove fatal. They didn't. Okay. He was shot, which is very wrong. Absolutely. He was shot in the arm. He was not gonna die. A few days later, he himself would capitalize on the spotlight, giving interviews where he heroically claimed that he'd been reaching for the gun, not trying to remove the bandit's veil as had been suggested by the police and the press.


He told a reporter, believe me, if I got that gun, I would've saved the police a lot of trouble. I'd have killed them both. That's what I'm gonna do. Next time I'm gonna get the gun and I'm gonna shoot her. Honestly, I probably would've been as insufferable coming out. Oh, If you shoot me in the arm, like I would've come out and I would've been like, next time I'm getting that gun. I'm getting ya. Yeah, you shoot me in the arm, you're done. Yeah. But if Nathan Malow was fantasizing about a second visit from the Bandit in her companion, he would be sadly disappointed. After months of robberies and obviously very intense press coverage, The Bobbed Haired Bandit in her companion seemingly disappeared. Whoa. For weeks, the NYPD officers and detectives spread out across the city in search of The Bobbed Haired Bandit in her companion.


But the robberies had stopped altogether, and there was no sign of the infamous duo anywhere. Wow. Finally, in mid-April, investigators got a break when they learned that the Parkers, who were the couple that hired the car, and the driver that took them to the biscuit company were 20-year-old. Celia Cooney, 20 20-year-old Celia Cooney and her 25-year-old husband. Ed. Ed. Ed, honestly. Yeah. Her companion is us. That's the couple lived in Brooklyn until recently when they gave up their apartment and told their landlord that they were moving down to Florida. The NYPD detectives contacted authorities in Florida who put out an alert across the state.


And in the early hours of April 21st, Celia and Ed Cooney were arrested at a rooming house in Jacksonville. Damn. Is that her? Yeah. The Bobbed Bandit. She does look 20. She looks younger than that, to be honest. Yeah. Wow. So now who exactly were Celia and Ed Coy? Who were they? Well, Celia was born into extreme poverty and raised along with seven brothers and sisters. Whoa. By a single mother who relied on her children to beg for money in the street. Yeah. That's how bad things were. Ah, so she kinda, this was in her, in her bones already? Yeah. For most of her younger years, the family lived in a coal cellar. Oh. Until Celia was taken in by an aunt in Brooklyn when she was 14.


In 1918, she moved out on her own, and a few years later, in 1923, she met her now husband, VA ed, at a vaudeville theater on Fulton Street. I love that. I love vaudeville theater. That's so 1920s, like that's so of the time. And I, it's a beautiful love story. To be honest, she later remembered that night saying, I thought I'd blow 30 cents taking in a show and hoping to run into some friends. But by the end of the night, she struck up a conversation with the man next to her, and as the picture came to an end, she had fallen in love with Ed's quote unquote wonderful smile. Oh my God. Right. That's actually really sweet. They dated for a few months before they decided to get married on May 18th, 1923.


And Celia said, I'd never been so happy in my life, but we weren't saving a cent. Ed kept insisting on me, buying myself some nice clothes. It seemed so wonderful to me to be loved and worried about. So we spent our money that summer, almost as fast as we made it. Wow. At the same time, ed was working as a welder for a small garage in Brooklyn, and while the salary wasn't great, it was enough to pay a small rent on the small room that they shared in a rooming house. But in September, Celia learned that she was pregnant and that news changed everything. Oh. She told Ed, I'm not going to have my baby raised in a little two by four hole like I was Aw. Insisting that they needed to find a more suitable home for their family.


And Ed promised that he would find a way to make it happen. Oh, this was how, this sounds like such a like sweet story at first. You're just like, you like root for them. Yeah. You know, and then they just said, you know how we could do that Robbing a lot of places. Yeah. And you said, oh no, this was how Celia and Ed Cooney became The Bobbed Haired Bandit and her companion. Wow. And her companion Ed. At first, it all seemed like this strange fantasy to the young couple. Celia said, I had been reading magazines and books about Girl Scout, girl crooks and Bandits, girl crooks, girl crooks and bandits. And it began to seem like a game or play acting after I'd really came home with the guns. It was more exciting than anything I'd ever thought I'd do. Wow. The couple said they never intended to hurt anybody and they never wanted to.


The, the shooting at the Biscuit company was completely unexpected and it was an unconscious reaction from Ed when he thought his pregnant wife was in danger. He told the police and, and in that sense. You're like, ah, like you play, like obviously putting your, being in the position of robbing people whilst pregnant already, you're, you lose that argument. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like, that's it. But now you, you almost believe her when she says like, we didn't intend to hurt anybody because they never, never tried to before. No. You know, like it seemed like the intimidation tactic was what they were going with and it seemed to work. Yes. Which is wrong. And throwing people off kilter with her being the first one going in there with the gun, I think was their intention, like throwing them off completely at first.


Yep. And then Ed Conant in all tall and like, you know, get everything done. Get everything done. Yeah. And I think his reaction was a somewhat natural instinct. I guess he was just trying to protect his pregnant wife. His pregnant wife. He told it's not okay. They had put themselves in that position to begin with, so it's like precisely your argument falls flat. Precisely. He told police, I thought she had been struck or maybe cut and I fired through the door at Mazo who fell. My girl was down and I had to rush in. I picked her up and carried her out. And if they hadn't already planned to go to Florida after one final heist, the reports in the papers the next day certainly would've prompted them to run. Among the details of the holdup and the shooting were detailed descriptions of both Celia and Ned, along with orders from the, from Commissioner Enright to quote, shoot her on site if necessary.


Damn. Which is like, I don't think that's, it's a lot necessary, but yeah. Without the money from the biscuit holdup life in Florida wasn't much better than what they had in New York when they first got married, after spending most of their money on train and boat fairs to get to Jacksonville. The two had run outta money and they vowed not to commit any more holdups. Celia said We had less than $50 left and my baby was coming soon, which would cost money. The Bandit stuff was over. We never even thought of trying that again. So Ed set out to find work as a mechanic in Jacksonville, but by then their descriptions had made it to the papers up and down the East coast and would then would be followed by their actual names. So they knew it was only a matter of time before law enforcement caught up with them.


Yeah. A few days after their arrest, ed and Celia were brought back to New York, much to the delight of the New York press, who were happy to have their main story back in the city. The pair were quickly arranged arraigned on charges of armed robbery and assault, where they indicated their willingness to plead guilty to as many as 10 robberies. But they both maintained that they only started robbing stores in order to afford their baby and give Ed to find a better paying job. Give them some time to do that. Celia proudly told the court that the world owed them a living And she said, we did not want our baby born in an unfinished room. We needed money to get furniture and get set up on our, and set up our own home. And Ed said, I had been reading in the newspapers of numerous robberies and I decided I might get enough money that way to fix us up.


Damn. Although enthusiasm for the couple had waned slightly. Once they were identified, Celia and Ed still had a fair share of fans and more than a little sympathy, when they arrived to New York from Florida, their train was met by a mob of onlookers. Hundreds of people rushed the train stores just in an effort to get a look at the com, the Bandit in her companion, oh, I believe it. And more than a few of them were saddened to hear that just a few days before being brought back to New York, Celia had given birth to her baby and the baby unfortunately passed away a few days later. Oh, that's sad. Yeah. The baby was buried in Florida. Detectives meanwhile had a hard time believing that Celia Cooney was The Bobbed Haired Bandit who had plagued them for months.


If you see her, she's just this tiny little thing. She's so little friends and neighbors reported to investigators that Ed also was one of the nicest guys they knew, and they never would've suspected him to be an armed robber. But Celia, on the other hand, received fewer glowing reviews from people who actually knew her. Oh. According to one of her former landlady, Celia would quote, lay in a filthy bed in a filthy room until noon every day, reading detective and true crime magazines and watching boxing matches. Damn. Yeah. Wow. There's a lot to unpack there. And an anonymous source interviewed by the press also had questionable things to say about Celia. They said she would talk to men on the phone who had Italian names, and I had the suspicion then that she was talking to members of the underworld.


That's the way she struck me. These men had Italian names, like maybe she's just friends with Italians. Don't say like, Jesus Christ, I love how it's just like automatically, like that is the wildest story. Like she's talking to Joe Bonino, these, these men with Italian names. They're definitely part of the underworld. They have to be in the days after the arraignment, a new narrative was emerging in the press. Now that she had been unmasked, The Bobbed Haired Bandit was no longer a symbol of the feminist revolution. Now people just thought she was a low, a low class degenerate who had duped her husband into being her criminal accomplice. Damn. That might might have fallen. Fallen. Wow. We didn't plan that.


No. A few days after their arraignment, judge George Martin Annoucnes that he wanted the pair to be evaluated by psychiatrists after receiving concerning letters from members of Ed's family. According to the letters, ed had quote shown signs of a, a disordered mentality since childhood. Hmm. And he displayed apparent inability to grasp a situation. Oh. Which is interesting. That is interesting. Celia, on the other hand, was described in dismissive, in scathing terms. The press claimed that she quote, had begun to visualize the unwritten part of the detective's stories of which she's so fond of. She looks forward to the sentencing in court. Its dramatic possibilities appeal to her. Oh man. So there's like, she's wrapped up in this crime fantasy world. Really the the images of her is, is falling slowly.


Yeah. And now, now a little faster. Actually they're making an example of her, I would say it's hitting the skids. The psychiatrist's opinions of Celia were no kinder than the press had been. Celia, he claimed, was the head of the operation while Ed was quote, usually in the background. And his function was to smash the cash registers and gather in the loot while his wife took center stage. The psychiatrist told a reporter there was something abnormal and not womanly about her actions. She was acting under an impulse that was apparently unnatural. And in every case she dominated the man who was with her. She was the director and he was simply a tool. I love that. They're like, that's not womanly. I'm like, yeah, excuse me. I'm like, I should reevaluate my life.


Then I guess a few weeks later on May 6th, Celia and Ed appeared before Judge Martin, where they pleaded guilty to charges of robbery and assault. Each was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Ed went to Sing Sing and Celia went to Auburn Correctional Facility and they both had the opportunity for parole. After seven years before leaving the courtroom, Celia wrote one last note. This went to the judge in the hopes that he would share with the press and the New York Times shared it. She wrote to those girls who think they would like to see their names in the paper, as mine has been, or think they would like to do what I have done. Let me just say, don't try to do it. You won't. You don't know what you will suffer while I smile. My heart is breaking in me.


Ooh. She was just lost. She was very lost. She was very lost And she very wrong. Very bad choices. Very bad choices. Very bad choices. But I do have this weird sympathy for her because you think she, I mean she obviously grew up in a very rough Yeah. With nothing and it's like she clearly fell into these like, you know, detective magazines and all that And she fell I was this glamorous, like, yeah, yeah. But what she, again, the moral of the story is what she did was wrong. And you recognizing that. Yeah, because, because while she was obviously lost and like thought it was gonna be this whole glamorous thing, she also wasn't thinking about the people whose lives she was completely destroying us and putting at risk that kind of money, taking that from somebody like a grocer or somebody who owns a business, that's their whole livelihood.


That's it. It's like, and they have families too that they need to take care of. So it's like, yeah, you may be pregnant and you may be trying to like feed your kid. Right. Taking it outta somebody else's mouth who's working hard for it is not the way to do it. There's other ways. Yeah. Now, in late October, 1931, Celia and Ed Cooney were each granted parole on the condition that they find suitable employment. Unfortunately, for Ed, that was going to be pretty difficult. He had had an accident in the prison machine shop, and that had resulted in his arm being amputated. Oh damn. He sadly died from tuberculosis just five years later. Oh, poor Ed. I know Celia did manage to find work as a typist, And she remarried in the mid 1940s and just kind of did her best to stay out of the public eye.


She relocated to Florida And she died from natural causes in 1992. Damn. Isn't that crazy? Holy shit. Yeah. She lived a long life. Yeah, that was, that was a swell. A Jake a nifty. The cat's meow, the cat's pajamas, the bee's knees. I was having a ball. It was a whoopee. And with all that being said, we sure hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it. We, we, I don't know. That was my best not to. Weird that you try a transatlantic accent and you really fell miserably at that point.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.