
Hey weirdos. Before we unleash today's S Macab Mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad free layer. With early access to episodes, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance and investing. And more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you, LMW, or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in. At and t is introducing a new guarantee, the at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hello brethren. Happy after the holidays. It's after the holidays now here technically, but where you are in the future. In the future. It's after the holidays and we have a little business. Before we tell you why we're re releasing this specific episode, there is a reason for the season. Turn, turn, turn. And Ash is really good at business. Business is my middle name. Also admin. She stands on it. Nicole is also my real middle name in case you were wondering. True. Don't steal it. So anyway, steal. I don't know. Don't use it for bad. Just don't steal it. Okay. Everybody with middle, middle name is like, let me maintain my middle name. Let me anyway, back to the business next listener.


Till episode is going to be available on all platforms with video on YouTube on January 2nd. Whoa. Whoa. So I think we're doing two installments of listener tales for January. Yeah. Because of, you know, the holiday, you know, the first one that we're releasing in January on the second with video on YouTube is funny. The costumes, it's funny, all the other ones dead serious. But this one funny, funny funnier than the last one I might add. Maybe. Whoa, I don't know. We haven't even done it yet. That's a pretty tall order. Well, whatever. But anyway, Elena, back to you. Tell them why we're re-releasing this episode.


The Lady of the Dunes. So this was a crazy like mysterious case. There wasn't an answer for it unsolved. It was one of those, you might say it's on, it was unsolved, But you can't say that anymore. Don't say that. Can't say that anymore. Because there's an update to the case. We know who did it, now we know who did it. We know who The Lady of the Dunes is, and I'm not gonna spoil anything for you, but because we did a whole episode to update you guys on it. But If you need a refresher, here it is. Listen to The Lady of the Dunes. Say, oh my goodness, will we ever know what happened there? And then you can say, we do. Yes we do. And then go to the next episode and bought a boop.


Bought a, which will be next Monday. There you go. There's the update. So this is pretty fun. It's a little gift to you. It was a gift from the universe to the whole world to know who this woman was and to know what happened to her. So we're passing it forward. Enjoy. Please, enjoy. Bye. Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid and it's local to Massachusetts, The way you said.


And it's local to Massachusetts. Hello. I get excited about these. You should. I do. I like covering ones from Massachusetts. It's kind of my thing. It's kind of your thing. Well, do we have any business before we stay in Massachusetts? Before we stay in Massachusetts? So one weird thing happened that kind of goes along with this episode, because it happened in Massachusetts. It happened in Provincetown, didn't it? It did. It's happened in, or actually it happened in Cape Cod. Yeah. But like, so right around there. Yeah. But yeah, this guy Michael Packard, who is like a veteran lobster diver, which lobster fisherman. Wild. No joke. We have a cousin that's a lobster fisherman. We do. He is a lobsterman.


Shout out to Annie. To Annie. Yeah. It's, it's a badass job. It is a very dangerous job. And this guy, Michael Packard got swallowed by a humpback whale and then spit out. I mean, we're, we're happy for the latter part of that story. Very happy for the ending. Imagine having that life experience. Well, and I guess like his crew mate was on the boat and this guy was going down to check the traps and he said he just watches like the bubbles to make sure that he's like still alive, essentially. Sure. Yeah. And he said all of a sudden he saw this like crazy explosion of bubbles and he's like, oh my God, he, he died and I can't do anything about it. Yeah. Like literally in there helpless, whatcha doing?


Moment, moment. And the guy, I guess thought it was a shark that had got him. So he was like, oh, I'm dead. Like he was like, this is it. He said, I'm done. I'm dead. All I could think about was my boys. They're 12 and 15 years old. Oh. Which like kills me. And he was breathing through like a breathing regulator at the time. What? Inside of a humpback whale? Yeah. He said, hold on a humpback. I made that up. He said, no, it was a humpback whale. Okay, okay. Yeah, it was a humpback whale. It's the morning. It's, and apparently he was like struggling because he was breathing through that apparatus. Right. So he was struggling and the whale was like, wow, I didn't mean to eat you. Right. Like, you're not what I eat. Right. And so the, I think the whale like felt bad that he had eaten him.


And so he brought him to the surface to spit him out. We love a whale. We love a whale. Which I guess he said within like 30, 30 seconds, he said, but he said for a brief moment he thinks he was swallowed. Well he, yeah. He must have been like not just hanging out in his mouth. What the fuck? Isn't that fucked up? Can you imagine going home? And like your wife is like, Hey, how was your day at work? And you're like, oh, actually I got swallowed by a humpback whale. How was your day sweetie? I got swallowed by spit a humpback whale and then spit whale spit out. They initially thought he, he had broken both of his legs. Yeah. And they were like, he at least broke one. He apparently didn't break any bones when he went to the hospital. Why? Yeah. He went to the hospital, he just had soft tissue damage.


Oh yeah. What the fuck? And I guess an expert said that humpback whales are like gulp feeders. Like they just slurp and gulp. They just get as much as they can down. Yeah. So this was definitely like an accident. He just happened to be there. And I think he was just gulping up food and to suck him in. It's literally, I think that happens in Finding Nemo, like actually, yeah. And then there's, I guess there's a marine mammal expert, Peter Corcoran, and he's from the New England Aquarium, which our cousin worked at. Hey, I was just there the other day. Yeah. She's amazing. And he works there. And he was saying that the, basically him, the, the whale bringing him to the surface to spit him out, he said it's perfectly believable that the whale was trying to help him shut up.


I love this whale because there's evidence that say that humpbacks can be altruistic towards humans. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. It's like how elephants think we're cute. Yes. Yeah. I love that. It's the same thing. I fucking love animals. I do too. Oh my God, too. Not that I want to get swallowed by a humpback whale, but like Wow. Love it. But I think it was just like, it was a whoops moment for that whale that would be, it was embarrassing. And he decided that he was gonna try to make good at the end. It was embarrassing. He was probably really shamed. Imagine having that under your belt for two truths and a lie. Yeah. I was born here. I like the color blue. And I was swallowed by a back whale and they're like, okay, that's the lie. And you're like, I actually love the color red. I hate blue. Like, what the fuck? Like, that's an amazing story. I thought I had a good one.


Mine is just that I was born in Hawaii. Yeah. And people are always like, I mean, you do, that's the lie. And you're like, no, but I was not swallowed by humpback. No you are not. Maybe I'll still use it in two truths and a lie though. I think it's a good one. And you know what, Michael Packard, I'm really glad that you're Okay. Congrats. Yeah, congrats. And make sure you tell your boys because they're gonna love that story. Also. Are you gonna go back to lobster? I'm sure he will. He probably will. Those people are always just badass. Yeah. They're just, they don't care. Like that's just, they know the ocean. They know the dangers of the ocean and they're just like, yeah, yeah. I'm okay. Like I think at one point he was like, at least it wasn't a shark. Which you're like, yeah, but it was still a whale that swallowed you. Yeah. Like you were in the bell of a whale.


Yeah. That's scary. That's crazy. So also it took everything in me and now I just like can't get past it. When you said like, whales are gulp feeders. I was gonna say same. Yeah, I figured. And I couldn't let that joke go. I figured I You had to bring it right back down. It hits different after the fact. It does, but it still hits. It does. You're welcome. I think a lot of people can relate. Yeah. But yeah, so that brings us nicely into the episode today, which is, which is the crazy mysterious and gruesome case of The Lady of the Dunes. And unsolved, very unsolved. And now I wanna solve it. Whenever I get into one of these cases really hard, I'm like, Hmm. Well, you know, things do happen after we cover cases.


Sometimes they, I'm just saying, freak me out. I feel like this is, it reminds, this reminds me of like the Corina Homer case, the way I wanna, I wanna solve it. Wow. Like, I really wanna solve that case. Yeah. And I really wanna solve this case. And they're both Massachusetts. I solved the Corina Homer case. Yeah, I know who did it. I know what you did last summer, but I want like solved. Yeah. Yeah. Like I wanna on the, the books. You know, you want a real detective to be doing that. Need to know more information. We need to solve this citizen detective style. Let's do it. We're gonna solve this. Did you hear us? Did And we'll go, we'll solve this. We should just get like a true crime squad together. Let's do it. Get Sarah attorney. Like she's glitz doing the get Sarah thing.


Sarah turn. You're on the squad. We have to get Darien because we're newly best friends And she can make us look good too. Yes. So while we're doing this, yeah. I think that's, honestly, that's the dream team. It really is. I'm sure we'll think of more later. We'll add to the squad because it's early and I can't think, I mean the entire Morbid Network has to come. Exactly. Everybody. Everybody. All right. So guys, let's pack your bags. Come to Massachusetts. We're doing this. See you soon. We're gonna solve The Lady of the Dunes case. But let me tell you about it first so that you can, you guys can decide afterwards If you wanna join the squad. Yeah. So first of all, If you happen to have any information about this case, because it is a pretty well known case, especially around here, you can direct any tips, any information, anything that your grandparents may have slipped out at some point at dinner, at dinner time.


At Suppa. At Suppa. Oh my god. Yes. At the suppa table. If they sat there and they told you that one time they were in P town and it was July, it was hot. And I stumbled upon this dead body. Here's where you can tell the Provincetown police department. 5 0 8 4 8 7 1 2 1 2 or 5 0 8 4 8 7 1 2 1 3 or If you have any, any information about the unidentified body that we are going to talk about. Call the office of the Chief Medical examiner at 6 1 7 2 6 7 6 7 6 7 A. So make sure you call those If you have any information. So I'm gonna start this off with a quick little quote that's gonna like sum it up for you. What we're gonna talk about Alrightyy, for the last 47 years, investigators have been struggling to identify The Lady of the Dunes, A handle endless corpse that was found nearly decapitated on a Massachusetts beach.


So that's gonna tell you everything you need to know about. Whoop, there it is. Now it is wild to me. It's always wild to me when we can't find who did something, even if we have the identity of the victim, because it's like people should never be able to get away with this stuff, especially now. Right. But we don't even know who she is. That's the thing that is nuts to me, is that we don't know who this woman is. I know no one's been able to identify her. It's so scary. And when I start telling you who she was, where, how she was found, you're gonna see that it's strange because as they say, multiple times, she seems well taken care of. Right. You know, like she doesn't, she didn't come across as somebody who was like, you know, going from place to place or down on her luck or anything, down on their luck or not maybe wasn't connected to people.


She seemed like she interacted with people quite often. Okay. So what happened was a bit after 6:00 PM on Friday, July 26th, 1974, a 12-year-old girl named Leslie Metcalf was at Race Point Dunes in P Town. She was following a barking dog. It was a beagle. And she had been with friends at the beach. Leslie's sister Alyssa had sent in an interview later that she was at the stables that day. But her sister and some friends had gone to the beach to play. They had been hanging around and at a dune shack that a fa that family friends were renting. And a dune shack is exactly what it sounds like. But they were originally built like a century ago, or a century a A century.


A century earlier than like 1974. Yeah, exactly. Not now. But they were originally built as cabins for like these crews of people who would keep watch for ships so they wouldn't run a ground in cold water that's in bad weather. And they're just, they're exactly what they sound like. Just little shacks all across the dunes. Yeah. Now after a while they turned them into like beach rentals and places where like local artists or like, you know, creators of any kind could set up and sell their wares out of They're all over the place in B Town. Exactly. And on the cape in general. Exactly. Now her parents were there as well. And there were two dogs in the shack when they were all ready to head home.


They were just gonna walk across the beach and the dunes and go back home. They started walking and one of the dogs, the beagle followed them, which was fine. He was just walking down the beach with them. But then he kind of veered off the path and started barking wildly, like clearly trying to tell them something. He was very clearly indicating something he had found. Right. That was for sure. So Leslie was like, Hmm, what? 'cause she's 12 and I wanna know what that dog's doing. I mean, I'm 35 and I'd be like, Hmm, I wanna know what too. I wanna find out what that dog is barking up. And she followed him as I would. And when she ran off the beaten track after the dog, she quickly noticed a motionless form laying in the dunes. Oh my goodness.


And she, it was surrounded by tall grass. Now she said she thought the body initially was a deer at first, not a mannequin this time, not a mannequin. She thought it was a deer. And she said, you know, she was upset enough about possibly running into a dead or hurt deer. Yeah. Like that's still shitty. Of course. But then she saw the form completely. She made out some legs and feet And she saw hair tied up into a ponytail and caked with blood. Oh my goodness. And she realized that she was looking at a human body, this poor little 12-year-old year old Yeah. Twelve's finding that she could also smell the scent of decomposition nearby. Like, you know, she had been there for a while in the summer sun. So she was bacon. I was gonna say now what had happened though was it was really hot.


It's hot summers here and on P town and it's right next to the, it's on the beach right next to the water. Massachusetts water is not like crystal clear Caribbean water. Love that dirty water. So that smell of like the, the ocean and all that is can be gnarly. It, but it's something you just expect here. Yeah. That you're gonna have that beach smell just get hit in the face with like red tide, you know? Exactly. So it's like, so this smell of this decomposing woman in the sun for what they think could have been, you know, up to more than a week. Wow. I didn't know it was that long. Yeah. They think it was just kinda mixing with the witch tell you something about what the ocean smells like here.


Yeah. That people were just like, man, it's really, well there's probably like mad bodies in our oceans too, so. Yeah. Yeah, there definitely are. So she, yeah. So she could definitely smell it the closer she got. And their parents said that all they heard was her say, mom, dad, like she didn't scream, she just said Mom, like, so her parents went to see what was wrong and they discovered the body. Yikes. So this body was only found about a mile away from the Provincetown police station. Oh wow. That's, which is interesting. Now they immediately ran to the Dune shack that they had been at, and they contacted the Rangers. Leslie's recollection was that the clothing on scene was very neatly folded and placed under this woman's head.


She could see some clothing. And she said she immediately saw that this woman was naked, that her hands, she didn't see initially that they were missing. And we'll get into that. But she said her hands were buried in the, in the sand. Ah, gotcha. Luckily Leslie didn't see that the head was almost decapitated. She said she seemed like she almost looked like she was asleep. And sunbathing in the nude was, did it seem like she was face down? She was face down. Gotcha. Not she was all, all the way face down.


Morbid is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful, more personalized website tailored to their unique needs and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Connect major social and multimedia accounts to your website and a few clicks as icons, direct links or embedded feeds. Build visitor trust while updating content only where you need it. Extending your brand's footprint. Sellers can also sync their product catalog directly with Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and Google to reach more customers and reduce the steps for a purchase. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to www.squarespace.com/ Morbid to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer experience, a thrilling, new Paramount Plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star and Happy Face new series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


Apparently the family friends who had rented the Dune shack that summer said they never rented that shack again. They never returned to the dunes again because they were so disturbed by this whole thing. I mean, yeah, I would be too. And Leslie's sister Alyssa said their family had been visiting P-Town for years at this point. And it was a very safe area. Yeah. It's, especially then, it was like very safe. I mean, kids could walk around without their parents, they could run around on beaches and in the dunes to play. No one thought anything of it. It's, it's that whole thing of like quiet, quaint little town happens. It is nothing ever a quiet New England town. But it's, it's like every, and it's, it's, it is. Yeah. This is weird. So Alyssa, the sister also said that no one really interviewed them about their experience, the family and likely just went off of the ranger story for details.


Usually papers and stories say that Leslie was walking her dog and just came across the body. But that's not accurate. She's wrong. And I did find many stories that started off with a 12-year-old girl walking her dog. And that's wrong. I know. It's not like totally pertinent to Thefor like that she was chasing a dog that wasn't hers was walking home. Yeah. But still you should get the information, but it makes it seem like this 12-year-old girl was just alone walking her dog and stumbled across it. And that's just not what happened. Well, and like to not mention that the parents also saw something. Exactly. Because I guess I think the reason that they probably do that is like, oh, it's a 12-year-old. So like that's why we didn't really interview her. Exactly. We just let it go. And it's like, eh, so Park Ranger James Hankins was the first officer arriving on scene and he said she was laying face down naked on a green beach blanket.


He could see red hair and that she had been severely beaten over the head. Oh man. She was also seemingly missing her hands. He said they were not buried. He and other media outlets said the hands were shoved into the sands with pine needle piles around them, like her arms, like where her hands should be and it made it look like she was doing pushups. Weird. Yeah. And he was quoted as saying it was ghastly. It was as if she had been laying there alone or on a blanket with someone and someone came up and clubbed her. There was no signs of a struggle. Even the sand hadn't been disturbed. Wow. That's so weird. And that's something that a lot of people talk about is there was zero sign of struggle.


Right. People say it did not look like she was fought here. It didn't look like, it looked like she was there and was caught off guard. Well, and there for like, for there to not be like even like maybe blood splatter on the sand. Yeah. Like that's weird. It's wild. It's really wild. And I think there was like definitely like blood sp spatter Yeah. And stuff. But you could tell she didn't fight back. Right. So she was definitely caught off guard. Caught off guard. Which it's like, was she asleep? That's what the, that's honestly what a lot of people think is that she was asleep blanket. Well, and I feel like that's kind of an area too where you would go to sleep. 'cause like you don't have to worry about the water, like the tide changing, anything like that. And she, you the tall grass.


Exactly. She was hidden enough that she could have been sunbathing in the nude. Exactly. It's another like hiding in the nude and just kind of fell asleep. Yeah. And it's like, but what, who, what happened? Were you with someone? Right. So like I said, she, there was some clothing that were found. There was a pair of Wrangler jeans that were folded up like a pillow under her head, which to me says she went to sleep with those under her head for like a pillow. And there was also a blue bandana under her head. And she was laying halfway on a light green blanket, like a beach blanket. The Warren Tobias, who was the retired acting police chief in Provincetown said she was definitely posed there.


She was lying out on a beach towel as if she was sunbathing. So he doesn't think that she was asleep then. She was either posed there or that's like where she, what she was doing when it happened. Okay, gotcha. He could, so James, James Hankins, the ranger called Provincetown police chief at the time, James Jimmy Meads at home because they were friends, they, and actually, I guess Meads had given Hankins like some extra responsibilities. Like he could kinda like do more than a normal ranger could because he was like trustworthy. Okay. So he called him at home and he was like, you gotta get down here now. Provincetown police Chief James Jimmy Meads felt like it was his duty to solve this case.


Oh, so he was so trustworthy. He, well no, this was the police chief. Oh, well that's good. He is trustworthy too. He felt very connected to this case and he took every opportunity to push it forward and like really push down doors to get things done for this case. Like he had a forensics team come together at one point to create composites and claim models of her likeness. He literally said he wouldn't retire until he found out who she was. And for years he actually had her skull in his office as a reminder to himself that she was unnamed and can't be forgotten. Wow. That is a dedication. He also got her dental records and all information published anywhere he could and constantly brought up her case in any interview he did anywhere he could.


He was really trying to keep her case in the forefront and make sure she was not forgotten. It's so interesting that they did get her dental records, but like, or like, you know. Oh yeah. And we'll get into it. Don't worry. Okay. Because she has very specific dental records too, which makes it even weirder weird. I'm, I love this case. So he said, quote, with most murders, you try to figure out who the murderer was. I've spent years trying to figure out who the victim was. As the years dwindle on, more dentists will retire or die more dental records will be lost and the opportunity for identification will diminish. Maybe someone on death row will decide to cleanse his soul before he dies and confess to the murder. It appears that someday soon I'll retire and the case won't be solved.


But I'm sure whoever follows me in this job, if they get a lead, they'll call me and I'll be ready. Oh. And each chief after him have all made it a priority to bring this case back up and try and solve it. That's good. Every single case. I'm glad every chief after him has been like, priority number one is solving this case. Yeah. So when Mead showed up after Hankins called him, he showed up with two other detectives that evening and he saw the scene and he said immediately his head went to Tony Chop, chop Costa. Hey, we know all about Tony Chop Chop. We do, If you remember we did an episode about Tony Chop, chop Costa another killer in Provincetown.


And If you, I don't know if anybody caught that. Jimmy Meads is kind of a, a familiar name. I thought it was, but then I didn't know if I like, knew somebody like personally with that name. Yep. See Meads was in our, our Costa episode. I thought so. Yeah. He had actually known Costa since he was young when he moved to P Town. And he, Meads had been the one to recruit Costa as a drug informant before he turned into a serial killer. Ah. Because of his help in the drug informant cases, Meads wrote him a letter to get him early parole when he was in jail for nonpayment of child support. And he, because he basically wrote the letter to get him out so he could use him as a right police drug informant.


But five, so he got him out five months early in November, 1968. And two months after he was let out, he murdered Pat Walsh and Maryanne Masaki. Right. So Meads was part of the investigation. She, he actually spoke to Patricia Morton, who was the rooming house owner who told him that Marian Waki and Pat Walsh had spent two nights at her rooming house. And that a man named Tony Costa had also been staying there. At the same time she had told him that they had interacted and that she had not seen the girls in a few days. And as we know, Tony had killed them both. Right. So that's a bummer. So that's why their head immediately went to Tony. Exactly. So, and it's very much like the dismemberment and stuff is very Tony Costa.


Right. Tony Chop, chop Costa. But not like him. Sorry, I'm probably jumping ahead of you. Oh no. Well, well the big main thing was immediately thought of Tony Chop chop, but then he realized it couldn't be him because he had killed himself May 12th, 1974. All right, well that's out. So it couldn't be him. And I was gonna say, he didn't leave people out in the open, he wouldn't buried them in like the garden thing that he had. Yeah. He liked to do his little garden, his Tony garden. Yeah. They searched the surrounding areas around the scene for days and they found literally nothing. Not a shred of evidence. That's crazy. They even used bloodhounds. Nothing hit, couldn't find anything. I mean, it must be hard on the beach too because like wind blows and the sand moves, you know, like, I can't imagine.


Oh, absolutely. And it buries things and it's like, and then there's water involved. It's just all this, it's like the worst thing ever. So the autopsy was done Saturday, July 27th, 1974. What it, what it came out was she was about five, six, a hundred thirty five pounds and estimated to be between 25 and 40 years old. Her build was described as an athletic build. She had long hair that was reddish or described as Auburn in a lot of places. It was in a ponytail. They couldn't actually determine what color her eyes are because of decomposition. Oh wow. So what happens is when you die, you stop blinking and so you don't produce any kind of moisture in your eyes and there's no more blood circulation to help with all that.


So there's no oxygen coming into your eyes once you're dead because the cornea needs to be moist for oxygen to absorb into it. And lack of oxygen affects the opacity of your, of your cornea. Oh. And the lens. So it doesn't change the color of the eye technically, but If you're looking at it, it will appear bluish or white or like even gray because it's like, because it'll be cloudy basically. Yeah. It'll have that cloudy haze over it, huh. Yeah. That's so weird. I never knew that before. Yeah. It's like a weird thing. So sometimes it can be, especially after, if they've, they've been out for a while. Right. That's really gonna, they're gonna have cloudy eyes. It's just the way Oh, that's so frustrating too when you're dealing with like an unidentified body.


Yeah, exactly. So she also had pink toenail polish on. Oh girl. I know. That always gets me. It does. It does. Ever since the Willie picked an episode, 'cause you had said one of the girls was found with red toenail polish. Yeah. I paint my toes red all the time. Yeah. And I always think of it now because you always think, because I think that too, doing autopsies, I say it a lot that like little things always make me think like, oh, you had no idea that was last because it's the best time you were gonna paint your nails. You know, it's like such a personal thing. Yeah. That like you just do, like you don't paint your nails thinking of dying. It's like a self-care thing. So it's like they just, they e either you or someone painted your toenails just and you had no idea that that was the last time you would do that. And that, you know, it's sad.


It freaks me out. It always gets me now. Now we're gonna get into her teeth. So, okay. 'cause I'm interested. She had lots of teeth missing, but they are fairly sure that this was from the murder or circumstances be not circumstances before the murder. They think that this was on purpose that her teeth are missing. She had a lot of gold crowns in her teeth. Huh. Estimated between $5,000 and $10,000 worth of dental work in her mouthing. They actually sent out her dental records to dentists all over Massachusetts and the country also the FBI and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. Wow. And they didn't get anything.


Nothing. What? That is nuts to me. Nothing. I'm like What? And they think that the missing teeth were pulled out forcibly. Right. That they pulled them out intentionally. I remember hearing that. And how are there, I don't know if you know this, are there certain teeth that are better for identification? I don't think so. I think it's more dental work. Just in general. I mean, unless, all I can think about is if she had some kind of like maybe she had one tooth that severely overlapped another one. Right. Like things that would be like very identifiable. Right. Like she, if she had some really, really identifiable specific to her thing that they wanted to remove for that.


Yeah. But like to just the teeth themselves, there's, I think that it's just really the dental work that you're looking for. Well, and then does that say to you that this is probably somebody who's like killed before because they know that and they're like that, like callous to freaking pull a tooth? Yes. Because when we get into the hands, those hands were definitely taken off to take away fingerprints. Right. So this is somebody who knows what to take away identification. Right. And did a great job because we can't identify her. So clearly has probably done this before. I feel like that. I feel like that. I think so don't, don't think this is a one-off experienced level of Moira. And we're gonna get, at the end of this episode, we'll talk about the theories who, who has been brought up over the years and maybe talk about who we think could be it.


She was also sexually assaulted with a wooden block, but they think it was done postmortem. Oh. Which is terrible regardless. But her hands were cut off, like I said, one at the forearm and one at the wrist. Wow. So no fingerprints to identify her, obviously where her hands would've been, whoever placed her there had piled on pine needles like intentionally. The left side of her head had been crushed in like an eggshell. They said ouch. The medical examiner said it looked like the blow had happened from someone lying next to her or when she was asleep there wasn't any signs of struggle. She was on one side of the blanket. So it seemed likely that she may have known her killer or was at least slightly comfortable with them and was asleep and didn't see it coming.


Yeah. So it's either she was asleep, didn't see it coming and didn't know the person. Or she was on that blanket with someone. With someone and they, And she fell asleep or was just lying. And they took her out there and they took her out. She was almost decapitated. They thought this was due to a combination of multiple strangle strangulation attempts and also that blow to the head. It was done with a tool, which is called a military entrenchment tool. And that was actually the cause of death was the blow to the head. Yeah, I would think so. The military entrenchment tool is a collapsible spade kind of thing used by military and like survivalists, it's really sharp and usually made of like steel and shit.


Oh, okay. So I think it was James Hankins. Yeah. That said quote, the only instrument that could have been used to hack off her hands was an instrument carried by almost all dune buggies. Interesting. It was common in all sort surplus stores. It was a handy tool for a camper. It was a folding shovel called an entrenching tool. It was standard issue item for anyone in the infantry soldiers in World War II in Korea carried them. It was very sturdy, made out of heavy metal, semi pointed spade. Like the blade could be folded down on the handle or it could be raised to a perpendicular, like a hoe. Or you could make it into a shovel with a straight handle around 18 inches long to in hand-to-hand combat.


You could use it to fight your enemy. Wow. So this is a versatile tool. It is. And it sounds like every dune buggy had one. Yeah. Which is interesting. It's, and that it's a good tool for campers, people who camp out on the dunes people. So this is opening up like many doors. A lot of doors


Listen up. Weirdos. We gotta talk about drunk elephants. Proteiny, polypeptide cream. I am straight up obsessed with this stuff. Imagine adding a protein boost to your morning smoothie for extra energy. But now picture Proteiny doing the same for your skin. It is that powerful. Just as our bodies need protein to stay strong and healthy. Our skin craves peptides and nutrients just like our bodies do. Think of it as a nourishing protein shake. But you face Proteiny is a breakthrough moisturizer that delivers daily moisture. It visibly firm and strengthens skin and it improves the appearance of skin's texture and tone, fine lines and signs of sun damage. I have incorporated this into my daily routine and my skin is feeling so nice. This is a super lightweight cream, which I really love. I'm not a super big fan of like a heavy cream. This is a gel cream that delivers daily moisture, visibly firm skin. It has nine signal peptides and I am obsessed with it. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


Life doesn't happen by weekly. So why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with earnIn. earnIn is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $150 per day with a max of $750 between paydays. Just download the earnIn app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. Sometimes you just wanna have a special night out for like no reason at all. You're like, I gotta take my man's out. I gotta take my girl out. And then you look at your bank account and you say, oh, my bank account doesn't want me to do that. Well, you know, who does earnIn download? earnIn today? Spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App store. When you download the earn an app type in Morbid under podcast when you sign up, it will really help the show. Morbid Under podcast. earnIn is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash outs are based on your available earnings standard. Cash outs take one to two business days with no mandatory fees option to expedite your transfer for free. Tips are voluntary and don't affect the service. See cash out user agreement for details. Service is not available in all states.


There was also a ton of insect activity on the body Yeah. That they noticed. We'll also mention that again after we talk about the theories. Yay. Now the stomach contents indicated that she had recently eaten a meal of burger and fries. Got it. Girl. Which indicated to a lot of people that she had been in town that day. Yeah, you would think so. Maybe at one of the burger and fry joints. Right. And she had estimated to have been dead for at least 10 days, but possibly as long as three weeks. Whoa. Dude. They believe she was, they were thinking that she was possibly killed somewhere else. If it's not the theory of her being asleep. Okay. Just because of the lack of stuff at the crime scene.


Right. There was blood, but like I think it wasn't as bloody as you would think it would be. Right. At that scene. And then when you get into the insect activity, does that kind of like skew it even more? It's, it's honestly, it doesn't, but it's like, I think they just can't figure it out. Yeah. They can't figure this out. It's like she looks like she could have been asleep on that towel. On that towel or it could have been all set up to look like she was sleeping on that towel. 'cause it almost does seem like too perfect like pos, right? Yeah. 'cause it's, but it's like she's on, the other thing is she's on her, she's face down. Right. So it's like you would sunbathe that way. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like you would do that, but then it's like, would somebody place you face down or would they place you face up?


Maybe they would place you face down to make it look like you had been sunbathing now. Exactly. Right. So they probably don't wanna rule out anything because it could be anything. Yeah. They have no evidence to say exactly what is going on here. Which is, oh my God. So frustrating. I can't imagine working on this case. Even just like listening to it is frustrating. So frustrating. So no missing persons matched that description. None. They searched all local motels and hotels asked if someone had seen someone matching that description or if someone had not returned to their room matching that description. Nothing. It's like, how is she not connected to anybody? That's the thing. And again, no fingerprints, so we can't even try that. I know now a detective named Detective Flynn said quote, it's certainly unusual that no one misses her.


She must have had a husband, boyfriend, parents, someone she had been pretty well taken care of. We know that. So she was like in a, like in a state where obviously she had almost $10,000 worth of dental work in her house. Yeah. Right. It's, she was not just like floating around homeless. Right. So it's like you try, like, your mind just goes to all these different things. Yeah. Like I, like, one of the first things I thought was like, was she like a runaway? Like, and had been like, had runaway like a long time ago And she had her dental work and not dating anybody. Like maybe, you know, it's, I it's, there's so many ways you could go with it. Yeah. And it's, and especially in the seventies, it's like people were like going off on their own, doing things on their own all the time.


Oh yeah. And Provincetown was like a perfect place to go. Just Right. Mean look at Tony Chop Chop. That was like his whole life Right. Was just floating around Provincetown. So it's like, maybe not like, but she's not a drifter because she's well taken care of. So it's exactly, it's weird. And she must have been staying somewhere. Like, her hair's nice. It's in a ponytail, you know? Yeah. Like it seemed, yeah. They don't describe it as like unkempt or anything. Right. So it's, it's very strange. There were two pairs of footprints seen in the sand around the scene. They appeared to be heading towards the body, but they never came right up to it. Hmm. So that's interesting. There was also a set of tire tracks present about 50 yards from the crime scene. But again, it could have been weeks.


So that could happen. Right. It could have just been like a dune buggy. Yeah. So over 30 different police officers searched the entire Cape and they had zero leads. Zero. I could not imagine. Now, a few years later they were getting a little desperate. So they sent Jimmy Meads to New York City to see a psychic named Yoanna Bard, who was known as the queen of the psychics. Okay. She had worked on a lot of cases, a lot of well-known people. And at this point they're like, can it hurt? Right. Might as well just give it a shot Sometimes it can though. It can. So apparently he placed case things in front of her, but they were all in sealed packages. Okay. So she wouldn't know what was inside of them.


It was, it was their test. Sure. They were like, you prove to me that you can, that you're the queen. So they were like, he, he was literally like, tell me something about, wanted to like tell me what's going on in one of these. So she stopped over one of them and said, I sense blood in this one. And it was an envelope containing a bloody piece of evidence from the crime scene, but also like there probably would be blood in one of them. It's true. So, but then she said she saw dripping And she said there was a beach. Now she didn't know what she, okay. What victim she was talking about here. Right. She said there was a beach where the victim was found And she said their hands were buried. That's what, yeah, that's huge. So she gave him directions to where the hands would be found buried. Oh wow.


And he went back to P Town to look, he was like, all right, I'm gonna go check this out. And he put everything she said together and decided that the place she was indicating he thought was a place called the Ace of Spades, which was a bar in town and it had been a wa it had been there for a while. And what happened was that the water, I guess dripped onto the beach from some of the sinks. It was like known that they So the dripping water? Yeah. And it all kind of matched up with the description. So he went there And she had told him that they would be buried like on in the basement. And unfortunately found out that two months earlier they had cemented the basement. Oh my God.


And he's, that's, that's also a little weird. Little strange, little strange. Like why are you just cementing your basement out of nowhere? Exactly. I mean, maybe you have radon, but still maybe Massachusetts. It's old. We got lots of radon coming up in these, these random dirt basements. I know. So it's really not that crazy to think of. It's really not basement, it's still like, come on. But it's curious timing. Well, and he was thinking he was gonna be able to at least dig around and he couldn't even do that. Sucks. So James Hankins, the Ranger, said that he had walked away from the crime scene that night and he noticed something when he walked away. Oh girl. And he said he didn't say anything and it's always bothered him. He said he saw pictures and words drawn in the sand a little ways away.


But he said he didn't, it didn't look like kids drawings to him. 'cause he was like, at first I was like, oh, kids drawn in the sand all the time. All the time. It's the cape. Like kids are here all day every day. Yeah. But he was like, for some reason it just didn't ring his kids' drawings to me. Did he go look? And he says it always bothered him because he didn't investigate it or take a photo because he was like, whoever drew those things was definitely close to the body recently. Right. Because they would've been erased by the wind or the waves if it was done earlier. Right. So he is like, it always bothered me that I didn't take the second to go see what they, that bothers me as well. I know. And the body was finally laid to rest at St. Peter's Cemetery in October, 1974.


Her tombstone says, unidentified female body found race point dunes. Oh that's very sad. Yeah. And actually Alyssa Metcalf and said she and her sister, Leslie, who was the one who found the body, would often go to the cemetery and visit her grave. I love that. And they said they always felt like a weird connection to her. Yeah. And it always bothered them that like, they still dunno who she is. Well, and it's like you have to like respect them like through the afterlife too, you know? Exactly. You know, like flowers or something. Yeah. And it's like she's unidentified, right? Like somebody knows her and somebody, her, somebody cared about her. You know, like who are you? Right. Who are you that misses her and hasn't said anything. But in 19 87, 10 years after this, a Canadian woman came forward and said she thought this woman could have been a victim of her father's.


Apparently when she was young, which hurts my heart. She witnessed her father strangle a woman while he, she was visiting him in P-Town in the seventies. Oh shit. Now this woman thought that this was the woman. She was like, I think I recognize her as the woman. Wow. So they get this and they tell Meads about it and he was like, I'll go up to Canada and I'll, I'll interview this woman. Hell yeah. Like, I'm going. So then they tried to contact her again to get more information. She had moved out of her home and they literally couldn't find her again. Bitch. And she never contacted them again. I have goosebumps, right. Look at my arm. Right. I mean, I feel like, well it's like that's really shitty.


Like why would you call and like get them excited to fix this? Obviously that must be like a really traumatic thing for you to have to like even call in the first place. But it's like, but it's like someone lost someone and like clearly you were trying to help. So like what made you change your mind? Just follow through one, you have to wonder like, is her dad still, was her dad still alive at Well that's what I wanted. And she got scared and like he found out or something. Yeah. Like did someone find out in the family? He was like, you gotta be quiet. Did he find out there's so much that could happened there. She alive. It's like we, we don't even know. I can't find any information about what this lady's name is or anything. Dude, imagine if her dad like found out and he like also killed her. Imagine like, that's not, I need to possibility. Have tons of digging to find who she was.


I'm gonna keep digging to find who she was. 'cause I'm, I swear to you. Imagine I wanna find out her. Imagine this woman. I'm gonna find this woman. Oh, come on. I'm just gonna call Canada. Hi. That's me Elena Morbid. Me Elena. And I'd like to talk to do have any contacts in Canada guys? We do. Calling one 800 Canada. Excuse me. That's spooky. Johnny and Tyler. Accurate. Very accurate. Can you help me? I meant like contacts to like the police people. Yeah. Johnny and Tyler, they're very important people. Like they can, they can help us out. I mean, they are VIP. They are. All right. So Johnny, Tyler, let's get on this together. More squad up. Alright. 100. We're making this squad huge. Huge. All right, so we got the, we got the Canada squad up, so we're ready.


I'm good. But then there was also a Maryland woman who called and said she thought the woman was her sister who had been, she had just moved to Boston, I guess recently. And before this, like when this was happening, the sister, the sister and suddenly had disappeared. Oh. And she was spending time in P town. Right. Because it's a very normal fucking, no one knew where she went that year. She said she just disappeared. Vanished. What? And she said her sister matched the height, weight and hair color. Did she say anything about dental work at all? Well, that's the important part because Meads actually asked for her sister's dental records and they were able to ship them out to Meads because he was like, let's do this.


They weren't a match. Fuck you. No gold crowns, nothing like that. Wow. So sounded really good. And I honestly, I feel bad for the girl, the Maryland woman because now it's, she probably had, I wonder what happened to her sister. Well, And she probably had like some ounce of hope, like up it all, some kind of closure. You know, the crime scene now is, and at the time was I guess in the seventies was the biggest tourist attraction was that place on the dunes. And even now it's a big pull for people to I get it. But I'm also like, ah, I know. It's, it's one of those things that it's like it's, you can have a million opinions about it. Exactly. But it's one of those things that like, it's never gonna stop. No. That kind of like in, you know, it's seeing a place like that, it's like going to the Lizzie Borden house.


Exactly. You know, it's like, it's it's not gonna, it's like going to the Curiosity Cemetery in Salem. Exactly. It's, it's Morbid curiosity. Definitely go to Salem. It's amazing. Oh my God, I love Salem so much. I love Salem. It's also like, like I said in the other episode about it, it's, I think it's like a profound experience going to Salem. Absolutely. When you go to like the historical places. Well, and there's so many like historical sites. Like we went to like at least like 42 when we were there the other day. Exactly. Massachusetts has like a lot of good history. I think guys come to Massachusetts. If you're from here, you get it. Hello. I'm from the board of, of tourists tourism. I can't speak, I'm from the board of tourism. I'm on a board on MA in Massachusetts. Come visit Massachusetts.


Come little children. Yeah. That was in Massachusetts too. See we have tons of shit. I'm dead ass. All right. So they did exhume her body in 1980, 2001 and 2013. Ah. See that makes me, I know they have to, but it have to, it makes me so sad. I know. But I'm one of those, I think it's like the science in me. I'm like, nope, bring them up. You gotta look at him. Absolutely. But then you're just like, who are you? Like can, well that's, she can't rest. She's peace being so disturbed. Yeah. You just want her to rest in peace. But they ke you know, advances keep happening in, in science and forensic science. Yeah. So every time something comes up, they're like, let's bring her up and see if we can use this. Well, and then exhuming her is eventually to get to the goal of her rest in peace of Hering in peace.


Exactly. And that's always the goal with ex Exum a body, is to eventually get them to rest forever. But honestly it hasn't. Nothing's come up. Ah, every time they brought her up, it's nothing is, is moving forward. This is the strangest case. Now, a woman who people might know named Sandra Lee, she's a crime writer, she said when she was nine years old, she actually discovered The Lady of the Dunes first with her sister, but was too horrified to tell anyone at nine years old. Hmm. She was with her dog and stumbled upon her And she said, quote, I stumbled down an incline with my dog. The dog was ahead of me. My dog got excited about something. I heard a very strange noise.


If you can imagine someone holding a string of pearls. I heard that sound. And then there was a horrible smell at first. I attribute it to low tide. She was face down, her hair was a mess. And I could see a gouge in the right side of her neck. Her arms were tucked down in the sand. So I didn't know anything was missing. I recognized the green blanket right away. The lower half of her body was covered with something. She later found out that that sound like somebody holding a pearl necklace, which you can know. You can tell what that sound is. That was the sound of hundreds of thousands of maggots crawling all over her body. Whoa. Yeah. She says she is sure that she's like, I am sure either one or a couple other people must have stumbled upon this body and those three weeks and just were too scared to say anything.


That's a little messed up. And she was like, 'cause she was like, if it was kids, there was kids over. Different story all over the speech. Always playing in these dunes. That's so scared. Think about it. These two people are two children. Yeah. A 12-year-old and a 9-year-old. Yeah. I am sure another kid ran across this. I was absolutely, I was, I don't know what that is. Or ran across it and thought it was just a naked sunbather. Especially from a distance. And now I have a question. How do you transport a bo? Like how do you get the insects off of a body to transport it? Usually they transport with the insects. Do they? Yeah. So the people that transported, they just like gown up or something? Yeah, they, oh yeah. Definitely. Gotcha. Especially in a case like that where it's like so many And then you must just like, I mean you'll definitely out afterwards.


You'll definitely try to like get them out when there's like hundreds of thousands. Yeah. But you don't wanna wipe the evidence too. There's in the bag basically. Have you ever opened a bag and had, I haven't inss be in there. I haven't luckily. Ah, which is a good, a good thing. Sorry, sorry. Just a little side note. I was really curious. I down for insects. I, they can exist. I just don't wanna exist. Maggots are not for me. Maggots are, are not something I wanna deal with. And that is really a great way to describe the sound of thousands. I don't of mag. Really continue to think about it. Don't like a pearl necklace in your hand. That's actually my birthstone. So please leave. So, so please leave. Thank you. Alright.


Hey listeners, this is Tony Collette and I'm so excited to introduce my new audio fiction series, Madam Ram. Madam Ram tells the incredible dramatized true story of Georgia Frontier, A former showgirl turned owner and heavy hitter in the boys club that is the NFL. When her sixth husband Carol Rosenblum dies, she shocks everyone by inheriting the LA Rams and taking the reins of a major sports franchise, relying on astrological charts to make key decisions. She turns the NFL on its head. And to this day remains one of the most beloved despised and controversial figures in modern sports. Madam Ram, the woman who took on a man's world and won, follow Madam Ram on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you're listening now to be among the first to listen.


Here's, here's some of the theories that have come across or people of interest. Okay. Somebody thought she might have been a woman named Rory Jean Kessinger. Now, this was a 24-year-old woman at the time, And she matched the height and the weight of the lady in the dunes. She was also known to be a drug dealer and a bank robber. She was picked up at one point running around naked in the woods in Pembroke saying she was, had been sexually assaulted and an off-duty police officer brought him to his home to call for backup. And when she got in there, she turned off the lights, stole his gun, and then said she had to kill him. What the fuck? And he wrestled it from her. But she went to jail for assault and intent to murder.


Wow. She went to jail in Plymouth. And on May 26th, 1974, she escaped from jail because someone smuggled her in a hacksaw And she sawed through the bars like, I hate to say this, but like bad bitch vibes. She was never seen again. Unless she's the lady on the dude. She was never seen again. Such a different, no one knows where she went. Such a different Rory. Such a different Rory. Honestly though, not a different Rory Gilmore. She did go to jail. She did steal a boat. Huh. And she commits, she's part of many adulterous affairs. So she's, she's not on, I know if she's robbed any banks though, she, I don't know.


Do we don't know. We didn't see her. We didn't see her Rob a bank, but we didn't see her. Not Rob. I can't say she didn't Rob. I didn't see you not Roba banks. So I, maybe it just didn't make the final cut. I don't know. But either way, it wasn't Rory Gilmore. Okay. And it wasn't this Rory because in 2002 DNA from her mother, they used like familial DNA compared to the unknown body proved it wasn't her. You know, I didn't think it was her. I didn't either, but a lot of people thought it was because the other thing was you see a picture of Rory and you see a picture of this un the composite Sure. Of this girl. They do have a striking resemblance to each other.


Interesting. So it is interesting. Now, one of my favorites and one that I think has a little bit of legs here Okay. Is that James Whitey Bulger did this. And do you, you think this has a lot of legs? I think it has legs. Okay. I don't, I'm not sold. Okay. But I think I, I, I am like, it's one of those that I can see that it definitely could be him. And I can also be like, eh, eh. So it's just like, it's one that I just will keep over in a corner. Well, and if you know anything about Whitey, like in the whole beginning of this thing, I said like, this is clearly somebody who's killed before.


Exactly. In my opinion, at least. Well in, you know, we ev especially if you're in Massachusetts, like p everyone knows Whitey Bulger. If you're in Massachusetts, you definitely know Whitey Bulger. Yeah. You're probably his cousin. And your grandparents are probably telling you that they should've just let him keep being on the lamb. 'cause it because he's a harmless old person. Yeah, yeah. Sure. Papa. That makes sense. Yeah, sure. So Witnesses said that they saw, 'cause people would see Whitey Bulger all over the place. Yeah. He was, he was existing among everybody. Everybody was vibing. Everyone was just letting him do his thing because Whitey was a vibe in a house. He was scary. So Witnesses said that they did see him with a woman who matched The Lady of the Dunes description in P-Town at this time.


Interesting. He was known at this time to be in P-Town. He, what the fuck was Whitey Bulger doing? InTown. Do you wanna know what he was doing? He was frequenting a bar in the area called the Cron and Anchor. I mean, it makes sense, but like, yeah. I p-Town is just such a chill vibe and Whitey is such a chaotic vibe. He is. I think he's chaotic in Boston and I think he chills and town, he's vacationing. But if he did this then he was chaotic everywhere. Chilly. So it'll erase my view of him being chill and pe on. But yeah. So this, this bar, the cron and Anchor that he loved Frequent down here was very close to where they found her body. Oh, that's weird. His thing was to remove his victim's teeth.


Right. He did have a thing for that. Sandra Lee, the crime writer thinks she may have that this woman may have been an Irish immigrant and that she was groomed by Bulger to be forced into sex work. Oh no. Because he was also a human trafficker. Yeah. Like he was in all that shit. He's a real bad guy. It's a real bad guy. I feel like some people kinda like he his, he gets glossed over. Yeah. As just like, I feel like a lot of these like mob bosses, mob mob bosses and like crime families, they become a thing glorified. You know, you watch The Sopranos, you see The Godfather and you see how terrible it all is, but somehow it just, everyone just kind of is like, but that's a cool crime family.


You know what I mean? Like I, it's just, I think it's like a weird human thing that ev that a lot of people do. Yeah. And I think he's one of those characters that's so infamous that people just are like Whitey Bulger, you know? You know what it is? It's like Hollywood makes it is. It's very a it's, he's he's he's become a Hollywood figure. Yeah. So I think it glosses over the true atrocities that he did. Yeah. Like, like he murdered his own girlfriend. He did. And he murdered his own right hand band's girlfriend. Like made him help him do it. Yeah. Oh. Oh, maybe Redman fl. Is that what I'm thinking of? Yeah, I mean he definitely like murdered women. Yeah. And he did it in pretty, and he would like strangle them too, which is again interesting. Which they think she may have been strangled. She, so she thinks this, this could be that. And maybe that's why we're not identifying her because she's not from here.


Right. The New York Times reported quote, tales of his exploits were learned from childhood there. How he shot men between the eyes stabbed rivals in the heart with ice picks, strangled women who might betray him and buried victims in secret graveyards after yanking their teeth to thwart identification. That is 100% true. Yeah. If you grew up here, you grew up hearing tales of Whitey Bulger. Literally like, there was like a Whitey Bulger, like a book about like him on my summer reading. Oh yeah, yeah. Black mass probably. I maybe, was it black mass? I don't think it was. It was, I don't know. I'll, I'll think of it later. But yeah, so Sandra Lee actually thinks he's the guy.


She thinks that's who did it. Interesting. I mean, I think you're right. It, it does have legs. It's never been proven that she isn't one of his victims. They haven't been able to prove she is. And they also haven't been able to prove she is, people hoped he would confess to it, but when he was arrested, but like he was beaten literally to an unrecognizable pile of meat by inmates in West Virginia October 30th night 2018 when he was 89 years old. Yeah. He literally entered prison and they literally just beat him to shit. Yeah. So he didn't exactly get a chance to admit it. Which is kind of a bummer. Kind of a bummer. And actually kind of interesting that like inmates beat him to death because you Yeah. There is like, you know, that like how there's a hierarchy in prison.


You would think a mob boss would be on top. You would think, I don't know if that has to do with, but he was so horrific. Like, I don't know. It's a weird, it's a weird, it's a weird flex there. I don't know. It is. But I mean, he is a really bad guy, so I, yeah, he was, I mean he was 89 at the time. He had also been on the Lamb for so long. Maybe it was like they were pissed that he got away with it for so long. I don't know. Who knows? Either way, he really got it. He got got, but I really would've preferred him to be able to maybe get convinced to like admit a few things. I just feel like there, there's, well he would've had many things to admit. There's some families that would I think would've liked to hear some closure and stuff.


So it's like that's a bummer. Yeah, exactly. That's why like prison justice sometimes you're like, eh, okay. But like I would've liked to get some information. Yeah. Like, you know, it works when you're like throwing hot water over Daniel OL's killer. Exactly. Or like tattooing toing Katie's revenge on that guy's forehead when he killed. That's the most old girl. That's the like girl thing I've ever heard in my life. That stuff. I'm like, all right, do that. Yeah, I can still talk feel free. But like yeah. This is just tough. But yeah, so that's, that's possibly who it could be. Okay. There's another one in 2000, a serial killer named Hayden Clark confessed to the murder of the Ladies of the Dunes. Okay. He confessed from prison while he was serving two 30 year sentences for the murders of a 6-year-old girl.


Oh. Named Michelle Dore and a 23-year-old woman named Laura Hoel. Oh my goodness. He claimed he killed up to 12 women. And he said he buried some of the evidence on his grandfather's property, like in his garden on the Cape. That's a dick move. And Clark explained that he had buried evidence from The Lady of the Dunes crime in his grandfather's garden on the Cape. So did we go there? And he said he knew the woman's identity, but he was not gonna tell authorities because he said they were mean to him. So he's not gonna tell them it's really not their job to like make you feel super welcome. So just so you know. Yeah. So he led police on December 15th, 2000 to his grandfather's former property.


And they did dig in the garden and did find a big plastic bucket filled with more than 200 pieces of jewelry. Interesting. Among these things were Laura Hotel's high school class ring. Wow. So he was telling the truth that he buried some of his murder victims things in there. He said they were literally trophies to him. Like he did that for a reason. Of course. The fuck. But they couldn't connect anything to The Lady of the Dunes 'cause they don't know who the fuck she is. Right. So any of that jewelry could be her jewelry. Right. And we don't know, police don't believe him though because one, there's no physical evidence that they can connect to him. And then also he was diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic.


And so it's hard for him to tell reality from fantasy. Right. And he has moments where he is telling a story and spinning a yarn and it becomes a fantasy. Sure. So they think maybe this was just him just, it happens all the time. Yeah. That these people in prison who are there for atrocities will confess to other crimes like Henry Lee Lucas honest tool. They, they did the same thing. They just like to do. It's, it honestly, it's just a fuck with the investigators. It's just to fuck with people. And it's like mental illness case, mental illness, illness. And it's like, so they were like, this just isn't really credible. So they were like, yeah, we're not gonna be able to really do much with that. This whole fucking case is so frustrating. And then there's my favorite theory.


Oh, okay. In 2015, Stephen King's son, Joe Hill had a theory he wrote in a blog post that he believed that The Lady of the Dunes can be seen alive as an extra in jaws. Oh my God. How did I forget about this? Yes. I literally knew that this was a thing. Yeah. But the entire time we were doing this, my brain just forgot that piece of of life. Yeah. And he said in his blog post, what if the young murder victim no one has ever been able to identify, has been seen by hundreds of millions of people in a beloved summer Classic. And they didn't even know they were looking at her. And he said, what if the ghost of The Lady of the Dunes haunts jaws?


That freaks me the fuck out there is a woman who looks just like the sketches and composites and is wearing Wrangler jeans and a blue bandana. I mean, hello. But there's a lot of women at that time that dressed exactly like that. Yeah. So he said, quote, this particular woman bears a shocking resemblance and appearance and wardrobe to the murder victim. Suddenly I tingled all over and came halfway out of my seat. And for the barest of a moment, I thought I had seen her. Now Jaws had been filmed two hours away from the crime scene. So not that far away. They had never recorded the names of their extras. Oh shit. And a lot of locals were extras.


Like they would just show up and agree to appear in the final cut. Yeah. So police are skeptical, but they said they are not gonna say it's not possible that that is her. I mean, of course a lot of women dressed like that at the time. But the fact that this woman looks like her, looks like her in the blue bandana is huge. That's a big one. And did they ever find like a bathing suit top or anything? No. They didn't find anything like that. I know that's what's weird. And, and so Joe Hill said quote, part of me thinks that my subconscious mind is so programmed, so trained to quickly generate ghost stories. That, that's all I've done here. 'cause he is Stephen King's son. I was gonna say that is true. But Jaw's screenwriter, Carl Gottlieb checked his production notes and he said this scene number one 30 with the extra that they're talking about was filmed May 25th, 1974, two months before and only a hundred miles away from where she was found.


Interesting. Two months. So she would've been alive. Right. Two months is like a long time before like, but I mean she could have been living there, but she was there. Yeah. Like she could have just been there. Right. I know. I'm thinking of her as like a vacationer. Yeah. And she, she might've just been living there. Well and then in 2019 investigators said that they were going to reexamine the case, trying to use new techniques. They were gonna use DNA analysis and genealogical family building sites to try to do it. This is the same kind of thing they used with the Golden State Killer case. It's becoming a real like valuable thing for these kind of cases. And Cape and the Island DA Michael O'Keefe said quote, we're going to examine everything we can with respect to Thema the remains.


Now I'm just gonna leave you with one exciting possible thing. American Horror Story. Season 10 is being filmed in Massachusetts and it has hinted at a Lady of the Dune storyline bitch, possibly as a subplot. Oh my God. So I did, I like combed Reddit for some theories about this too. 'cause they're really good at like finding these things. They are filming in P-Town. They are filming in P-Town. Do you think Billy Lord is in Is in P-Town? Yeah, I think she was. And Murphy. Ryan Murphy said quote, he like put something on his social media that said quote, something's washing up on the shore girl. Something like that. And then teased the photo with two hands on the beach.


And as we said, a big part of this was her missing two hands. Right. And Murphy has teased out more teasers that have teeth in them. Interest. I mean if if it's not like the main thing. 'cause either way this is set in Massachusetts. Right. So I'm excited in P-Town. I'm excited to see what it is. I'm so excited. Like I wonder if there's like a Tony Chop chop part or anything. Maybe, but either way it could definitely be like a subplot. Absolutely. They always put those little like nods. Well then, and you have to wonder like, is it gonna be in the seventies because oh my God, I love to watch shit that is set in that time period. I bet it is. I wonder. I need to know. So I'm excited to see, I love American Horror Stories, so, so good. I would love to see it.


And that is the very frustrating tale of the lady in the, of the dunes that, you know, we don't know who she is. Someday I think we're gonna update you guys. I'm gonna manifest it. I, I think we're gonna do it. Let's think to solve it. I think we, so far, we have a good squad. We got Johnny and Tyler up in Canada. Sarah turn. Yep. Girl. Come on squad. Get shit done. I know you can get shit done. Bailey, Sian Bailey, Sian, get over here. Make me look good while we investigate this, please. Yes. And yeah, we're, I think we're gonna do this. Let's get it friends. We'll add some more. Don't worry For sure. Who else should be on the squad? Everyone is gonna volunteer. Oh, you know what, Jordan from the nighttime podcast, he's up in Canada too.


We got him. Maybe he could find the woman Canada squad. All right, let's go. I, I'm ready for this. Guys. If you're in, you're in. Well we'll tag you. See you soon. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, bons weird that You don't sign up to be part of our squad to vitally solve this case. Thank you. Goodnight.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Lindsey Graham from the podcast, American History Tellers. And if you're still reeling from Ash and Elena's episode on the Boston Molasses disaster and you wanna dive even deeper, you are in luck. My show doesn't usually venture too far into the spooky or creepy, but we've dedicated two full episodes to uncovering fascinating details about this bizarre molasses catastrophe. From the company's negligence to the victim's harrowing stories, we explore how this strange event reshaped industrial safety laws and left an indelible mark on Boston's history and the Boston Molasses disaster is just one of many fascinating stories waiting for you on American history tellers. We take you to the events, the Times, and the people that shaped our nation and show you how our history affected them, their families, and affects you today. Follow American history tellers on the Wondery app or wherever you catch your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both American history tellers and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.