
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey everyone, let's talk about protein for a second. There's this rumor that getting plant-based protein is tough, but listen, there are some amazing options out there. Even if you're not vegan, adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body and support the planet. My go-to for Tasty Protein and Super Food Pack Shake is Cava. Every serving of Cava offers 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein, but that's not all this all in one shake has fiber, quality, fats, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and so much more. I love that I can tick so many boxes with just one delicious shake. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors And I like to combine them. But they also have chocolate. They've got matcha and they've got coconut acai. I'm a big fan of the coconut acai as well after drinking Ka Chava first thing in the morning because that's when I always drink it. I feel satiated for hours. I feel focused, calm and ready to take on my day. Something that I really love to do, if I even want like a little bit more protein, is just add a scoop of peanut butter to the Vanilla chai concoction that I make. And that, oh is just Scrum didly ump anxious Honey Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V-A and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid.


Hey weirdos, I've got the scoop on this amazing skincare product that's gonna honestly be a total game changer for you. Many of you already know and love Drunk Elephant just as much as I do, and guess what? They just launched C Luma BR Serum, a gentle 10% hydrating vitamin C serum that brightens hydrates and proof clarity and reduces blemishes. It's so funny because I literally got a facial the other day and the girl who did my facial recommended this product to me. So I started using it immediately And I really do feel so hydrated. I definitely can tell that it's brightening. It just looks really, really nice on my skin And it feels so good, especially in these drier winter months. Drunk Elephant c Luma Hydro Serum is ideal for those who are sensitive to traditional vitamin C formulas. Plus you can use it day and night. I use it twice a day And I do have very sensitive skin And it has not bothered me at all. Discover c Luma br serum@drunkelephant.com.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. I'm Elena. And I'm Spencer. And we are having another installment of our Weirdos Audio Book Club. So thank you for being here today everybody. We're grateful for you, So grateful. If you didn't know, we have Spencer Henry from Morbid Network's Cult Leader obituary and their newest baby show at Gossip Bridal.


Hi everyone. I'm so excited to be here. We're excited to have you. I feel like you're the perfect fit for this. It's true. 'cause you love like old timey true crime. Love it. There's a lot of reasons as we go into this title today why it resonated with me And I just loved it so much. Ooh, I'm excited to hear. That makes me excited. I know.


Well, before we dive into the title, we wanna thank Audible again for the partnership and for bringing this special little bonus to all of you guys. Blue Beard is an Audible original, so if you haven't already listened, head on over to Audible to dive into this title. Our lovely friends are sweethearts at Audible and they're still offering that free trial for you guys, so you can take hold of that nifty gifty at Audible dot com slash Weirdos for your free trial.


And of course we also covered this case on Morbid. It was episode 6 26. So if you need to refresh your memory at all or if you wanna listen to that for your next Morbid listening journey, it's there for you. It's there for you. We're there for you. This title is there for you. We're all, everything is there for you. It's true. Do it. It's a crazy case. Like this case I went into, 'cause it was my episode when we covered it on Morbid. It was my episode. It was my episode, not yours. It was mine. And when we went into it I was like, oh, I think I've heard of this. I don't know if I like, I don't know the details, but I was like, oh, this is like one of these guys that just like abandons women and takes their money like you know, the classic tale like an HH holmesy style guy so much deeper.


Yeah. And It does, it did kind of feel like he had those vibes to him just because of all the fraud and shit he was committing like across borders and shit. And the aliases, Alia Canada, the alias. I like this guy's bonkers. Oh he is wild And organized And I'm like RIP Walter. You would've loved Tinder. Oh my God. Truly. Yes. That would've made his scheme so much easier because like think about like the log books and shit that he had to keep to keep his different wives straight. Keep track of them. Yeah, and like letters if he Wanted to he would Absolutely. Like he had to keep like his like communication with them straight.


What he told one, what he told the other, like the different stories he was telling them about why he was out of town all the time. Like I can't remember what I had for dinner last night. Honestly. Same. No, that's a lot to keep up with. Yes. Stressful. I can't imagine what his nervous system looked like. Oh it was riddled. It was riddled with anxiety. Yes. Maybe it wasn't though. Maybe he was just totally cool as a cucumber. I mean, yeah, on I think he just riddled our nervous system. Exactly. Yeah. Well I think he just was really good at probably compartmentalizing all of it. Yes, definitely. Just kinda like dissociating from all of it. Like Yeah, he had to have, it's a good point he brought and he probably learned that in childhood.


'cause like if you go back and listen to the episode where we cover the real case, like he definitely had a gnarly childhood. Yeah. So that's a good point, Spencer. Oh I listened. Oh, I listened. You better believe. But yeah, I mean just a lot of times that's like survival tactic is learning how to compartmentalize all those separate areas of your life and kind of dissociate from them a little bit. And that's probably how he was able to do that and not have these really strong emotional ties to Any of this. Yeah, definitely. He was never really taught to have a strong emotional tie to anything. 'cause his own parents treated him like shit. Yeah. And his mother really treated him like shit. Yeah. And then, I mean once he finally got out of there, what was he 12 years old, I think when he got out of there and went on his own, it's like then the world treated him like shit.


And obviously that's no validation or like justification for what he did. It's just, I think this is why he was able, like you said, to just like shut it off. 'cause he was like, well no one's ever had any connection to me, so I should, I have a real connection to anyone else. I think you're, I think that's exactly it. Yeah. Everyone used him for what they could get outta him, so he just decided that that was the life he was gonna live and he did it in the awful way. What a way. Yeah. Did. Exactly. Exactly. And he could've gone the other way. Plenty of people have, plenty of people have tragic backgrounds, plenty of people get treated like shit and they go on to be amazing people who are like, I'm not gonna continue this cycle, but he's an asshole. Go to therapy. Exactly. Walter, go to therapy, get a gratitude journal.


Yes. Be grateful. These are all steps. Do some self work. Well, before we get into it even further, I just wanna talk really quickly about the writers for this title and the process because it's really, this is an interesting one. It is. So one of the names you're definitely going to say, wait a second, I know that name. Jim Clemente is one of the authors of this. He's a former FBI profiler who is part of the team that cracked the DC Sniper case, which is wild. Yeah, That's a big deal. He's been part of like huge cases. Like this guy has flex on Flex on Flex. He's a former New York prosecutor. He's a writer and producer for Criminal Minds.


Oh, love that show. Yep. He's a podcaster for real crime profile. Best case, worst case FBI, profilers and Criminal Archives. He's after our own heart with all those podcasts. He is. And he's also a consultant for law enforcement and for creative projects that involve his like massive expanse of expertise and he's just like wild, wildly impressive. And he had like a really tough like beginning to life as well. He has a lot of like things in his backstory that he could have turned the other way and he went this way. So he's like also very inspirational if you read up on him. Definitely. And he was a first responder at nine 11, so Wow.


Yeah. So he's just, I how, how do you even lift that resume? Like I don't even know how he carries it around with him. Right. He's done it all. And then his co-author was Peter McDonald who is an author with 43 books. Like damn 43 books. That's insane. Like what? That's, that's all the books. I Don't even know. I can't name 43 books. Like wow. Truly. He's also a podcaster and a journalist. So together this was the perfect team I think, to do something like this. The dream. Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah. A good duo.


Real the the duo of the century. Well, and what's interesting is they went into this actually thinking that they were gonna make a documentary series. Oh yeah. And then it turned into this title, which I, I love knowing like how a project started and evolved. And I feel like, I mean this still could make an excellent documentary series. Yeah. But I'm glad that they did the title That makes so much sense if you listen to the title that it was laid out that way. Because my favorite thing about it was like just listening to it. Like you can fully have visuals on everything that's happening at the time. They did such a good job with translating that. Yes, 100%. They really did. And it reminded me a little bit of your new show Gossip Bridle with all the soundscaping and everything, the like immersive experience of it.


I was like, oh, Spencer's gonna love this. I no, I truly all of it. I was like obsessed listening to it the whole time. I felt like I was like in an old detective novel. Yeah. Yes. You get get transported when you can hear the music. Like the old timey. Like I, I just Gimme a cigarette babe. Yeah. Yes. And let me just Kind this, let's gimme a cigarette and a fedora and I'm ready to go. Maybe let, let's go. You're sure you Well it all got started when Jim Clemente's friend, he was helping this elderly woman just clean out a storage locker, like most inconspicuous thing you could ever think of. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And she, they were like clearing out random boxes and she This was in LA right?


In la yes. Yeah. And she told him, oh you can just get rid of that box over there. And he was like, okay, like maybe we should check inside first just, you know, make sure nothing I, you never I important is in here. And something important wasn't that box, it contained this leather bound tome and that contained Blue Beard Watson's confession inside, which is insane. I just Got chills. Yes. He confessed to the murder of 10 wives. And to think that that leather bound tome was in there containing that confession, full confession. Like three days worth of confession. And this tome actually belonged to the one and only JB Armstrong, who's the PI that was hired by Catherine when she suspected that her husband was just cheating.


Oh, Ms. Wamback was Mrs. Wam backer. Exactly. So just literally opening that up and sifting through the pages must have been bonkers wild bananas. Yes. Imagine finding that. Ugh. And Jim Clemente has it now in his personal collection. Yeah. He got mother bound tone. Yeah. Our producer Mikey got to talk to him and he showed him on the Zoom and we were all, Mikey was showing us afterwards. We were like, oh my God, I'm so Jealous. We gotta get Jim on the horn. Well Let's get Jim on Here. Show me your book. Show me that leather bound tome. Jim, I wanna see your books. I'm trying to see it. Well obviously they were immediately interested in this story once they heard about this discovery.


And once they, you know, sifted through this tome of theirs. So they researched Watson even more to find out about his crimes, his detailed confession. And when I say detailed, like I said, it took this guy three days to get everything out. And it was that confession that really voiced the narrative of Watson in this title. So it's very true to who Watson actually was. Yeah, for sure. And you can tell like he does 'cause it's Joseph fines that plays him. Mm. He does a good job of making him like unlikeable. Unlikeable. But you could see why women like would be drawn to him in a way almost.


Yeah. Because if you were going, he like walks the line. If you were going into this story blind, I think you'd be like, oh I like this guy. Like what's this guy's story? Yeah. Like, but if you know the case and you go into it, you're like, I don't like you, but you're kind of like toying with yourself of like, yeah, I kinda wanna like you, but I know what you do. Yeah. You know, for sure. But after working out the whole story, Clemente and McDonald pitched this story to our, our friends over at Audible and they suggested maybe converting it into a radio style drama actually. And ultimately it, it ended up being directed by a Canadian director. And this is interesting Canadian radio style dramas continued way past the point where they did in us, like when we transitioned over to tv.


So he was really well versed in that type of production because you know, they experienced them way longer. But to talk more about the production, let me hand it over to my girl Elena, because this is really interesting. Like Spencer said, it's like a super immersive, like you feel like you're there experience. And it, that definitely goes for some of the actors like Catherine played by Karen, David Watson's played by Joseph Fines and JB Armstrong, our guys, Adrian Psar, I think the three of them did an amazing job. But what really set this whole thing into a different realm, I think, is that how they recorded this.


So they recorded live in three different time zones. First of all, each recording space for each actor, it was set up and movement was choreographed. So the actors would move through the space while the microphone was set in the middle of the room. So all of this would impact the sound. So audio was like 3D immersive. You heard the movements that they were making 'cause they were physically making those movements in a room. Like it wasn't put in later or something like that. Yeah. So you heard them in real time, like very organically. Wow. Isn't that cool? It is cool. And I feel like that's a very different and unique style of doing something like this.


Definitely. And just the fact that people in three different time zones were able to collaborate like this, I'm like, damn, I can barely get a meeting on the books with East Coasters. Literally. That's the thing, you know, like we were trying to, we can barely get time to hang out with friends because just us trying to all get our schedules locked. Meanwhile They're like, let's soundscape this shit and record the entire title all at once in three different time zones. Wow. That's incredible. Yeah, it's crazy. So what I think also makes like takes this one and kind of like separates it from a lot of titles is the way that the, this is obviously inspired by a true crime case and they kept a lot of it very true to what happened.


And the way that they kind of like fictionalized parts of it to me didn't impact the case in a way that was like negative. I agree. I think, I think if anything it only made it easier to follow. You know? I definitely agree. Like the plot, it just added to the story. Yeah. But it didn't add anything unnecessary, you know? Exactly. Totally. And it, it's just an engaging way to tell the story. Like with this radio style and 3D audio, it, like we said, pulls you into each scene. You feel like you're there, you feel like if you close your eyes you can just like hear all the, because it's like we were talking about before, like the, the music in the background and you can hear someone lighting up a cigarette and you can hear, so you feel like you get this everything happening all around the room kind of feeling.


And I, it's also cool that this narrative definitely places it in that specific time and place. Like it has nods to the formation of the Bureau of Investigations, which is like blowing that would, that blew my mind. Yes. Just like being in a place that you're like, oh, that didn't exist yet. Like, fuck. And it was also like the end of the Spanish flu that they have a nod to the beginning of prohibition. I think all those things being tapped at during this really placed you in that time Yeah. Place you and Remi like little reminders along the way, like this is where we are. Yeah. You know, like, we're not in 2024. Right. Well, I, I kept thinking of, of other like infamous crimes of that time, like the wine chicken coop, murders and all of these Los Angeles crimes that happened.


I mean, not the same year, but like within that, around the time realm. And it's just, it's, I don't know, it's so fascinating to see how everything was handled Yes. In those days in comparison to now. And it's, there's a lot of things that you look back and you're like, why would they do that? Why wouldn't they do this? But a lot of what they were doing is still really advanced given the tools that they had at the time. Yes, absolutely. We we're always talking about that how in these time periods it's like, we don't have a camera on every street corner. We don't have someone with a phone recording it, we don't have a digital footprint, we don't have this and that. Like, even like fingerprinting was still in its infancy, you know, it took a lot to solve these crimes.


Like, which makes it more fascinating in my opinion. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. Well, And it makes you wonder too, certain crimes that happened today, you're like, how'd they not figure that out? Everyone's like fucking In their house because it's so true. Like, how are they catching these people with literally just like boots on the ground detective work here. Like that's what this is. And I mean, and also like speaking to how they, they were able to solve this stuff. One of the great themes in this whole thing is women not being passive and seeking out answers. Which I love because you think of this case as a whole, And I mean women are the ultimate victims in this case, but they're also the hero of this case. Absolutely. Like Ka is a fucking boss.


Yes. Yeah. You wanna talk about feet on the boots on the ground. Yes. Let's talk about Catherine wannabe because Let's talk about her. Damn. Because She was also the one, first of all, she wouldn't let anything, she wasn't letting that go in the beginning. She was like, I'm pretty sure he's having an affair. Fuck him. We're gonna catch him. I'm getting my divorce. Yeah. Just to think that she needed to have like a, a straight up reason to get divorced. Yeah. And like a very compelling one. Not just like somebody had to be, her husband had to be guilty of a crime for her to be granted the divorce. That's wild. You wild. You should just be able to have a divorce if you don't like his ass anymore. Yeah. It's so, yeah. It's so complicated because even now there's, I mean, it's a lot easier to divorce somebody now, but it's still like this personal battle that I think a lot of people have where there's so much back and forth.


So I can't imagine doing that. And on top of that, having to have like a good reason in the eyes of the court or the law Yes. In order to go through with it. Right. And that like even cheating was barely sufficient. Yeah. You can tell Kat is having that like, personal grapple because even when she knows how terrible he is and she's like working with the private investigator when, when Walter calls her and talks about wanting to knock her up, she's like, well, maybe I should call this whole thing off. And I was like, girl, no, don't Do like, no. But it shows that she still was kind of like battling with thoughts of whether or not she should just kind of ignore everything and put it on the back burner.


She was a product of the time. Yeah. Yeah. I was just gonna say society was influencing her big time and being like, maybe I should just have a baby with him and we can have that, you know, classic family and I'll just ignore everything. You know what fixes a toxic relationship? Oh Yeah. That'll fix things. Well, and like, to, to prove your point even further, like to add to it, she, he went after older women, like widows, people who had previously been married and lost somebody, you know, like these women did wanna have families and for a lot of them it was like their quote unquote last chance to have a family. Yeah. They're vulnerable, they're susceptible, they're kind of like backed into a corner again. Yeah. By societal norms and societal pressure.


But yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent. Yeah. I wanna a high five Kat from the future. Exactly. Must be like, girl, You did it. And while Kat, like in the, in the actual case, she didn't like, you know, team up with the, and like go to the extents that she went to in in the title. She did not, it wasn't her just sitting back and not doing this stuff. Like she, like we said, was the one who was like, I'm pretty sure he is having an affair And I'm not letting it go. So JB Armstrong like, let's get going. And she even provided additional information and documents to further prove, like once it started unraveling, she was like, oh, here's all this shit. If that's gonna help you nail him.


Like here it all is like I found some more shit for you guys. And that's her in real life like that she really did do that. Like she was vital in unraveling this whole thing because she wasn't even as a product of that time and society around her at the time, she wasn't a woman who was gonna sit down and just be comfortable passively letting these things happen to her. She knew something was amiss right off the bat. She took action right off the bat. And of course she had no idea, like no way of knowing how a mess things were, what exactly she was unraveling here and what she was up against. And it's like once she found out that there was like way more shit than just an affair that she was like, he could possibly be murdering these women and like he, maybe he was gonna murder you instead of like ca like just falling apart, which he had every right to do.


Hearing that kind of news about your fucking husband, she turned around and was like, how can I help? How can I make sure that he doesn't do this to anyone else? And it like, what a badass. A hundred percent. She like followed her intuition. Yeah. And I mean it's the ultimate like going through his phone behavior but then it like leads you down this crazy rabbit hole where you're like, oh, okay, this is much deeper than I thought. Yes. I love that her version of going through his phone is trying to get into his briefcase. Yep. His duffle bag that he carried around everywhere. That's the classic. Which I'm like, could you be more conspicuous? I know just carrying around a duffle bag of marriage certificates and being super weird about said, said briefcase slash duffle bag.


Like, like you're gonna carry around a bunch of shit. Don't be so weird about it. Yeah. Listen, she is a victim in this situation, but there were several red flags, especially like when you're listening to her narrative and the title. I mean, well first of all I was laughing in the beginning because she's talking about meeting Walter for the first time and she's talking about how he kind of catfished her and she says no one would accuse him of being handsome. Which is diabolical. That is that Diabolical. That is a read. It is the biggest read. It's also in the book she's talking about like, you know how they got married after four weeks and she's like, I couldn't think of a reason I shouldn't. And I'm like, girl, I can, I could think of 10.


Yeah, I could think of 22 different reasons why. Lemme list them up for you. Because he was described as being like a gnome looking motherfucker ugly. Like he absolutely was paraphrasing, but it was like he was like a gnome like man he has this, that's how they described him has this little alfalfa too in his mugshot that I just wanna rip off Pink. Just take it right Off. I mean, I don't see it. I don't, I mean who knows what was going on with Walter. Yeah. Otherwise, but who knows Looks wise. I think he had charisma working for him. Unfortunately. That can work charisma, that can do the trick, uniqueness, nerve and talent. And she said too, when he moved in, he moved in with little possessions and that is also the goal.


That's ideal. And don't disrupt my space. Yeah, yeah. We don't need, you have Four things. Great. Your collections here. Okay. Yeah. We don't need that. Got your briefcases fist over there. Everything else gotta get rid of please. Yeah. I think he was just a master manipulator. Definitely like master manipulator. And he was a char, he was playing a character. Of course. So it's easy to make somebody like a character at all times. He was playing a character, you're playing a role. I do love. One of the things I love that they did do in this title is for a brief period of time while I was listening, I was like, uhoh, are they gonna make Kat and Detective Armstrong fall in love? Because I will not be pleased with that. Yeah. I was worried. It felt like that might have been the direction they were going.


And I was like, don't you dare take away her agency like that. But nay. But they didn't do it. They did not do it. And I have to say from coming from two men authors, thank you. Yes, thank you for making this girl a standalone badass. Yeah. And just letting her have her own agency and being her own character. That was just like being a badass and wasn't trying to fall in love with another guy. What was the test that we were talking about? They passed that test. The Bechdel test. They passed the Bechdel test. Yeah it did. Because it's not just having this woman be completely in relation to what she's doing with a man. Yeah. Like damsel and distress. Like please help me.


I don't know what to do. She's like, yeah, here's what to do, Here's what to do that this is what I wanna do. Put your cigarette out, it's gross and let's go. Go. Let's go. Don't be dumb. Did you guys have a like a favorite badass Be moment of cats. I mean, I'm a real sucker for any sort of library scene or imagery in a book. Me too. And like They're Talking about like going through the records and she's in the library. I mean, I get chills thinking about it right now, but when she was going through all the different lonely heart ads and yes this under different names, but the same Comparing them all. Yeah. Comparing them all and seeing that it was clearly all written by Walter.


I just had a moment where I was like, oh my God, she's corrected the code. Like she got her confirmation. I, I love showing too to come to that realization and the amount of people who tried to convince her that these were just other men stealing that lonely hearts ad. Oh the gaslighting was The gaslighting was outrageous. Wait, people trying to gaslight a woman. That's crazy. I've never heard that. That Actually never happened to you guys. No, it was, that's why it's fiction. You know, You women, you're hysterical. You're so crazy. That's us. We're just kooky. That's us. What was yours Elena? My badass bitch moment was definitely, I loved when she was like hiring JB Armstrong and he was like being like, whoa, whoa, whoa.


At first. And he's like, 'cause she's like, all right, so what do we need to do? What do you need me to start working on? And he was like, no, no, no. You're my client. Like I'm the detective here, I'm the investigator. And she was like, actually no, you are my partner now. We're working together. If you're not willing to treat me as a partner, I'll go find someone who will. And I was like, snap, snap, snap baby. I was like, yes. She was like, I don't need to be here. I'll find somebody who actually respects the partnership and doesn't treat me like a little peon because this needed to be a partnership. She had so much of the information that they needed. Yes, A hundred percent. And I think going back to like when she cracked the code, I think it was just like I, I loved that she figured it out on her own.


Like she didn't Yes. Have anybody else really helping her? Nope. Other than the Hillary, the librarian who I loved Queen Hillary were like becoming friends. And at the end of the book when there, she walks into the courtroom and she sees Hillary from the library there and Hillary's like, I'm here for you. I was like, oh God, I love that. That's the thing. I love that one. She didn't fall in love. And two, she found another female friend to be a badass with. Yes. Love that. And again, two like male authors, like snaps to them. Yes. Showing because that was great. Showing female friendship and bonds. And they did a great job with It is Have Monash. Oh yes. This is small. But I love the way that she handled that hotel owner when she was trying to use his car.


She was like, I will not be swayed. Thank you. Like Uhuh. Like I'm not that Not having it. She was so confident. She was so confident. She was just like, yeah, no. She's like, I'll be taking your car. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. I just, I feel like they gave her her flowers in this story. Yeah, yeah. Like showed off her bad assery and again, especially given the time period, it was very brave of her to do what she did. And she obviously faced a lot of adversity while she was doing it. But look what she fucking did. Yeah. Without her it could have kept going on and on and on for a long time and to think how many more people he could have killed. Absolutely. Okay. So obviously I live in Southern California. I live in Los Angeles And I used to live in Signal Hill, which is a small unincorporated area where the body of Nina Lee Deone was found.


Oh shit. I was like going through newspaper archives trying to do my own little sleuth thing to see if I could Hell yeah. Figure out where in relation it was. Because I used to, to where I used to live, but I was just finding like old press photos that didn't have any exact addresses, but I was like, damn. Oh, that's spooky. Yeah. That's wild. I know being in LA must be weird that way 'cause so many things have happened there. Mm. You're just like surrounded by, well They just get publicized more, I feel like. Yeah, that's true. No, it's true. And you know the locations of a lot of them mostly. Yeah. So you can just be like, I'm surrounded A hundred percent. Yeah. Also at the end of this whole title, when she speaks the names of all the victims in the court scene, that was chilling, putting that in there was iconic And it was so perfect.


Like, so good ending on that was like Yeah. I love the nod to to the reality. Yeah. And the, and the, the true part of this crime and making sure that they were heard as well. Yeah. Because obviously Kat was the focus of the narrative in this. Of course. But the fact that they didn't forget about the other victims along the way. Yeah. That was nice. That was great. Yeah.


Yeah. We recommend this title 10 out of 10. If you haven't listened to Blue Beard on Audible, you gotta go listen. And it's a quick listen too. It's a quick listen. It's a three hour. You want more? You will want more. Exactly. Yeah. It's three hours long. You could, I, I mean if you have a long commute, you could get that done in a day babe. Yeah. You know, except there is one scene of them eating. Just be forewarned. Yeah. If you don't listen to that, it's less than three hours. So there you go. But it's quick. Yeah. But just warning it, there's also one of them. You know what you'll get there. So anyway, if you haven't listened to this title, don't forget that our sweetheart friends over at Audible are offering you guys a free trial at Audible dot com slash weirdos. Audible head over there for your free trial.


Thank you to Spencer for joining us Today. We love hanging with you. Oh, Thanks for having me. And we love Spencer. We love you. Love you. And if we all wanna end this on just maybe a title that we're listening to or recently listen to that we recommend. So my recommendation for a title to listen to is Sleep Tight by JH Mark. I recommend all his titles and all his books. In fact, because I think he's a brilliant horror author. It's a perfect one. It's got like a creepy little fictional town in it. He's really good at infusing like some supernatural elements, but they don't even feel, they feel like they're just reality in it.


I haven't listened to that yet. Yeah. And he's got, you know, a serial killer in this one, in a small town. He's, it's just, he's a great author. I highly, highly recommend Sleep Tight. I have two recommendations. I just finished and actually so did Elena Wayward. Oh, so good. And listening to that title was so whimsical. There's three female points of view and they have three different narrators for each one. And all of them just have the most, I say this all the time about people, but I think I just listen to audio titles with narrators who have the most soothing voices. And these three women, I want them to read me bedtime stories every single night. So good love. And obviously I have to recommend Elena's Butcher in the Ren and the Butcher game.


Duh. Oh my God, I know the author and she writes a mean book Baby. Truly. There's also the Big Hot Book of Death. I've heard of that one. Have you heard of that one? Spencer? Spencer Madison? I have Heard of that one. Have You? Because that's also a great one. She's pretty good. And they got, I love their their voices too. Those narrators. It's true. I think the guy's annoying, but one that I love is, well I've been, I'm like halfway through it right now, but it's the crime of the century. Richard Speck and the murders that shocked a Nation. Ooh, That's an interesting one. Dennis Reo and William J. Martin. Love that. Amazing. So you guys have a bunch of titles to catch up on. And again, you have your, your free trial if you head over to that link that I've said 40 times.


So we love you. We're grateful for you. We love you. We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it Weird, But not so weird that you don't check out these titles today. Bye. Read and listen. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive that were barely whispered about. Each week on redacted declassified mysteries, we pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories, they're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real, the secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.