
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and even more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Recently I listened to So Thirsty, which was really good. I like how the narrator went between the two characters voices. That was really fun. And then I just started listening to God of the Woods. So good. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Peloton has what you need to achieve your fitness goals no matter why you got started. Me, I got started in actuality when I had kids and I think it was really me just being like, one, I gotta chase 'em around and have fun with them and not be out of breath. And two, I wanna be healthy and strong and around for them for a long time. And the cool thing about Peloton is that you can kind of customize it to what you need it to be. So I could fit it into my busy childcare routine very easily. And it helped me gain some confidence. Whether you need 10, 20, or 45 minutes of you time to sweat or get grounded, Peloton provides flexibility with daily on demand and live classes that will fit your busy schedule. And just everyday life. Peloton has thousands of members whose lives were changed by the workouts, experiences, community. Just the teachers I love. I honestly, I love the Peloton instructors. They're my fa, I mean, Bradley Rose. Let's you know, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Hey weirdos, I'm Melina. I am s And this is Morbid. Hi. We were just talking about Dorinda Medley from a New York Housewives. Always in forever. 'cause I'm watching the old episodes. Oh, again, they're so fun. They're constant in my house. If we don't know what to watch, we just put that on. And disassociate old New York Housewives. Jules forever. Jules should have Jules forever. Jules should have gotten went. We more, I was gonna say way more. And then I said many So more seasons.


She should have. I loved her. I liked her personality. She was great. Yeah. Yeah. Carol, I didn't like her husband, but I liked her. No, and that's why she should have stayed on. Yeah. Yeah. Because they ended up divorcing and I'm pretty sure she like might've he caught his. Yeah. Which like nobody should, nobody shouldn't hit anyone. No, it's probably not. No. Don't hit people. Yeah. Don't do that. Did she hit him? I think there was some allegations. I'll say. I'm not saying that I know what happened, but it was a little bit of allegation. So that's not Okay. Keep hands to yourself. But, well anyway, he was a turn. Yeah. How, how do you go away from that? How do you get outta that? How do you, where do we go from here?


Anywhere. Maybe I, I've had like not enough and too much coffee all at the same time. Today I haven't had enough, 'cause for some reason last night I couldn't fall asleep, which I, I rarely have trouble falling asleep. I'm usually a hit the pillow kind of gal. I know. It just, I don't know. There's nothing really going on that's like, yeah, keeping me up at night, you know, like maybe it's 'cause like we got some sickies in my house and I think I'm just maybe on high alert. Oh my God, your kids are sick again. Oh my God. They're actually on the mend everybody. So John's on the mend as well. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. Isn't that such a fun thing to say? It is. I like that. It's good 'cause it's just, it's very aggressive.


It's so aggressive. Yeah. I like that. I like being aggressive sometimes. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. But yeah, everything's, you know, things are, things are here. You know. The spring is is spring in in New England? It is. I'm little about to plant a little bit. I actually, I'm, you know, my witchy class we planted, we got to pick what flower we wanted to do and we did like a little o celebration. Oh cute. And I planted a little moon flower and it's starting to bloom. Ah, yeah. I love that. So what we did was we got like a little pot and we painted it and then you put a little affirmation or like wish in the jar in, in the pot and you put the soil over it and then you planted it.


So like your Oh, I like that. It's like as the flower grows, like your wish is growing. Oh, I really dig that. Yeah. My wish is growing everyone. I dig that a lot. Do you know what flower Sabrina picked? I don't. I, she might have picked a moon flower. I feel like she would've. I feel like that's very stupid. Yeah. Me and my girly Sabrina from two girls, one ghost are taking the class to either go listen to two girls, one ghost too. They're awesome. Obviously they're really great. What are you doing if you're not listening to two girls, one ghost So good. You gotta go listen to them. Don't be an idiot. They're great podcast and great ladies. Put two girls one ghost in your pipe and it and smoke it. There you go. I like that. Aggressively supporting our friends aggressively.


Oh you know, I think I'm tired. You are like, I don't know if I've mentioned this, but I did I say that already? No, you just said you didn't have enough caffeine but too much all at once. That's what I said. So that was different. Yeah, we, yeah. I don't think we have a whole lot more business to attend to. I can't really think of anything. And I'm trying to think of any fun life updates that some people will, will like to hear. But what's going on in life? I know there's some people that are like, just get to the fucking case. Yeah. I don't really have, but I get it. I don't really have much life going on right now. Yeah. It's really only if I have exciting things. I like to say it, but it's like we said spring was coming, but it's also sort of that weird transitional period. Transitional period. Yeah.


So it's like spring is coming, but also it's fucking cold so you can't do much yet. Yeah. But it's not super cold. It's like that. We're getting into that place where we're in the fifties now, which is New England Summer. And that feels That's true. So everybody's wearing shorts and t-shirts. Not me. That's true. Everyone for me. You go outside and it's shorts and t-shirts everywhere. Oh true. Is fully in the mode. Yeah. Which is fun. So we're almost there. Yeah. We are gonna cover, this is gonna be a two-parter because it's a little intense and it's, there's a lot. This is somebody who kind of got like swept under the wave of serial killers that were in the Los Angeles. You know that area, San Francisco, that kind of area in California in the sixties and seventies.


Kinda like what you were saying when you, when we talked about Herbert Mullin. Exactly. I'm kind of hitting that wave of these killers. And a lot of them got swept under each other because they were other bigger ones, I guess. Like bigger, you know, victim counts or like more some reason some got more like coverage than others. Which is a little wild to me. 'cause they're all awful equally gnarly. It's just what the media wants to put out at the Yeah, it's very strange. Like you just don't know what people latch onto in the media. But we are gonna cover David Carpenter, The Trailside Killer. Oh, we have covered other quote unquote Trailside Killer. This is not the same.


So don't worry. But even I looked at it and I was like, we've covered somebody who would like do this on like trails. But I think we briefly talked about, we probably mentioned him on Crime Countdown. Exactly. Which sometimes throws me off. Yeah. But David Carpenter is really rough trigger warning. He is like a sexual sadist. He's, he sucks. He sucks a lot. And we're gonna be talking about like some rough stuff. So just so you know, but again, we're gonna break it into two parts. A little more palatable. Yeah. So you can kind of just like, you know, absorb all the information in small doses. So again, we're talking about the sixties and seventies, you know, from Los Angeles to San Francisco at this point.


Californians were literally terrorized. Yeah. Like I was saying by multiple killers. You know, we're talking about the Zodiac Killer, the Hillside Stranglers, Herbert Mullin, ed Kemper, all of them were in different parts, but like near each other around the same time. And the decade between the sixties and seventies definitely ended with a lot of these killers. Either just disappearing Zodiac. Yep. Or being apprehended. But the terror in the near constant threat of violence and murder was kind of just simply moving north at this point. So David Carpenter, terrorized Point Reyes and Santa Cruz County for a decade, which is where Santa Cruz is, where Herbert Mullin was also hanging out a lot.


Right. He assaulted, he kidnapped and he killed at least eight people and he was suspected of more. Wow. Yeah. Now who is David Carpenter? Tell me, because unfortunately we gotta know who this dumb fuck is. Ugh. So David Joseph Carpenter was born May 6th, 1930 in San Francisco. He was born to Elwood and Francis Carpenter. Elwood. Elwood. Yeah. Close. Neither all, both of them suck. Ugh. So I'm just gonna say that right up front. Don't get attached to either of them. I won't. They were a postal worker and a homemaker by his own accounts. His early life was quote unquote hellish due in large part, according to him by what he described as his mother's quote.


Unloving, inflexible, and exceedingly domineering stance. Damn. According to Carpenter himself, his unhappy home life and constant fighting between his parents led his father to move out for a year while David was 14 years old, leaving David and his sister Ann alone with his mother. That's a rough time for your dad to move out. Yeah. I mean, it's always a pretty rough time for your dad to move out. I feel that. But like at 14, I feel like that would be rough no matter what. So the biggest issue that was affecting his relationship with his parents was, and this is, this is sad again, feel bad for the child. It was his pronounced stutter that he had. Oh. Which he developed at a very early age.


One probation officer later wrote quote, his parents and siblings were not fond of him at all. Being somewhat ashamed of his speech impediment. What the fuck? Yeah. They're just pieces of shit. Yeah. Don't help him with it at all or anything. On top of this, David also had really bad eyesight and was left-handed. Both of these things were viewed by his mother as being failings the work of the devil. Yeah. Just complete failings. I love that. Being left-handed is a fail. Yeah. That's like what mean? Wow. That's like kind of cool. Yeah. That's different man. Yeah. But even seeing what she deemed to be big issues and failings, Francis refused to seek treatment for her son's developmental problems. Choosing instead to address the problem in the home with very aggressive discipline.


Oh. Because that always works. No, it doesn't work. That doesn't turn people into angry adults. It does. That's totally fine. When those attempts strangely failed, Francis made a series of appointments finally at the University of California Medical Center, which when I first read this, I said, okay. But then the day of the appointments would arrive And she would drive to the hospital, sometimes get as far as the door, and then just turn around and go home. That's a waste of time. And whenever she was asked about the missed appointments, she would just blame him. Oh, okay. But she was just like blame the child and didn't wanna do it. Yeah. Neglectful. Yeah. So while Francis was all, you know, she was verbally abusive, she was emotionally abusive towards David.


She was also known to be very physically abusive. Jesus. Like very physically abusive. Oh. According to Yvonne Carey, who grew up a few houses down from the carpenters, she said it was common knowledge in the neighborhood that Francis Carpenter was abusing her children. At times it would be so bad that they would have to be kept out of school for a day or two. Oh my God. Yeah. Why kids? She later recalled then when he would come back, meaning David, he would be covered with bruises from head to toe. He wore short pants. So you could see the black and blue marks on his legs as well as painful welts on his arms and face. It's crazy that back then like that didn't cause anybody to like was CPS even a thing back then? I don't think it, I think it was literally like, I mean this is the fifties, so I think it's fine to beat the shit outta your kids.


Yeah. It's just expected. Like keep them in line. Oh my God. Which is to the point why they have to beat your kids ever. And then to the point where they have welts in bruises. Yeah. Like, oh my God. Also, again, you have to be a literal sociopathic monster to hit a child. To harm a child like that. You simply do. And I will take no arguments to the, like I just, no, I mean, yeah. I will never understand that kind of behavior with a child. I will never understand it. Nope. I just won't. And especially like in the fifties, it's like, oh yeah, that was just like the thing. Okay, cool. That was the thing. You still have to be a fucking monster to be able to do that to a child. Well and it's like, I think people get confused because it's like in the fifties, like spankings were normal.


Yeah. And like hitting your, you know, like using a belt even that is fucking awful. But this is like beating and torture him. This is literally like him punching a child in the face that's like, what is wrong with you? Even not, shouldn't have been normal for the fifties. No, it definitely shouldn't have been. But I don't think it was, I think it was one of those things people just looked the other way. Yeah. And it was so it wasn't just his mother Carpenter said that Ellwood was equally distant and abusive when it came to David. But his abuse was mostly verbal. Okay. I mean, still that's awful. Decades later when he was evaluated by psychiatrists, David would minimize the abuse he suffered from his father. Huh. And he would focus instead on his mother as the instigator of all his problems. I mean, she was beating the shit out of them.


So I get it sounds like she was fucking terrible. It sounds like the dad was fucking terrible too. Now, if David's home life was hellish, his experience at school was not much better. He was very intelligent and very capable of doing well in school. But if you're dealing with that at home as a child, I'm sure that is difficult. Yeah. His teachers struggled to work with him. They said he was largely disengaged, which of course he is. I'm sure he was one teacher said, I tried and tried and I just couldn't get through to him. That's sad. David stutter and his poor social skills made him a frequent target for bullying. And he endured years of physical and emotional torment from his peers. People suck. Yeah.


And again, you can feel bad for the child. No child deserves to go through that. No. And it also teaches you like, not that this is like people go through shit like that and they come out and they're good people course. And they don't, don't do this. You know what I mean? Like I'm not saying this is the, like you do that then that's cause and effect. But you can see how it happens. But you can also sit there and go, maybe I shouldn't treat people like shit. Yep. Like do you think about it the next time that you wanna like ruthlessly bully someone because this guy, like if they are slightly unstable, if there's something slightly off chemically, then you have just lit the match yo. And it's like, just don't treat people like shit. It's just a weird thing to do anyway.


Like I just don't, don't bully people. No. If you're a bully, go fuck yourself. Honestly. Like honestly, if you're like, if you're a bully out in life, if you're a bully in your job, if you're a bully on the internet, go fuck yourself. Like you're gonna get what you deserve. I agree. Like this is just like, I don't understand treating people like this. It's unhappy people treat people that way. Yeah. And oftentimes it's easier to see that as you grow older. Yeah. I think like kids just don't see that. No, you just, you kids automatically think it's my fault. What did I do? Exactly. What's wrong with me? But it's like, damn, just don't be to people. The older you get, you're like, I'm awesome. Exactly. Like, let's go. Yeah. So in one evaluation written by Dr. Ralph Allison, a psychiatrist he wrote at school, he was always made fun of because of a stammer and in inability to get answers out, even though he was brighter than most children in the school.


And additionally it looks like David's kinda like unusual and disturbing behavior sometimes made him a target. 'cause he would also do things 'cause again, he's doing, he's being abused at home. So there's gonna be some emotional issues here. Yeah. He would regularly do things like pull the wings off of flies to try to shock kids. Ooh. And if a kid is doing that to something smaller than him, that is a big red flag. Yeah. But again, we're in the fifties. You sign up for something, forget about it.


After the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month after month. The subscriptions are there, but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. I can see all my subscriptions in one place and cancel the ones that I'm not using anymore. And now I'm saving more money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and you know where your money is going. It's a little bit of a humbling experience. Let me tell you, from personal experience, I was seeing double of a couple of these subscriptions. I was like, why am I paying for two different accounts on the same thing? But luckily for the ones that you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. They helped me. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


With longer daylight hours, you may be spending more time away from the house and giving burglars more opportunities to strike FBI I crime. Data shows break-ins are more likely during the daylight hours than under the cloak of night. Protect your home with simpl safe's proactive security that helps stop threats before they even happen. We got some vacations planned for the summer this spring. And I feel so much better knowing that when I am leaving for vacation, I am setting my SimpliSafe alarm. And that while I'm on vacation, I can check in with a simple tap of a button on my app. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or when locking up each night. Traditional home security systems only take action after somebody's already broken in that is simply too late. But SimpliSafe, active guard outdoor protection can help prevent breakins before they even happen. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


So that's just boys being boys. That's just boys being boys. Now, on the rare occasion that David would make a friend in school or in the neighborhood, Francis, his mother would inevitably interfere in the relationship. Not allowing any children in the house or putting very strict time limits on her son's socialization with other kids. The fuck? It's like you don't want 'em at home. Well that's what I never get with these kind of parents. It's like, so you're abusing your kid, you clearly don't like them. You don't like being a parent, you don't like the responsibility of being a parent. But then you like won't allow that kid to go out of your response. Like let go play. Like go your house so you're not responsible. Yeah. But instead you that that to me it's a control thing. Shows shows that you are like, you are a monster. Yeah. That just likes hurting this child.


Yeah, absolutely. It's not that you are not capable of being a ba, it's like you are just, you're getting enjoyment outta this. You are evil. Yeah. And you just enjoy hurting something smaller than you. And it's like, and you should be fucking locked up. So David's friend Robert Gobek said Francis and Elwood had laid down specific rules. It was like you had to make an appointment before you could go over and see him the fuck. Instead Francis would make sure to fill David's afters. She signed him up for violin and ballet lessons, which at this time made him a bigger target for bullying because we're in the fifties again. And these are seen as two very unmasculine activities to do. Which you almost wonder if that was like another layer of her cruelty.


Yeah. I mean putting him in ballet in the fifties right. Was pretty cruel. Like putting your kid's ballet now. Fuck yeah. Everybody do ballet. Yeah. Like put everybody in ballet. But back then, but like everybody had it had a, yeah, it just we're in the fifties where masculinity is looked at in a very different way. Yes. And it's like that's, he's gonna be targeted and you know that. Yeah. And if he's not passionate about ballet, which it doesn't sound like he was, doesn't like he was, then you're really doing a detriment here. It's like if he's passionate ballet about ballet, then Yeah. Like show. Yeah. But other, it's okay, what purpose, But you're just doing this to kind of like get him one outta your hair but making sure he's not doing something that fulfills or him or makes him happy. Yeah. Yeah. While he's outta your hair.


Yep. Which is like another layer of fucked up. Now these were exacerbated by how she would dress him as well. She would make him dress in like very formal outfits. What his friend there said, they always dressed him up like some fancy pants. And the kids on the block were always pounding the hell out of him. Which is so shitty. 'cause it's like he's obviously not choosing this. No. And it's just like fucking a dude. Like this woman has a strange pathology. No, it's true. And it's just like, God, just stop being mean to people. Now obviously due to a variety of factors, David struggled to develop positive social skills. You don't say and developed a reputation for now.


Inappropriate and cruel behavior. Yep. 'cause he's also being shown cruel behavior. You show a child cruel behavior, they will then show others cruel behavior. Yeah. That that is, they know cause and effect like that just is. Yep. And so unable to bond with boys his own age 'cause that wasn't working. David would socialize with the girls in the neighborhood. They were often in the beginning, very sympathetic and like pitied him a little bit. Yeah. And we're like, you know what, let's just like try to help him out. You know, just girls being girls. Yeah. Girls being like, come on, I got we'll take care of you. Yeah. But while the neighborhood girls were definitely more patient with him, even their sympathy had limits obviously.


Yeah. Everybody does. One girl were called, he usually had my sympathy, but then he'd do something cruel like twisting the head off of some girl's doll and he'd get that stupid smile on his face like it was a prank. So it's like he's doing things like that and they're like, dude, we're trying to help you out. And you're like, not Yeah. Like don't fuck with my dolls. Like I feel like he's acting out like a typical boy. He thinks like taking the head off a doll or like, you know, doing some kind of prank like that. But it's like not 'cause he's not been socialized to know what is of his age. You know what I mean? What a typical prank of his age is. Well, and if you're ripping the heads off of dolls, that's like alone. That's one thing. Like that's an anno very annoying boy thing to do.


Yeah. But if it goes hand in hand with you also pulling the wings off flies. I'm gonna be a little scared of you. Yes, exactly. You know, now his, and it gets, and it started getting worse because his cruel and inappropriate behavior started getting increasingly sexual in nature. I had a feeling that was kind of, and soon he found that the girls around him were perfect targets. Oh no. Years later he told psychiatrist, Dr. Ralph Allison, I pulled down a little girl's pants for the first time when I was eight years old. Oh Christ. Eight years old. That's a baby. In Allison's es estimation, by the time he was 10 years old, David had quote, learn to take out his anger sexually.


And that was by the time he was 10. Yeah. Which would eventually become one of the driving forces of his personality as an adult. I'm sure you start that at 10 years old and it was never addressed. Like it's like he, it was not addressed until he saw the law for it. Yeah. He should've like that's like, it was never addressed in any kind of like medical way. Yeah. They should have gotten past the doors at the hospital. Yeah. When he was a child, the should have been taken care of. Yeah. Taken by the time he was 14 years old, he had committed his first sexual assault. Wow. Against one of his younger family members. Oh. The assault Resul resulted in him being committed to the Napa State Hospital and he was housed with other sex offenders there.


Upon his release, he returned to his parents' house. But everything just kept going downward. When he wasn't in school, he started spending a lot of time alone in the woods. Oh God. Before long he was suspected of committing burglaries and homes in and around Santa Cruz. The next year when David was in the 10th grade, he ran away from home and hid out for a few days in the family cabin in Redwood Grove. And this disappearance was the last straw because, so the school expelled him because he stopped gonna school. Oh, okay. Okay. Now, a year after being kicked out of school, he was in trouble with the law again. And this is awful. After he committed a sexual assault against two cousins, not his cousins, but they were cousins.


A pair of cousins, an 8-year-old and a 3-year-old. Oh God. He met them at Diamonds Heights, diamond Heights Park. And according to Dr. Allison's evaluation, he threatened the two with a knife, which marked the first time that he used a weapon in an assault, which indicates a very severe escalation in violent behavior. Yep. And this again, this was when he was 15. Holy shit. Maybe 15 or 16. Yeah. The around there. Yeah. He was quickly arrested for the assault and sentenced to the California Youth Authority at Preston. Do you remember that name? We covered, yeah, we covered the Preston School, right? Yeah. The Preston School of Industry. Oh yeah.


Go back to that episode where he was held until his 18th birthday. Oh fuck. After he turned 18, he was transferred to Napa State Hospital for observation. And after 90 days he was determined to no longer a threat. I dunno about that there. This, this is a story of many failures. It usually is. He could have been stopped many times, incarcerated. No one had to die incarcerated. Yeah. No one had to die here. I at all fucking hate that. Now, looking back, his juvenile record, which contained a number of incidents that, you know, if we looked at now in 2025, they would be the most giant red flags. Right. Five arrests for sexual assault.


One, a escape from juvenile detention, a long history of bragging about sexual assaults to the other inmates. All of that would now be looked at it as like, oh no, this is gonna escalate in a big way. Yeah. Like let's keep him locked up. And his personal history included several experiences and characteristics that are now associated with antisocial personalities and serial murders in particular, including a history of bedwetting and cruelty to animals. Yikes. So it's like he's got all the red flags, he's ticking all the boxes. If psychiatrists had known then what we know now, they would've had every reason to believe that David Carpenter would pose a severe threat to those around him. Yeah. And they sh and it kills me that they didn't now in 1950.


So actually most of what he was going through when he was younger, it was in the forties. So I was wrong about the fifties. Even worse. In 1950, when he was 20 years old, Carpenter found work as an office assistant in messenger for the HB Thomas company on Battery Street in San Francisco. One day in Midsummer, he ended up picking up a girl he knew who was hitchhiking to a friend's house. And he offered to drive her the rest of the way. So he knew this girl as they drove. He said, do you actually mind if I make a quick stop at my house? Yes I do. And she was like, yeah, totally. 'cause she, yeah. Why would she take anything of that? Once inside the house though, he started to become sexually aggressive with her. And she was like, no.


And then she was like, I wanna leave. But he said, no, you're not gonna leave. Oh. The girl only managed to escape after fighting him off and locking herself in the bathroom and climbing through a very small window that left outside. That's that led inside. That's literally what nightmares are made of. And she had to run somewhere like how and contact the police. Now he was quickly picked up on a charge that he quote willfully and felonious made an assault upon a female under the age of 18 with the intent to have and accomplish the act of sexual intercourse upon said female, he pled not guilty and was taken to trial where he was acquitted.


What the fuck? Hello? 1950s. For real. Hello. Now Ralph Allison's notes though indicate that David made no attempt to deny the allegations against him and had been quite cooperative and asked only that he be placed in a facility where he could receive help. So he even asked for help, but 1950s, they were like, nah, nah, you're good. Just get on. Bye. Get on out of here. Yeah. In 1955, David ended up dating and then marrying a 19-year-old woman named Ellen. Ellen Heel, I believe it is the peer, the peer met at in Daley City a few years earlier.


And when David, they, when they met David was briefly dating her sister Willamina. Oh no. Yeah. When she broke off their relationship, after only a few dates, he turned his attention to Ellen. And within a few months they were married at Yeah. That is not girl code. No. And that is not sister code. No Sister code goes, goes above girl code. It certainly does. And they were married at San Francisco City Hall. Less than a year later, Ellen gave birth to their first child. Michael and the family moved to a small house in Westlake. And David found a steady job as a shipping clerk there. Two years later, Alan gave birth to their second child, Gabrielle, who was followed in 1960 by their third child Ccy.


By this point in his life, his attitude towards women was pretty fucking clear. He, without fail portrayed himself as the victim of women. Like women were to blame his mother. Yeah. Was to blame immediately. Therefore women were to blame. He basically said everything he did, it had, it was gonna fall upon women as being the problem here. Not him. He was never to be placed blame upon. It wasn't him. And it's like, fuck you dude. Yeah. You're your own person. Plenty of people go, I'm not saying he had a great, he had a terrible life. No, But you can't make, make excuses for your behavior once you become an adult. No. It's like based on your childhood.


I'm sorry, you gotta look at people who make that, and again, he's in a different like time period. So I don't know like what's going on yet. And all the resources that we have now are not available, but still, there are still people who went through like, so you really do, like you can't just blame how you were raised. No. On how you act as an adult. Like you can't Absolutely can't. But if you're, you can't hurt people. Like that's not, it just, it drives me crazy. And it's like so many of these guys will be like, well I kill women because of my mom. Get, get over it. Exactly. Like really you're gonna kill women because of your mom. Not all women are your mom. And you should be able to make that diff differentiation. Exactly. Now, unfortunately, like we've said before, medical understandings of personalities like his were very poorly understood in 1950.


So they weren't exactly like analyzing David's symptoms. Right. Instead, like his psychiatrist, Ralph Allison, who we've cited here before, he was focusing more on like finding effective treatment. Yeah. Which, yeah, that's good. But like you also need to figure out what the fuck is going on here. And also there's just not treatment for everybody. No, exactly. And as we know now, there's not treatment for people like this. Really. No. No. And from Allison's perspective, Dr. Allison, he said he thought it came down to David's stutter. He said, I think it's a lot more than that. If he could get proper therapy for the stammer, we might be able to prevent further catastrophes of this sort. That's what he had written me. I think that's a wild point of view.


Yeah. I also, that's think that is a very wild point of view. I think that's absolutely bonkers. I think that's the most 1950s point of view I've ever seen in my life. I think a psychiatrist just being like, I think If you could just speak clear, you wouldn kill women, you wouldn't wanna kill people. It's like, nope. I don't think that's the driving force. No, I think that's part of his struggles. Sure. And especially that that was not taken as something that like they worked through with him or made him accept and, and be able to, you know, work through. Right. It was treated as like, we're ashamed of you. Yeah. Like, that's awful. Of course that's gonna affect somebody.


Not to this extent. No. I think there's other things here at play and I think we should maybe look at them. I agree with you.


Everything is so ridiculously expensive right now. And the last thing you wanna do is put all of that on a credit card and be racking up your credit card debt. There is a better way you can build credit with money you set aside and avoid interest or expensive debt with chimes credit builder card. It's a secured card with no credit check or minimum deposit required. Start building better credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payments. All with no annual fees, interests, or credit. check@chime.com slash Morbid. I feel like it's so much easier to plan for family vacations. This way it's so much easier to account for unexpected expenses. And what's really cool is that better credit can give you access to awesome things like, you know, lower rates on loans or a car or a home. The cool thing about Chime is that there's no annual fees. There's no interest or credit checks to apply. Turn your everyday purchases and on-time payments into steps toward your financial goals with Chime secured Credit Builder Visa credit card. Get started today@chime.com slash Morbid. That's chime.com/ Morbid. Chime. Feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the Bank Corp NA or Stride Bank. NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Chime checking account required to apply out-of-network. A TM withdrawal and OTC fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


As a parent, you never wanna sacrifice quality for convenience yet so many baby and kid food options today, just simply do not meet the mark. That's why we love Little Spoon over here. They deliver healthy, ready to eat meals and snacks that your baby, toddler or big kid will love. And you can actually feel good about giving to them. All their products are junk free, organic, where it counts and thoughtfully sourced peace of mind. Every parent deserves and easier mealtime without sacrificing on quality. That's a win. They also have an amazing variety of baby blends, bit bowls, plates, and so much more. Elena's kids are obsessed with Little Spoon. We're giving it to them here, there and everywhere. And Tee Tee's coming around the corner and she's stealing the meatballs from their plates because they're really that good. They have bit balls that transition to table early finger food meals for your growing baby plates, for your toddlers and your big kids that are free of all that junk and taste amazing. And they're under $7 a meal. Did I mention it All Comes right to your door. So flexible, so easy. And everything stores right in in the fridge. In the freezer. Elena picks the menu for her kids and changes it up every time. The price is right, the quality is unmatched. Elena loves it. Her kids love it. The grandparents even love it. And so does TT A huge win-win win for our family. And it can be for yours. Simplify your kiddos mealtime with 30% off your first order. Go to Little Spoon dot com slash Morbid 30 and enter our code Morbid 30 at checkout to get 30% off your first Little Spoon. Order


Between the responsibilities of his new job and now his growing family, he was feeling like he was under a lot of pressure, which left him with a lot of rage. Oh goody. Because this is not a man who can handle even the slightest inconvenience in his life. The only thing that seemed to keep his anger in check, according to Ellen, his wife at the time was his need to have sex at least three times per night. Oh honey, your face. I'm not laughing at this. No, she's laughing at my reaction face. Never. Yeah, that's, I was like, whoa. That's wild. And it's like, fucking poor Ellen. She has three children, has three children, and she's dealing with this fucking man child who is like abusive uncontrollably angry.


And I, I just like wonder what she, what he presented to her. I know. You know, but to, to, to get, like, to get him to marry her. Right. I, you know, I know. You know what I mean? Like, it is so weird how we hear about these men who have these awful childhoods and they have a lot of issues with girls and women and then they find one woman who they are able to woo. Yeah. You know, and I think it's because they see that there's an end result where they can have the control they want. So they, so they're the charm. So they're cunning enough to know that they have to put some effort in and the beginning to, you know, like the, the means justify the end Yes. Kind of thing. Yeah.


And like, and vice versa. So I think it's like that. But the mask falls, that feels like it was probably the scenario. And I, and I feel so badly for Ellen. 'cause like, it sounds like she was just completely entrapped Yeah. In this. Well, and remember this wasn't a time where she could even seek a divorce. Exactly. That's the other thing. Keep it in mind. Or half her own credit card and she's got three kids now. Yeah. But there were times that even that wasn't enough for him. And he would come explosively violent with her and then he would claim to have no recollection of it. So he's like blacking out potentially, or, or he's just lying about it and being like, I don't wanna take responsibility for that, so I'm gonna pretend it didn't happen.


I'm sure probably like, I'm sure like that accounts for some instances, but I do believe that some people are so scary that they do black out. Oh, I'm sure. Yeah. But I don't think it accounts for every instance. No, no. In mid-July 1960, he ran into an old friend Lois Dendro. Lisa Rena's mother. I was just gonna say, I don't know if that sounds familiar to you, Lisa Rena, you guys like, you know, she's been a soap opera actress forever the days of our lives. She's, she's on the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Was She was. She was. I, I don't, I haven't watched it in forever. But she was on it. She did dances on TikTok. You might remember her mother, Lois, you passed away recently, I think, didn't you?


Yeah, a couple years ago. Couple a couple years. She was adorable. Oh my. I loved Lois. Lois was the cutest. And they seemed like they were, they were super close. Wildly close. Yep. So like, I'm sorry, that's, and Lois went through a lot. Yeah. Yes. Lois did go for through a lot. Because you might be saying, I'm sorry, back it up. Why are we mentioning Lois in this story? Yeah. And why are we mentioning her as an old friend? She was, they worked together, I think, right? Yeah. So they had met through mutual acquaintances a few years earlier. And again, they had like, and they had gone to coffee together a couple times in the past. Yeah. They knew each other. You know, they just knew each other like they were friends. Yeah. It was whatever.


She, Lois had been on her way to work one morning when David offered her a ride. That's what it is again. They're friends. Cool. David's offering me a ride, David, she has no reason not to accept it. What the fuck would I care? As he'd done a few years earlier, David asked whether Lois would mind if they made a quick stop. But this time he said, Hey Lois, I gotta pick up my wife Ellen and my new baby disarming. So of course Lois is like, of course you can. That sounds lovely. I'd love to see the babe. But the more they drove, the more Lois began to wonder whether they were actually going to pick up his wife and baby. Finally, David pulled over on the side on a side street and lo Lois immediately knew something wasn't right.


She later said, by then I was really nervous. So I started to get out of the right hand side of the car and I started to run. Wow. Now Carpenter managed to reach Lois before she had gone far And she, he dragged her back to the car. Oh my God. And she's unable to move. And he pulled out rope and a knife from the glove compartment and threatened her to keep quiet. And later she said, he told me to be quiet. Not if I was quiet, he wouldn't kill me, but if I made any noise, he would. Now the entire scene was fucking terrifying and completely confusing to Lois who'd known Carpenter for years. And she was like, I'd never seen him behave violently.


Right. His violent shit was contained. Yeah. To his home. Right behind closed doors. I was just gonna say, everyone else saw this pretty normal like guy. Yeah. Like they, they're just David. Like what? So I, I can't imagine knowing someone for years. Yeah. And then having them snap on you like this. That must be, and like it would be paralyzing. Yeah. And she said it was, she was like, I literally didn't know what to do. I was like, what are you talking about? You'll kill me. Right. Like what? So she later said, per perhaps she said she thought perhaps David went crazy. That's a quote. I was so terrified. I don't think I moved after that. Yeah. And although she wasn't planning on moving at that point, 'cause she was terrified.


She was looking around and scanning her surroundings, trying to look for anything that could help her get out of this situation. Smart. So she's desperately searching for a sign of anyone around her. And David reached into the seat and grabbed a hammer At the same time that he was doing that, Lois spotted a car a few dozen yards away and without thinking, she threw her hand out and slammed down on the car horn just to, that's the only thing she can think of. Get some tension. But Carpenter immediately slashed at her with the knife he had slicing into her hand. Oh. He ended up lacerating tendons in two of her fingers. Oh. Now, despite that injury, which is a pretty fucking massive injury, that's gnarly.


Lois managed to get the door open And she tumbled out and hit the ground running. David Carpenter got out and fucking chased her at full speed. Oh my God. This must have been horrifying. Absolutely. He did. He caught up with her again and he raised a, he's right behind her running after her with a hammer. And he raised the hammer to hit her in the head. But just as he came down with it, she threw her hands up to deflect the blow from the hammer. And the hammer struck a watch she was wearing and shattered it. But there was only a brief moment of luck because he raised the hammer again and brought it right down on her head and it made contact.


So she knocked it right to the ground and he struck her five more times in the head with the hammer. I didn't realize that she did. Oh yeah. I thought she got out of this like unharmed. Oh no. She got ruthlessly beaten in the head with this hammer. Holy shit. Barely conscious. She managed to scream for help, which caught the attention of a military police officer Jewel Wayne Hicks, who happened to be driving down the narrow street at the time. Whoa. What are the odds? Yeah. And also a military police officer caught this man doing this. But we have eight stories of murder to tell. Yeah. Huh. That should be your first know, like knowledge of how many times, this is a failure to keep an absolute animal locked up, ticking box number one.


Yeah. Whoa. So Hicks, the military police officer slammed on his brakes, got out and ran in the direction of the car and the screams. And he was holding a riot baton in one hand and a 45 pistol in the other. And that's the way we got outta the car folks. That's how we get outta the car for one of these scenes. At first he couldn't, he couldn't see the two people on the ground since there was a car door in the way. Right. Right. But he could hear the sounds and he said he immediately knew what was happening. By the time he made it to the car Carpenter was on top of Lois still hitting her with the hammer. Jesus. And Hicks said, even when he saw me coming down the hill, he kept hitting her. So he saw this man and just kept hitting Lois.


So that makes you like, honestly question if he is in a blind rage at this point. Yeah. It's so scary because that is, and I think it, I mean, I think it's how you define a blind rage. Like I still think he knows what he is doing is wrong. But like you're looking at he just a police officer and you're not stopping. I think he is singularly focused on his rage. He's an animal and the, and the focus of his rage. Yeah. And it just doesn't matter anything else. But that's so wild to think of somebody's thought process because then Officer Hicks shouted for him to stop, obviously. And that caused David to jump up and run. But he ran at Hicks swinging the hammer at him.


He's a madman. And he said he was quote screaming in rage. Oh, that's horrifying. So he's just an animal. Yep. And when the officer finally managed to successfully fend off the hammer with his baton Carpenter, pulled out a quote, fountain pen, tear gas gun, and fired it and Hicks' face bitch. What? So he came fully prepared to incapacitate someone. I had no idea that, yeah, this was this, that, this, that's the thing that this was this. I also didn't know that they briefly discussed this outta dinner on housewives. Briefly over sushi, I believe. Yeah. Holy fuck. The gun produced a large plume of smoke, which confused Hicks momentarily.


But he wasn't quite sure what happened. He just got hit in the face with this tear gas pen, which is nothing new for a military police officer officer. No. He said he recognized the sound of a gunshot. Oh fuck. And instinctively raised his pistol and fired in the direction of where Carpenter was and Hicks was, didn't know where he was at the time, but he still managed to hit Carpenter twice. Once in the abdomen and once in the leg, which knocked him off his feet and caused him to shout that he surrendered. So he got shot twice and surrendered. Hello. Now I wanna be, so when you guys hear this, that he was on top of this woman that hitting her with a hammer in the head with a hammer repeatedly.


What would you say is the end result that he was probably looking for by doing that? Either rape or murder? Both. I would say you don't hit someone five times in the head with a hammer and not assume that they're gonna die. Yep. He was trying to murder her. Yep. 100%. Yeah, definitely. Murder. I was just questioning he was, I'm sure he was also gonna do that. But he, this is a murder that he failed at. Yep. This isn't assault. No, this is attempted murder. This is a murder that he failed. That he failed to commit. And you guys know how we feel about attempted murder. Yeah. So with Carpenter incapacitated, Hicks went back to his car and radioed for backup, which arrived very quickly. Lois was taken to the hospital. She was treated for a fractured skull, which was broken in two places.


Her skull was shattered in two places. It's remarkable that she survived this. Yeah. And she also had severe lacerations on her hands and face after multiple surgeries, during which metal plates were placed in her skull and tendons were grafted in two fingers and nearly two months of hospitalization, she recovered unreal. But she never regained full use of those fingers. Oh. In her statement of police, Lois detailed what happened from the moment Carpenter picked her up, including that he had told her quote, I have a sex quirk. Just moments before attacking her. A quirk, A quirk babe. That's not a kink like a quirk.


David Carpenter was taken to Letterman General. General Hospital where surgeons removed the two bullets from his body. Why? Before, I know, unfortunately before he was cuffed to a bed and he recovered there before being transferred to San Quentin, like a little over a week later, I think it was, to a wait, his hearing. Okay. This, it turned out would take much longer than expected because due to his injuries and his claims of mental illness, it was gonna go a lot longer than just like charge doing tests, let's go and blah, blah, blah. In the two months that followed, he was evaluated twice by psychiatrists before finally being indicted on September 22nd, where a grand jury returned four counts of assault that if convicted would've put him to jail for 30 years question mark.


Which like, cool, cool. 30 years. But that's But like, where's attempted murder? That's not just assault. Yeah. Where's the attempted murder charge? Right? Like, are we really pretending that he was in trying to kill her? He fractured her skull in two places and hit her over five times with a hammer and sliced her hands open. Yeah. Like he attacked her with a knife and a hammer. Yeah. Are we all okay? At his arraignment in October, Carpenter pled not guilty and his lawyer indicated their intent to plead insanity as a defense. But you already got evaluated. Yeah. No. Instead not to work. It's not just as they were preparing to go to trial, he accepted a plea deal from the prosecution and pled guilty to one count of assault with a deadly weapon.


I, I'll say, yeah, I understand plea deals. Yeah. For certain things they piss me off, but I got them this. Yeah. I don't see this one. I feel like they would've got him on all. Yeah. Those four counts. Well, and Judge Oliver Carter wasn't certain he would accept the deal. And instead I don't blame him, he ordered Carpenter to a 90 day hold in federal prison where he was gonna be examined thoroughly by psychiatrists. And on March 9th, 1961, Carpenter was back in front of a judge after having been ev evaluated many times at San Quentin. And after reading the reports which diagnosed Carpenter as a sociopathic personality, the judge deemed David a quote, personality, who should be locked away in the interests of society?


That's completely correct. Thank you, sir. And given the brutality of the attack and his past offenses, he sentenced him to 14 years in federal prison. Okay. Like I wish it was the full 30 though. Yeah. But then for some reason, the judge kind of like softened somewhat after announcing the ruling Oliver of and recommended the parole board conduct routine evaluations and released Carpenter quote. At any time he's considered rehabilitated Oliver. Like, I'm sorry, what the fuck? You literally said he's a threat to society. Yeah. And then they're like, Hey, parole board. Like keep it. Keep tabs on that though. Check it out. If you feel like it's cool that day, just let him out. Yeah. Just be, be cool man. Don't be all uncool. Well, he was diagnosed as a sociopathic personality.


Yeah. And tried to kill this woman. Yeah. And this officer tried to kill Lois and this officer. Yep. So after the sentence was passed, Ellen filed for divorce. Oh, good. Listing their separation as July 12th, 1960, the night of the attack on Lois. Wow. Good for her. That's women supporting women. Hell yeah. And she cited extreme cruelty as a reason. Yeah. And wrongfully inflicting upon her grievous mental suffering. Oh, so she, I guess you could file for divorce back then as a woman. Yeah. The divorce was finalized on OC August 27th, 1962. And Carpenter was ordered to pay $1 per month in child support and $1 per month in alimony.


Also, they got three kids. Yeah. She was awarded the couple's assets, including the house. That's good. And granted her re request, they granted her request for a restraining order to prevent David from quote, annoying or molesting the children. Oh God. Yeah. I don't know if that means what that word means. Some that there's terms, legal terms that that can mean like bothering. Yeah. Which is weird. I know, but I'm not sure where, how that one was used. Molesting is what I'm talking about. Okay. But he is also, he has like pedophilic tendencies, so it's like I that couldn't know that. Who knows? Right. But I am not positive. Yeah.


Want to grow your business fast with TikTok ads. Anything is possible. If you've ever thought about advertising your business on TikTok, now is the time to do it. You can drive more customers to your websites, sell products right in the app. And you can even use tiktoks creative tools to easily make content and find creators to help sell your products. For you. Find new customers today, just open your browser, type in get started.tiktok.com/tiktok ads and grow your business fast. Now.


In the meantime, David was sent to McNeil Island's Correctional Facility and began serving his sentence on April 12th, 1961. Now, he applied for parole in 1964, but it was unanimously rejected. Good. In April, 1969. However, he came up for parole a second time and his petition was granted bad on the grounds that he'd served the minimum nine year sentence. What about the maximum though? We don't wanna talk about that today. And also like, okay, we're not gonna like, so he just served his minimum sentence, so you're gonna let him out so it's all good, regardless of what kind of person he is. So now he's a free man Christ, and he moved in with his stepbrother William, and began taking welding classes at the local vocational school.


I feel as though we shouldn't offer people like that welding classes. Let's not give him tools, I don't think. Yeah. In his free time he started attending group therapy Good. On the recommendation of his parole officer. Good. And it was there that he met Helen. Bad question Mark. David and Helen began dating that spring and on August 8th, 1969, they were married at City Hall. That was quick. He gets them, he gets women to marry him quickly. Yeah. William Carpenter, his stepbrother was the witness to the marriage. It appears little as known about this period of his life. He remained in regular contact with his probation officer at this point, and he was meeting all the conditions of his parole for a while. So he's probably laying low at this point. Yeah. Then rather suddenly he cut off all communication with the probation officer and the parole board that December.


Huh. And he had like years left on his probation. So there's no reason for this. And around the same time, Helen having been driven to what author Robert Graysmith referred to as quote, the edge of a nervous breakdown. Oh. Left California on a long trip to Hawaii and just left her husband behind. Damn. Yeah. Who knows what that poor woman who knows, endured what was going on. The fact that she left the entire state of California tells us everything we need to know. Yeah. Now without anyone watching over him, it didn't take long before David Carpenter began losing control of his rage. On the evening of January 27th, 1970, he went out for a drive on Highway two 80 towards Santa Cruz.


And at some point, the driver of a passing car, who was a young blonde woman, caught his attention. And for no explicable reason, she became the focus of his fucking rage. Oh no. Without any warning to this driver. David sped up beside her and forced her car off the road. Oh, that's so scary. Scary. She's just driving. That is so scary. Terrified. She jumped out of the car and ran into the underbrush quickly losing him, and he stood at the side of the road and called out to her and threatening voices. What the fuck? But when he heard no sounds, he got back in his Volkswagen beetle and steered the car back onto the highway. That poor girl.


Holy, holy shit. I just can't imagine later in life being like that happened. That would've happened. And did she ever even realize that it was him? I don't know. You know? Yeah. That's the thing. It's like, that's why imagine thinking back to that being like, oh my God. Like, and you just read this and you're like, holy fuck. A short time later, a little past 10:00 PM he found himself driving on Highway nine towards Boulder Creek, where the only other car on the road easily caught his attention again. 'cause he's pissed, determined to relieve his tension and anger. He pressed the accelerator and rammed his car into the other driver who was 19-year-old Cheryl Lynn Smith. Oh.


Thinking the man was drunk. She shouted at him. She was like, fuck you dude. Yeah. But Carpenter ignored her and they, they pulled over to the side of the road and he started like a quote unquote, evaluating the damage. Oh my God. So Smith got out of her car and was looking over the damage as well. And then Carpenter's hand shot out and grabbed her by the neck. Oh, that's awful. He grabbed her by the neck and said, I want to rape you. I'll have to kill you If you don't come with me. Oh God. Like, what the fuck? So, and this is like graphic, I apologize. Carpenter dragged her into the brush where he literally tore off her clothing and violently sexually assaulted her.


As Cheryl tried to get out of his grasp, he sliced her arm with his knife, partially severing the muscles and rendering it temporarily useless. Oh my God. The, the force that would take. Yeah. And she said, so she's trying to get away from him. He does this. And then she said, she finally was like, I'm just gonna look at him. 'cause she wasn't looking at him. And she said, she looked at him And she said she was stunned because she said, all I had seen up till that point was this like violent, scary man. And she was like, suddenly he looked totally different. What? Suddenly she said his features had softened, and he spoke to her with a pronounced stutter suddenly, which he didn't have before.


And she said to her bewilderment, she, he, he looked at her and said, look, you're hurt and bleeding. Let me follow you home and I'll bandage you up and I'll promise not to If you promise not to call the police. That's so scary. And like, like said it like, look, you're hurt and bleeding. Like, not like, oh my God, I hurt you. Fuck. It was like, oh my God. Like, like how did that happen? But it softened into like, oh no. Like, I didn't mean like what you violently raped her. Like what do you mean? And she was like, no, I'm good. Like it's, it's good. And she managed to get back to her own car and drove away and he just let her Oh, that poor girl.


Yeah. But 19 years old. But as she's driving home, she notices that he's driving behind her. Oh no. And he was keeping distance, but he was behind her. And so she saw a large hotel in the distance. So she drove in the direction of what she was hoping would be help, and he was driving behind her the entire way. So she gets into the very well lit parking lot and he sped off. So he was planning on following her. Yeah. Right. To her house. Yep. But she managed to write down his license plate. Smart. She immediately reported the attack to police and gave them the license plate number. And she described her attacker as white 30 to 35 years of age, five feet, 10 inches, 160 pounds and brown hair.


That same night, an anonymous collar reported witnessing what appeared to be a fender bender accident on Highway nine, which is that. So later it was discovered that Cheryl was the second woman that he had attacked that day. The first was a woman named Wilma Joyce. Now this isn't the blonde woman who ran away from him. This is another one. Oh. So they think it's two really? It was three. Yeah. So far. Yeah. That afternoon, Joyce had returned home from a shopping trip to find Carpenter waiting in her house with a shotgun. Nope. Nope. Yeah. Walked in from shopping to him, sitting in her home with a shotgun. Do you know, that's one of my biggest fears. That is the scariest thing I've ever heard.


That's Oh fuck. That's literally horror movie shit. That is horror movie shit. And he forced her to leave with him in her car. And the two drove for a short time before he sexually assaulted her and then let her out of the car. What? This is awful too. In the days after that, he kidnapped and assaulted two other women, one of whom had a toddler in the car with her. Oh. And stole a car from a third woman. Why was he not stopped? This is crazy. Yeah. When they were interviewed by police, all the women identified David Carpenter as their attacker. They like, they knew his name unanimously. They were able to identify him. Oh, okay.


Okay. Now, Carpenter was arrested at a motel in Modesto on February 3rd, 1970. After a week long manhunt conducted by the Santa Cruz County Sheriff's Department. And this is when he should be put away for Thank you. Because he has a violent past that he's now continuing. He has just assaulted numerous women. Numerous women. After assaulting Lois. Yeah. A police officer and just dodging parole. Yeah. Yep. So at the time of his arrest, the district attorneys in Santa Cruz County and nearby Calvers County filed charges against him for attempted rape, rape, kidnapping, and assault. And because he had been on parole at the time, with four years left on his sentence, he was placed in Calvers County jail pending a transfer to a prison where he could serve out the rest of his sentence.


So he is now also violated parole. These are all huge charges. Massive. David was held at Calaveras County Jail for two months until he managed to escape on the night of April 26th. Oh. According to the press, he was being held in a cell with four other men, and they managed to cut through the bars and all five of them escaped out of a skylight. And that's why we don't let prisoners just hang out together in their cells. Also, they were unsure how they cut through the bars, but a spokesperson person for the sheriff's office said they may have used a hacksaw blade. I'm sorry, where the fuck did they get a hacksaw blade?


My question. Exactly. These violent prisoners had had access to a hacksaw blade. Just, oops. We forgot the hacksaw blade was in there. I'm a normal bitch. I don't have access to a hacksaw blade. Yeah. I've never committed a violent crime. The fuck. And how would they, one, have a hacksaw blade and two, have enough time to hacksaw through bars, like that's gonna also make some noise, all escape. No one was looking at them. No one was checking. I wonder if they like bribed a guard or something. Yeah. Now the good news is all five of them were rounded up the following day. That's good. And while, while the other four were returned to jail to await their trials, David Carpenter was transferred to Soledad Prison on July 17th, a grand jury in Santa Cruz indicted Carpenter for rape, attempted rape, kidnapping, and assault.


District attorney Peter Chang told the press, right now, Carpenter is serving a minimum five year sentence. If we can make the aggravated kidnapping charge stick, the term will be increased to life. Let's go already serving a sentence of one to 25 years for the charges in Cavas County. On October 8th, Carpenter pleaded guilty to one count of rape and one count of armed robbery. And in exchange he was given a sentence of five years. That's bullshit. They should be ashamed of this. Absolutely. They should. These, all these deaths are on their hands for this shit. 100%. Now, despite Peter Chang thinking that he would be able to lock him up for life, David would only spend nine years at Soledad Prison until being paroled to a halfway house in late May, 1979.


You guys did this before though. Yeah. You did it before And it didn't work out. He just failed. What? And just like the last time he was released out on parole way too soon. It didn't take long before he returned Right back to his old habits. Yeah, I bet. Yep. Now, on May 21st, 1979, he was released on parole. And by that time, Helen had divorced him and he was to remain on probation until 1982. So he was sent to live at Reality House West, which was a halfway house for federal prisoners transitioning back into society, which is not something he should have been. No. As part of his parole conditions, he was required to find a job. So he started taking classes at the vocational center and eventually began participating in courses in computer repair.


Okay. Around this time, he also took up hiking around Santa Cruz. No. And developed a particular fondness for the trails on mount to mal pace, which is, which I think they call it Mount Tam for sure. Oh, I've heard of Mount Tam. Yeah. It's a popular hiking spot in Marin County, about 10 miles outside San Francisco. At the foot of the mountain was a small community of renters, including John and Edda Kane. Now, in the morning of August 19th, 1979, Edda Kane was preparing for a four hour hike that the couple had planned to take together that afternoon. Unfortunately, John's arthritis was acting up that morning, so he was unable to take the hike with Eda.


She was a very experienced hiker. So she just decided to go alone. Yeah. Several hours passed and EDA had still not returned home. This caused John to be very anxious. His wife. Wife was very skilled, but it was getting dark. So he called the sheriff's department and reported it. And deputies were sent out immediately to look for eda. Now, sheriff's deputies, along with a search and rescue team, and packs of dogs combed the mountain all night. But by dawn, they still hadn't found eda. Ooh. And her car was still in the parking lot where it had been all night. That's chilling. The only other car that John noticed in the parking lot that morning, other than the members of the search team, was a Volkswagen Beetle that had been there. Why is that? Since the previous evening.


Always a Volkswagen people. Yep. And he drives one around one 30 that afternoon, one of the dogs discovered Ed's body, it was a short distance off Rock Springs Trail. It's very chilling. She was in a kneeling position and her body had fallen forward, face down with a large bullet hole in the back of her head. Oh. Sergeant Rich Keaton said, when we finally came across Ms. Kane's body, all per all items of personal nature of hers had been removed, with the exception of one sock. Oh. So she's nude except for one sock in a kneeling position with her face down. That's awful.


The discovery was shocking for about a million reasons, not the least of which was the fact that while sheriff's deputies had found many bodies on Mount Tam, to, to their knowledge, EDA was the first person to be murdered on the mountain. Right. That alone made the press immediately take notice and start reporting the story. Now in interviews with those who'd been at the mountain that day at that Ed went missing. Several people reported seeing a single man hiking around the same time EDA was Lieutenant Robert Gini told reporters, we are by no means certain the man murdered Edda Kane, but investigators were just trying to come up with a composite sketch of this man from the witness's descriptions.


Yeah. Otherwise, there was very little evidence that could point investigators towards any suspect. There were rumors, and they were rumors that Edda had been having an affair with a younger man. So detectives did wonder whether he might have been involved or whether John might have killed her out of jealousy. That was like their initial thoughts. Yeah. They gotta go to like that. Yeah. They have to. John Cain was quickly ruled out. That's good. But police shifted their attention to the younger man that EDA had allegedly, and seeing, although he denied seeing Eda that day, the man still couldn't account for his whereabouts. So detectives couldn't rule him out. A sergeant working the case later said, after Edna's death, John Cain just withered away without her and eventually died.


Oh, that's so sad. As for the young man, he killed himself while we were investigating him. Oh, wow. That must have been so strange. Yeah. Yeah. That's bizarre. Yeah. So that is where we're gonna leave you in part one. All right. But yeah, it's a lot. And it, it's gonna keep going. That's a crazy lead up. Yeah. Wow. And he, he, he, this is only the first murder. I was just Yeah, that's what I mean. We have seven more. We had a full part, one with one murder. Yeah. But his, his assaults are enough to, they're gnarly.


His assaults are basically attempted murder. Yeah, they are. All of 'em. But yeah, he's a horrible, horrible human being. He really is like very horrible. He really is. And he somehow gets worse. Well, with that being said, we hope keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, weird, but not so weird that you don't tune into part two. Oof.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Some people get a wild haircut or book a spontaneous trip when life throws them a curve ball. But Molly, well, she dove headfirst into a world of no strings attached sex secret rendezvous, forbidden affairs, and unforgettable adventures. And together we tell every juicy detail and Dying for Sex Wondery award-winning podcast that's now streaming on a TV near you, starring Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate. And to top it off, we're dropping brand new bonus episodes where I sit down with the cast to spill all the spicy secrets, desire, friendship, self-discovery, and the ultimate bucket list of pleasure. This is a story that had everyone talking. Listen to the original Dying for Sex and brand new episodes on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge the original series before anyone else and completely add free on Wondery Plus.