
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast. Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Ava And. It is Hands down. The best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients, And each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything. That your body craves to feel your best. nd It is creamy.


It's smooth. Comes together with just water and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me. You know vanilla And, chai I like to do half, half, boom. Vanilla chai. but if that's not your vibe, they've Also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava. First thing nd at morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. Nd then I. Know That, I'm starting my day Energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients. That I need to put In my body first thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription.


for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love cava Hey Morbid. Listeners, have you heard That? You can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free. Well, good news With Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast. Included with your prime membership I have a prime membership. And I, love It And. You will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's Amazon dot com slash ad. Free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Yay. Hey weirdos. I'm Elena And. I'm m Ash. nd this Is Morbid Hey. It's spooky season. It is. We are In it. What. Is it like when you listen to this October something? Yeah. It's not That right now. No, but it's, it's That right now. Well, That wasn. That wasn. Super deep. A Elena That wasn Deep right now. It's like sometime In September.


and that's still spooky season. It's, it's Preoc October. It's Preoc October, but now it's October. If you're listening, telling and Eve. Halloween. Chili. Halloween. Halloween. and we, you know, What, it feels a little like Christmas because we got some delightful gifts from we, we went to our PO Box. The PO Box. The PO box. and we got, you guys always send the coolest shit. We really do. We have a decorating our pod lab all the time because you're awesome and you're So fucking talented. That It makes me sick. Make nd It's So nice of you. Me sick. You make me sick. Make nd It's so nice of you just to like send us. Yeah, cool. Trinkets. That. You make And to like use your skills to give us a gift.


That's the thing. 'cause like, which just really cool. You talk about That first thing we received because I think it's one of the coolest gifts I've ever gotten In my life. I'm just like In awe of this. So it's from there, it's from I. Want you to listen to this so you can go look It up on Etsy because go order these. Blow her shit up. It's Gingers Papie Pap and it's, let's see, gingers pape.etsy.com and it's Pape. P-A-P-E-R. I e And. Gingers before That. Yeah. So. This lovely, lovely lady. I don't know if she wants us to say her actual name. Let's not say her actual just In case. So I'm going gonna just In case you don't want me to.


Yeah. but she made us the most beautiful customized journals like Scrapbooky kind of journals. That are, they're so pretty very specific to us. Yes. We sat there this morning. And went through every fucking page, every little piece of paper, every detail. They are the most beautiful things I have ever seen. She's So talented. and every like couple pages, there would be like an insert where you would like pull out even more paper. Yeah, a little pocket. Little, yeah. nd there wasn. Just cool. Like little articles. Cool. Poems cool.


Like older ads from like, like vintage ads. Yes. Like Ash got like a bunch of vintage like, like hair styling ads. Yeah. and I got a bunch of like old pharmacy ads and like apothecary stuff at like there wasn, like a old, like this ancient looking tell like science textbook page. That wasn. In There I Love That wasn So. Cool And. She put a Zodiac wheel In mind. She included stickers nd at back. It honestly just the coolest, most thoughtful gift. It wasn really sweet. It really made our day. nd you can order off of her Etsy. Yeah. Shop. Yeah. nd like customize your journal with her. Yes. Like, like they even had our initials on the front. Yeah. It's amazing. I. Love it. wasn so much. So. Thank you so much.


Yeah. You're amazing. That. wasn. Just So fucking cool. It. Really? wasn. Yeah, And. Then we got this really cool piece of artwork nd I. Don't think it came with a card or like the card got lost somehow. but it's this framed piece. nd it's a, it's like a, a cross stitch. No. It. It. It's a I. Don't think it is a cross stitch. It's like beads. Oh, It is, they're almo. They almost look like little rhinestones. Oh shit. and it's a, it's a drawing of me and Elena standing back to back. Elena's got black on And. I have white And a black skirt. and we're standing In front of this circle. And. It says keep it weird. Morbid nd it's So cool. It cool. and if you sent It to us, it's So Cool looking. You are the fucking tits. Yeah. It wasn. Really cool. Name yourself.


Name yourself. Show yourself because this is cool. It's going up on my side of the wall. And. I'm really excited. It's a literal perfect spot for it. That's the thing. I happen to have the perfect spot. So I said Can it go In my side of the wall? Oh it's, it's like Diamondy. Yeah, it's because it just like, it's like glittered when you put it down. Sorry. All my papers are gonna go rusting. Oh that's really fucking cool. Yeah, it's really pretty. And I. I I. Hello. I'm so tired. I'm sorry. This is Wendy's ma'am. I don't even know. What I. wasn gonna say Yeah, I just love it. Were you gonna Yeah. You just love Speechless. Oh I. Oh I. wasn gonna say I. Wanna know I Don't know if this person who made it, if this is like their original drawing.


Because I've seen a sticker with That too. Yeah. Like the same. Which is such a cool one. Yeah, it's cool. So if you drew It, I Love you, we post a picture of it. I don't know you guys like just rule a bit. You're just awesome. and so many people send us cool books to read. nd sometimes people send books for like the kids, which is really sweet. Yeah guys, we appreciate all of it. We just appreciate you so much. You don't have to send us anything. Oh, oh that's another one. Before we get And it I promise we're gonna get And it. but do you have the I would like to shower you with love? I do Okay. Good. Hold on. So I got a really cool one from, let me see the store, her like little place is Bricks by Penelope.


Bricks by Penelope And. She takes bricks and she paints them to look like books. And Shit. And. She got me a brick And painted it to look like the butcher nd at wr. I'm gonna take a picture of It 'cause it's so fucking cool. It's So cool. It went right. nd at Bookshelf like right There. You right next to me. You, you would never even know That. It's a brick because it's so smooth. Smooth. nd beautiful and just like the details. Yes. Like 'cause obviously the butcher and the red cover has like the eyeball nd then there's something nd at eyeball it's So. So impressive. It is so fucking cool. I Just It What. A banner day I know And a banner. and we needed It this morning 'cause both both of us got our flu shots.


Oh my God. and I. Think we were just exhausted like the, you know you're fine after a flu shot. Yeah, but like sometimes your, your immune system immunes, you know which is good. My immune system immune so hard. Yeah. That. I wanna find It. Yeah. I just didn't sleep well last night 'cause I, wasn just like uncomfortable. I just didn't feel great. And nd your arm gets so, so sore. So we were just a little tired this morning and just not ourselves and I thought I. Wasn gonna yak. Yeah. So It wasn a nice little like It. wasn a nice thing, uplift 'cause Mikey came In like fucking old Saint nick with a, with a bigs. So full of full appeal boxes. Gies stuff. and we said, oh goodies. He's literally stroking his beard. Like Santa Claus Wood I, mean obsessed.


nd So. You guys really killed It and we appreciate you, you So and we're gonna post some of it 'cause it's just really cool. You guys are so cute. And you are and sweet nd kind. You're lovely. You're demure, you're very mindful. Cute. nd cutey And cutesy So. You don to at. By the time this comes out people will be like, What is That. People are the, the trend is over. People are done with That. but I'll never be done. I think it's hilarious With That personally. Speaking of very cutesy cutesy, very demure. Dere Dere. Very mindful I. Think by the time you hear this, it's gonna be like What. October 7th you said Mike October 7th. and That means guys, That our collection. Our Morbid collection with Spencers will be launching Spencers. Remember?


Do you guys remember the fucking like remember you would go to the mall with your friends? Yep. nd you'd be like, oh my God. Do you guys wanna go? nd at back of Spencer's And giggle a little bit. We can laugh. We can laugh back. There. We have a collection now with them. We do. We have sweatshirts. I'm literally wearing one right now. She actually is. These sweatshirts are really fun. I love them. So comfortable too. So comfy I recommend sizing up as much as you can because then you'll just be like wearing a blanket essentially. Yeah. This is So. Nice. nd we have a blanket. There's a blanket. There is a blanket. There's earrings, there's Press On Nails. There's Press on Nails. There's I. Think a like a Oh Makeup brushes. There's a palette. Even a makeup palette. An makeup eyeshadow palette.


There's cups. There's Cooks. We got cups. It's We got cups. We're drinking outta cups. Being a bitch. It's great. It's our chair. And. It's our problem. And. It's a happy, it's not even a problem. It's a great thing to have. So it's really fun. And, go check It out. It's In stores. Yes. We're gonna go, we're gonna be doing a, a little visit to the Spencer stores. Yeah. And. I can't wait. Yeah, it's gonna be exciting. Yay. Yay. Pop off by. So, oh, hold on. I just have to I need you to I'm going off on a, on a spiel here. Okay. Here we go. I need you to watch Secret Lives of Mormon wives on Hulu. But you told me I might not be able to No I think you'll be fine.


I decided because I wasn wasn thinking So I watched it. And two days. I started It on Saturday morning. nd just watched it while I decorated for Halloween. Love That watched It the next day. Drew Drew even got And it. Damn. and I wasn thinking about some of the other things That happened and I don't wanna like spoil it for you but you just, you have to watch It. Hmm. It's so good. I'm interested I keep just saying like what's gonna happen to mom talk. Is this gonna destroy What story? Mom talk. Mom talk Mom talk. nd I've seen so many people like So, many of our listeners like I've posted stuff on Insta and they've been responding to it. nd I just wanted to say I. Amm having the best time I love That. Just talking about Mom talk just nd Mormon wives just hanging out. It's So Good. Oh I love.


One of my favorite things is when our listeners are all like, we're all enjoying the same thing. Yes. and then like we'll post about It nd I get a bunch of messages. That are just like vibing with It. Yes. and I'm like I love this. It's so fun 'cause it feels like hanging out with a bunch of people. That are really I wasn just gonna say it's like a big hang s. It's true I. Love it. I love That. Alright, I'll let you get to everything now. Alright, before I begin, John and I are watching only murders nd at building and it's really good. So f at the last couple of seasons, So I wasn gonna say How many seasons is That at it? So four I think but it's Oh Wow really good. I watched a little bit of season one. Chief Martin a plus. So Selena Gomez So fucking good. So good. Yeah. Yeah. I watched a little bit of season one. And then I for No reason I just fell off of it.


but it want get wanna get but get back to it. It's cozy show I love It It iss a cozy show. but you know What, I'm gonna talk to you about some cemeteries today. Cozy today because cozy I suppose I think they're so I have a wild cemetery. Do you Wild It is the Westminster burying Grounds In Maryland Okay. It is a cemetery that's at the Westminster Presbyterian Church, which is now not the church anymore. It's called Westminster Hall Okay. nd they it wasn created In 1786. The burial grounds. Damn That is going back quite a ways. It's old It wasn actually made before the church wasn even erected. Nd the church wasn erected over It which made some catacombs happen.


What. Yeah. Hello. So there's That. That's terrifying. and this happens to have a very famous resident does it? Mr. Edgar Allen Poe himself is nd at cemetery. You know him. I've heard of his wor I Love your work. Yeah. And. Yeah I. Love your work. He wasn actually initially buried In an unmarked grave because of his strange end of his life. Mm. but you know, nd they marked It. We'll talk about That, don't worry. but later, according to morbidly beautiful.com, which is a very interesting website, a bunch of children from a local school raised money to get him a marker at the entrance of the cemetery. They called the fundraiser Pennies for Poe.


That's hilarious. nd adorable I. Remember I? Remember learning about That. Did you really? Yeah. When we talked about Ed Girl And Poe nd that's So funny. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn buried actually three different times. nd at cemetery. That's crazy. Yeah. I feel like He probably shouldn't disturb anybody's body. That much. Yeah. I mean he's So Wiley like He wasn Wiley In life. He wasn Wily and death. Mm He still is. Yeah. The marker. That wasn made at the entrance of the cemetery. wasn made with, you know, some of the raised funds. nd It had this little like medallion thing on It with his image on It. and it's been stolen And. It wasn stolen and ended up being found. In a flea market. In Charleston, West Virginia. What the fuck. Yeah because I guess It wasn. One of them wasn like bronze or something and or copper.


One of those nd Then the newer one. wasn Marble. Oh Wow. And. and they stole the marble one because that's expansive. but then It showed up. In a flea market. In West Virginia. Don't steal things. Don't steal things from graveyards. That's for fucking short. Don't steal things from anywhere don. but steal things specifically not from graveyards but like definitely don't steal from graveyards. That's bold. nd brazen. Yeah. So he's people That are Also buried. nd at cemetery a lot like near Egg po are his wife Virginia Kleem po. nd his mother-in-law. Maria po Clem. Whoa. You may be like weird That. They have the same last names but reversed And. You would be correct. but that's because his wife wasn, his cousin I always forget That and troubled man and indeed. and then someone tells me That nd I say and you go, oh Okay first cousin.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure Okay I think she wasn Also Young I. Remember That part like He wasn like 26 or something. wasn wasn. wasn 14. Wasn 13 or 14. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn A He. wasn a situation. We're going to a restaurant where He drank. nd at cellars there. Yeah. He drank a lot. So there wasn. Definitely That. Let's go drink. nd at Cellars. That Edgar There you go drink nd at Cellars with me. Where Edgar And And po drank. So I know it's real. So I know it's real. Well people will see Poe hanging out In this place often just nd at cemetery. Yeah the cemetery Okay often just standing over his own grave. He would, He really would. and he's always seemed like wearing a long black coat. He's wearing a black fedora like a big one.


And. He's always had a scarf covering part of his face almost like he's trying to hide. That's spooky. Which is really creepy. People believe He may be feeling some, you know, regret for how his life panned out because like sure he's pretty famous now. but like at What cost nd He really wasn't when He wasn alive. He really wasn't as much. Yeah. So his death wasn gnarly. and I'm sure He is even puzzled by It still. So yeah. So let's go on a little side tangent here and let's talk about pose mysterious death. Really quick, let's Here's a new escape from a hectic October.


Get transported to the tropics with liquid IVs. New hydration multiplier plus immune support, mango passion fruit. It is so delicious with five times the daily value of vitamin C. And three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. You can give your body the immune support it needs. It's like a little tropical hydration escape from the fall, hustle and bustle. I am obsessed with having liquid iv. Actually believe it or not, before my workout It makes me feel a little more like on top of it. During my workout and I know That I'm hydrated. nd when I'm sweating it's Okay because I'm still hydrated. Tear pour, live more. One stick and 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone.


Support everyday wellness with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Morbid at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code Morbid at liquid iv.com.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Halloween lets us have fun with What Scares us but What about those fears. That don't involve zombies and ghosts. I have an incredibly long list of moderately irrational fears. That, I bring to therapy all the time because therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears. nd at first place nd holding ourselves back. I know That. Sometimes my fear of socialization, my social anxiety could get nd at way of things And and then I would miss out on super fun events with my friends. So I bring That fear of social anxiety to therapy. nd I work it out with my therapist. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible nd suited to your schedule. and all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matcha with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapists anytime for No additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Morbid.


So I'm not gonna, I'll go And like a kind of generalized look at it because I really would like to go And this a little further later. Alina I. Think you should do an Episode on That. Yeah. I feel like that'd be good. There's many theories about his death. Yeah. That I think would be very interesting to go And 'cause they range from like, you know, being beaten to death to carbon monoxide poisoning. So I feel like there would be like evidence of the beating. Yeah. Versus if He died of carbon mono. It's pretty oxide poisoning. Interesting. I think you should do That for maybe like, maybe like Halloween. Ooh, there you go. That might be a fun one because it's very interesting I don't know if an Episode comes out on Halloween, but, but I'll give you, I'll give you a little generalized look at It.


Yeah. So September 27th, 1849, 40-year-old Poe left for Philadelphia on business He wasn set to help edit a collection of poems. It wasn gonna be kind of a big deal. It wasn for a well-known poet at the time. So this wasn like a big deal. That He wasn going to edit them, but He never arrived. Ro and he never showed up. And No one heard a damn word from him. He. wasn supposed to be going back to Richmond actually during That week for his own fucking wedding because He wasn engaged at the time to Sarah Elmira Royster Shelton because his other wife had passed away from consumption. Oh fuck. and it's like He vanished for a full week, just vanished. No one knew where He wasn didn't contact anyone.


and then He wasn found on October 3rd, a week later, 1849 on election day. and he wasn found a man named Joseph W. Walker wasn on his way to Gunner's Hall, which wasn a polling station and like a local public house and outside nd at Alley He came across a man dressed like shit. Smelling like shit, looking like shit and lying on the ground basically falling In nd out of consciousness and unable to move. Yikes. So He wasn like Wow. That's crazy. and then He looked at him and he wasn like, that's edpo fuck. So He wasn like, can I call some for someone for you sir? Like you Okay you good? nd by call I mean write a letter because it's 1849 nd po.


wasn like Yeah you can write a guy named Joseph Snodgrass Snodgrass who wasn apparently a friend, an editor In possession of a really cool name and Also He side hustled as kind of like a doctor ish medical person side hustled as a Yeah doctor ish medical kind of person. Yeah. Imagine bringing your, your new mans around your family and they're like, oh What do you do? and he iss like I'm a doctor medical kind of person. I side hustle as for my side hustle. Yeah, you know it wasn the 18 hundreds So That wasn pretty normal. It's giving doctor death. So He did. He wrote him, according to the smithsonian.com, He wrote It on October 3rd, 1849.


Dear Sir There is a gentleman rather the worst for wear at Ryan's fourth ward Polls who goes under the cogman of Edgar apoe nd who appears In great distress. nd He says he's acquainted with you. He's In need of immediate assistance. Yours In haste Joseph W. Walker. He's In need of immediate assistance. So. Let me post this, send it to you. Hope it gets to you soon enough. but He did write yours. In haste Posthaste. I'm Russian. Oh He wasn brought He eventually He showed up and he wasn brought to me, you know, get some medical attention. and he spent four days In and out of, you know, basically In and out of dying. Essentially. Yeah. He, wasn. In and out of consciousness.


and he died on October 7th during That time. He wasn hallucinating. He wasn going And fits bitch What. This Episode comes out on October 7th. Whoa. It happens again. It happens again. I didn't even Wow. That's weird because Mikey literally just told us That. Yeah. We wouldn't have known That. What the fuck. Damn, that's So. Why does That always happen? That's so weird. Damn. Got I meant for That to happen. Totally. I got full chills about That. Ugh. Well during this whole time, He wasn hallucinating He wasn going And fits. and he wasn screaming the name Reynolds over nd over Reynolds. To this day, No one's been able to determine who the fuck Reynolds is. and it's Also documented That He wasn discovered In dirty old clothing.


That wasn't his. That's weird. They were not his clothes. No one knows who these clothes belonged to. Why He looked like such shit. Why? He wasn hallucinating And. Why He wasn screaming the name Reynolds and then He just died. That's weird. I mean sometimes when you're like about to die you hallucinate. Yeah. and talk to people. That aren't There but He wasn. Like really going through It. Yeah I mean He. nd He. wasn So bad. That He couldn't recollect What had happened to him. Yeah. That's strange. So do you think there's like a possibility That He just like went on a bender? Well that's the thing. So He wasn Also supposed to be In a sober era. Yes. So this this wasn. Do you know He wasn trying nd you know, again, there's so many theories.


That go And this. Like, there's something called cooping back then where what's That? These people on election day would like kidnap someone, like beat them And, kidnap them and dress them In disguise and make them go vote for who they wanted them to. Yeah. and then release them again. and sometimes they would like keep them In a room nd like ply them with alcohol and shit and like make them do it. Oh that'd be really sad. That out happened. So There. There is a theory That like cooping wasn responsible for this And That. Maybe like that's What It wasn. Which would be wild and just really fucking sad. Yeah. It's like, it's fascinating and really tragic. nd sad. but like we will go And It at a later date.


I think for sure. but just know the man had a strange, troubled, you know, weird death. Yeah. Troubled life. Yeah. So seeing him like contemplating his choices over his own grave after he's died seems pretty fucking poey to me. I feel like That would make for the beginning of an awesome movie, right? Just PO standing over his own grave. Nd then you just like delve And his life. nd choices. Yeah. That'd be sick. Somebody made That yet. Well nd He Also shows up at the altar inside of like What wasn the church Westminster Hall now a lot like he'll just be walking around In there. That's cool. nd every year since then, this is just interesting to me. Every year since the 1940s, a mysterious figure visits pose grave on his birthday.


Oh, I knew this. Which I think is January 19th. I'm pretty sure can look It up really quick. nd He leaves three red roses. Yeah. nd a half empty bottle of cognac, which is supposed to be PO's favorite poison of choice. Whoa. and then He toasts to him and then just leaves every year. And. Apparently one year there. And He leaves these people leave notes sometimes. One year there wasn a note. That said, Edgar I haven't forgotten you. And according to America's Haunted Road trips, the original person who did this like started this whole thing died In 1998. There's proof of That. Oh shit. but they haven't revealed who It is. It's never been revealed. That's So cool. and then someone else took it up after them obsessed after That person died.


Someone else has taken it upon themselves to do That. That's the kind of lore That I want going on. nd at grave site. Right? Like be nice at my grave site. Yeah. and just be dark. nd leave me weird. Poison and roses. One thing I would think He he'd be pretty psyched about is after He died, one He became insanely famous. Yeah. but two He. All his shit is so synonymous with like gothic culture. And like, you know, spooky Ravens And shit like That. He's like the OG want That's OG goth king. Yeah, it's true. Like He wasn fucked up. Yeah. Which I think kind. Yeah. Like He wasn fucked up like emo. but obviously his like works are So gothic nd wild nd like, you know the deep, deep lore of Mr.


Poe. The deep, deep lore. but that's Ra Poe hanging around. That's fucking cool. There's Also something that's called the screaming skull of Cambridge there. Tell me all about That. Which wasn? What initially actually brought me to the cemetery. I would bring me to That Cemetery. I said a screaming skull What. and he said Hey. What's That about? and and I wasn. Like I bet. It's not an actual screaming skull No. It is fucking awesome. Yeah. 'cause I wasn like, oh you're gonna tease me with this and then it's gonna be something stupid. Nope. Nope. Screaming skull. Apparently a minister, a local minister wasn murdered nearby What and after He wasn buried his skull kept screaming relentlessly. All hours of night. And people said the shrieking would drive people mad because it would not stop So.


They dug him up, they get And. This wasn like nd at 18 hundreds they dug him up, they gagged the skull encased. It In concrete And then decapitated him. And placed the concrete screaming skull next to his grave. I sort of feel like there wasn a better way to go about That probably. but screaming I Guess of feel That way it kept screaming. Good. I would too I feel. Scream. water. water What. You. Exactly. You fucked up. I'm gonna get louder. I'm getting louder. and sometimes they can still hear screaming coming from there. Screaming skull. You know That gift where it's like I ain't getting No sleep 'cause of y'all. Y'all get No sleep because of me. That's all's, that's the skull's.


The, that's the minister It. That's the minister's skull gal. Just gal. That's It. So. Really? wasn. That. There's Also. A few more stories like Lucia Watson Taylor. She wasn a 16-year-old girl who passed away. That's a really pretty name. An 18 I know. Right. In. 1816. Her ghost can be seen. She has very long dark hair. Of course she's wearing a flowing dress. Obviously she can be seen on very dark And, foggy evenings. In In, full body apparition. nd she's always seen kneeling. nd praying over her own grave. Oh And her app. She's a, that's a real person. nd at cemetery. Yeah. Like you can find her grave.


and It says her epitaph says, blessed with peculiar sweetness of temper. A mind pure And exalted a heard pious And faithful. She died, beloved and lamented early, bright, transient, chased as morning dew. She sparkled, wasn exalt and went to heaven. That is so beautiful. nd I wasn like Wow people really loved her. She I. wasn gonna say What a loved like woman, young woman. Like Yeah that's a beautiful engraving. and Also would've been hella expensive, very expensive. but it's just like, damn. Like That. That's a beautiful epitaph. It is like beautiful That.


Really is. They Also just knew how to say shit way better back then. They did. They really did. but it wasn like she sounds like a a seriously cool chick. but then you Wondery. I'm like, why is she praying over her grave? I know. I. Hope. Like I hope she did make it to where she wanted to go. I know. I'm like I hope. Wherever it is you're, yeah, you're happy. You know, maybe you're just, I'm hoping it's like a residual thing. Yeah. It's not just actually, but there's another kind of creepier story of That is from the catacombs. 'cause there's catacombs here because the church wasn built right over the cemetery. That is, yeah. Too much on might side And. and he side And nd at catacombs there's a story of a woman named Leona Wellesley.


She wasn a woman from a local asylum who said to be so mad That they buried her In her straight jacket to keep her restrained In death. Unnecessary. Yeah. That's What. I say not demure. Not mindful. Yeah. Not mindful at all. Hate. Hate. and people say they can see nd feel her following them around and she will laugh. In your ear maniacally good. Which I wasn like I probably wouldn't know. I would do the same. Yeah. When Also the ground keeper from long ago named old valance obsessed He. wasn. The He wasn the grave digger. And the groundskeeper. He'll chase your ass out of there if you fuck around In there. Well fuck around. nd find out. That's What. They said He kept those rounds perfectly.


nd He will not tolerate shenanigans. Good. And, when He chases you out, he'll do So with a shovel. So. It's just a ghost coming out. An old val ghost running at you with a shovel. Go hit your head there shovel. Get out There. and apparently there are rumors of a lot of premature burials. That happened here. Sorry. Sorry Qual. Yeah. You heard it right. Premature because It wasn nd at time when a lot of That would happen often. Like they didn't have all the technology to know when someone wasn actually dead. Which is why they had all those, the bells and the other things where they could like, you know. Yeah. Grave alarms essentially. Holy fuck this happened a lot. So. They I mean. That's a perfect recipe for a ghost if you ask me.


Absolutely. It is And. The catacombs are especially haunted down There because of this. Yeah. 'cause they're some of the oldest graves there. wasn, Also, a lot of grave robbings down there. Especially nd at catacombs. Worst kind of individual. Yes. Truly. and worst kind. Full on body snatchings as well. Because this wasn nd at time there's a, there's a medical college nearby. Okay And. This wasn In. and it's an old medical college. It wasn nd at times when students or people hired by medical colleges would come snatch, cadavers to use nd at cadaver labs. Yep. So that's not great for the people who are buried. There, No, And, Also bodies were just moved. And different areas or gravestones were moved and just left like bodies In different places because of like code violations and shit when they were like redoing this whole place.


Oh, Wow. So they have actually, like there's rumors, That, they found bodies like under walkways, And shit. Oh man. Yeah. That's with like No graves. That's really sad. Yeah. So. It's gnarly. You know, In these streets sometimes It It do be, but when the church And, this is just What, I'll leave you on for this one. When the church ceased being an actual church around 1977, nd at 19, late 1970s, early eighties, local school children would use the graveyard as a playground because eighties you probably shouldn't do That. There were reports of people witnessing kids throwing around human skulls. nd shit I don't have a lot to say about That. Yeah. nd at the same time so much to say about That.


Yep. That's a, that's a fucked up kid. That's, that's a lot. If if I wasn a child and somebody threw a skull at me, I'd leave. I'd leave, I'd leave. I'd leave. I'd leave. Wherever. I wasn wasn an adult I would say, mom can you pick me up? I'm scared. Yeah. That would, That would not be something. I would engage In. No when I wasn little and I would hope my children would have something to say about That as well. Yeah. They're better than That. If I threw a human skull at one of my kids, they would not just catch it and go about their day. So like, they'd be like, why'd you do That? If you threw a human What school at one of your kids, we'd have to have a serious talk with you. It's true. I'd say John. John, it's gone too far. I'm on my way. It's gone too far John. I'm on my way. We gotta talk to this crazy. and if another kid threw a human skull at one of my kids, they'd be like, this doesn't feel right.


Yeah. don, you know I feel I. Am Amm confident. nd at And Also it'd be on site. It's true. Just kidding. It's true. but yeah. So, that's Westminster Hall and Burial ground. In Baltimore, Maryland. Wow. Yeah. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities. nd new ways of thinking. Find the genres you'd love. nd discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers new releases plus thousands of included audio books nd originals.


That members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired. And entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I have been listening to this really great title on Audible. It's called The Butcher Game. don don't know if you've heard of It. If you haven't, you must live under a rock. I'm obsessed with the narrator's voices. Joe nd Sophie are such great theatrical performers. And, listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. Like the butcher game, new members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500.


That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500. To try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid. Echo dot Kids is a cute smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. It's Also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good nd very healthy morning And bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get And a really good And healthy routine because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music. A morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is so grown up when they come down and tell me What, it's gonna be That day.


but using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility. And, independence, It Also gives my kids a way to express themselves because Echo do. Kids comes In, cute playful designs and kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexa sounds with pretend Owl or dragon voices along with character inspired songs. Jokes, And. Greetings echo. Kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties singing And dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at Amazon dot com slash echo Kids.


Alright, well my cemetery is Bachelor's Grove Cemetery. Ooh nd. According to many honey, many, many music, many Bachelor's Grove Cemetery, which is In Illinois is one of the most haunted locations. nd at world. Oh, we love to see it. In this world. In our world. Yeah. Our universe. If we love, we love to see a globally recognized haunt. We sure fucking do. Now this cemetery happens to be the oldest one. In, all of Cook County. The first burial on record there took place In 1834. Damn. Yeah. Long time ago.


Altogether there's about 80 graves on site. but that's to get the shit out of me. That's a crazy bark. Either Sydnee or Blanche wasn. Like that's wrong. She wasn like I rah. She said there's about 78 Okay. She said, don't you dare Roundup, don't you round up don. True I don know why I made your dog Southern. They became Southern Hey That. Well one of them is Blanche. You know Debra? She the blanch de. Oh she is Southern Bale I know. You know. but the thing is, a lot of these graves have been dug up, vandalized. Like this place is desecrated. That's And. People treat It like shit. People get It together. So guess What if you're, you're desecrating graves. Yeah. If you're gonna go visit this place, It.


I found differing opinions on whether or not it's open to the public. Like some people think it's close and people are like No. You can go In at daytime. No. It's silly fun. I. Don't know. So like And and you're at your own risk. but only if you're there to be nice. Yeah. nd respectful. Yeah. If you're there to steal headstones, I don't know you don and I don't like you. I don know. And you know What, you're not listening to our podcast because our listeners are respectful. Exactly. Okay So. Turn this off. If you're not, turn it off. but anyway, the cemetery most likely gets its name from the Batchelder family who settled There around 1820 So. So it's not the Bachelor reality show. No. Okay. Well It now. It is now It is because over time the spelling of the name probably changed depending on the source.


Ah. and eventually when the family No longer owns the property, there wasn a group of single men who moved to the area. nd That's funny. And. That's it. wasn like four or five single men. They were like, oh my god. Bachelor's Grove. That's why they started calling it That. Now eventually ownership transferred over to the Fulton family around the early 19 hundreds. It seems one of the youngest Fulton's buried nd at Cemetery is Emma Fulton, who's only one years old when she passed away. Oh. and she'll come back later. So I, remember That. Oh, Emma. Forever. but according to Ghost City tours, everything wasn going pretty well for quite some time while the CE cemetery wasn under the Fulton family. but around 1950, the mid I think it's the Midlothian turnpike. It wasn rerouted And.


The BA and Bachelor's Grove became an even more rural area than It. Once wasn Okay So, the turnpike used to like, like it wasn a GoFrequent. Very frequently traveled road. but when they relocated it, the old turnpike didn't really have a use anymore. Mm. So. It's like really rural now. Creepy. Yeah. Now since it wasn out of the way of all the hustle and bustle for the city of the city, it wasn the perfect place for the sixties teens to get their lovers lane vibes on. Oh hell yeah. It wasn of course. and of course for party animals they could have their woods parties. They could get drunk and go crazy nd at cemetery they could get lit. Exactly. but unfortunately That came along with a lot of vandalism, including grave digging.


Again. I say get It together. Get it together. Get it together. I. wasn. Not out here. Grave digging. No. Well, I and I wasn. Teen wasn. Never ever grave dug. And I. Never ever will No And. You were a pretty reckless teen And. You weren't grave digging. This is true. I partied. nd at woods. but we just, yeah, partied. nd at woods like I didn't fuck anything up. If you came across a grave, you left it be, if I came across a grave, I'd probably leave to be honest. I'd be like, well we shouldn't be here. Shit. This, this is hallowed ground. This is disrespectful. but this is not the only time. This thing is this. The next thing That I'm gonna talk about has happened. But it 1973 the Chicago Tribune reported That seventeens were quote unquote seized while they were nd at middle of trying to dig up a grave.


What the fuck. wasn the purpose. Like that's Wiley to me. Well they do. Tell us the purpose. Oh the police said the youths arrived Wednesday night, got out And prepared to resume digging. When the policemen announced themselves, the youths told the police they were doing it as a lark. Which wasn like a joke. wasn a lark. Just like a fun little joke. They were doing it for lulls. Yeah. Just doing it for the plot. You know, like that's super duper funny. It's all for the plot kicking Mr. Police officer. The boys officer larking it up. Yeah. Just digging up dead bodies. You fucking kidding me bro. Who are you? Yeah, that's the thing. They got In trouble. I. Think most of them like had to be bailed out and like do some community service shit. Why are you bailing em out? Probably the parents let 'em sit. In there.


I would've. If I wasn my kid, I'd be like, you just dug up a grave. Why don't you think about your fucking life? You just desecrated a grave. You think about your fucking life. nd I'll think about my choices. nd their parents. Okay contemplate your shit. Yeah, we'll do this separate. but police presidents definitely became more regular once they realized how bad the vandalism wasn becoming. 'cause it got really bad to the point where people were just like knocking over headstones, stealing head. So stones, that's become such a frequent thing. That. There are So. Many graves. That are just unmarked. I. Hope. That. They are So fucking haunted. Yeah. Like those people like I hope they're being driven mad. Yeah. I. Hope so too. I truly do. Yeah, that's the thing. You steal a gravestone out of a graveyard or you knock one over intentionally like or like vandalize.


One In. anyway, I hope you have the the haunting you deserve. I agree. Becauses. What I. don hope What. Are you getting out of That? Yeah. That. That's So. Fucking go to a rage room. Yeah. I just don't get it. Take a walk. Fuck are you doing? Yeah, sit down. Monkey s are so peaceful. Just take a walk. Yeah. I throw, put some fucking headphones on nd transport to another time and place. What. Do you do? and knocking shit over. Exactly. I don't get it. No. but because the vandalism wasn ramping up police presence definitely became a more frequent site. Yeah. but even as recently as 2009, there's been vandalism discovered with people literally spray painting the tombstones man. Like get a life. Yeah. Truly. but some people Also say the cemetery became a very popular place with satanic warper and even the mob.


Whoa. Mob the mob makes an appearance. Yeah. Obviously before a police presence got a little heavier there. Yeah, but there's a swamp behind the cemetery. nd It said That after they took people out there, you know, to kill the mob style, they just throw their bodies. And the swamp. Yeah. I mean What else. Are you gonna do you know? Damn, that's crazy. That's some mob shit, right? There. That is some mob shit. And. Then as far as the Satanic waring goes, police say That, they found chicken heads littering the ground and trigger warning dead dogs on the property. That's fucked up. Which you know, lends itself to Satanic worshiping rumors lends itself to asshole behavior. I agree is What It. Does I agree? Yeah. One of the paranormal researchers, That, they had on the Ghost Adventures Episode because oh the Ghost Adventures.


There wasn a ghost Adventures Episode. John Stevenson, He wasn, one of the paranormal researchers nd He said He remembers being at the cemetery when He wasn younger. nd He said He actually saw What. He assumed wasn, some kind of satanic ritual going on because people were dressed In. These black robes like standing around a fire and chanting things at the same time. Damn. That's pretty scary. It's pretty. Satanic could be. and chanting. Robes. Robes, you know, togetherness together. Community vibes. Spooky vibes. I'm like That could have just been witches like to In. Cool. Yeah. That could've just been some witches. Vibing. I Agree to be honest. Well one of the most famous ghost sightings. And. My particular favorite ghost sighting And Bachelor's Grove is the woman In White or the Madonna as she's called.


I've seen this one. This picture. Oh my God. In a few books. I want it. And I wasn. Always fascinated by this picture. It's so beautiful. Yeah. I, remember 'cause I wasn one of those kids who would look at haunting books like all the time. Yeah. Like obsessively, obsessively. We know That about you obsessively And pictures like there's like the brown ghost or something like That, which is like, and it's like a, a photo of this like specter coming down the the stair. Oh coming on on the staircase. Right. and it's like a, it's like, it's like the brown lady or something like That and I think she's supposed to be wearing like a brown outfit or something. but it looks like a fucking terrifying ghost I know the one you're talking about. I wasn. So obsessed with That picture. but it fucked me up.


I Also think. Well if it fucked you up and it still is I think they debunked That one. Did they I think they debunked That one. but yeah it wasn like somebody like put something on the like lens of the camera or something. No and like fucked with the negatives. I'm gonna look this up because I've been holding onto That for decades. Oh No. I'm sorry to have crushed your life. No, but but you know What, this picture you're about to talk about is another one. Yeah. That I. Remember just obsessively staring at this photo And just being like, is this fucking real? Because I just couldn't comprehend It. They haven't debunked it. Whoa. They haven't debunked It. Nobody's been able to, we'll post the picture because she wasn captured the, the Madonna of Bachelor's Grove wasn captured In A now famous photograph.


It's the one we're talking about. It is stunningly hauntingly breathtakingly beautiful. I will never be over. It. I I. Honestly. Wanna get a print for this room? nd hang it It out. Honestly. I agree. It's a gorgeous photo. It's so, it's like melancholy but whimsical but beautiful. nd spooky. It's very, very beautiful. Yeah. nd at photo she's got this long brown hair And. She's wearing a white flowing dress. And. She's sitting on top of a checkered tomb kind looking off And the distance and parts of her like translucent. Yeah, it's gorgeous. It's, and they haven't been able to debunk That one. This one. Yeah. Yeah. No. That one. They I I wasn looking it up. I don't. I haven't found any evidence over at least No not this one.


Yeah. but other people claim That. They've seen this woman wandering around the cemetery and they say she seems to be looking for so or something or someone. Sometimes she's seen leaving flowers on other graves and early sighting. She wasn seen holding a baby. but it more recent sighting she doesn't have the baby anymore. Huh. Which is interesting. Now there's a grave nd at cemetery. nd it's headstone just says infant daughter So. Some people think these two things are connected like the Madonna and the infant daughter Okay something super creepy but sweet is That. People will now leave baby toys at That. Infant daughter grave site. Oh my God. Yeah. Now that's so scary. Now it seems That the first reports of the Madonna of Bachelor's Grove came from a radio, radio show nd at seventies where someone called In with a sighting.


but there are two main theories as to who the woman could be. and they both actually come from the same family. So there's Catherine I, think it's Vo Fulton nd then Luella Fulton Rogers. and they were sisters-in-law back nd at 1930s. Okay according to grunge.com, the infant daughter marker marker could be the grave of Marsha May who wasn Catherine's daughter. Apparently there wasn like some turmoil nd at family around the time That Marsha passed away. 'cause Okay obviously she passed away when she wasn a baby. Yeah. and for whatever reason Catherine's parents wouldn't allow their grandchild a Fulton to be buried on vote land. Hmm. So when Catherine passed away, she wasn't buried nd at Fulton plot but somewhere far away.


and some believe That her spirit roams all the way back to Bachelor's Grove where Marsha ended up being buried to like check In on her daughter. Oh, Okay I love That. Yeah. Yeah. Now others believe That the woman, In White isn't actually Catherine, but her sister-in-law. Luella. Unfortunately Luella died right near Bachelor's Grove. On the week of her 60th birthday she died In a hit nd run accident. Nd she happens to be buried In Bachelor's Grove Cemetery next to her sister Emma Fulton. Ah. Now Emma's headstone wasn stolen from the cemetery by some ass hat And because this happened So frequently the stone wasn't handed back like wasn't put back.


nd at cemetery. Instead it wasn handed over to Tinley Park Historical society for safekeeping. Yeah. 'cause they don't want people just to like go back and steal it all over again. Yeah. but those who believe That the woman In White is Luella. Point to a photograph. That bears a striking resemblance will post It And. They say That. She's most likely wandering around looking for her sister's headstone. Oh my goodness. Yeah. That like breaks my heard I know. I'm not sure which one I believe. Yeah. Like I feel. I feel like either could fit. It makes sense. Both of them. Yeah. nd either way it's really fucking sad. Yeah. 'cause she seems just lost and like very unsettled and they care for the baby like a lot. Yeah. nd it's interesting, That, whoever the woman nd white wasn wasn carrying a baby for some time, but now isn't.


Huh? That is really interesting. Yeah. Now another paranormal happening that's been reported on for decades at this point with many people saying the same thing is the disappearing farmhouse. Halloween is just around the corner, but Hulu we is here. Hulu is the streaming home to fresh fall releases that'll creep under your skin. Like immaculate starring Sydnee Sweeney FXs American Horror Stories, the new thriller film. Hold Your Breath starring Sarah Paulson and FXs chilling horror thriller. Grotesquery So snuggle And your couch with a pumpkin spice latte.


nd watch all your scary favorites. Turn your Halloween And, Halloween And stream till you scream on Hulu. It's Also called. Tell me the Magic House and the Phantom House. All right, spill That shit because I'm nd at Chicago Tribune Road. The site Also has a disappearing house at night. People see an old one story farmhouse. It's been spotted on both sides of the dirt road. As you enter the cemetery, people who don't know each other all draw sketches of the same house. Even down to the lamp burning faintly inside, they're flabbergasted to know there's No house. There. What. So people all say like, people really agree on like most of the details.


They all say That. The house is a white Victorian era house with a porch, a swing nd a white picket fence. What the fuck. The only thing That really varies about this story That people will give is where they see the house And. Whether it looks solid or translucent, some people say it looks like a legit house. That is just There. and then other people say it's like almost translucent. nd then every In, every story, the house either shrinks the closer you get to it, shut up. Or It just completely disappears. Oh my god, I wanna see this? There's Also No evidence. That a house ever existed on the property.


No, No, So like No. Hello, hello, hello. That's bonkers. That one is crazy. A spectral spectral house. and the thing, the other thing is That like people will go and they'll experience That. Like they'll see the house, it'll disappear, it'll shrink. nd then they'll go back with somebody else. And be like, I have to show you this. and like they hope It happens again. Most people have never seen it twice. Oh, I love it. Isn't That interesting? I wanna see It So bad once In a lifetime. Shit. Now another paranormal sighting is the blue light phenomenon. And this is the most reported one from Bachelor's Grove Cemetery. Oh, Okay. According to research done by Peter I. Think it's Crea. He's the founder of Bachelor's Grove Cemetery and Settlement Research Center.


And. He's done a ton of writing about the different haunts here. So, definitely check them out. but He said the first report of this seems to come from Jack Herman Ski back In 1970. Jack wasn out nd at cemetery. nd He said He saw this blue light. and he said as He watched it, the light quote grew as large as a basketball blinked In 10 to 22nd intervals and rapidly changed positions. Woohoo. So the sightings differ. In opinions about when it's cited Also differ. Some people say they see it during the day, but other people say it only comes out on clear. Very moonlit nights. Ooh, I love That. Some people have been chased by this light. They claim Stop.


Some people Also say they felt compelled to follow it. nd have started to follow it. nd have made It pretty far. nd then they'll be startled when It appears right behind them. Ooh. Like it'll be like leading the way. And. Then you'll like, you'll lose track of it. nd you'll turn around nd it'll be right behind you and you're like, What. Do you want what's up? What's up? Like What. Are you trying to tell me What, do you need what's going on? That's creepy. One account Also says That, they were pushed to the ground by the light, but it don't personally think the light would be That. Rude. Yeah. I agree. I like the light I don't want the light to be That. Rude I don't think it is. Yeah. Now on Ghost Adventures, they actually did see a blinking light off nd at distance.


It's fucking clear as day. Damn I couldn't tell if It wasn blue 'cause of the night vision camera. Yeah, but they captured it. And It like moves and everything. It wasn wasn spooky wasn wasn. Spooky book. Yeah. That is spooky. Now one of the more rare reported sightings is the yellow man. Yellow man. Peter Creepier wrote That the first written record talking about the yellow man sighting wasn In. October of 1984, the Chicago Sun Times reported. That researcher, Norman Basil I. Think It is saw the apparition. And took a photo using a a thousand speed film. Norman Basil told them a month. nd a half ago I saw an apparition standing by a tree. It wasn, a yellow figure. A man with a hat probably In his forties now.


So that's like What got reported. but apparently That night Norman nd a group of paranormal researchers including Dale Kamar I think is how you say it. He's the president of the Ghost Research Society and he Also I. Don't know if it's him who's responsible or it's somebody nd at society. That took That famous picture of the white woman. Oh Okay the woman In White. Oh shit. but He, wasn, Also camping with Norman and they were all, you know, doing research, but it wasn one of the other researchers supposedly who saw the yellow man And. There actually wasn't a photo taken. And. They were all so shaken because after the apparition disappeared, they saw quote red streaking lights. And watched In disbelief as a single tree began to shake frantically.


What isn't That fucking terrifying? That is terrifying. After they saw That, they packed up And got the fuck out of there. Fuck That. I agree. but another woman saw the yellow man apparition while she wasn investigating the area. She wasn actually getting bored because she wasn't experiencing anything. Like she went here with these hopes of, you know, seeing the house catching the lady In, white And. Nothing wasn happening. Yeah. nd she wasn thinking like, I'm gonna pack up. nd head outta here soon like nothing has happened. And. That's when she saw the apparition. Oh shit. Yeah. So the apparition wasn like, all right, you literal leave. You're gonna leave I mean right here. don show you something. Now the crazy thing about this experience is That. She wasn There with two other people.


And. She's the only one who saw it. That's weird. but she literally saw it and just started running. She left. She wasn. So scared. She wasn like, fuck this. Nope. Another woman who wasn investigating the cemetery, Nina. Jen Janowski wasn, distracted and standing by one of the graves nd at lot when she saw something outta the corner of her eye. Nd at the time she started to feel really dizzy and lightheaded. She said, but obviously she didn't wanna miss the opportunity to photograph whatever this wasn So. She whipped around to take the photo and she realized That her camera wasn on a completely different setting than the one she'd put It on. Ooh, she said. Once I started feeling dizzy, It wasn almost as though I wasn surrounded, somehow surrounded and being guided to take this photo.


When I grabbed my digital camera, I noticed That It wasn turning on And off by itself and it wasn on a different setting than the one I had chosen earlier. That's weird. Yeah. Now other Hs include people seeing phantom old timey cars love like still That driving on the road. Other versions of the blue light. There's Also people That see like red lights too. Okay. Some people have seen a phantom black dog either sitting at the entrance or running along the paths of the woods. I love a black dog. I do too. and guess What. One of our listeners has been to this cemetery. Of course nd wrote us a captivating tale about multiple experiences. That, they've had course So. This is lady's tale.


Hell yeah. Lady says Hey. Y'all lady here I love you and your podcast so much. And, I, bing. Nearly everything In about three weeks. I haven't t heard Bachelor's Grove brought up before until now Lady. Until now. nd just wanted to share a few of my experiences from back nd at day when I wasn't as much of a little bitch about spooky things. All of these stories took place nd at at years two of 2005 to 2007 while I wasn a teenager. So they're probably less dramatic than What really happened. but they're things I will Also never forget. I. Also. Apologize. That. My broke ass is writing this on my phone. Since I don't have a working computer, all names have been changed. So, they wrote, bachelor's Grove is a haunted cemetery, In, Illinois. It's pretty infamous for many reasons, including producing one of the clearest pictures ever produced of a spirit.


There are many fascinating tales about this place. And I have a few of my very own, which are probably, which probably aren't going to be exactly What. You're expecting I have three scary ass experiences nd an ending palette cleanser. That's relatively funny. To set this up, In order to get to the cemetery, you have to park at a forest preserve across the street nd walk a trail that's about a half a mile long. The entrance to this trail has a train, has a chain across with a sign saying No trespassing. So I'm assuming it's closed. I wasn. Just gonna say maybe That gives us a little yeah tip, which naturally No one gave a shit about. But the Forest preserve parking lot would close at sundown. So there wasn Also a long back trail where you would need to park In a neighborhood and walk a few blocks to the forest edge where That trail began.


And. Eventually it meets up with the main trail leading And, the cemetery. Everything about this place is straight up creepy because of all the stories surrounding the cemetery and naturally brought out flocks of teenagers. That liked to go There at night nd it wasn Also a place to party. Thankfully we never partied out There And. A few times we went during the day, And would clean up garbage left over from other people. Oh, that's nice. It is from the first time I went there. I had a respect for the area. The graves were over a hundred years old. And. This wasn a sacred place. That others abused, which I do regret taking entertainment from It. However, I'm glad I had these experiences because they've stuck with me all these years. Hmm. So to get to the juice, my first experience came at about 9:00 PM on a summer night when I wasn 16, my best friend Maggie nd I decided to go to the back trail.


Since all our plants fell through, we walked a few blocks and came to the street. That leads to the back trail. We were joking around being kind of loud. And annoying. We get about a block away nd my friend grabs my arm. nd just stops me. Maggie says, What the fuck. And points toward the entrance of the trail. There's a massive buck standing nd at entrance. Now dear A very common In, In In, an In, Illinois. So this isn't unheard of. However, this deer did not move. And It wouldn't take our its eyes off our faces. We stared at it for a minute. nd I said, fuck No. Let's go. Maggie said to wait a minute since it'll just move. I decided. I did not want to be gored by a deer. That night. So refused. And said, Nope, I have the keys. Let's bounce. I like That a forethought.


Yeah, that's smart. Yeah. As we went back, And forth, the car drove past this deer and It didn't move. It kept staring at us. And. That image still haunts me. We started walking quickly to the car. And turned back a few times and the deer never moved. What the fuck. After walking a few blocks, we lost sight of the entrance. Thankfully. but once we turned back there wasn a dog sitting nd at middle of the street just looking at us. If it wasn the deer, I would've literally combusted. nd at middle of the street. You're not supposed to run from a potential predator, but we just booked at the remaining few blocks to my car. What the fuck. Isn't That weird? That's creepy. It's like I. Feel like there's like spirits like nd at animals. Yeah. Looking out for this place. Love That. Now second, now I love Spooky.


At this time my mom, nd stepdad had an amazing dog named George r I P. and he wasn a huge Rottweiler and German Shepherd Mix. He. wasn the best dog I've ever met. He wasn. Extremely friendly nd well-trained. The only time He would ever get aggressive is if you were playing That Way or if He came across other dogs. and even then, It wasn out of excitement. I never saw him act aggressively towards other people. For No reason. One day another friend Amanda nd I decided to go to Bachelor's Grove and take Rocky with us. I. Think the dog's name wasn Rocky, but it got messed up at the first part. Oh, Okay. Since it wasn during the day we parked across the street, nd went to the cemetery, walked around a bit and left. After about an hour of just hanging out during this time, we passed multiple people nd a few of them even came up to Rocky.


nd petted him. And did small talk. In. Hindsight, it's kind of weird of people to do hiking banter when trespassing. In a cemetery. but anyway, you know Rocky wasn. So happy since He loves the attention. nd at Forest, walking the short trail back to the car, a large man wearing a black leather trench coat, wasn walking the other direction toward the forest. Not really weird And. We initially were not scared because there were people nd at Cemetery So we weren't necessarily alone. When we were about 30, we feet away. Rocky just stops. I immediately got freaked out because He usually tries to approach people. And. I usually have to hold him back. but Rocky then stood In front of me and started growling toward this guy. Ooh, I had to kneel down. And wrap my arms around his chest to keep him from attacking That guy. The dude didn't even look at us.


He walked straight past us, nd nearly ran And the dog since He didn't even move over. He never looked back. nd after He turned toward the entrance of the cemetery, Rocky calmed down enough for me to keep him walking to the car. So That wasn. Weird So. That wasn. Weird final, spooky And. The last time I have ever been to the cemetery, Amanda nd I had a sleepover. and being the degenerate teenagers we were. We stayed up all night and thought it would be really cool to go to the Bachelor's Grove at dawn, since we'd never done That before, don. So it's summer still And. We get There at about 5:30 AM nd the sun is rising. It wasn a little foggy near the ground, but clear outside. Luckily the forest ed parking lot wasn unlocked so we could take the short trail. We get to the entrance of the trail. And. For some reason, I just immediately felt dread.


I don't know how to explain It. It wasn't like a fight or flight. Flight or fight thing. It. wasn just an intense sadness, but it just ignored it. and we start walking. We never talked this whole way, which I didn't realize until after the fact. Every step That, I took felt heavy. My whole body felt like it wasn fighting to push through the space In front of me just to take a step. All the while the dread is growing. I even feel kind of lightheaded. About halfway down the trail, I stopped. Amanda Also stopped. And looked at me. nd we just turned around and started walking back to the car. Now my fight or flight kicked In. We went back to the car. nd shared That. We both felt similarly. It wasn terrifying. I've never felt That intense feeling of dread ever again. and I really hope I never do.


I literally never went back after That day. nd I never will. Holy shit. Which That had to be like such an intense feeling. That be something. Yeah. Now for a relatively funny story, a few weeks before my final visit, a huge group of us rowdy teenagers decided to go to the cemetery to hang out because why not violate a peaceful place when you're bored? And have nowhere to go see. Just What. We were talking about as long as you're not tipping headstones. Yeah, so It wasn. Completely dark out. nd we needed to take the back way. The walk wasn fine, but we were super loud. We get to the cemetery And, we break off And groups. nd walk around. After about 10 minutes, another group shows up running In, terrifying and said the thing all teenagers dread. The fucking cops are running the cops. Everyone books it.


In different directions. Keep In mind. This is not a maintained forest ar forested area. So outside the short main trail to the cemetery, it's a fucking forest. So me. nd like three others. Trudge And, this haunted hell Forest. Trying to find a path to the street so we can just walk back to the car. After about an hour of using our Nokia phones for light, we finally get to the street. So. I'm a five three petite white ass girl. and let me tell you, What people saw walking out of this haunted hell Forest I wasn wearing black shorts nd a dirty white tank. Top And, I, wasn torn all up from the thorns nd branches. I had small cuts all over my body, including my face. That were just dripping blood at this point. Okay, anyone driving past at That moment saw a child walk outta this haunted forest covered In blood all over my body.


And No one stopped. anyway, you guys are great. And I. Hope you come to Dallas or Chicago one day. Stay weird. Thanks lady. Holy shit. Interesting cemetery. That Cemetery. Sounds gnarly. I. Want to go to There? I? Want to go to There? I? Want to go to There and I? Want to see the Madonna and I? Want to see? See Disappearing house? Yes. I. Think we should go. Chicago's not even That far. Let's go I, have family. In Chicago. Hi Tom And. Greg, you. There you go. Hi Tom and Greg. We love you. We do. They love you So much I. Love them love. There's So much love here. So well I. Think we need to go. I. Think we're gonna go. We need to see these freaking cemeteries.


Let's go see some cemeteries. Let's, because I don I wanna see the Westminster burying grounds. Yes, but that's just In Maryland. That's not even That Far. Road Trip Cemetery Bitch Cemetery Road. Cemetery Road trip. Let's do it. Oh my God. Someday. Someday Wow. Someday it's just gonna be bpp it around to cemeteries. Well, until then, we hope you keep listening. nd we hope you keep It weird, but not So weird. That, you don't go visit these cemeteries respectfully because they just sound So. Cool, don't they? Respectfully. R-E-S-P-E-C-T. Fully find out What. It means to cemeteries. Oh my God. That wasn. Great. Oh my. Oh. Oh my God.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. In a quiet suburb. A community is shattered by the death of beloved wife And mother. but this tragic loss of life quickly turns And something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her. nd she wasn't the only target. Because buried nd at depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, nd specific instructions for people's murders.


This podcast is the true story of how It ended up In a race against time to warn those who lives were In danger. and It turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List nd more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early nd ad free. Right now by joining Wander Plus, check out exhibit C nd at Wondery app for all your true crime listening.