
Hey, weirdos. Before we dive into today's S Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us If you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast From the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the King of Trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program transfixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


You know that feeling when you're at the grocery store and you know you're prioritizing your health. You're reading the nutrition labels, but you're going down the grocery store aisles trying to understand what the heck they're telling you, and they're just beyond confusing. Well, that is why I love Thrive Market. Thrive Market is my go-to online grocery store for getting all my healthy essentials delivered. And I don't even have to leave my couch. I don't know about you, but I want to be able to pronounce the ingredients on my grocery labels. I am currently obsessed with the Goodall Mac and cheese. The Goodall noodles are so good. They're super high protein, And I made like a Healthy Girl hamburger helper the other night with those Goodall noodles, And I will not shut up about it. They also have so many onsite filters that make it simple to shop, buy your needs, whether it's gluten-free snacks, high protein meals, or non-toxic cleaning products. I personally filtered for high protein options, you know, like goods, but I also stocked up on Primal Kitchen sausages. Oh, those STE chips. I fricking love those. They're such a time saver. Ready to make the switch. EA should be Go to Thrive market.com/morbid for 30% off your first order, plus a free $60 gift. That's T-H-R-I-V-E market.com/morbid thrive market.com/morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. And I'm Ash. And this is M-O-R-B-I-D-M To the O to the RM. Wait, Hold on. And we need to keep that To the RBIG morbid. We need to clip that shit right out.


Hold that up to the, to the O to the RI Like, whoa. We had Another, they said, morbid. Morbid. It's morbid. I was thinking D to the E to the L-I-C-I-O-U-S. And I was, that's my obviously inspiration. So I was like M to the O to the R, to the B, to the A to the D. Oh my God. Spelling Morbid. Sometimes you're just a crazy bitch. Sometimes You are. Sometimes you're just an literate bitch. And this is one of those times, You know, I just, I don't really know what happened.


Okay. You know, it, it kind of fits with this wild tale that I'm about to tell Tells it Just the, the kookiness of it all. The misspelling of it all The misspelling of it all. You know. So this is take the fuck A sunglasses headband all day to you guys every, just like, do that. You put your sunglasses on and then you go inside and you put them on your head and you never take them off.


Yeah. I just remember, And I had mine on my head, so I just put them Off. She just slowly put Them off. I was ready for you to tell me a cool case. A cool case. She said, take those the fuck off. Those The fuck off. The fuck off. That was so Funny. That Was very, Yeah, it was very US coded. It really was. I don't know why we're like super goof today. Oh, It's just, it's the end of the week, you know? Yeah. It's the end of so many things in ginning. We finally got the beginning of other things. We finally got some good news. Yeah, we Got good news. So maybe we're just feeling a little silly goofy. Good News. Good news, good news. That's all they want to hear.


Yeah. Shout out to Mac and we're gonna talk about Elmer McCurdy, The Outlaw Mummy. Okay. Who doesn't wanna talk about an outlaw Mummy? Yeah. Sign me the Fuck up. You know, let's go girls. This is a crazy one. It's a wild one. He was like a really bad criminal. Oh. And I mean bad in the way that like, he wasn't good at being a criminal. Oh, okay. Not Like he wanted to be, but he was not. That's kind of fun. So that gets silly. He was Bad at being a criminal. He was very bad at being bad. So on the morning of December, this, and here's the thing, we're gonna start in the end of the story and go back. Oh, that's fun.


'cause the end fun is really the like, wait, what? Excuse me. Yeah. I love starting at the end sometimes. Don't we all? We didn't know in. Not in a while. We haven't. So on the morning of December 8th, 1976, the crew, it's my half birthday. There you go. Even the year. Yes. You know, the crew of the $6 million Man, which was a popular science fiction series starring Leap majors begin setting up for a day's shoot at the Pike, which was, and Blanche just charmed in. She was like, love that place. She said, great flick. It was a family amusement area along the boardwalk in Long Beach, California. The segment was gonna be called the Carnival of Spies, and it was supposed to take place inside one of the park's Funhouse Fright attractions, which was called Laugh In the Dark.


Well In The Dark. Which also reminds me of the, are you Afraid of the Dark episode? Which also that episode fucked me up with the Scary clown with the cigar. Yes. Yep. Fuck that. Oh, so scary. So the Ride was basically like one of those little like tunnel of love kind of rides at amusement parks, but where like two people would ride through. It was dark in there, Surey, small, small car. But this had an emphasis on the scares instead of the romance. Mm. Or maybe both. If you're that type of person, I love being scared. Yeah. So that's pretty romantic to me. There you go. You know? Oh, I love that. Yeah. So all morning Prop master, Chris Haynes had been loading props from for the scenes through the back entrance of the ride.


And at one point he came across a mannequin and it was hanging from a fake gallows, you know, just one of the scenes. He'd already heard about the mannequin from several other members of the crew, because they had spotted it earlier in the week and commented that it was like kind of bizarre. It had a weird glow in the dark paint job. And they were like, it was really light, like weird. It just felt strange when you like moved it outta the way. Okay. Some guests that it was made of balsa wood, others were thinking it was just paper mache. But Chris was like, I don't know about that. Like, I don't think it's either one of those things. And he's like, this looks like really real, which like, ugh.


And he's like, I don't know if this is just like a really well done mannequin or what. Imagine having that feeling. Yeah. So he was, that's terrifying. He was curious. So he approached the mannequin and he grabbed one of the arms and he pulled it off accidentally, which like if it's a mannequin that can happen. Yeah. Then, okay. So at first he's like, okay, I'm, I gotta try to put this arm back on. So he just like went to put it back on, but then he was like, wait a second. And he looked inside and typical problems will have like clean cuts, like a solid cross section. This though was like dark and textured. He said it, it was quote almost shredded like beef jerky. No. And in the center there was something that looked like bone.


No, I have a beef jerky stick today. I hate that you just said that to me. Yeah. Fuck that. He, so Chris Hayes brought the arm over to one of the other crew members and asked what he thought it looked like. He was like, I'm not gonna tell you what I think it looks like, but he said the other, I'm looking for lunch. Yeah. He was like, that looks like a human arm. And he's like, definitely one that has seen better days, but it looks like a human arm. So the two guys approached what they had thought was a mannequin before, and they leaned in for a closer look. And this mannequin was unclothed and it, but it had been hot, hung, like really high up the wall. So it was really hard to see any details from down below, especially in the dark.


Yeah. But when they got a closer look, they saw that it had male genitalia. Oh. Because it's naked Nike. And it was just dick flying, Dick flying. And it was far more detailed than any replica they had ever seen. Oh, honey. Yeah. They in fact, author Marks BOLs, which we're gonna, we'll put him in The IESs show notes. He said, this was not anatomically correct, this was anatomical, this was anatomy the body itself a completely desiccated, mummified human body shit. Which that's a different day at work. Very different. So realizing that they were now dealing with an actual dead human body, Chris Haynes quietly went to get the off-duty cop who was hired by Universal Studios for the shoot, assuming that this cop would know what to do in this situation.


It's at this point that the story gets like kind of crazy because as far as Hayes remembers, he informed the officer who then reported it to the Long Beach Police. But rather than take the situation seriously at all, Chris Hayes, remember that, remembers that the officers used the situation as an opportunity for a prank. What they reported the situation to the paramedics as quote, I'm not ready. A case of severe dehydration, which is like really fucked up. What the fuck? Like, can you imagine? No, no, your, your job is to do something about this.


Like, and you're like, that's literally your job. Let's have a law. And you're like, this is hilarious. That this actual human being has been hung inside of a haunt attraction. Damn for how, who knows how long he's mummified. Let's make this an opportunity to have ourselves a little belly laugh. Like people, people are insane. People have always been lawless, just always is lawless. Like that's literally lawless. Damn. I mean, he is dehydrated. But there, so here's the thing. So there's a lot of, like, there's little like urban legendary feels about this part of it because none of the officers who work the case remember that prank occurrence. Well, yeah, Of course they don't. But again, but I dunno if they would be like, we did that.


Yeah, that was pretty funny. But whether they did it or not, there was a 12 hour gap in time between when he reported the body and the body being removed to the coroner's office. Damn, that's a long time. Yeah. So given that the body was obviously not that of a, you know, recently dead person, no one was really in a hurry to disrupt the filming process for the shoot that day. And they didn't wanna disrupt the daily operations at the pike or other boardwalk businesses. In fact, when the news did finally break in the papers the next day, even the investigators working the case were pretty happy to just like minimize the whole thing. Oh, well, one of, one investigator told reporters, the owners of the fun house thought it was just a Dummy, I can't myself too much like Vincent Price.


Now, after being removed from the Fun House, this body was delivered to the office of the medical examiner, Dr. Thomas Nucci as LH Chief Medical Examiner at the time. He had been in that position since the early 1960s. And Dr. Nucci had conducted autopsies on some of the most iconic celebrities, really in American history. This includes Marilyn Monroe. Oh, I was gonna say that name does sound familiar. It does, yeah. Janice Joplin. Oh, wow. Sharon Tate. Oh yeah. It earned him a really yucky nickname, I would say. The Corner to the Stars. Okay.


I don't know about that. Like, can we just have a little decorum? Actually, I know about that. I don't like it. Like I just think I know about it And I don't want to know about it. I wouldn't want to be called that. No. And also like, I don't know, it's just I don't like it. I don't like it. He's just the chief medical examiner. Can we just call that like, we don't need to, we don't need to do that to like deaf industry employees. Like be like the coroner to the stars. Like, yeah, that's wild. Just let him be the coroner man. That's wild. Yeah, it's not good. Obviously this body was likely not a celebrity, but I will say Dr. Nucci took the same amount of care with him as he would with any of his pro high profile patients.


You know, according to the information they'd received from investigating officers, the body on the autopsy table had been found by the funhouse operators many years earlier in a defunct wax museum. Oh, this wax museum had wrapped it in brown gauze and advertised it as quote, the 5,000 year old man. That's something. Yeah. So the medical examiner quickly was like, yeah, he's not 5,000 years old, everybody don't worry. And they said the, the corpse shows signs of postmortem medical examination and has been embalmed. So Dr. Choi, another doctor on the case, wrote in his autopsy report, the body is completely mummified. The nose and facial features appear to be Caucasian.


When he was alive, they thought he would be roughly five feet, eight inches tall, maybe 150 pounds. And Dr. Choi knew that determining the cause of death would help him kind of narrow down the potential timeline of when this man died. So during the initial examination, the doctors discovered a small hole in the man's chest. They thought this was either a chest tube or a bullet wound. Wow. Which I think are pretty valid guesses. But when they x-rayed the body, the resulting image was completely white. Hmm. So this would indicate that the body had been packed with radio opaque material, making it impossible to tell anything from x-rays. When they opened the chest cavity, Dr.


Choi discovered the source of the material after the man was dead, whoever embalmed him had packed the body with arsenic to prevent further decay. Shoot. This was a common practice in Civil War era America. Oh, really? Yeah. And but it, it had definitely like fallen out of populated, you know, being a common practice by the early 20th century. But that was another thing that helped them date this, because this put this man's death somewhere between the last half of the 19th century and the first few decades of the 20th. Damn. I mean, so we're, we're starting to narrow it.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. There is such a stigma surrounding mental health, but especially men's mental health. If you listen to this show, you know that pretty much from the dawn of time, men have, you know, been looked down upon for going to therapy and things like that. And it's like, why? That's ridiculous. Men today and at all times have faced a lot of pressure to perform, to provide, to keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. Listen up men. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it so that you can be at your best for yourself and everybody else in your life. You guys know I go to therapy, I've benefited from therapy And I 10 out of 10 recommend therapy for literally everybody. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash morbid. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/morbid.


You know that moment at night when you're locking up, turning off the lights and you just want to feel completely safe before heading to bed? Well, that's what SimpliSafe gives me. I've been using SimpliSafe for a long time now, and it has honestly changed how I think about home security. I love everything SimpliSafe has to offer. They have alarms that you can put outside that are like super duper loud. The cameras are incredible. I check mine constantly and you know all about my panic button that I have in my bedroom. If you don't know now, you know I have a panic button in my bedroom. So I go off to sweet, sweet lullaby land every night knowing that if any MOFO tries to get in my house, I can just click that button and scare the poop out of them and the cops will come help me. Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in that is too late. SimpliSafe new active guard outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they even happen. Though AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents detect suspicious activity around your property. If some creepo is lurking around, agents can talk to them in real time, say, Hey, what are you doing? They can even turn on spotlights and then call the police proactively deterring a crime before it even starts. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


It was the arsenic that had prevented the x-ray machine from showing anything. But now that they were able to open him up, organs exposed, Dr. Choi saw that there was evidence of hemorrhaging in one lung and a perforation in the other. This was indicating probably that he was shot in the chest. Oh, wow. Also, since there didn't appear to be an exit wound anywhere, they were thinking, we're gonna find this bullet in the body. Yeah. So they trace the path of the perforation from the entrance wound in the chest through the lungs, then through the liver. And Dr. Choi found it lodged in the man's hip bone. Oof. Yeah. Like ricocheted. Yeah. The bullet fragment lodged in this hip bone was anti, it was like an antique slug.


Oh. Basically. And apparently it was known as a gas check. It was this kind of like a slug was mostly phased out in the earliest early 20th century. But gas check ammunition was a non jacketed bullet that loaded from a high pressure rifle or magnum revolver cartridge. Okay. According to the LAPD ballistics expert leak ruman, the bullet was fired from a 32 30 caliber rifle, which he said was probably manufactured starting in 1905. Okay. That meant that however, this man, like, however this man had died, it happened sometime between 1905 and probably the start of the World War ii, which was 1939.


'cause that's when that kind of bullet was phased out. Okay. This is so interesting to me. It is how they're dating this. Yeah. Because it's the, like they're looking at like the packing material. Okay. This started in this time and it phased out here. So now we've narrowed it a little. This is real Investigative Work. Yeah. Now we find the bullet that was created in this time, it phased out here. We've narrowed it a little more. Yeah. It's like, this is so cool to me. It's Fascinating. So they've again, significantly narrowed down the window of time when the death occurred. Dr. Choi was inching closer to finding the precise time now, and it was the next step in the autopsy that proved most surprising and probably the more illuminating of anything. When Dr.


Choi removed the jaw, mandible and teeth for analysis by a dental expert, he discovered deep in the back of the mouth a corroded copper penny dated 1924. What? And several ticket stubs. What one with an address for the pike amusement park where the body was discovered. And another for Lewis Sonny's Museum of Crime. 5 2 4 Main Street, Los Angeles. Okay. Throughout the 1920s, twenties and thirties. It was not uncommon for sideshows and boardwalk businesses, you know, other amusement park kind of things to display the mummified bodies of supposed Wild West outlaws and other criminals.


What? Yeah. They would just be like, come look at the mummy of this crazy outlaw from the Wild West. That's Cool. And strange and so interesting. We've always been an interesting species. Yeah. I can say that based on the tickets found in this mummy's mouth, it appeared like prior that prior to his life in the Laugh in the Dark Ride, he was probably part of one of these outlaw mummy shows. Yeah. So the next day, a statement from the Emmy's office appeared in the newspapers around the country, giving the cause of death, obviously shot in the chest and requesting the public's help tracking down Louis Sonny or one of the relatives who might know the origin of the body. The story moves super fast.


And within a day, the Emmy's office received a call from Dave Friedman, the president of Entertainment Ventures, which was the parent company of Lewis Sonny's Museum of Crime. Oh, okay. So he exclaimed immediately when he talked to the Emmy's office. It's old Delmer. Well, And so according To Friedman, the body was Elmer McCurdy, a small time bandit who was gunned down by a sheriff's posse after robbing a train in Oklahoma in October, 1911. The way he just knew, he said, oh, it's Elma. Oh, that's sold Elmer. Oh, it's sold El. Like, what the fuck? So Freeman claimed that since no one had claimed McCurdy's body after his death, the enterprising sheriff at the time sold the embalmed body of the outlaw to the operator of a traveling carnival for display in their shi side show.


Wow. In 1921, Louis Sonny, the founder of Entertainment Ventures, quote, obtained McCurdy's body in 1921 as security on a $500 loan that was never Paid. Instead of $500, you get this guy For collateral, you just get This dude. Okay. Like, what the fuck? All righty. Bounties were different. Yeah. A little bit. Since then, Elmer McCurdy's body was displayed in various sideshow and boardwalk attractions until the practice of displaying mummified corpses fell a little bit out of favor with the public around the late 1940s, I'd say. Alright. Took us a little bit. Alright. Took us a little bit. Did we said, You Know what I did, this isn't great.


I did see a crazy kind of mummified body of a clown in California at the CIA Welcome To the CIAI don't think the CIA is a thing anymore. Gone. Yeah. I remember you telling me about that when I was probably like nine. Yeah. And I was like, place was crazy. What, What? It had like the, it had all this like, cool shit. I I, I'm sure people in California probably know what this place was or is And it play like Wizard of Oz and Pink Floyd, that whole deal. Yeah. It played like, it, it was just like chaos in there. Like, it was just a bunch of cool and random shit. Like very, a lot of oddities and shit. Yeah. And I, I loved it. Yeah. And I was playing the Wizard of Oz on all the TVs and playing dark side of the moon that like backwards to, to go with it.


And I, the vibe was just right in there, but in a glass case was the supposed mummified body of a clown and he wanted to be like buried in his clown makeup and shit. It was the most unsettling thing I've ever seen. I bet. But it's like, I, it is like when it fell out of favor in the 1940s, I'm like, I saw one in like 2005. So actually I'm like, I dunno. As strict asterisk, I saw one in the, in the mid, the mid early aughts. So, I mean, I suppose if that's what you want. Yeah. If that's what you want, then that's like, go for it man's. Yeah. Yeah. It's up to you. Some people just want, that's your shit, you know? Go for, go crazy. So according to Friedman, after being taken out the show, McCurdy's Body was moved to a storage facility in Los Angeles.


That's sad. It remained in storage until Dan Sonny Lewis's son inherited the company in 1968 and sold his Elmer McCurdy's body to the Hollywood Wax Museum. Whoa. Who in turn sold it to the new Pike amusement company where it was on display until it was discovered by the film crew while shooting an episode of the $6 million Man. The way this mummy is just traveling, he's been everywhere. In the days after that, Dr. Nucci and his assistant at the medical examiner's office conducted further analysis of the body to confirm or rule out whether this was in fact Elmer McCurdy. Since it was no DNA testing available at that time, the doctor took measurements of the bones and had a sketch artist recreate a rendering of what this man would've looked like while alive, based on a few existing photographs of Elmer McCurdy that were provided by the Oklahoma Historical Society actually.


Hmm. The doctor and his team were able to confidently confirm that the amusement park mummy was indeed the corpse of Elmer McCurdy. Now, in a press conference held to announce this in April's 1977, Dr. Nucci stated that once the appropriate paperwork had been filed, the body would be released to the Oklahoma Historical Society and shipped to Guthrie, Oklahoma for burial. Okay. The Historical Society spokesperson, Fred Olds told reporters Elmer will finally be buried at an old territorial cemetery with robbers and outlaws. He was sidetracked for a long time, but we feel like he's part of our history. Oh. So he's just buried among his brethren. You know, a lot of outlaws Took me a minute to get here.


I also think it's kind of badass that there's just like an outlaw cemetery. Yeah. Like, where's that? I'd like to see it. That'd be fun. The identification of the new Pike Mummy, that's what it was being called. Seemingly brought this mystery to a close, but it did nothing to answer a lot of the new questions in the minds of people who have read this story. Who the fuck was Elmer McCurdy? He tell me everything. How did he meet this kind of end fate? Like how did he end up here? So Elmer McCurdy was born January 1st, 1880 in Washington Maine. Cap to, he's a Capy. And he was born to an unwed mother, Sadie McCurdy, which Of course, in 1880, an unwed mother.


How did, my goodness, according to author Mark Venal, the identity of McCurdy's father, he never got to know that. That's sad. But it was possibly Sadie's cousin. Oh, Charles Davis Yucca. So to protect Elmer from the embarrassment of having been born out of wedlock and potentially to his mom's cousin, Sadie's brother George and his wife Helen, adopted the boy at an early age and raised him. That was nice. In 1890 when Elmer was 10 years old, George unfortunately died of tuberculosis. Not so nice. So Helen and Sadie moved to Bangor, Maine to live with their older brother Charles. It was at this time that Sadie started taking a more active role in caring for Elmer.


And not long after the two women revealed to him that Sadie was actually his mother. Ooh. It's kind of like Ted Bundy. Yes. Ted Bundy. It's very Ted Bundy. Yes. Yeah. Understandably. This is very traumatic. I can't imagine. Yeah, absolutely. He had recently lost the man who he thought was his birth mother, father, his whole life. And now he's finding this out. Like that's a lot for a kid. Not only is he finding out that this woman is not his mother, but his aunt and that his mother, his his aunt is his mother. Yeah. And that now he actually is realizing he's never even known his father. Yeah. And won't, and that it was his beloved uncle who died. Like, yeah, that's just a lot. Fuck. Yeah. So according to Spin V, those who knew McCurdy said this was the point that things turned for him.


Understandable. Caused him to become unruly and rebellious. I too might become unru, unruly and Rebellious. So within a few years, while very much still a child, Elmer started developing a drinking problem. Oh God. That would follow him the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the first signs of like big trouble came when he was arrested at age 15 for starting a bar fight in near by Belfast, Maine PO he In a bar. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Why was he in a bar? Why was he in a bar? So after this incident, Sadie and Helen decided Elmer needed a stronger masculine influence in his life. And he was sent to live with his grandfather, hardened McCurdy. He did hardened McCurdy actually really did help him.


He helped him find an apprenticeship with a local plumber. Ooh. This was a lot of structure, a new routine, and it actually seemed to suit Elmer nice. Like he liked this kind of structure. And by the time he was 18 years old, he had become an expert. Wow. So these were all, this was great. It seemed to be working well. The grandfather was good to him. Got him on the straight and narrow. But it was short-lived because in 1898, just as McCurdy was settling, you know, trying to get out on his own, the American economy took a downturn. It's always gonna do that. One thing about the economy, she always is gonna crash out. She's always gonna crash out. Yeah. You know, Recession indicators Everywhere, it's always gonna happen. So, and it really hit rural areas like banger and like banger, banger, banger main it, it hit it particularly hard of out in the rural areas.


Yeah. So because of this recession, a lot of businesses are closing, millions of people are losing their jobs. Thousands left their small towns and villages to find any kind of employment. So not great to be setting out on your own in this situation. No. So in in banger Maine, Sadie and Helen both lost their jobs and exper, you know, and this hits Sadie really hard. She always was prone to anxiety. So losing her job in this kind of recession was just not great. Right. She developed an ulcer that she really struggled to keep under control. Yikes. And in 1900 she ended up dying when it unexpectedly ruptured. Who? Yeah. And a few months later, harden Harden, McCurdy died of bright's disease, which was, it's like an outdated, basically generic term for inflamed kidneys.


Oh. Essentially. Wow.


I think we can all agree that trying to save money and managing your finances is most of the time a really big headache. Trying to balance your checkbook, trying to pay all your bills, trying to keep track of everything. It's a lot. Even overdraft fees, missed payments. Wishing you had ways to save more. It's stressful. But you know who gets that chime. Chime understands that every dollar counts. That's why when you set up direct deposit through Chime, you get access to fee free features like free overdraft coverage. And you can get paid up to two days early with direct deposit and even more, you can learn more at chime.com/morbid. Or you can listen to my experience with Chime. You get paid two days early with direct deposit. Do you understand how helpful that is? If you run into an issue a couple days before you get your money, usually you can just get that direct deposit two days early and then boom, you have money to pay for that issue. Also, there's 24 7 customer support And I love that you need that. There's also a ton of tools for daily balance updates and realtime transaction alerts that shaped my spending habits. It's so easy to create a budget. Work on your financial goals through Chime today. Open an account in two minutes at chime.com/morbid. That's chime.com/morbid. Chime feels like Progress. Chime is a financial technology company, not a bank banking services and debit card provided through the Bank Corp NA or Stride Bank, NA members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits Apply timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs, bank ranking and number of ATMs. According to US News and World Report 2023 Chime checking account required.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earnIn saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that after school treat, start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial@greenlight.com slash Wondery greenlight.com/wondery.


In the span of 10 years, Alma McCurdy lost his fa, who he thought was his father, his birth mother and his grandfather. That's a lot of loss. All of whom had played a very important part in his life. Yeah. Up until this point. Like they were all like positive things in his life. Yeah. And to make matters worse, after working hard to learn a trade and become an expert plumber, the recession had completely fucked that up. Oh. Like he couldn't get any job. These definitely left him like bitter frustrated and he turned to drinking even more. So he decided there was not a lot left for him in Maine, so he decided to go find something somewhere else. And after leaving Maine, he kind of drifted around the East Coast states for a few years, hopping train cars from town to town trying to find work.


Occasionally he could find like temp work as a plumber or a handyman, but inevitably his drinking would get the better of him and he would end up just getting himself fired. Yeah. In 1903, he found himself in Iola, a small town in southeast Kansas. And about a decade earlier, a large deposit of natural gas had been found under the ground there. Oh shit. Which is pretty interesting. And it resulted in like a boom of new industry and a big increase in the town's once very tiny population. So in response to this whole thing, they're becoming a successful town now. The town leaders went out of their way to erase any traces of this former like Wild West identity. They wanted now to present Ila as like this up and coming, you know, hub of inter industry, the future of Kansas.


So within a few years of discovering the resources under the land in Iola, they had transformed this place. I mean, they paved the roads, invested in a telephone system, builds accommodations and attractions, an opera house, a local branch of the YMCA. Wow. It was the fucking happen in town. It's a fun place to go. I know they had a lot to offer someone like Elmer McCurdy who's looking to start over and someone who is a skilled tradesman. Right. It's not like he's walking in there not knowing how to do anything. So he was psyched about this and honestly the town was excited to have him. Oh. Which is interesting. They basically said it. He arrived in town that year and in an announcement of several newly arrived citizens.


That's so fun. The local paper described Elmer as quote, an industrious young man who had gained access to the better society circles of ia who classed among his friends many of the well-known people of the town. That's fun. Wait. As a Society, why do we not announce newcomers in a paper? That's what I'm saying. Do you Remember being in school and they were were, they were like, oh, we have a new kid. And you were like, I'm gonna find them and befriend them immediately. Yes. That hundred percent I would. With the newcomers in town. Yeah. I'd be like, I'll sit with them at lunch. Like, let's be friends. Newcomers not come on. And it gets people excited to be like, oh, I'm just, yeah. Look at me. I'm industrious. Welcome to me to your town. I'm New in town.


I'm new in town. Love that. You get to John Mullany it. That would be so fun. Yeah. I love it. It's, I think we should write to our town. I think it's adorable. Unfortunately this didn't last very long because, Oh, MWO. Because Elmer El Elmer struggles to keep things. Does he be drinking good for himself? He's a self sabotager. It happens to the best of us. Didn't take long for him to squander the opportunities presented to him by the people of Viola. Oh, not long after he came into town, he did find work as a plumber, but within a couple months his alcoholism reared its ugly head and started causing trouble. Oh. According to McCurdy's, former employer, William Root, after a long night of drinking at a local saloon, Elmer claimed that he had killed a man during a bar fight in another state.


Huh. And rumors started swirling. He did confront him about this and was like, dude, You kill someone. Did you like kill someone because like, you can't work for me. And he was like, no I didn't. And I was just like boasting. I was making something up, shooting shot. But he had to let him go Reverse. I was just too much t about murder. That's, yeah. You know, like what? That's, that's bad too. Oh my bad. So McCurdy left Kansas in 1905 and hopped a freight car eventually winding up in Web City. Missouri. Missouri. Missouri Web City was also experiencing a boom in industry, in population, thanks to the discovery of the world's largest zinc deposit located underneath the town. Ooh. Elmer got a job with the Davey Mine Company.


Ooh. At a time when safety standards were lax, if if not completely accident, absent, like just totally gone. There were a few dangerous jobs around, but none quite as dangerous as being a fucking minor could Get the black lung pop. Yeah. You're gonna, One could make a decent enough living as a minor 'cause like Yeah. 'cause you Might die tomorrow. Yeah. It's a trade off. The tradeoffs not Great. We'll pay you If you show up back from the mine If you Lived through it. Right. Cains were very common too. Oh God. McCurdy was on a team of muckers. The men who would collect the loose and chipped pieces of zinc into a cart and haul them back up to the surface, the salary was about $2 a day.


The work would've been very grueling, very backbreaking. And it would require him to shovel about 60 to 100 tons of or into the cart by hand. Wow. To make matters worse, the conditions were not ideal. According to Fen bolts, men were crushed by rockfall or blown to bits by overzealous applications of dynamite. A lot. Whoa. Also, because hard hats had not been invented yet. Head injuries were pretty common. Stop it. In order to try to stop these, the miners were pretty industrious themselves. They would wad up newspapers under their hats to like cushion the blow, falling smart, essentially inventing hard hats. Everybody. Yeah. So good on them.


But there were also other unexpected effects. There was like endless amounts of zinc dust that was hanging in the air all the time from the drilling and blasting when breathed in for extended periods of time. Zinc caused silicosis or minors consumption. It's a scarring of the lung tissue that would eventually lead to death. Ooh, that's horrible. Yeah. And after less than two years in the mines, Elmer McCurdy had developed a terrible cough. He was short of breath a lot. He constantly struggled with lung irritations. They were pretty debilitating. And it would stop him from doing his job eventually. So that really wasn't his fault. Yeah, no, not at all. So he couldn't earn a living in the mines anymore. And he was having trouble. He went right back to like alcohol and, but his savings were dwindling.


So he joined the US Army in November, 1907 and he was assigned to company E third infantry stationed at Fort Leavenworth into Kansas. So on his enlistment papers, he, his previous occupation was listed as minor, not plumber. And he had way more experience as a plumber. Right. And he was much more skilled as a plumber. Maybe because of that, he was assigned to a program that trained soldiers in demolition. Oh. Specifically with various forms of explosives. Fun. In addition to his training with explosives, he served as a machine gun detachment person and generally flew under the radar, I don't know what they're called, artilleryman.


Yeah, sure. And flew under the radar pretty much for three years. And in the spring of 1910, he was given an honorable discharge after his initial term. And he chose not to renew his contract. And he was like, You know what? I have some other ways that I can make a living. Like that was nice, fun little thing I did for three years. So he left the military and he was gonna look for a new job, but there was still that whole recession thing. So competition was pretty stiff still. After about two weeks of unemployment, he sent a telegram to his army. Buddy WA Walter, I think it's Ellery fun. Chappel Ellery. And he asked him to get a few days of leave to help him with a job.


Okay. So Walter managed to get a week long pass from the base and joined McCurdy in St. Joseph, Kansas. On the night of November 19th, 1910, Elmer McCurdy and Walter were walking down the main street in St. Joseph, Kansas when they were stopped by three special officers for Burlington train line. At the time, it was pretty common practice in many towns for officers to stop unfamiliar men who they suspected of being like drifters or, or some nefarious kinda, you know, suspects of something. So they stopped them and they questioned them. And then the officers noticed the large heavy bag that Elmer was carrying. The officers insisted he open it and they looked in and found that the bag contained a force screw a gi, a door.


Jimmy assorted drills and hacksaws chisels. A nitroglycerin funnel. Gunpowder and a gunpowder funnel. Just your typical What's in my bag? Yeah. What's in my bag? Get ready with me. These were all tools that were commonly used by burglars and bank robbers at the time. Yeah. So Elmer and Walter couldn't super explain why they were carrying such hefty quantities of burglar tools. I just love screwdrivers. But they were like nefarious. We are not. But they were like, okay, cool. What are you? And they were like, not sure, not nefarious, can't explain it. But we aren't nefarious. We're un nefarious. But the officers could see right through that shit. And in the affidavit filed for their arrest, the officers asserted that the men were in possession of quote mechanical devices.


Adapted, designed and commonly used for breaking into vaults and safes. Oh no. Just two weeks outta the army. And Elmer has already been arrested him. Only two weeks worse than that, he was facing felony charges that carried a sentence of between two and 10 years in prison. Yikes. Broke and unable to find either a lawyer or a decent explanation for why he was carrying burglar equipment. He concocted a new plan on November 23rd, the day of his court date. Elmer wore his US army uniform and headed into court. No. So Elmer explained that no, he was not carrying the tools of a common burglar. What was he carrying? It's like, come on.


He said they were parts to an invention that he and Walter were trying to patent a machine gun tripod that allowed the user to fire the gun with his foot. Innovative Elmer went as far as to ask for a continuance so he could subpoena his commanding officer, captain Charles Murphy, who he claimed would testify to the veracity of these claims. You're not in the army anymore. Yeah. So everyone in the court was like, that's bullshit. Like I am sure of that. And unfortunately I think he like overplayed.


No, I know he overplayed his hand here because he actually subpoenaed Captain Charles Murphy. Oh. And I don't think he thought this would go further than that. I thought he would just be like, you know, kind of like he won't bluff Uff and they would be fine. But took Elmer McCurdy's surprise when the arraignment resumed. A few days later, captain Murphy appeared in court and he explained those bits of metal would have absolutely no use in any machine gun of mine. Yikes. In response, Elmer McCurdy jumped up from his seat and lunged at Captain Murphy and had to be restrained by the officers in the court. Elmer this outburst with the fact that Elmer was curly lying about the tripod machine gun that you could use with your foot was sufficient enough evidence for the judge to return an indictment.


And a trial was scheduled for January, 1911. Understandable. Like his ejection from ILI Iola society a few years earlier. The arrest and indictment in St. Joseph was definitely another turning point for Elmer McCurdy. It was yet another experience that made him just think, You know what? I don't belong in the polite society. I belong amongst the criminals. The criminals. As Elmer sat in jail awaiting his trial, he started making friends with the other inmates. 'cause he is Elmer, you know, You gotta talk to you, You gotta do something. Talk to that. That including a man named Walter Jarret at the time of Elmer's Elmer's arrest, Jarrett was serving a short prison sentence for a petty burglary conviction.


But he also had some experience robbing banks and had served longer sentences in the past. So he was like, not to brag, kind of a career criminal. You know, like many men his age, Jarret had, Jarret had grown up idolizing the outlaws of the old West. You know, Jesse James, the Dalton Brothers men who had like bucked modern society standards and made a living, you know, just Robin shooting and being violent and riding horses. Exactly. And once he was grown, Walter Jarret was determined to be just like his childhood heroes, which landed him in jail a lot. So it was Jarret who convinced Elmer McCurdy that if he was able to get out of his current predicament, you know, the two men Jarret and he, they could experi, you know, they could maybe like do something together.


Like he's like, I can rob banks. Like I've done that. He said, let's collab. He's like, you Elmer McCurdy. We could do a really good collab here because I hear, I think you can explode things. Hey, he said post for post. Like you went, you went, you went in the army and you learned how to blow stuff up. That's pretty good for a bank robbery. Yeah. So they were like, let's do this first Elmer needed. He was like, you know, at first deal with the charges against you. And then we'll, we'll talk, we'll go from there.


You know how we all have that one friend that weirdly knows a ton about finances and is always down to help you with yours? Of course you don't. We're all lost and alone and it's terrifying. Well, not anymore. Meet Experian, your BFF. And by that I mean big financial friend. I'm telling you, Experian is gonna be your go-to app when it comes to handling finances like a grownup. And this big financial friend always brings the DTF energy down to fix things. That is the Experian app finds ways to help you save, matches you with credit cards, and even shows you your FICO score when you're up for it. Bet your other BFFs can't bring it like that, huh? Anyway, it's easy to take this big financial friend along for the ride. Just download the Experian app and get started for free. Link up with your BFF and before you know it, it you'll be finishing each other's finance goals. Results will vary. Credit offers, approvals and reward programs based on FICO score eight model and subject to lender terms. Offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.


So on January 30th, 1911, Elmer McCurdy's case went before a jury and what everyone assumed was gonna be a pretty fucking short trial. But within the first day it seemed like things might actually be working in Elmer's favor. The prosecutor was only able to find one person who would testify against his machine gun defense. But when that witness was shown the tools McCurdy was arrested with, he couldn't identify them as being the tools of a burglar or a bank robber either. Alright. Like, basically like, I can't say they are And I can't say they aren't. He said they're just tools. Also, Elmer was able to find us army officials who were willing to testify that McCurdy quote was the best damn soldier in the whole damned army.


Wow. Yeah. What a compliment. In the end, it all came down to a matter of reasonable doubt. And it's, I mean, nobody knows if the jury actually believed the tripod machine gun claim, but the prosecution was unable to prove that the tools were like a bank heist toolkit. Yeah. And he was acquitted of the charges. Okay. Elmer? Yeah. Following the acquittal, Elmer was free to go and immediately fought, sought out Walter Jarret to begin their life of crime. Let's go. Yeah. And by then Jarrett had already talked up Elmer to his brothers, particularly his experience in exploding things. You know, you know, in the spring the gang broke into a general store in Oklahoma and stole the ammunition and tools they needed for their first big job, which was robbing the St.


Louis Iron Mountain train. Oh. On a routine male run in April, the gang caused a disturbance on the tracks, which forced the train to come to a stop. Once the train was stopped, the gang opened fire, showering the express car in a hail of bullets. As the passengers of the train panicked, the Jarrett brothers entered the engine car and held the engineer at gunpoint. In the meantime, Elmer entered the express car to blow the safe up. That's where there would've been this large sum of money. Unfortunately, Elmer turned out to be, you know, less of an expert than they were expecting. 'cause remember he went into the army with, with lots of experience in plum plumbing.


You know, like he could plum. Yeah. He wasn't that great with explosives. They just were like, sure, let's have you blow shit up. Okay. So he was not great and the men returned to the train car to find that the explosives have been unsuccessful in opening the safe, but determined. 'cause Elmer we will find out, is nothing if not determined. Okay. He tried again, but he was still unable to blow it up, likely because he had no idea what he was doing. Yes. For more than two hours, the train sat motionless on the track as the inept robbers repeatedly tried and failed to blow the safe open two hours while the passengers are sitting there just, just watching these bumbling idiots try to open this safe.


Two hours is A long time. Yes. Finally, after an unreasonable long period of time, Elmer was able to get the door to the safe open. I think I could have done it faster. Exactly. But by that time he'd blown an enormous hole in the side of one of the train cars. What? And destroyed the interior of another. And then when they entered the car to grab the $4,000 in silver coins that was awaiting them inside the safe. Was that blown up too? They discovered that the explosives had been so hot that it fused all the coins into a single shiny mass of silver. And that single shiny blob of silver was stuck to the inside of the walls and floor of the safe.


It's a real bang up job. The men tried, tried desperately to pry this loose and when then they saw the lights of an approaching car. So they just had to run and they just stole some of the passenger's watches on the way out. I love that. They were like, well You gotta so watch. I hate something. I would Honestly be like, you okay? You do. You need it more than I You do. You Go, I'd be like, You know what? Do you want my earrings too? I'd be like, you really? You tried your Best. You know? Wow. Wow, wow. So at first You do not succeed. Try. Try for two hours. So following that robbery, If you could call it that, Elmer McCurdy and Wallet Walter Jarrett were immediately identified as the suspects.


And a thousand dollars reward was offered for the capture of either of 'em. Oh shit. All the mistakes were laid at their feet and like they, they were like their, and honestly it was laid mostly at their supposed explosives expert. And the gang made no secret that they were pissed. Not long after the failed heist, a knife fight broke out between McCurdy and Jarret. Elmer got a deep cut on his arm and Walter's face was slashed. The resentment ended up ruining the relationship between the gang and McCurdy and they went their separate ways. After just a few months though, Jarret's gang was all rounded up and prosecuted for their crimes. And Elmer was remaining at large. 'cause they cut him loose on the run. Yeah.


As a criminal. Now on the run, Elmer passed himself off as several different aliases like Charles Davis, Frank Curtis. And that's the one he used in September, 1911, no longer in the company of hardened bandits. He was definitely still determined to make his name as an outlaw. Yeah. He wasn't ready to quit. Yeah. You know? And by late September he hooked up with a new criminal outfit and formulated a new plan to get rich. Let's go. On the night of October 6th, 1911, McCurdy and his new gang stopped. Katy train number 9 29 Near o Eska, a small town in northeast Oklahoma. The gang had heard a rumor that the train was carrying $400,000 and it was supposed to be delivered to Osage reservation in exchange for oil.


And they set their sights on that money. That's a lot of money now determined to make up for the last failure. Elmer volunteered to take point. He was like, I wanna make up for this. Yeah. And after stopping the train on the tracks, Elmer set about decoupling the engine and the express cars from the other cars so that he could ride the train further down the tracks and make off with the money. Okay. At first things were going great. The train stopped, they were able to get the cars unhooked, moving again. No problem. But when the gang went to the express car to collect their loot, they discovered that Elmer had uncoupled the wrong car. Oh. And they'd left the car with the safe miles behind them. Oh no.


So instead of getting $400,000, the car they'd stolen only had about $45 inside. Oh, they were pretty pissed. Yeah. Deeply disappointed. He is a bad criminal. The gang split up and went their separate ways, but not before. Elmer stole the conductor's watch in a bottle of whiskey. I love that. They all lit in that moment. They were pissed, they were disappointed. And then they all just went, fuck y'all. And they all just went different ways. And Elmer stole whiskey and a watch and was like peace. Yeah. So now separated from the gang and he's walking on his own now. Just left that whole shenanigans on a sad boy walk. Oh yeah. True. Sad boy walk. Elmer fled into the Osage Hills, but the law, the law wasn't far behind the long arm of the law.


The longest arm of the law. The area where McCurdy had fled, proved far more difficult to traverse than he'd expected. Not only was he completely unfamiliar with this region, but it was dense with thickets and ravines. And he was also drinking whiskey the whole time. So he was sloppy, drunk or nore. Yeah. Yeah. And he just wasted, he's not only moving slowly, but he's doing absolutely nothing to cover up his tracks as he goes. 'cause he's just lit and he's probably not being quiet. Yeah. In fact, at one point he dropped the com completely dropped the whole empty whiskey bottle on the ground, which gave the bloodhounds that were following him an opportunity to renew their scent.


Oh no. In short time, the Sheriff's Posse caught up with Elmer at a farm along the big Kaney River where he was hiding out in a barn. It was nighttime by them, and when they approached the barn, they found him sleeping in a large pile of hay. He just passed right out. I mean, yeah, you would after a bottle of whiskey. So they were worried about losing him in the darkness if they had like just jumped on him. So they just waited there until daylight to make the arrest. And at about 7:00 AM the next morning, you're like, yeah, he's not going anywhere. Yeah. No. Three deputies approached the barn door making noise, so they woke him up from his sleep, and when Elmer looked through the hole, he saw them and he didn't hesitate. He just opened fire on them. Oh fuck. Yeah. Bob Fenton later said, he took a shot at me first, then he took a shot at Stringer After that, he took three shots at Wallace before we opened fire.


Oh my God. Elmer McCurdy had proven a poor explosives expert, and as it turns out, he wasn't that great with a rifle either. All five shots McCurdy took at the men's standing less than 10 feet away from him, missed Elmer. The deputies retreated somewhat, and for about an hour the group traded gunfire until finally one of the shots found its target hitting Elmer in the chest. And it sent the bullet, obviously ricocheting into his hip where it would later be discovered Decades later. Yeah. By the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner. Yes. So the posse collected Elmer's body and brought it back to Pa Huska with them. That is a fun town name. Right? I like it. Where they handed it over to the owner of Johnson's, the local funeral parlor, knowing that no one was gonna come claim the body.


The undertaker saw an opportunity to make some money, so he treated the body with an a acidic compound creating the situation that would allow the body to be mummified over time. And after that, Elmer was stored in the back room of Johnson's where the proprietor charged a nickel for people to come look at him as he was billed as the bandit who wouldn't give up. What? You know, that's so nice. They were like, he tried, tried, tried Again. You know what he did? He Was a little tried. He tried. He was a little bandit who could? He was Too, too. Who really, really couldn't. But he pay a nickel. You can see the bandit that wouldn't give up. Dang. To the undertaker's surprise. Five years later, a man came into the funeral parlor saying he was McCurdy's long lost brother.


What? And he tearfully begged the undertaker to give Elmer's body back to him so he could give him a proper burial that's fake as fuck. Not wanting to run a foul of the law. The undertaker was like, absolutely, you can have the body take your brother. It was only later that he learned that this long lost brother was in fact, the owner of the traveling carnival who tricked him into handing over his side, his sideshow, star trickery. And so it was that Elmer McCurdy entered the carnival and sideshow circuit getting passed from one traveling show to another until he finally ended up hanging in the Laugh in the dark ride at the pike in Long Beach. Girly pop. That was a tale for the most of his life. He had tried and failed to make a name for himself first as an upstanding member of society, then as a hardened bandit and train robber.


But he was in his death that he finally achieved the notoriety that he felt he deserved. Yeah. Once all the paperwork had been signed and filed, after he was discovered, Elmer McCurdy's body was released to the Oklahoma Historical Society and the Indian Ter Territory Posse of Westerners. That's the like name of it. Yes. And in April, 1977, Elmer McCurdy was finally laid to rest at Boot Hill Cemetery in Guthrie, Oklahoma. 66 years after a bullet fired from the Osage County Sheriff's deputy ended his life. Wow. And that is the tale of Elmer McCurdy, The Outlaw Mummy Sister. Sister. What? What a journey we just took together. I think that story slaps, that is a slap On the story.


I think it's a wild tale. I think it's Elmer is a character. Yeah. I say so. I feel bad for his beginnings. Yeah. 'cause I think it really colored the rest of his, his life and it looked like he got, you know, you feel you're like, he got he he got into the cups. Yeah. And it took him away from how being an upstanding member of society. Yeah. And he just couldn't catch a break. Yeah. Don't be drunk. And he just wasn't good. And he wasn't even good at being bad. That's the thing. I don't think he was meant to be a bad guy. He was destined to be good. Yeah. He was destined to just like be Elmer, you know? Yeah. Just be a cool plumber. But it's sad what happened to him after. I know. It is sad and it's really wild that that was able to happen for so long.


Sure is. So what a world. Yeah. That's the tale. Well, crazy Tail. With that being said, we hope you can't us none and you should because that's a crazy tale. Yeah. There's more where that came from And we hope you keep it weird. Weird. But that's so weird. As Alma Elma, that's Elma. Come on. Don't keep it so weird as That's crazy. That guy's a freaking crazy guy. A freaking crazy guy.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


If you are looking for new ways to get ahead, then you are our kind of person. We are Udemy And we help learners like you upskill in ai, productivity, leadership and management, and more learn at your own pace from real world experts. You can also prep for certifications that show employers what you know upskill for the career you want@udemy.com. Now, back to your regularly scheduled listening. I.