
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and even more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Recently I listened to So Thirsty, which was really good. I like how the narrator went between the two characters voices. That was really fun. And then I just started listening to God of the Woods. So good. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am obsessed with fast growing trees. We actually ordered a couple things from them. I got a couple shrubs and I also got a lemon tree. So I'll always have fresh lemons. If you know me, you know that I love Shannon Borre and you gotta have nine lemons in that bowl, baby. So I'm excited about that. And listen, you don't need to have a yard or a lot of space. You can grow, like I just said, a lemon tree and avocado, olive, or even a fig tree inside your home. On top of the wide variety of houseplant available this spring, they have the best deals for your yard. Up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Morbid at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code Morbid at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Morbid. Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Morbid to save today. Offer is available for a limited time. Terms and conditions apply.


Hey weirdos. Im And I'm Elena. And this right here that you are listening to in your car at this moment in your house. What'd you say at this moment? At this moment is Morbid. I thought you said At a sporting event. At a sporting event. I said, why is somebody listening more but at a sporting event, you don't know. Speaking of sporting events, Elena took me to my first Celtics game. Yay. It's so much fun. It is. I love the Celtics. I had a real ghost sports moment. Yeah, you did.


I jumped outta my chair. You were jumping up and yelling about fouls. By the end of it you were bullshit. Bullshit. I was so excited for you. I was. I was great. I was her. She's, she's into it. Yeah, it was fun. I liked it. It's true. I used to like going weirdly, I never went to the basketball games in high school 'cause I like didn't give a shit. Yeah. But in middle school I loved it. That's amazing. Yeah. In middle school I loved it. I fought so hard with basketball. I was heavy with it. Hell yeah. Yeah, it's fun. The Celtics are awesome and I won't hear anything to the contrary about that. No, never. I mean, just based off stats alone. Yeah. Listen to me. I know. Look at that. Number two, look at those stats. Oklahoma. Go fuck selves. You say Go. Go fuck yourself. Look at me talking trash.


Talking trash about sports. It's fun. Yeah, it's fun. Yeah. When you get to hear how gnarly Bostonians are, oh my God. The crowd at a Celtics game. The crowd at this one in particular, honey, it went, it went off. It went hot. It did go hot. Hot in the paint head. Yeah, it's, it's a lot of fun. I know. I love it. The girls got to do a a little thing separately during a couple of games they got, we like entered them into a thing where they got to high five. The players. Oh my God, that's so cute. And they fucking loved it. It's the cutest thing in the entire world. Can you turn me into that? Yeah. So you can High five the players. I wanna high five the players. Is it for children only? It's, is it for new sports fans for children? I could, I could just crouch.


Just crouch down like, good luck guys. Yay. You're like, what the fuck is that woman doing? You're like, go sports. What a visual. That paint I can, I am vi visualizing it right now. I just got banned from every Celtic event for the rest of the season. You just got put on a list. They were like, no, no bitch. No, we can't have that happen. No, I don't wanna do that. But I do wanna go back. Oh and I love it. My kids call Jason Tatum. Atu Tatum. It was so hard to not yell that out during the game. I know. Every time I see him I wanna be like Jason Tatu Tatum. But I'm like, your name is Jason. Sorry. But yeah, go Celtics and, and yeah.


I don't think, is there any other bit nasty? Really? I don't know. Ghost posted our episode yesterday unexpectedly. The pretty cool, the actual ghost account. And I died a thousand deaths. So here I am. Hell yeah. A thousand deaths. Less than I was yesterday. You only have, how many more lives do you have left? I have no idea where I started. You're bigger than a cat. I am. It's so funny the different places that we were about to go with that. You were like, what else do we have? And you went into Ghost and I was about to say, oh, star is coming up. So there's that. We are different people equally as important. It is. So there you go. Happy. Go some eggs.


Yeah. Put some rabbits out. Yeah. Fake ones to fake ones. Don't just put your rabbits out. Don rabbits. People just walk outside and put their rabbits out. I don't know. You don't know. You don't know your fucking life. We really don't. And you know, you know whose life I really don't know And confirm who's Herbert Mullins. Okay. So I, his life is lawless. Here's the thing. I genuinely don't know his life. I can recognize the name, genuinely don't. I genuinely don't know his life. I know the name and I know that I've heard probably this case before, but I cannot remember the details. I cannot, it's a, it's a wild one.


Yeah. So it makes sense that you genuinely don't know his life. Okay. But that you've heard the name. Yeah. Because he's definitely up there. He's very brutal. He's very prolific in his numbers. And he was committing crimes at the same time as Edmund Kemper. Oh. So some, they got a little conflated. It's one of those things where it's like everyone really knows Edmund Kemper's name for his crimes. But I think this one got a little pushed to the side, which is when you hear this story, you're gonna be like, I'm sorry. What? I almost wonder too, If you mentioned him when we did Ed Kemper, I think I did mention him. Yeah. Because I think there was some like confusion, which with victims and like what was going on, they were committing their crimes at the same time period in the same area.


Okay. So there was a lot of confusion. Damn. Over what the fuck was saying. He was like one of our earliest episodes. I think he's like number three. Yeah. He's very early. And Herbert Mullin though is called The Killer Hippie. Oh. Which is quite a moniker. That's such a bummer. Yeah. And he was like, you're not a hippie if you're a murderer. And he's a, he's a gnarly guy. Oh no. But he's also very, very mentally ill. Oh, there's a lot happening in this. Okay. Very scary stuff. All right. And it was exacerbated as we'll see by like psychedelic drugs and stuff. Oh shit. So that's when you're already mentally ill. Taking psychedelic drugs can potentially be harmful. Yeah. Just watch yellow jackets.


There you go. You should, because it's really good. I'm in season two for once I've turned Elena onto a show. Yeah. And Mikey as well. Yeah. And I hold the power because I'm caught up in They're not, it's true. But we're, we're coming up. We're coming up to being caught up almost. We're getting there. So in the minds of many, the 1960s was definitely a decade that like you, you know, you love a hippie. I do. The, the sixties was a time that was dominated by hippie culture. Free love baby. You really thi Yeah, exactly. Free love. And there was a lot of like, you know, adv trying attempts to advance progressive ideas and like, you know, this new generation of young people was trying to make shit happen.


There's like a lot, when you go back into the sixties, a lot of shit was happening. A interesting lot of cultural changes happening. You know, it's move things a very interesting decade for sure. But while it is true that the heyday of the baby boomers was one of considerable social and cu cultural change, it's also an era where some of the darkest parts of humanity became impossible for a lot of Americans to ignore. Yep. Like it really was the time beginning in the mid sixties, violent crime and homicide rates were spiking in the US and they were honestly reaching like kind of shocking heights at this point. 'cause remember this is when suddenly it became like, oh, maybe we shouldn't hitchhike.


Yeah. As much as we are kind of thing. And it really reached shocking heights in the eighties before starting like a little bit of a downward trend in the nineties. I missed the nineties. Oh. And long for the nineties, the number of violent crimes and murders committed varied by city and state. But few were struggling with the problem of violence more than sorry, California. Yeah. It happens. It was rough out there beginning in the sixties. California and the Bay Area more specifically became a real mecca for hippies and other young people that were drawn to the culture, that rejected conservative standards and morals in favor of more permissive behaviors.


Unfortunately, it wasn't long before the state who was, you know, which was once synonymous with free love became known for producing some of the nation's most notorious serial killers. Yeah. Beginning in the mid sixties, a man who would eventually call himself the Zodiac, started out on a series of murders that would keep the region locked in a grip of terror for nearly a decade. And then they just simply vanished. As we know, to this day, we are the year of our Lord 2025 and we still have no fucking clue who the Zodiac killer is. Yep. A few years later, in 1968, you might know this name too, Charles Manson and his disciples committed a series of crimes that culminated it in a horrific mass murder.


Effectively ending the era of free love and bringing in kind of ushering in an era of fear, paranoia, and suspicion to the south in the LA area, Juan Corona went on a four month killing spree that claimed the lives of 25 men. Oh wow. The same time that that was happening. Another serial killer who we just recently covered, Rodney Alcala, the dating game killer. Yep. Committed the first of what would be many, many brutal murders. And the so-called Southern California strangler, Randy Kraft, who we have not covered, set out on a rampage that claimed the lives of at least 16 people. Wow. And this was all in like a very short period of time.


Yeah. It was just mayhem over the course of the seventies, the list of LA area serial killers would grow to include some of the most notorious in the nation's history, but maybe the most shocking and perplexing murders of the era were taking place between the states, two iconic cities in a largely suburban area. Santa Cruz County. Hmm. Santa Cruz is also, I think is supposed to be the influence of Santa Carla in Oh, in Lost Boys. Yeah. It definitely is being like the Murder capital of the World. World. Yes. That's Santa Cruz. Yeah. So located about 60 miles outside of San Francisco, Santa Cruz has long served as a more suburban commuter city for those working in, but not wanting to live in San Francisco.


In 1970, it was home to a wide range of people from unemployed college students to the highest paid surgeons, essentially. That's crazy. Like in everything in between. And within a few years, unlike nearby San Francisco, Santa Cruz was becoming very quiet, very peaceful. It was like a very nice place to live. But then within a few more years, it feel, it feels like it kind of just happened in like a slow burn. Yeah. At the other end of the spectrum, it became known to many in California and the United States as the Murder capital of the world. Yep. Or Santa Carla. Now, for the most part, residents of Santa Cruz thought of crime as something that happened, you know, elsewhere in places like San Francisco.


This is before it became known. What was known as, you know, they were thinking San Francisco is where that happens. You know, where the Zodiac was killing young couples and terrorizing residents with, you know, threatening letters to the press and cryptics and all that. But on the night of October 19, 7, 19 70 murder came right to Santa Cruz when Dr. Victor Oda, his wife and their two young sons and the doctor's secretary were found murdered in the family swimming pool. And their house was blaze. Oh my God. On the windshield of Otis Carr was a typewritten letter threatening violence again, quote against quote persons who misused the natural environment.


And it was signed with several hand-drawn tarot symbols. What? Yeah. Tarot symbols. Yep. Okay. That is not at all where I thought we were going. No. And about a week after that, Santa Cruz police arrested 24-year-old John Linley Frazier, a local man known for his very erratic behavior and a passion for environmental causes and his obsession with the Bible. And it would turn out that the murder of the OTA family was just the beginning in the three years that followed a number of young women from the Santa Cruz area went missing. And their bodies just were discovered months or years later, showing signs of extreme violence. The murder of these young women would eventually be a tribute to Edmund Kemper.


Mm. This we know Edmund Kemper If you listen to the episode. But he was a local man who was, you know, one of the things that was very interesting about him is that he was very friendly with the local police. Yeah. Hung out with them at the bars, wanted to be a police officer. Yep. But he was literally too big to be a police officer. Yeah. Like too tall. Yeah. Stature is insane. But he also had a history of violent, antisocial behavior that eventually culminated in a horrific series of murders. Now, in the cases of, you know, Fraser and Kemper, each had a particular victim type that upon consideration, made sense given their pathology when you could attribute it to that this hardly made residents of Santa Cruz feel safer. But it did kind of suggest that some people were safer than others.


Yeah, that makes sense. Which often happens with these things. And it gave the illusion that as long as residents avoided certain behaviors or activities, they could maybe avoid danger. It reminds you of the son of Sam case. Yes. Where girls were going out and dying their hair. Yes. Yep. Like it, If you see any kind of pattern happening against it, you work, you try to get away from it. Yeah. Now, unfortunately, while Fraser was killing those, he believed to be polluters and harming the environment. And Kemper was killing young women. There was another killer, or you know, perhaps killers at work in the Santa Cruz area. And unlike the victims of Fraser and Kemper, these victims seem to be completely random. Okay. Like chosen completely just like luck of the draw.


Although it would take time for investigators to realize they were dealing with more than one killer. Because there were several going on at once. By early 1973, at least 13, basically unrelated murders committed in Santa Cruz in the preceding year would be now attributed to 26-year-old Herbert Mullin. 26 years old. Yeah. 26 years old. That is so young, right? Yes. Isn't that crazy? Yes. And that's at least 13. Wow. Were attributed to him that they thought were totally unrelated. 'cause it was, there was no pattern here. Right. It was just mayhem, just a whim. So let's talk about Herbert Mullin a little bit. Alrightyy born in Salinas, California in April 14th, 1947.


He, his early life was by most accounts, fairly ordinary and unremarkable. The most remarkable thing about his birth was that it occurred exactly 41 years to the day after the San Francisco earthquake of 1906. Oh. Seems kinda like random to mention that. And you're like, what? Cool. Yeah. But it comes into play in a big, very big way in his behavior later. So hold on to that little nugget. Okay. At home, the Mullin family seemed to be the picture perfect conservative American family. The dad, Martin was a veteran of World War ii. He was stern, he was strict, definitely met the definition of, you know, mid-century American masculinity.


He was just, oh, good. Yeah. Awesome. According to author Ryan Green, quote, Mar Martin did show his son affection where he could, okay. He shared stories with him about his experiences in the war, taught him how to fire a gun, and even engaged in playful boxing matches with the young boy in the kitchen while their dinner was being cooked. So he sounded like he was like a pretty All right dad. Yeah. Oh, so, so Martin Mullin was definitely the head of the households because that's the way it was back then. Yeah. But Herbert's mother, Jean was responsible for much of the children's education and their spirituality. Okay. Jean Mullin was a devout Catholic And she took her faith very seriously.


And she literally, like, she was one of those that I don't want to hear you questioning anything about my beliefs. Yikes. Like, don't question it, believe it. Take what I say as the word and that's it. Whether you have questions or not, I don't want to hear it. That's just not the way to teach anybody anything. Yeah. That's not great. You have to let you have to, because if people have questions about something, answer, you should be able to be able to answer them. Should answer. Yep.


In every great true crime story, there's always a turning point. The moment when somebody decides to change course, usually. Well, here's your chance for a turning point of your own. Meet fme, the flavored air device designed to help you ditch the bad habits and feel good about what you're reaching for. No nicotine, no vapor, no batteries, just an awesome design and flavors like crisp mint, peach blush, and Cinnamon Hearts. Let me tell you about this new alternative to smoking and vaping called Flavored Air. Our sponsor, fme have created an award-winning flavored air device that helps people ditch that bad habit. It was founded on this idea that if we stick to good habits, making a change feels easier and less pressurized. Fme has lots of delicious flavors to choose from. Like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla yum, and new peach blush. Fme has already helped over 400,000 people take steps toward better habits. And now honey, it's your turn to kick off the new year, use our code Morbid to get a free gift with your journey pack head to try fume.com. That's try FU m.com. Use code Morbid to claim this limited time offer today.


Guys, one thing about me is that I love weddings. My wedding was my favorite wedding that I've been to. I'm a little biased, but actually I liked Elena's wedding too a lot. And guess what? We both used Zola. Zola made the wedding planning process one of the easiest things on the planet. Zola has absolutely everything you need to get started planning your wedding from start to finish. My favorite feature that they had, I'm telling you, I signed up for that the night I got engaged and started looking at wedding venues. I was like, let's go. But I looked, I used so many of the features. My favorite one was they created a checklist that started from when I got engaged to the very day of my wedding. Zola is modern wedding planning for modern couples. No lie with Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place. And not only does Zola have every tool you need to make planning enjoyable for making your vendor search non anxie inducing to what wedding websites and an instant registry that you can literally build with one click. They also just really get you from challenging the expectation that one person will do all the planning work to reminding you that there's no right way to do things. Only what's right for you. Zola will have your back from day one to the wedding day. Start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


Now, according to green, she portrayed the outside world as a dangerous and unhappy place where anything could happen. And she was insistent upon bringing the children to church every Sunday. Okay. Which that you're like, you know what? She's, you know, she trying to keep 'em safe. She's for real. Yeah. And she's, And she believes in, in Catholicism. So she's bringing the kids to church every Sunday. Like, okay, But you don't need to teach like your little tiny kids how unsafe and unhappy the world is. That's the thing. You gotta let him have a little bit of, you know, imagination rose colored glasses on for a little while. Right. So young Herbert followed his parents' rules, but he was also pretty smart. Yeah. Like he was a very smart child. That tends to happen. Yeah. And he also asked a lot of challenging questions because as a smart kid, you ask a lot of questions about the world around you.


Yeah. Because you wanna understand more. And he was really questioning when it came to religion, the results of this challenging personality was almost always punishment from his mother who deemed her son to be blasphemous for asking questions. I don't understand what's blasphemous about that. Yeah, you should, especially if he's trying to understand. It's not that he's questioning it like to be a dick. He's just like, I'm, I'm trying to get this, he's just trying to understand it better. Like you should have the answers for him. Right. And help him understand according to green, this is where Mullin's kind of like disordered and paranoid and conspiratorial thinking came from. I mean, yeah. Here is is her, 'cause he basically says he had discovered the truth about the world and he was being punished for it.


Like, so him questioning things that he's seeing, he's being punished for that. So of course he's gonna sit there and be like, what are you all hiding? And of course, yeah. That's gonna create paranoia. Of course. Now, in truth, it's pretty unclear when he started showing signs of mental illness or paranoia. Like nobody knows exactly when it started, but it does appear as though his personality definitely started changing when he entered adolescence, which is pretty common. Yeah. Things really come out at that time. But particularly when it came to his relationship with his parents. So Herb started to believe his parents were sabotaging his attempts at making friends. He even believed so far that his parents were going door to door in the neighborhood asking people to ignore him.


Oh, that's really sad. Yeah. But, and this is wild. Things were very different at school because he was very well liked by his peers and he was regarded as a generally good student, huh. As by his teachers. So he was super successful at school. He was even successful in afterschool sports and like, so he was good at academics and sports. Yeah. And he became one of the school's top athletes. Wow. So he's killing it at school and doing really well in sports. His peers like him and then he goes home and he is being treated like an asshole for asking questions and he doesn't think anybody likes him. Yeah. Even though he is like having positive experiences.


And I don't know if it's like he didn't think anybody liked him in the neighborhood or like people like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like the, then he goes to school and gets like a little more, 'cause I'm not really sure That's interesting. But as he entered his teen years, his conservative worldview that he'd kind of been, had been forced upon him by his parents. Yeah. Started to fade a little bit. And it was giving way to more liberal and pro progressive perspectives of his friends. Like, you know, he was becoming a hippie in the sixties. Yeah. You know, that it was one of those, and he attended San San Lorenzo Valley High School in San Francisco. He had definitely always been a little suspicious of his parents' ideologies. Like as evidenced by him constantly challenging them and questioning them.


Yeah. And this new ideology that he was starting to adopt was only leading to more fights at home, I'm sure. And in turn this further fueled his belief that even his parents disliked him, but his success at school did, you know, make these stressors at home a little easier to cope with. 'cause he was starting to see like, I am getting positive stuff at school. Yeah. So like, I can't be all bad, you know, and he can kind of escape at school. Yeah. And in fact, by the time he was 16 years old, he was voted most likely to succeed in school. Whoa. Yeah. That's chilling. Isn't that wild? Yes. Now any pride that he had in his academic and social performance at school was cut short in 1965. And this is when his best friend Dean Richardson died unexpectedly.


Oh, that's awful. He was only a teenager. Yeah. During the last couple of years in high school, they had become nearly inseparable and they had even been accepted to the same college. Then in early September, Dean, his best friend there was riding his motorcycle with his sister on the back when he was cut off by a driver who crashed into a tree. The driver of the car and his girlfriend were killed instantly. And Dean was transported to the hospital, but ended up dying of his injuries. And on September 9th. That's really sad. Yeah. And Dean's sister Mardine would be the only one that survived that whole crash. Wow. Which is lucky for her being on the back of that bike. Yeah. That's not something that you would expect. No. Now, until Dean's death, Herbert had only demonstrated, you know, some quirky tendencies and, you know, occasionally a challenge what was seen as a challenging personality.


Yeah. Nothing that would really indicate any kind of chronic mental health issue or anything like that. But after Dean died, his grief and inability to manage his emotions became very apparent. According to green, almost overnight his bedroom was converted into a vast shrine for his dead friend. Oh. So to me it sounds like he was just not given the tools to process this. Yeah. And was not given like an open line of communication to process it. Well, it's probably hard too, because he is questioning his religious beliefs and then that's so thing like his spirituality, his friend dies and he's probably just wondering like, where's my friend? Where do I, yeah. Where do I put this grief? Where are they somewhere else? Are they just gone?


Yeah. That's hard. Yeah. Especially at, at any age, but especially at such a young age. Yeah. And hi. Well, in his inability to manage his grief and process it and just to like move forward with his life was taking a toll on his relationships with friends. And even his girlfriend at the time, he had a girlfriend at the time who, And she apparently complained about his obsessive behavior over some dead boy that's callous. Like he's his best friend. Yeah. So, so rather than confront his ongoing difficulty in accepting Dean's death, Herbert explained to his girlfriend that he was becoming homosexual. Okay. It doesn't work like that. Which in his mind was the only possible explanation for his intense emotional reaction.


'cause he just wasn't That's so sad. Taught differently. And you also wonder if that was like projected at home. Well that's, I wonder if that was part of some of the things he would challenge. Yeah. Or question and wasn't getting answers for and was kind of being taught that. And because he made his bedroom like a shrine. Yeah. Who knows how his parents felt about that, you know? Yeah. I think there was a lot of probably confusing things being taught to him. Yeah. So he was just like, oh, well that's what's happening. Right. Like, which is why, 'cause you can love somebody but not be in love with them. Exactly. Think he was clearly confused about his feelings for being Exactly. And he wasn't getting somebody to sit him down and say like, it's okay. Yeah. Like you loved him and that doesn't mean you were in love with him. Right. Unless you know, and If you are great, feel your feelings, you know?


Yeah. But in reality, he was a teenage boy who was forced to confront the existential crisis of death in a particularly cruel and unexpected way. Like this came outta nowhere and he was lacking the emotional tools or support that he needed to manage this. So it's like, of course he's gonna come to some like random conclusions because of it. Yeah. And so his emotions just got away from him, basically. And within a few weeks after the funeral, he started seeking a religious or spiritual path to understand death. So that really was part of the issue. Yeah. Was like, I just don't understand this. That makes sense. Unfortunately. And much to his mother's disappointment, he didn't turn to Catholicism. Instead he turned to Eastern religions and new age spiritual practices that were growing in popularity with young people at the time.


Right. Not surprisingly, the idea of reincarnation was particularly appealing to him. Okay. Because of, you know, the recent loss. Yeah. In the mid 1960s and honestly like pretty much today too, Western audiences had minimal insight into non-Western religions and tended to understand them through the lens of Christianity. The result was essentially a spiritual practice that looked decidedly foreign and mystical, but was otherwise fairly Christian and bad practice. Also, the lack of insight or any kinda like real information into these practices typically meant that white practitioners of these took it upon themselves to just kinda like fill in the gaps with their own ideas and beliefs.


Weight wash it, which like, you know. Yeah. So for Herb, the lack of available information simply meant that he needed to go to Asia to learn more about the practices that he had become so taken with. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Which like at this point you're like, okay, go to Asia. Yeah. Learn about that. Like whatever makes you, you feel good for you. But his parents were not thrilled about his interest in eastern religions and refuse to help him travel there or learn anymore about it. That's dumb. Instead, his father encouraged him to join the military. That will not help because he was arguing, well you could travel and learn more about the real world. But to Herbert a hippie with an interest in progressive ideologies, the idea of joining the military during the ramp up of an immoral foreign war was pretty uncon.


Incomprehensible. Well, and especially somebody already struggling with their emotional stability. Yeah. I don't think that's not a great time to join the military. Definitely not. Instead he turned to drugs and started experimenting heavily with LSD and other hallucinogens just to try to expand his mind. Man. Also, not a great time to do psychedelic drugs, also not a great time. Yeah. I don't think that was the answer that we were looking for here. No. Now under the best of circumstances, hallucinogenic drugs are unpredictable and can have lasting very bad consequences. For Herbert Mullin, a person who'd been showing signs of an early onset psychotic disorder, they almost certainly hasten his downward spiral into complete instability in the years that followed Dean's death, his behavior became increasingly bizarre and inappropriate.


All while his friends and former classmates put more and more distance between themselves and Herbert. In one instance, following his breakup with his high school girlfriend, he approached his older sister to ask for sex. Whoa. Yeah. That, so there's, that happened so fast. Okay. Yeah. That really it, it's popped off right there. So what Herbert's sister told their mother about what had just been asked of her, and Jean Mullin refused to believe that such a thing could be true and decided her daughter was being spiteful in trying to get Herbert in trouble.


That's not the stance you should take on that matter. That's fucked up in a way. I can't even describe Jean Mullin. It's fucked up that that happened to her and that. Yeah. And then her mother was like, her mom was like, you just wanna get Herbert in trouble. You're being spiteful. It's like, damn, you really assume the worst in people girl. Well, and what's worse is in the months after that, the scene repeated itself several times. Oh no. Herb would brazenly proposition his older sister for sex And she would inform her parents each time it's still happening. And Jean and Martin refused to believe their daughter. Why would she keep saying this? Right. Why would she ever say that? Nevermind continue to. And after so long of this, she was like, I can't handle this anymore.


I can't be in this house anymore. So she convinced her boyfriend to marry her so she can move out with him and not piss off her parents. You know, the religious thing of like, you can't move out unless you're getting married. Oh my God, that's poor girl. So she convinced her hu her boyfriend, please marry me so I can get outta here. I gotta get outta here. That is so awful. Now, between his inappropriate sexual behavior, the increasingly bizarre thought patterns and his growing obsession with reincarnation, one would assume it would have occurred to either one of his parents that like, something was wrong here. Yeah. Like, he's not entirely mentally sound right now, but at no point did either parent up till this point attempt to get help for their son or even speak to him about his mental health.


What the fuck? Despite him obviously like devolving tripping balls and losing his mind and Yeah. Sexually assaulting his sister. And in fact, it took until 1969, after four years of his obvious decline, that anyone would do anything to intervene. Wow. I just ignored him before that one afternoon. An anticipation of her herbert's older sister and her new husband coming back for dinner to the house. Jean Mullin asked him to help clean up the house before anyone arrived. And he didn't mind this. Like, he always liked doing that stuff. He said he found it calming, like cleaning, I love of good ti, you know? And not a lot, not a lot of things were calming him at this point.


So he was fine. He did his job. He was happy to do it. And when his sister and her husband arrived a few hours later, at first he was totally fine. Like very docile, very, you know, totally normal. But then his demeanor totally switched because again, he was very polite in greeting everyone as they entered the house. And then all of a sudden Martin noticed that while Herbert was acting normally with everyone else, it appeared that he was perfectly mirroring his brother-in-law's behavior when they interacted. Oh, that's so fucking creepy. Isn't that like beyond chilling? That's chilling. Yes. Oh, what the fuck. Yeah. Later. And that's his sister. Yeah. First of all, his sister was probably losing her mind.


And then the brother-in-law there is probably like, he's probably like, what the fuck? What is going on? Yeah. And it's later, Martin Mullin would describe his behavior, not as malicious or mocking, but as compulsive. And he said quote, almost supernatural to observe what? Now Herbert mimicked his brother-in-law's every move in mannerism, no matter how small, with almost no delay. Like he could anticipate them before it happened. What? And over the course of the dinner, everyone at the table was picking up on this. But it was his mother's reaction that seemed to snap him out of it. Because unlike everyone else at the dinner table who reacted to the display, like, just kinda like nervously, like they said, like literally with like uneasy, like chuckling, kind of like, okay.


Like what, what you doing? Yeah. If they, if they even acknowledged it at all. 'cause some of them were just not gonna even bring it up. Yeah. Jean Mullin went into a near hysterical panic and said her son was possessed. Girl babe. Oh God. He's mentally ill. God. And he needs help. Sounds like she's also mentally ill. Yeah. Now, the next day Jean contacted the family doctor and explained the symptoms that she had seen the night before. She said, I think he's possessed by the devil. Yeah. And what kills me is like, she calls the next day and talks about the what had happened at the dinner table the night before. And then she starts talking about like, yeah, actually his, you know, this has been happening since his final year of high school.


And like after his best friend died, it really got bad. And it's like, why are you just telling the dog? Just so you have noticed? Yeah. Like it's like, so you're not in this blind blur, haze of like not seeing it. You've seen it. You just didn't wanna acknowledge it. That generation loved to ignore things. Oh they did. The generation of ignoring


This episode is brought to you by IQ A. Our exclusive snack sponsor IQ A is the better for you. Plant protein-based snack made with brain boosting nutrients to refuel, nourish, and to satisfy hunger without the sugar crash IQ bar's, plant protein bars are packed with high quality ingredients to help keep you physically and mentally fit. IQ Bar is totally free from gluten, dairy, soy, GMOs, and artificial sweeteners for a natural anytime snack. You can try any of their nine dio. So flavors including mint chocolate chip, chocolate, sea salt, banana nut, toasted coconut chip, lemon, blueberry, and peanut butter chip. And with over 20,005 star reviews and counting, more people than ever are starting their days on the right foot with IQ bars, brain and body boosting bars, hydration mixes, and mushroom coffees IQ Bar was nice enough to send all of us their ultimate sampler pack. The flavor that immediately stood out to me that I literally just finished eating is the peanut butter chip. That was real good. And right now, IQ Bar is offering our special podcast listeners 20% off all IQ bar products. Plus get free shipping to get your 20% off text Morbid to 64,000. Text Morbid to 64,000. That's Morbid to 64,000. Message and data rates may apply. See terms for details. IQ bars are really yummy.


Hi, this is Steve Busi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite media in association with all of productions comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who wasn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there. Well, who steals bees? I was Duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen On Apple Podcasts,


The doctor agreed that this was, this behavior was definitely strange. And he was like, you know what, there's definitely a diagnosis here. But he said he couldn't be certain until Herbert was admitted to a psychiatric hospital for observation and evaluation. Okay. Now to Jean, the doctor's suggestion was actually, which I was surprised by, was a comfort to her because she was like, you know what a solution to the problem. He's gonna agree to the evaluation, we'll get him diagnosed and get him medicated. Okay. And like every, which I was like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Jean, you should have done this a little, a little before this, but, okay. Martin Mullin on the other hand, was a much harder sell on the idea of having his son brought to a hospital for somebody who is mentally ill.


How he saw it. Yeah. In a relatively more conservative era, such treatments were heavily stigmatized and those who were diagnosed with a mental illness were often treated as completely dysfunctional by society. Yep. And you know, we still see that Yeah. For that matter, Martin wasn't even convinced that his son was mentally ill. He definitely is. Which is like, babe, if he's copying your every fucking move of your son-in-law at the dinner table, something's up. Well, and you can see it in his response later when he says that the mirroring almost looks supernatural. Yeah. It wasn't, that's a very religious way of looking at it, where it's, I think he was possessed and not he, he wasn't, he is suffering from a mental illness and needs a lot of help.


Right. And the thing is, if Martin didn't believe that Herbert was mentally ill, they weren't gonna, Herbert get, did not believe he was either. Right. Because if his father is saying he's not, he's not. And his mom's just hysterical. Exactly. And, and, and in fact, as far as Herbert could tell, he was the one person in the house with the greatest clarity while everyone else seemed to be the ones with the psychiatric issues. Oh, that's so scary. Yeah. In the few years following his graduation from high school, his paranoia seemed to have kind of faded for a little while. Especially when he was doing well and had other stuff to focus on. He needed something to focus on. The talk of hospitalization, which was invariably, you know, heated and intense, brought the suspicion and paranoia back with full force.


It's, this was not, whenever this got brought up, it just made him more and more questioning everything around him. Yeah, that makes sense. He quickly surmised that his parents weren't interested in his mental health and wellbeing and instead they were conspiring with his dockter to have him committed and removed from their home. Okay. That's, that's how he viewed it. Now, despite his suspicions, he did eventually consent to seeing a psychiatrist. Basically he was doing it just to prove to his mother that he wasn't mentally ill. So she would leave him alone. After all he believed he was the more enlightened one and everyone else around him was just bonkers. And as soon as the doctor saw that, you know, she was gonna put jean's mind at ease and we were gonna put this all behind us and everybody will be fine.


But of course things did not work out that way. Almost immediately the staff at Mendocino State Hospital recognized that his behavior and disorder thinking were symptoms of schizophrenia. I was wondering, and he was committed for observation. What followed was several years of very frustrating treatment. Doctors were never certain whether Herb Herbert was trustworthy. Like when he was reporting things or whether his paranoid persona personality was causing him to provide inaccurate information. Okay. It was very difficult, especially at that time. It was difficult for them to like weed through what he was reporting to them. You know what I mean? Like it, they do become, these kind of patients can become an unreliable source narrator.


Yeah. Of what's going on. Especially back then when it was very like unknown. There's a limited understanding unknown. Yeah. Like it was unknown, like the ins and outs and deep things about this particular Yeah. That makes sense. Now, the extent of herbs treatment during this period is not super clear. But between 1969 and 1972, he was committed to five different hospitals each time he would be discharged. Once doctors determined he was no danger to himself or others. Damn. That's a lot of, yeah. Hospitalizations a lot of hospitals and be, you know, while we may not know exactly what transpired during all of these periods of hospitalization, what is known is that while he was hospitalized at Mendocino State Hospital, he first report reported his concerns in paranoia around earthquakes.


Huh. That's when it first came out during the first hospitalization. He casually mentioned his certainty that there would be another earthquake in California in the near future. At the time, hospital staff were like, okay, whatever. And like, you know, we're not gonna pay attention to this. But years later, many would wish that they had. Now during, and we'll get back to that, don't worry. During his period of repeated hospitalizations, Herbert Mullin was mostly compliant and he was pretty honest during most of those. But he also loathed being confined and being accountable in any way, shape, or form to authority. And the longer he was hospitalized, the more defiant he became.


He started compliant, became defiant. Yeah. And the more experience he gained in the hospital system, the more he learned about what he needed to say in order to convince the psychiatrist that he was no longer a danger to anyone. Yep. This meant that while he continued to describe symptoms of schizophrenia, he left out descriptions of command hallucinations. Oh. Particularly any that might result in a long hospital stay. That's really scary. Now, after being discharged in the later spring of 1972, he went to San Francisco and tried to join an art collective there, but his behavior made the others uncomfortable and he was asked to leave. Oh. So we went back home to his parents' house in Felton and everyone, you know, behaved as though nothing had ever happened to disrupt the family.


That's such a good way of like coping with things. Just pretend they never happened. Totally. Just sweep that under the rug. Yeah. It always works. We don't need to talk through it. It's cool. Yeah. Quietly, however, Herbert once again became fixated on mysticism and the concepts of reincarnation and sacrifice. I hate that. Yeah. Reincarnation, great. Sacrifice. Sacrifice is not, not great. So what he believed was the war in Vietnam had resulted in so much death and destruction that he believed the gods had been appeased by that sacrifice. Oh no. Thereby that's how they had avoided any major natural disasters. Oh wow. That that kind of disa like violence and destruction was stopping the natural disasters from happening again.


That is some disordered thinking right there. Yeah. But by late 1972, the war was showing signs of slowing as the American public, you know, grew weary of a losing battle to Herbert. The end of the war meant the end of voluntary sacrifice. And he became certain that unless more sacrifices were made, an earthquake would wipe California off the map completely. Oh my God. So you can see how he got there. Oh my God. Now it wasn't just fears that led Herbert to believe California was in danger of mass destruction. The voices in his head had for some time been telling him that. Yeah. From a very early age, Herbert was struck by the fact that he had been born exactly 41 years after the San Francisco earthquake of 1906, which was a natural disaster that destroyed nearly all of San Francisco and killed thousands of people.


It was a horrible, horrible disaster. Yeah. Over time, that fascination of him being born at that like, you know, 41 years after to the day it became warped and worked into Herbert's delusion so that he came to believe that it was his responsibility to prevent earthquakes. Like it all fell on him. 'cause of when he was born, I was like, dude, what significance would 41 have? That's, and he, and he believed in order to do this, he had to make sacrifices. Oh, I hate this. Yeah. I never, yeah, I've never heard this case before. Like I know I've heard the name now I know. I have never heard this case. Now, his killing spree was largely driven by, you know, delusions.


Yeah. Mental illness. But that didn't mean he didn't want at least some recognition for the quote unquote project he was planning to undertake. Not a project. Yeah. However, herb knew, if he told his parents or doctors about his thoughts and hallucinations, they would send him back to the hospital and he wouldn't be able to fulfill his mission. Which to me, like I have to wonder if that's shows some sense of he knows what he's doing is wrong and that will, he will be sent back to the hospital for it. I feel like it's so hard with, I don't know enough about it, a case like that because I think it's like he knows what he's doing is wrong by so society's standards. He, but he doesn't hold himself to those standards. Yeah. So that makes sense. 'cause he's here for a higher purpose.


There you go. So that, that's the thing. That's what, this is an interesting one. Yeah. So he didn't wanna tell anybody about it. And instead he started sending rambling letters to anonymous recipients around California making vague allusions to what he planned to do. And then would sign each letter, a human sacrifice, Herbert Mullin, huh. And like that, that signature is definitely unsettling. Oh yeah. A human sacrifice. But apparently the contents of the letter must not have been too alarming. 'cause no one reported them to the authorities. Anybody signs off a letter. Human sacrifice. You're getting reported. Yeah, you're getting reported, buddy. Now, on the afternoon of October 13th, Herbert got in his car and went out for a drive.


And he wasn't headed anywhere in particular, but by then he had spent months thinking about his plan to save California. And it was finally time to put the plan into action. I hate this. So he decided to just let the road take him wherever he was meant to go. Oh Christ. And he left Santa Cruz in the direction of the mountains, believing that his first sacrifice would definitely be found there. And as he drove casually down Highway nine, the voices in his head grew stronger. And by the time he entered Ring Rincon, I believe it is, they were practically shouting at him. 'cause that's when he saw what he appeared to be in, you know, what he thought to be a homeless man walking down the side of the road to Herbert who had let the voices and the, you know, fates guide him thus far.


There was no question that this man on the side of the road was his first sacrifice. Oh no. So he drove past the man on the side of the road, then rounded a bend in the road and pulled off to the side of the highway, got out, opened to the hood of his car and gave the impression of car trouble. Oh man. Now this man who was walking down the road was Lawrence White. He was 55 years old and that year had not been great for him. Yeah. He had struggled to get himself, you know, back on his feet, try to find somewhere to live, trying to find work. And he often found himself on the wrong end of the law. For one trivial reason or another. Just a few weeks earlier, in mid-September, he had been in custody at the Santa Cruz County Jail when a riot broke out among the inmates.


And you know, shit was destroyed. Mattresses were burned. It was a crazy wi riot. And several of the guards and inmates were assaulted. Later, the county jail representative George Foster, told reporters, you get a young guy who shoots off his mouth and the other inmates and nail him. They take out their frustrations and the only way they know how with violence. Now, during that riot, Lawrence was struck in the head and lost consciousness. So he had spent the last couple of weeks, once he got out of the jail. 'cause he was in there for like trivial reasons, not like, yeah, not not long sentence. Right. So he had spent the last couple weeks at a rehab center near La, LA Selva Beach before being discharged, just back onto the street.


Despite all his recent troubles, though, he wasn't one to turn away someone in need. Oh. So when he saw, you know, Herbert's old Chevy station wagon pulled off to the side of the road, he approached and said, can I help? Like what's going on? As it turned out, he actually knew a thing or two about cars, and especially Chevys in particular. So it was helpful. So he introduced himself and he is like, let me take a look under the hood. And you know, and so Herbert was like, you know what, in exchange for your help, I'll drive you wherever you need to go. Oh no. Now at first, Lawrence checked, you know, all the usual spots, making sure the engine had enough oil, all that stuff. And while he was continuing to look under the hood, Herbert crept around to the back of the car and got a baseball bat.


He'd stashed in the trunk. His plan was to knock Lawrence unconscious, then stab him in the heart. And the reason he was gonna do this was 'cause that's how he saw sacrifices happen in movies or books. Stab him in the heart. Okay. That was always his like, I need to stab them in the heart. Apparently he wouldn't need to go through all that trouble. Because when Herbert returned to the front of the vehicle, Lawrence had just about finished under the hood and was, you know, about to tell him like, I didn't find anything wrong with it. And Herbert struck him with the bat in the back of the head as hard as he could knocking him to the ground. Herbert struck him in the head three more times while he was on the ground. And the blows from the bat didn't just incapacitate Lawrence White, they shattered the back of his skull.


Oh God. And it actually pushed shards of bone into his brain and he was killed instantly. Oh my God. Now with Lawrence dead, Herbert had prevented apparently another catastrophic earthquake, and in his mind saved millions of people. No. So he felt confident that he had done the right thing. Wow. This is insane. Yeah. So he threw the bat back in the trunk, closed the hood, and then he dragged Lawrence White's body into a nearby brush and got back in the car and just headed home. Jesus Christ. Now a few days later, Lawrence White's battered body would be discovered in the woods along the side of Highway nine that he was discovered by a passing driver who reported it to the police.


The death was labeled a homicide. The results of several blow blows to the head by quote, a narrow, blunt instrument. But it would be several months before they learned any of the details of Lawrence's death. With no next of kin or state to contact, Lawrence's remains were turd at Oakwood Memorial Park at the expense of the state. That's so sad. Which is so sad.


Did you know that when your metabolism is working properly, you'll feel benefits in literally every aspect of your life? Now there's a groundbreaking tool that takes the guesswork out of metabolic health. Introducing Lumen, the world's first handheld metabolic coach. Because your metabolism is at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to a bunch of benefits, including easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and better sleep. Lumen gives you recommendations to improve your metabolic health. It can also track your cycle as well as the onset of menopause, and adjust your recommendations to keep your metabolism healthy through hormonal shifts so you can keep up your energy and stave off cravings. The warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/ Wondery to get 15% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ Wondery for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Now, after Lawrence's murder, Mullin expected to feel some sense of relief. You know, he had lived up to what the voices in his head were telling him to do. He had fulfilled his end of the bargain to say, you know, to stave off the impending earthquake. But he said he still felt a sense of unease and dreads that he couldn't shake. And then he realized why? He was like, oh, well the Vietnam War had cost hundreds of thousands of lives, so it really doesn't seem reasonable that one sacrifice is gonna be enough to do this. Oh man. And there was another new concern too, because since killing Lawrence White, his delusional thinking had beco had come to include the frightening belief that the earth was being rapidly polluted.


And that now he had to go after people for that. Okay. And he was believing that like people, their bodies were polluting the earth. Dear God. Which this next one is horrific. Okay. They all are. But this one is particularly, particularly ome. On October 24th, just 10 days. Yeah. Damn. After the murder of Lawrence White Herbert was out for a drive along May Avenue in Santa Cruz, and he spotted 24-year-old Mary Gilfoyle hurrying down the sidewalk. Apparently Mary had an appointment at the Cabri, I think it's the Cabrillo College Department of Human Resources. And she was running late. So she was so relieved when Herbert pulled up beside her in his station wagon and offered her a ride.


It was becoming risky to hitchhike at that point, like known to be risky, to hitchhike. But he looked pretty ordinary. He just looked like a hippie. Yeah. Like he didn't look like particularly frightening. Yeah. And you know, she, she had taken rides before from like older men who had stopped and those were much scarier. Yeah. So she decided to take a chance. The two drove apparently in silence for a short time, and then she started to talk nervously. And you know, Herbert just kind of continued to drive, kind of appearing to, like he said, he was kind of like ignoring her. And then he was fumbling with something down by his side. Okay. And Mary had just opened her mouth to speak when his right hand shot up from his hip towards her, and he plunged a hunting knife into her chest and hit her heart immediately.


Oh my. Killed her instantly. Jesus. He continued driving, as you know, she's bleeding profusely in the 'cause. He hit her heart. Yeah. Bleeding profusely in the front seat. And he pulled the knife out of her chest And she slumped forward and he stabbed her twice in the back as well. Geez. And she fell to the floor. Now with Mary, now dead. Herbert drove out to the mountains and found a turnoff where there appeared to be no cars and no evidence that cars had been there for some time. And after parking the car, he dragged Mary's body out about 125 yards into a wooded area, laid her on the ground beneath a bunch of trees, and then decided that sacrificing her would slow the rapid, rapid pollution of the world.


So he decided he needed to go a step further to make sure that occurred because she was going to be the sacrifice that would stop the pollution of the world. So to make sure that this sacrifice was correct, he sliced open her body expecting to find evidence of pollution inside of her. What the fuck? When he didn't see any immediate traces of pollution, he began digging with his hands first into her intestines, then in her chest cavity. Oh my God. And eventually he accepted that there was no pollution. So he stood up, wiped the blade of the knife clean and returned to the car and thought, well, this'll keep us safe for a little while.


Oh my God. Yeah. Holy shit. Gruesome. Like so brutal. And didn't find any quote unquote evidence of pollution. Still said, but still felt like it. It was fine. I think we're good. Yeah. Now, for months, Herbert Mullin had been certain, the voices in his head were guiding him on a mission to save mankind from disaster. And no one could convince him otherwise. But after the murder of Mary Gilfoyle, he wasn't as certain in his divine guides as he'd once been. Yeah. 'cause again, he didn't find what he was thinking he would find. Right. Because if Mary had been the one responsible for all the pollution in the world, should he have not seen evidence of that in her body?


Now, the tension between what he believed to be true and what he saw around him was causing him to grow very anxious and frustrated and irritable. He had killed two people, sacrifices to prevent the end of mankind. And though he was now less convinced that he had done it correctly or done the right thing. Okay. So those tensions and frustrations led to more arguments with his parents. 'cause remember, he's still living at home. Right. Which in turn led to further drug use, which in turn led to worsening mental health. Yeah. When he asked his mother what she thought he should do to calm his unrest, she gave the same answer. She always gave him Turn to the Lord. I don't think that will always help.


This ended up being a statement that is so chilling when you find out what happens. Oh no. Because she said, turn to the Lord. And in the past, whenever she would, you know, that's, she would give that answer, he would dismiss the church in Western religion as another tool to control the masses. But this time he decided, yes, I will turn to the Lord. Oh God. Now on the afternoon of November 2nd, just one week after the murder of Mary Gilfoyle, Herbert went to St. Mary's Catholic Church in Los Gatos. He later claimed he had gone to the church simply to confess his sins. But he also went there with a hunting knife tucked inside his jacket pockets.


So you take what you will from that, Probably not just confessing sins. When he walked inside, he went through the Catholic routine, he'd learned as a child, you know, dipping his hand in the thing, crossing himself with the holy water, and then kneeling to pay tribute to the altar. Okay. After finishing this whole routine, he noticed that there was a little light glowing above the confessional booth. And so he went towards it. But he was hesitant to go inside and, you know, take a seat opposite a priest. Yeah. He was a little nervous. Now, inside the confessional St. Mary's assistant pastor, father Henry Tome could hear like a little bit of what was going on. He's like, somebody's out there. So he was wondering what was happening.


Father Tome slipped the lock on his side of the confessional and swung the door open to find a very disheveled Herbert Mullin standing before him. Now, before Father Tome could even open his mouth, Herbert pulled the hunting knife from his jacket and thrust it upward into the priest's chest. Oh my God. The force of it sent both of them tumbling backwards into the open confessional where Father Tome desperately struggled to get out from underneath Herbert Mullin. Now, Herbert didn't understand what was happening because he had stabbed this man in the chest, just like he had stabbed Mary Gilfoyle a week before. And assumed he'd stabbed him in the heart. But he didn't just die. Like, why is he struggling?


So he pulled the knife from the priest's chest and Herbert lost his grip on the knife and it fell onto the floor. And as he leaned down to pick it up, he felt something in his head because Father Tome kicked him in the side of the head as hard as he could, just above his ear. But unfortunately, Herbert Mullin was too quick. And as Father Tome tried to get up and flee, Herbert rushed at him again, bringing the knife down for a second time, and then a third and then a fourth. And finally the priest was dead. Oh my. Oh. Father tome lay half in and half out of a confessional booth. Oh, that's so disturbing. So Herbert tried to push the man's leg into the booth to cover up his crime.


And as he was struggling to get father to me's body inside of the confessional booth, he thought he heard a person scream. So he turned around and no one was there, but he was like, I, he was certain that he heard footsteps running out of the church. So he decided he shouldn't waste any more time. And he wiped the blood from his knife, put it back where he had gotten it, and he quickly ran out of the church and got to his car and drove the 20 minutes back to Santa Cruz. Now, at the time, herb had wondered whether the scream he'd heard followed by the footsteps had been in his head. Yeah. 'cause he knows that something is awry. Right. But what he had heard was a real scream of terror from Margaret Reed who'd walked into the church and caught a glimpse of Herbert trying to force the pre priest's dead body back into the confessional.


Oh my. Can you imagine seeing that Cannot will knock. The footsteps were, because Reed ran the fuck out of the church to the rectory where she pounded on the door of the senior priest. Rich Father Richard and Reid explained what she'd just seen, and Holly instructed his secretary to call an ambulance. While that was going on, Reid and Holly returned to the church and Father Holly administered extreme unction, which is last rights to Father to May, who was his friend. Awful. You know, like, which is really sad. The ambulance arrived a few minutes later, but it was too late. Father Tome was pronounced dead a few minutes after 4:00 PM He's just out here doing his job serving.


And it's even worse because what we find out is that I don't even think he was supposed to be there that day. Oh yeah. Yeah. My God. I hate when things like when you hear something like that, oh, it's awful. Now in Southern California, the unsolved murder of, you know, this, this man, Lawrence White, who didn't have any next to kin, had been dealing with like, kind of like a tough time. Yeah. And was in and out of, you know, incidents, very trivial incidents with the law. It didn't get a lot of attention with the press, unfortunately. Of course. No. And honestly, weirdly, neither did the disappearance of a young co-ed college student. She ha Mary Gilfoyle has not been found. Right. Because a lot of people thought she had just run away voluntarily.


It was the time. Yeah. But the brutal murder of a priest in the day in a church confessional, I mean that's got a lot of elements. That's gonna I get that. I get that. It was, it definitely caught everyone's attention. Yeah. I mean that's, that's one you're gonna go, what Very sad that the other two things didn't. But you can very much understand why this, why this would, I'm not saying the other two shouldn't, but like this one definitely makes sense. Right. The next day, the Associated Press reported on the death of the 68-year-old French priest. According to Margaret Reed, she'd entered the church just In time to see quote, a young assailant kicking and striking the priest. Oh. Now, as expected, father Tomas death prompted a large investigation as investigators combed the city looking for anything that pointed to a suspect, according to Father, to me's housekeeper.


Like I said, he hadn't planned on being at the church that afternoon. He had only stopped in to see if anyone was there waiting to give confession. Wow. So this is both, it's two things. It's very sad. And two, it made it clear that the killer hadn't expected him to be there. Right. So this wasn't planned. Detective Sergeant Jim Shea told reporters so far, there does not appear to be any motive at all for this killing. And they also hadn't found a murder weapon or identified even a potential suspect. And a few days later, detectives and attendants at Tomas funeral started scanning the faces and body language of more than 700 attendees at his funeral. Wow.


So he was obviously well loved. Yeah. And they were hoping that the man's killer might be among them. 'cause that does happen. That happens a lot. But they didn't find anyone suspicious. Like the murders of Lawrence White and Mary Gilfoyle. The murder of Father Henry Tome appeared completely motiveless and baffled investigators who simply couldn't fathom, who would kill a priest in the daytime in a church and stuff him in a confessional. But while they may not have understood the killer's motive, they did understand the dangers of having a killer on the loose. And a vigorous investigation was then launched at the same time. Mary Gilfoyle's parents had hired a private detective to track their daughter down who was still missing. That's so sad. 'cause the police thought she was a wrong.


Yeah. Now, investigator Bill Tubs said it appears that she probably was picked up as a, as a hitchhiker. There's just no logical place she could have gone except for her stated destination. But she just never arrived there. Now, between the intensification of the investigations and Herbert Mullen's growing discomfort with what he'd done now, 'cause he's still not feeling like he's doing what he's supposed to, he decided to slow down and develop a strategy. He knew he still needed to offer sacrifices to hold off the impending disaster and gain the approval of the voices that guided him, which had come to include his father's voice. He said what? But he thought there had to be a more morally righteous way other than murder.


And we will get to that in part two. Marina. Oh Lord Marna. He is. This is a scary mother fucker. Yeah. This is scary. And it's also just really sad that this all Oh, it's so sad. Could have been avoided had he been properly medicated. He needed to be hospitalized, medicated, he needed intensive help. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Because also this entire time he's sitting here saying, I don't know if I'm doing the right thing. But he's still doing it. 'cause he has this like intense belief that there's voices telling him. Yeah, yeah. This, it's, it's such a, it's a very interesting case because of how layered it is. Right. It's so sad though.


It is really sad. I mean, these people were just, Lawrence White was just walking down the street and stopped to help someone when he was down on his luck. Yeah. That's the thing. Like he was down on his luck was still gonna help someone and he still took time out of his while walking down the street, not even to a home to stop and help somebody. Yeah. And it's like Mary Gilfoyle was just running late to an appointment her whole life in front of her. Well that's, it's like we were saying, it's so sad, like when somebody's not supposed to be there, it's like if she, she was just running late. Like she shouldn't even there she was been there there, you know, you know. And then Father Tome be there, not even supposed be at the church, but he stopped in case people needed confession. Wow. Ugh. Like it's really sad. It's awful. Yeah.


Alright. It's awful. Well, we'll hear more of the awful in part two. Yeah. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. You know not to keep it this weird. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Cory and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into the survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds, we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the T Cave Rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines, they're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the Odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today.