Wondery Plus (0s):
Hey weirdos. Before we unleash today's Macab mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad-free layer. With early access to episodes, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.

1 (15s):
You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.

Amazon Prime (21s):
We get support from Amazon Prime. Hey weirdos. You know what's literally the most amazing thing ever? Amazon Prime Listen up. 'cause this is gonna blow your minds with Prime. You get faster than lightning delivery. Unlike everything we're talking millions of items. Literally everything you could ever want or need. But wait, there's more. There's more than everything you could want or need. Prime video lets you binge all those shows we're obsessed with, and Amazon Music has all the bops for your next dance party. I have been ordering a little bit on Prime lately. I had to get some earplugs the other night because my husband was a snoring, snore, snore in. And I said, please send them to me the very next day. And they did. That was great. Loved that. Whether you're a total bookworm, a gaming fanatic, or you just really like trying new things or sleeping through the night without your husband snore in waking you up. Prime's got your back. EBooks for days free in game goodies and everything you need to make your next DIY project from streaming to shopping. It's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you are into.

Edible Arrangements (1m 23s):
Oh honey, one of my favorite things in the world is an edible arrangement. It's the perfect go-to gift for somebody else or even yourself. I just said, I'm gonna get myself one. Edible Arrangements works for any occasion hosting, thank you celebrations, birthdays, apologies. A pick me up. Treat for yourself because it's more than just fruit. It's chocolate dipped fruit arrangements. There's new dessert boards. You can even actually get fresh flowers, balloons, cookies, classic strawberries and more Edible Arrangements is a one stop gift shop. The quality is fricking out of this world. They will leave an impression. The treats are handmade, they're fresh, they're delicious, they are impressive. And I love how fast and flexible the delivery is. Options include next day, same day. That's where I'm at. Oh, actually jokes. I'm at one hour delivery. Use promo code morbid 10 to save $10 on your order, over $59. Offer ends December 31st, 2024 at 1159 Eastern Standard time. Additional terms and conditions apply. See site for details and go order yourself an edible arrangement. Because I'm literally going to the second I stop talking.

0 (2m 31s):
Hey weirdos, I am Ash

3 (2m 33s):
And I am Alina.

0 (2m 35s):
And this is Morbid.

4 (2m 50s):
This

3 (2m 50s):
Is morbid or bad. I dunno. My, we had to run out of, out of the, we literally just ran out of the house. We had to run out for a minute. Oh yeah. And when we came back, Mikey had cleaned the entire studio and lit candles.

0 (3m 7s):
And the vibe in here is just a Zi times better.

3 (3m 11s):
So Right. It was like the greatest thing in the entire world. I feel so relaxed.

0 (3m 15s):
No, I feel so much better. I'm ordering Panera as we speak and it's about to this, this vibe today is about to go crazy.

3 (3m 22s):
It's imm lot.

0 (3m 25s):
Imm lot.

3 (3m 26s):
I'm also feeling, I'm feeling very much in the slasher summer vibe. Me too. Because I wanna live in it.

0 (3m 33s):
I think it's been so like gloomy. Yeah. And a little bit chilly, which is nice. Oh yeah. And you've been wearing like, we've all been wearing comfy sweatshirts and ings. Yep. Ys. So we put our Ys and our ings and it just feels spooky.

3 (3m 47s):
Yeah. And I keep getting, And I mean, tiktoks always feeding me my, my vibes that I need.

0 (3m 51s):
Halfway to Halloween.

3 (3m 52s):
The halfway to Halloween and like slasher summer kind of shit.

0 (3m 55s):
I'm getting a lot of that. I think. 'cause you keep saying it in my presence. Yeah. It's getting me, but I'm not mad

3 (3m 59s):
In such a mood for it. Yeah. Like I need it. Yeah. I'm craving it. And now I want to watch all the things like the summer slasher things I wanna read all the summer slasher things.

0 (4m 13s):
I just watched her a pretty good one actually. At your recommendation for Scream? For Scream. We're gonna be recording it today, so it'll be out in like a couple weeks. But it's called hell of a summer. It was really good. Yeah, it's, it's the 20 25 1. I think there's a couple movies that are called Hell of a Summer. It's brand new, but it just came out in April. It was funny. It was, I thought it was fun. It looked

3 (4m 30s):
Fun when I saw it. That's why I haven't watched it yet. But it like, that's why I suggested it to you. Yeah. 'cause when I saw it, I was like, that's got the vibes. Yeah. It feels like it's like campy literally. It is. It is

0 (4m 42s):
Campy in in every sense of the

3 (4m 44s):
Word. Yeah. Campy, like fun slasher where you can laugh and also just kinda like bop along to it. Yeah. I love those kind of things. Yeah.

0 (4m 52s):
I suggest it. Definitely go to scream and listen to our episode to get our full opinion. Yeah.

3 (4m 57s):
I'm excited to watch it.

0 (4m 58s):
Let's go girl.

3 (4m 60s):
But yeah, I don't, I'm trying to think if there's any more fun. If you're looking to pre-order the butcher game and paperback, because paper books are great. Who doesn't fucking love a paperback? You know what I mean? You can put that shit anywhere. You can put it in your back pocket.

0 (5m 14s):
I love when you say that you can put a paperback anywhere. I don't know. Yeah. It's just a crazy,

3 (5m 18s):
You can literally put it anywhere, but you're not wrong. It's, it's easier sometimes to carry in like a bag. Or people love to shove a book in their back pocket.

0 (5m 27s):
Do they?

3 (5m 27s):
Yeah. I've seen it a lot. Jess Mariano used to do it in Gilmore Girls and

0 (5m 31s):
They just move. And

3 (5m 32s):
I think that really laid the groundwork for me that people do that.

0 (5m 36s):
I think that imp I think that imprinted on your soul. I don't think anyone else does that. Because I was like, I don't think I've ever seen anyone put a book in their back pocket. No. And actually I feel like that would make, I feel like that would make you pretty angry.

3 (5m 47s):
Yeah. I wouldn't do it. I

0 (5m 48s):
Can't even dog your A page without you dogging

3 (5m 50s):
On me. Well, I'm also, I'm a hardcover girl. Oh, okay. So it's like this, this, honestly, I have no business commenting on a paperback conversation. But you can comment on your own paperback. But I can give you a paperback there you that I wrote. There you go. So like, there you go. There you go. Take it. And you should definitely pre-order it and grab it. You can pre-order it anywhere you wanna, you feel you in your soul that you wanna buy a book, whatever bookstore or book outlet feels right to you. Yeah. And feels lovely to you. Do that. Go crazy. I support it. Go crazy. Especially smaller indie bookstores. They're like, blah, I love a small indie bookstore. And if you need like a list of them, you can go to the butcher game.com and there's like a little list of, it'll bring you to different places.

3 (6m 36s):
But yeah, go do that because you really wanna catch up on the story because who knows why, who knows what's coming down the pike. Who knows why you might wanna catch up on this story. I don't, I I don't know anything Who can be Sure. You know, who knows question mark. So I don't know, maybe, maybe hang on to that information. Maybe, you know, I don't know. But go catch up on it. And a paperback is a great way to do that. It's true. So, so let's go girls. Let's G oh oh oh oh oh. Boop. BB boop boop. Today we're gonna be, we're gonna do a two pad here, ADA.

3 (7m 16s):
And it's just because there's like a lot going on. Yeah. This is a wild one. This is The Mad Bomber of New York. Okay. It did happen in the 1940s, but like, just because it happened in the 1940s doesn't mean it's not an insane story. In fact, it might make it more insane. It might make it, And I think it does. This is a very interesting one. Any New Yorkers? I wonder if you guys like know about this, have heard about it. Maybe family members told you about it. It's seems like New York was really put through it during this. Oh man. So this started, it was In the fall of 1940 when an employee of the Consolidated Edison Company in Manhattan discovered a bomb in the company's main offices.

3 (7m 59s):
Shit. Along with a note that said Con Edison Crooks, this is for you. Oh damn. The bomb was discovered before it detonated and no one was harmed. That's good. But a year later the company received a second bomb, followed by a note to the NYPD where Th Bomber announced that he was gonna make no more Bombas for the duration of World War ii. But then he would begin again after the war ended. So this motherfucker's playing a long game. Oh yeah. Playing a, you don't call him The Mad Bomber for nothing. No. The Mad Bombas. It was literally a reign of terror on New York. It lasted for a long time. Remember this is the fall of 1940. He was not, he ends up being captured luckily.

3 (8m 40s):
So don't worry New York good news. But he was captured in 1957. Oh wow. It was a lot. And when they finally got him, he, him as a person and his motives didn't make a lot of sense to New York. It's always,

0 (8m 55s):
Always interesting when that happens.

3 (8m 57s):
Yeah. And they lived in fear of what was going on here. So in the early afternoon of November 18th, 1940, the dus sergeant at the 20th squad of the NYPD received a call from a very anxious employee of, like we mentioned before, the Consolidated Edison Company, con Ed, we'll call it. Oh no, not Con Ed. On, on West 64th Street. According to the caller, one of the Con Ed employees was on a break when he noticed a little, you know, wooden toolbox just sitting unattended on a window ledge on the second floor. I'm glad he thought this was a little weird because if he had just ignored it, it would've been a big problem. Can

0 (9m 36s):
You imagine finding a fucking bomb on your break? No. You're just on lunch.

3 (9m 39s):
You're just on lunch

0 (9m 40s):
And you're just trying to get away from everybody.

3 (9m 41s):
Yeah. You're just trying to take a minute away from your fucking job and

0 (9m 44s):
Then you have a bomb on your shoulders.

3 (9m 46s):
Then you're like, now I have to report a bomb. That's

0 (9m 47s):
A lot.

3 (9m 48s):
I just wanted to have my egg salad sandwich, you

0 (9m 51s):
Know. Oh, that sounds good. It

3 (9m 52s):
Does. So when the man approached the toolbox, he saw that it contained a four and a half piece of iron pipe, which was capped in both ends, which like immediately not good. And when he looked closer at it, he found a small piece of paper wrapped around it. So this person unwrapped the paper. Damn,

0 (10m 9s):
That's pretty. Which is brave as fuck. Pretty

3 (10m 11s):
Brave and like

0 (10m 12s):
Ballsy.

3 (10m 13s):
Don't do that. Yeah. Like

0 (10m 14s):
Don't do that. If ever you find a strange looking.

3 (10m 16s):
Yeah. Don't touch it. Just

0 (10m 17s):
Report it. Wooden in books. Yeah. Yeah.

3 (10m 19s):
And found a, on that piece of paper, he found that it was a note written in neat block print that read Con Edison Crooks. This is for you a second line of text underneath it. It was written in a core gray substance apparently. Ew. And it read, there is no shortage of Powder Boys. And the note was simply signed fp

0 (10m 42s):
So was he saying powder boys or was he saying boys, there's no shortage of pow

3 (10m 47s):
Powder. I think Powder boys. Powder Boys. One wonder. So I think he's calling these Bombas maybe Powder Boys. Oh, it's like a pipe bomb. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. The implications of the note obviously sent the employee into a full panic and he carefully set the toolbox down on the window. So, 'cause remember, this man is now holding this pipe bomb fuck. And he ran it. Luckily it didn't detonate. And he ran to the phone and called the police. Later when the note was tested, it was discovered that the second line of text was written in gunpowder. Oh. Which was the same substance that was packed into the pipe. Hate that. Powder boys. Powder boys. At the time though, the NYPD officers who responded to the call had no idea what they were actually dealing with here.

3 (11m 29s):
Although bombings or threats of bombings had kind of increased across the city throughout the first half of the 20th century. Just with like advancement of people knowing how to make these things. Yeah. Those matters were handled by the bomb and forgery squad. Obviously there's like a specialized thing. So it's like when you have a group that's specially trained to do this stuff, the regular patrol officers are like, I don't really know what to do with this bomb.

0 (11m 52s):
Yeah. Call 'em the special guys. Yeah.

3 (11m 53s):
They had, so when they were called in, they had to report this explosive device to that specialized squad and they had to wait hours for the bomb and forgery squad to arrive. Which I'm like,

0 (12m 4s):
I feel like that squad should be a a bit more prompt.

3 (12m 7s):
That's the thing. That's how I feel. I feel like they should be, maybe those like, you gotta have one foot out the door at all times. Kind of squad.

0 (12m 15s):
Yeah. Like you're an emergency responder Pretty much. So

3 (12m 18s):
There. So, and you're very, I feel like timeliness is next to godliness in that scenario.

0 (12m 23s):
When it comes to Bombas. I'd say. So

3 (12m 25s):
When it comes to, to Bombas. Yeah. You know, because like I, you don't know when that's going to go off. You don't. So like

0 (12m 33s):
Waiting, waiting. You wanna get there before it does. Yeah.

3 (12m 35s):
That waiting goal. So waiting hours feels risky. Hours

0 (12m 39s):
Risky. I'd be pissed if it took them like 25 minutes. I'd be

3 (12m 42s):
Hours. Yeah. I'd be pissed that just the regular patrol officer showed up. I'd be like, I did say this is a bomb. When

0 (12m 48s):
Its like, obviously you can evacuate and like, hopefully they did. Yeah. But then you also have a whole building on your

3 (12m 53s):
Hands. Exactly. And

0 (12m 54s):
Then that if that does explode and the building falls down, you got a whole mess to clean up. And people

3 (12m 59s):
Could get hurt. Hurt

0 (12m 59s):
People could get hurt. Yeah. Like so many things could happen

Audible (13m 12s):
From the creator of Think twice. Michael Jackson listened to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash TV Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.

Zola (13m 44s):
One thing about me is I think about my wedding venue, like pretty much daily. It was the most, I, I really am biased a little bit because it was my wedding. So I think it was pretty fun. But it was one of the most fun weddings that I've ever been to. And I was obsessed with our venue. I literally have to have another party there at some point in my life because that's how much I love it. And guess where I found it? I found that on Zola. Zola is the modern wedding planning for modern couples. No lie with Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place. I did it. And not only does Zola have every tool you need to make wedding planning actually enjoyable for making your vendor search non anxie inducing to a wedding website and an instant registry that you can literally build with one click. They also just really get you from challenging the expectation that one person will do all the planning work to reminding you that there's no right way to do things. Only what's right for you. Zola will have your back from day one to the wedding day. Start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.

3 (14m 50s):
So when they did finally arrive at the ConEd building, the lead detective on the bomb squad confirmed that what they found was indeed a infertile machine, which was a homemade explosive device. Quote maliciously designed to explode and destroy life or property. But it still hadn't gone off yet. It still hadn't gone off. Now unlike more sophisticated devices that, you know, use electronic components, a bomb that you're probably thinking in your head right now, the ticking bomb with the wires and shit. Yeah. The infernal machine, which is one of the scariest names for something. Great band name. I literally was just gonna say the, there has to be, I'm gonna Google it. Infernal machine has to be a band.

3 (15m 30s):
Yeah. It is a very crude, very volatile, explosive that could be triggered by a number of things. Like this is not an electronic explosive. So it's not like somebody's just waiting or they, you know, set it to go off at a certain point. It's like it gets triggered by random things. It's a band. It I knew it had to be. Yeah, it's a band. Good, good on you for making that. 'cause that's a great band name. Yeah, absolutely. It's also the pipe bomb couldn't be deactivated in like a traditional sense, like a regular bomb. But instead it had to be just detonated in a controlled setting. Like they just had to explode the bomb in a controlled area.

3 (16m 12s):
The fuck. Because in like a regular bomb, there's a way to detonate it or to like deactivate it. Yeah. With like electronically and shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This one's just like a very crude fucking infernal machine. So where do you go? So I don't really know. I think they have to, they go to like clearings to do these things. 'cause sometimes it still has to be done. Like they have to find places even to do these things. So they really have to go to like places obviously where there's absolutely no chance that somebody could be hurt by this. Damn, the squad knew that the bomb had already been handled by the employee who had reported it. So they knew it wasn't triggered by, you know, moving it from its position. And after clearing the building, one of the squad members dawned a suit of body armor and used a five foot grabbing pole.

3 (16m 56s):
And he turned the device over looking for any kind of timing device or other potential triggers. That's so scary. He, yeah, he didn't find anything and getting no result from poking at it and you know, handling the device, they were fairly certain it was not triggered by movement. And the pipe was retrieved placed inside a bag. The bag was made of woven steel cable. 'cause that, like, that's how they transport Bombas. Yeah. And it was taken out to the containment truck and taken to a secluded area where it was inspected and ultimately submerged in motor oil. Why? Apparently, and this is very interesting, motor oil can was believed to clog up any moving parts that might trigger the device.

3 (17m 39s):
Oh. Which I'm like, how did you guys figure that out? Yeah, that's interesting. Like what was, what was the test that made that, that a thing? I mean, it is very thick, so I guess that makes sense. Yeah. Viscous it is. So once they were confident that the bomb was a dud, investigators transported it back to headquarters for analysis. Now inside the pipe, technicians found a large amount of gunpowder in several typical bomb components, including a flashlight bulb, a battery, and a steel spring. As well as a cough drop. What, which no one could explain why that cough drop was there

0 (18m 13s):
Used or un wrapped. I dunno if that was written wrapped to unwrapped.

3 (18m 18s):
I dunno if they could tell if that was a used cough drop or not. But yeah.

0 (18m 22s):
What a

3 (18m 23s):
Cough drop.

0 (18m 24s):
Why

3 (18m 26s):
No one knows? To this day,

0 (18m 28s):
That's bizarre.

3 (18m 29s):
Despite having all the right parts and a cough drop to boot, it was clear. It was a little bit of something extra.

0 (18m 36s):
Just a little dazzle of spice. You know, maybe they wanted it to like smell good. Yeah. I

3 (18m 41s):
Don't know. I guess, I don't know. I have no idea. But despite having all the right parts, it was clear to experts that the bomb had been incorrectly assembled by a very amateur person and was never in danger of exploding at all. Well

0 (18m 52s):
That's good news. Yeah.

3 (18m 54s):
But while there may have not been any imminent danger, the threat was very real. And investigators needed to identify the maker of the device before he improved on his

0 (19m 5s):
Technique. I was just gonna say before he got better. Yeah.

3 (19m 7s):
And and struck again. Yeah. 'cause if they do it once, of course they could do it

0 (19m 10s):
Again. Well, and especially if he knows it didn't go off.

3 (19m 12s):
Yeah. Now he's gonna be pissed. Now, in 1940, consolidated Edison was one of the largest employers in Manhattan with thousands of employees, many of whom worked in the building where the bomb was found also as the primary supplier of electricity for the whole region. The company served millions of customers. That's basically, it was clear that whoever left the bomb had clearly a grudge with this company. But that fact alone didn't narrow the pool of suspects down at all. Yeah. Because remember we got thousands of employees and millions of customers. Yeah. Now further complicating the whole thing was the fact that ConEd was a conglomerate of several smaller companies operating under like one umbrella all operating in different parts of the city.

3 (19m 59s):
Okay. That means that even if police did want to take the time to comb through all their administrative records, it could have been literally years before they found anything that could help them if they found anything at all. Right. So because of that, the incident report was written up and filed and no one really gave it a thought.

0 (20m 17s):
The bomb incident report. Yeah.

3 (20m 19s):
They were just like, well, that happened. Now in late September, 1941, nearly a year after this first bomb was discovered at the ConEd building, passerbys noticed something strange lying in the road a few blocks away from the ConEd building at four Irving place. It was stuffed inside a red wool sock with a four inch length of pipe with both ends capped. Okay. Just as they'd done before, police officers called the bomb squad and the device was removed and determined to be a dud. Damn, this guy sucks. Then it was taken back to headquarters for analysis. There was no note with this one, but to the members of the bomb squad, the device was immediately recognizable as being the work of whoever had left the bomb at Con Ed the previous year.

3 (21m 3s):
Was there another cough drop inside? They found the same ingredients as the previous bomb all assembled in the same way. And another cough drop called it cough drop what? Cough drop number two. Does he ever say why we're at a loss? God damn. Now, given that the bomb was assembled the same exact way as the previous one, including the weird fucking cough drop. I was gonna say random ingredients and doll, like that's the thing that's really nailing it. And then it was discovered around the corner of the Con Ed building investigators were like, yeah, this is the same guy. Equally disturbing was the fact that a year had passed and Th Bomber still appeared intent on bombing the Con Ed building.

3 (21m 45s):
That's commitment. Yeah. This time though, they theorized that he had been on his way to the building and was interrupted or maybe diverted and chose to drop the explosive in the street and abandoned his plan. Okay. Within days of finding the explosive in the street letters started arriving at the ConEd headquarters, as well as newspaper editorial desks, hotels, and department stores around the city. The letters were pretty short, pretty vague, mostly alluding to, you know, quote dastardly deeds and ghoulish acts that the power power company had committed and demanding justice for wrongs perpetrated against the writer of the notes and others.

3 (22m 29s):
These notes were mostly hand-printed in that same like very blocky handwriting. But that some were typewritten though. Like there wasn't, it wasn't consistent throughout. Okay. And the clauses were all separated by dashes rather than commas or periods. Okay. All the notes were written on the same plain white paper. There was no identifying information about the sender other than the initials. Fp huh. And many contained delusions to or outright threats of another bomb coming A few months later, on December 7th, 1941, the Japanese attacked the Pearl Harbor military base in Honolulu, Hawaii. I'm sure we all know about that.

3 (23m 10s):
That's where I was born. This effectively drew the American military into World War ii. Not long after that attack on Pearl Harbor, the usual round of recipients of FP letters received a new note. Although the latest letter included the usual vague threats and you know, claims of injustice. The sender also seemed to understand that with the entire country, preoccupied with the nation's, you know now forceful entry into a world war, there was very little chance that he was gonna get the kind of attention that he was so craving here. Yeah. So he was like, You know what, I'm gonna let somebody else have their moment right now. He said, I will make no more Bombas units for the duration of the war.

3 (23m 52s):
My patriotic feelings have made me decide this later. I will bring the ConEd to justice. They will pay for their dastardly deeds.

0 (23m 60s):
Like that doesn't feel very patriotic.

3 (24m 2s):
Yeah, that feels pretty rough. It's killing

0 (24m 3s):
Your fellow man

3 (24m 4s):
To everyone surprised though he remained true to his word. And there were no other Bombas or letters from FP in the years that followed.

0 (24m 12s):
Interesting.

3 (24m 13s):
The war raged on across Europe and the nation's attention was obviously he was right. They were consumed by fighting. Yeah. And New York forgot kind of all about FP and his grudge against, you know, the whole ConEd building and employees and company as a whole. But fp he was not given up on this mission. He was lurking. Yeah. And he did not have any intention of being forgotten Just before 5:30 PM on the afternoon of March 29th, 1951, the peak of rush hour at Grand Central Central Station, an explosive device detonated. Oh no. Any a cigarette urn placed outside the entrance to the Grand Central Oyster Bar.

3 (24m 54s):
It sent sand cigarette butts and other debris flying in all directions. Oh. Despite being placed on one of the lower levels by track 27, there were no passerbys when the bomb went off. Wow. That's lucky. And no one was hit. That's amazing. Inside this pipe bomb. He had packed nuts and bolts in there too. Oh wow. Which is what like some of these fuckers do. Like the Boston bombing. That's

0 (25m 17s):
What I was just gonna

3 (25m 18s):
Say. It's one of the ones that obviously sticks out, very much sticks out to us. They put all this like fucking horrific shrapnel in it to get the most

0 (25m 27s):
Damage to extra damage. Yeah.

3 (25m 28s):
So since the bomb had already detonated, by the time the police came to Grand Central Station, there was no need for the bomb squad. But investigators still had little evidence to work with and initially attributed the incident to boys or pranksters y'all. I'm sorry. I know a pipe bomb is not pranksters. Yeah,

0 (25m 47s):
I was, I don't know about

3 (25m 48s):
All that. Yeah. The remains of the device were turned over to the bomb squad for analysis. But nearly a decade had passed since the Bombas were discovered at the ConEd building at this point. Wow. And this time, no one recognized the pipes in their various components because it had kind of gone outta everyone's minds. Even if someone had recalled the bomb discoveries back in 1941, it's unlikely they would've made, you know, the connection here. Yeah. 'cause this latest bomb one, it went off. Right. That's different from the other two. It also contained no gunpowder, but instead contained just 1 25 caliber round that was rigged to a mechanism that would discharge at a predetermined time and it would send the shrapnel out in all directions.

3 (26m 31s):
Oh. So he has obviously upped his game. Right.

0 (26m 36s):
It is remarkable that nobody was walking by. Yes. Really. Especially like you said, like peak traffic time. Oh yeah. At Grand Central Station.

3 (26m 42s):
Oh, it's amazing. Right next to track 27. I can't believe that's wild. That nobody was hit. That's wild. Veterans on the bomb squad, however, would likely have recognized one thing, a cough drop, one cough drop contained in the pipe bitch.

0 (26m 55s):
I just Googled it And I couldn't find anything about why he did

3 (26m 57s):
That. Why? No one knows why. But by that time it had been disintegrated with the rest of the internal components so they wouldn't have been able to see it anyways. Oh yeah.

Blissy (27m 17s):
Prepare to transform your beauty sleep with Bliss's revolutionary silk pillow cases. These aren't just luxurious. They're a complete game changer for skin and hair. Unlike cheap satin alternatives, Bliss's dermatologist tested silk actually reduces fine lines and eliminates frizz. Each pillowcase is naturally cooling antibacterial and hypoallergenic. Perfect for sensitive skin. Users report healthier hair and clearer skin in just weeks of switching to glissy. With over 70 stunning colors, including new Wicked and Harry Potter lines. There's a glissy for everyone. It's no wonder they've sold over 3 million pillow cases And we voted Best gift of 2024. Because you're a listener. Bliss SY is offering 60 nights risk free plus an additional 30% off when you shop at glissy.com/wondery. That's BLI SS y.com/wondery. And use code Wondery to get an additional 30% off your skin and hair will. Thank you.

Find Mortuary College (28m 15s):
Find Mortuary. College prepares compassionate professionals for one of society's most essential roles supporting families through their most challenging moments. Their online associate degree program in funeral directing can be completed in just two years from anywhere in the United States now, including California as a licensed funeral director, you'll provide essential support to families navigating grief and loss. Find mortuary college's innovative program combines live online classes with hands-on training at funeral homes, preparing you for this rewarding profession. Classes start quarterly and financial aid is available for those who qualify. If you're ready to explore this meaningful career, attend an online open house, visit www.fmc.edu and rsvp. Use promo code wandery when you sign up.

3 (29m 9s):
But we know that it was there because we know it's the same guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the bomb at Grand Central failed to achieve much notice by the police or the press, which is insane because they were kind of chalking it up to like, which I'm like, what kind of fucking team running around New York for real. And the second bomb that detonated after this one, because there was another one, didn't receive a lot of attention either. It detonated inside a phone booth in the basement of the New York Public Library.

0 (29m 38s):
I would call that a

3 (29m 39s):
Big deal. Yeah. Like the one at Grand Central Station. The second bomb caused no injuries. Luckily That's good. And barely registered with anyone. earnIn a few paragraphs pretty deep in the pages of the New York Times that day.

0 (29m 50s):
But wouldn't everybody be like, Hey, it seems like two Bombas.

3 (29m 53s):
Why there two bombings?

0 (29m 54s):
Like could be related,

3 (29m 56s):
But still this time the bombings were different. They didn't cause much damage or harm to anyone, but that was only because no one had been unfortunate enough to be around when they went off. That just were just, it could cause massive damage. Had anyone been near either when they de detonated, they would've, I don't think they would've survived. No, I really don't. They would. I, it would be very lethal. That meant that although the police didn't know it at the time, FP had become like we were just talking about more skilled and sophisticated as a bomb maker in the decade since he had started doing this, which

0 (30m 30s):
Makes sense. He's obviously been studying how to do this for years, which like,

3 (30m 33s):
Why the fuck is he still doing this? And in August, fp struck again with another bomb at Grand Central Station, a little past 9:00 PM on the night of August 27th, a bomb went off in a phone booth on the west concourse, like the earlier Bombas. This one caused some damage, but no injuries. Wow. I know. This is

0 (30m 54s):
Remarkable.

3 (30m 54s):
It is remarkable. The Grand central bomb was followed a few weeks later by another bomb. This one placed in a phone booth in the lobby of the ConEd offices at for Irving Place.

0 (31m 6s):
If that doesn't raise some eyebrows.

3 (31m 8s):
Yeah, the bomb exploded and caused some damage to the lobby. But because it was detonated at 6:15 AM the only person in the building was a night watchman. And he wasn't in the lobby when it went off. So it's missing like any per, it's like really

0 (31m 24s):
Remarkable because it's not like he's doing that on purpose. Like you were the first one when he came back again. Yeah. Was high traffic time. He's putting them in phone booths like Yeah. It's not like he's going out of his way to Yeah. That's the thing he's putting, he's also putting shrapnel in them. So obviously he does wanna hurt

3 (31m 39s):
People. He wants to cause damage and, and like you said, he's putting them in places where people would be. Yeah. They just happen to not be there. It's like really wild. So yeah, it, in fact, the damage had been so minimal and mostly confined to the phone booth. The night watchman didn't even bother to call the police right away and waited several hours before even reporting it.

0 (31m 59s):
Okay. That's a bad plan because there's, that's wild. Could be

3 (32m 1s):
More. Yeah,

0 (32m 2s):
That's wild. Where there's one bomb, as we find out there's many.

3 (32m 5s):
So the Bombas all were pretty similar in their construction. So one investigator or a few investigators were believing that they probably were constructed and placed by the same individual. But because the Bombas at Grand Central, the public library and Con Ed appeared to have been detonated at the time, at a time when they were like, 'cause that's the thing, it's like he put them in places where people would be, but he de detonates them at times where people won't be there. Or not a lot of people will be there like 6:15 AM But

0 (32m 36s):
What about the high traffic one?

3 (32m 37s):
That's the one that, it's like that one, you know, that stands out. Yeah. That one stands out. But a few of the other ones, it almost looked like they were almost put to cause 'cause it, it they, there's like conflicting ideas here because it's like they're shrapnel in them. Yeah. It looks like there's clearly a intense, they're trying, they're wanting to hurt someone. But then the times that a lot of them are placed are, are detonated, I should say are interesting. Okay. You know? Yeah. Because it's, it is crazy that they're not getting anyone. Right. Like they're not hurting anyone. Right. Investigators assumed because of this that maybe it was like a prank and they were detonating it on purpose when people wouldn't be there to cause damage and like chaos, but not hurt anyone.

3 (33m 22s):
Okay. So they were so convinced that the Bombas were the work of an adult prankster, that they were reluctant to provide any details to the press saying it would just build up the ego of the nut who did it. Okay. I guess I sort of get that. I can kind of see where they're coming from. And again, this is like the 1950s, so like, you know Yeah. A little different. Regardless of what they told the press in private investigators on the bomb squad were at least somewhat concerned on of the Bombas. So like investigators are kind of like, they're at odds a little bit of what this actually is. In each case, the Bombas did get slightly larger. Okay. And more sophisticated.

3 (34m 2s):
So again, this is kind of showing or suggesting that like Th Bomber who's doing this is really learning as he goes. Right. He's like keeping up with his, you know, of trying to figure out how to do this better and better and he's getting better at it. And in the report on the second bomb at Grand Central Station, the technician wrote quote, this is a well constructed mechanism. It shows considerable advance and technique as compared with the earlier Bombas. Also because the Bombas were clearly created and placed by the same person, it was impossible for the bomb squad to ignore the reality that they were dealing with a serial Bomber. And it was only a matter of time before someone was going to get hurt.

3 (34m 44s):
Yeah. Regardless of whether that's the intention or not, it's gonna happen. It's just the way that this all Yeah. Like works. A month later on October 22nd, Th Bomber struck again this time in a bathroom at the Paramount Theater. Mm. Fortunately the bomb was discovered before it was detonated. Oh, that's good. And the bomb squad was able to disassemble it without much trouble. But that right there, that there was, feels like there was harm feels, well once you realize who he is, you're like, okay. Like the other devices, the bomb was constructed with a roughly four inch long pipe containing a 25 caliber shell with that mechanism, small amount of gunpowder. At the time, roughly 3,500 patrons were in the theater one floor above watching a show.

3 (35m 28s):
Wow. So this would've caused massive, massive casualties or at least massive damage. Yeah. And so like that one was like, oh shit. So just as police were investigating the scene at the Paramount, the editor of the New York Herald Tribune received a letter by special delivery. Inside was a letter written in block lettering that said, Bombas will continue until the consolidated Edison Company is brought to justice for their dastardly acts against me. I have exhausted all other means. I intend with Bombas to cause others to cry out for justice for me.

0 (36m 2s):
But you're not telling anybody what happened.

3 (36m 4s):
You're not telling anyone what happened. You're gonna hurt someone so no one's gonna speak for you. And you, you want these people that you're trying to harm or inconvenience at the very least to cry out for you.

0 (36m 16s):
You're,

3 (36m 16s):
That's what I mean, your thinking

0 (36m 17s):
Is a little scattered

3 (36m 18s):
Motive isn't making a lot of sense. The note confirmed that FP had planted the bomb at the Paramount, but it also made reference to a second bomb in a telephone booth at Penn Station. Oh shit. It said, if I don't get justice, I will continue. But with bigger Bombas. Okay. Police spent hours searching Penn Station, but found no sign of a bomb anywhere on the premises and eventually abandoned the search in the early morning hours. While they may not have discovered a second bomb, Th Bomber had made their intentions and motivation pretty clear in the letter, which was published in the Herald Tribune the next day with the publication of the letter, the NYPD had to end that whole theory of like, maybe there's just pranksters And we don't wanna feed their ego like they had to to end that whole thing.

3 (37m 4s):
The, the city clearly had a serial Bomber on their hands and he was clear that he intended to continue this reign of terror until he got what he wanted, which no one really knew, knows how to give him that. Because

0 (37m 17s):
Nobody knows what happened.

3 (37m 18s):
Like I want them held, I want justice for their dastardly deeds against me. Which were what? And you're like, cool, cool, cool. Can you tell us what those were so we can bring them to justice for it?

0 (37m 30s):
Name em,

3 (37m 31s):
Name em, name em, name em. So the letter made clear, at least that Th Bomber had some connection to Con Ed. But again, who the fuck are you? Right? Like the, it didn't help to identify the sender. If anything, police found themselves right back to where they were a decade earlier with a suspect list of millions of employees, former employees and customers in the absence of facts, evidence, anything concrete that they could use. Wild theories started to emerge, including the suggestion that Th Bomber was operating on a lunar calendar, which led the NYPD to increase manpower during the full moon.

0 (38m 10s):
They said it's witches.

3 (38m 11s):
They said it's werewolf.

0 (38m 13s):
They said them them witches be out here. Them werewolves are who? And and Holland,

3 (38m 16s):
They said, oh, that's just Jacob Black. Don't worry about

0 (38m 19s):
That. They said, Bella, where you been loca?

3 (38m 23s):
They said, Bella, where the hell you been loca? That is one of the most diabolical like wines in literary.

0 (38m 32s):
Or is it the most genius?

3 (38m 34s):
I said diabolical. I didn't say bad, I just said diabolical. Also, there's just quick little side. 'cause we are who we are and that reminded me of it. Yeah. If you're looking for a really funny TikTok to watch, let me bring it up. Do have

0 (38m 51s):
You told

3 (38m 51s):
Just made me think of it. No, I haven't. And I to tell you about, let

0 (38m 54s):
It, let's make it fun. You're telling the masses before you tell your sister,

3 (38m 58s):
You should all follow this person because she is be Benny funny. And what she's doing is she does recreations of what it's like to be in the boardroom during the making of all the Twilight movies. Oh my God.

0 (39m 12s):
That's iconic.

3 (39m 13s):
Her name is Ellie Collins following right now. And it's her like thing on TikTok is E-L-L-I-E. Collins, like C-O-L-L-I-N with four S's. She is so fucking funny. And all the things that they go through with those movies, you, you'll just sit there and be like, what the fuck were We do?

0 (39m 35s):
I just followed her.

3 (39m 37s):
I love it. I love it so much. So go check her out. She's really funny. She also did a whole series of all of Taylor Swift's exes listening to her new songs as they came out. Oh, I think

0 (39m 48s):
Those have come up on my fur new page before. She did look

3 (39m 50s):
Familiar. She's real funny. Yeah. But yeah, so Bella, where the hell you been loca? Where the hell,

Anytime Fitness (40m 5s):
We all want to be the best version of ourselves. And of course fitness is a key component of that. The folks at Anytime Fitness, well, they see all you strivers out there striving, and they have the expertise to help you optimize your efforts inside the gym and out. If you are actively pursuing your goal to be fit and strong, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. Anytime Fitness has everything you need to do just that, they have all the equipment you need. Plus, easy anytime access to more than 5,000 global locations. Anytime Fitness helps you train to be a stronger, more confident, more badass version of yourself with expert coaching to help you optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Get started today@anytimefitness.com. That's anytime fitness.com.

3 (41m 2s):
So while they, so they, they put more people on, on the full moon because you gotta try everything. You know, you

0 (41m 7s):
Should just have more people on, on the full moon all the time. People, it just be crazy.

3 (41m 10s):
People be wild in on the

0 (41m 11s):
Full moon. We're a huge percent water.

3 (41m 13s):
It's true. There you go. We're a huge percent,

0 (41m 16s):
We're a huge percent water. It's like 86 or something. I don't know. It's pretty, it's pretty impressive. It's huge.

3 (41m 20s):
It's pretty impressive how water we are. You know,

0 (41m 22s):
We do be a lot of

3 (41m 23s):
Water. Are we in the ocean? I don't know. So the tides

0 (41m 26s):
Were within

3 (41m 27s):
While they, while they seemed willing to entertain any theory at this point, regardless of how serious it seemed, investigators in the NYPD and on the bomb squad knew the type of panic that a serial Bomber was going to instill in the public. Yeah. And they just wanted to stop him because now people are, it's gonna be hard for people to live their lives normally here, especially in New York City. And they didn't care what the method was. They just wanted to stop this guy. That's not great. In early November, police arrested 56-year-old former ConEd employee Frederick Eberhart in connection with a hoax bomb that was sent to ConEd a few weeks earlier. Okay. Based on his employee file, Frederick Fit the profile of the man investigators were looking for.

3 (42m 11s):
The district attorney told reporters he had been sending simulated Bombas around the city the past few months. Rude. Yeah. During his arraignment on November 7th, the prosecution alleged that Frederick had sent a package to Edwin Jennings, the head of personnel at ConEd, which contained what Jennings believed was another pipe bomb. But when they inspected it, the pipe contained nothing more than white sugar. Oh. According to company records, Frederick was fired by ConEd in 1948 for quote, stealing material and was tried and ultimately acquitted following his acquittal. Frederick sued Ed for $75,000 in damages alleging false arrest.

3 (42m 53s):
And the case was still pending trial at the time. Despite him being a very strong suspect, his wife loudly protested his arrest and was very against him be being admitted to Bellevue for evaluation. Saying quote, this arrest is an outrage. He never sent those things. He couldn't hurt a fly. Oh. If the NYPD hoped Frederick's arrest would put an end to the bomb threats of the recent months, they were very disappointed very quickly. So were they scapegoating him a bit? Just a few days after Frederick's arrest was announced in the papers, the bomb squad received an anonymous call reporting that Bombas had been planted at the Capitol Theater on Broadway and a Roman Catholic church on East 28th Street.

3 (43m 33s):
Oh no. While the bomb squad found no Bombas in either location. Later that evening, a pipe bomb was detonated at the IRT subway station. In Union Square sending shrapnel through a row of metal lockers. Ooh. Once again, no one was, no one was hurt. This is bizarre, isn't it bizarre? It, I mean it's, I mean it's incredible. Wonderfully bizarre that, that no one's getting hurt here, but like bizarre. Yeah. Wild and fp, he wasted no time claiming credit, sending a letter to the editor of the Herald Tribune. He said to Herald Tribune editors, have you noticed the Bombas in your city? If you are worried, I am sorry. And also, if anyone is injured, but it cannot be helped for justice will be served.

3 (44m 17s):
I am not Well, and for this, I will make the Con Edison, sorry. Yes. They will regret their dastardly deeds. I will bring them before the Bar of Justice. Public opinion will condemn them. For beware, I will place more units under theater seats in the near future. Oh. It was clear from the recent bombings that Frederick Eberhard was not Th Bomber. And on May 15th, 1952, a court dismissed the charges against him, which forced the NYPD to admit that there was still very much a serial Bomber loose somewhere in the city. So Th Bomber struck three times in 1952, once in a phone booth at the Port Authority bus terminal, and twice at the Lexington Theater, the, at the Lexington Theater.

3 (44m 59s):
It was Bombas left under random seats. It was in the second bombing at the Lexington on December 8th that someone was finally injured. Oh no. A woman sitting in the same row where the Bombas were placed during a showing of everything I have is yours was struck by flying shards of metal shrapnel and it caused several laughs, lacerations on her feet and legs. Oh, but she did live. That's good. But like what a horrible thing to happen. Yeah. You're just

0 (45m 24s):
Sitting in a movie theater.

3 (45m 25s):
Yeah. During this period, the NYPD and the investigators on the bomb squad were releasing little, if any information to the public about the bombings. So the, which

0 (45m 34s):
It's like maybe they should have and maybe people wouldn't have gone to the movies.

3 (45m 37s):
Exactly. So the details of the bombings between 1952 and 1954 are kind of limited.

0 (45m 42s):
Okay.

3 (45m 43s):
On March 10th, 1953, smack dab in the middle, a bomb was planted in one of the seat cushions in the 16, 6,000 seat Radio City music hall. Oh

0 (45m 54s):
Shit.

3 (45m 55s):
Ever heard of it?

0 (45m 56s):
Yeah. Paige and Hannah sold that shit out. Bitch. Yeah.

3 (45m 59s):
The same one. The spectators were about halfway through the movie when the bomb went off. Oh my. Causing panic and chaos among this very large crowd at the request of the NYPD. The incident was minimized by the press the following day with several papers ignoring it all together. Oh, radio City musical.

0 (46m 17s):
The fuck. How do you ignore that?

3 (46m 19s):
The Harold Tribune, who had received many of the Bombas letters referred to the bomb as quote the work of a psychopath fair. While others used like very dismissive language to kind of minimize the danger.

0 (46m 30s):
I would say that was pretty fucking dangerous.

3 (46m 33s):
A few months later when a bomb exploded in a luggage locker at Grand Central Station. In early May, a police spokesperson was similarly dismissive. Telling the press quote, the culprit was a mental case in search of publicity.

0 (46m 46s):
It's like, yeah, but Bombas keep going off in various locations, so maybe we should do something and find that person.

3 (46m 51s):
It's like my friends, I'm not here debating what's happening. He's making it in his snogging making. Yeah, I'm here saying that like he's setting off Bombas around the city. So like, maybe just stop that. Right. Instead of just being like, oh, it's just a nut. It's just cry. Cry. Yeah. He's, he's a fucking brilliant nut. He was making scary, dangerous Bombas that have hurt at least one person. Right.

0 (47m 12s):
And it's shocking that they haven't hurt anybody else.

3 (47m 15s):
The minimal press coverage was an offense to Th Bomber too. Yeah. And it's like, they should have thought of that. Oh, to Th Bomber that this guy is looking for attention clearly. And I know that it's like, it's a horrible, it's fine. Line, line to walk. That's the thing. It's kinda like, you know Zodiac. Yeah. And you know, Jack the Ripper, it's like when they're looking for the attention, you don't wanna give it to 'em, but you also don't wanna set it off anymore. Right. So it's like, I can't say that I would know how to handle this, you know, as like an investigator and what to tell the press

0 (47m 45s):
And especially again, during this time period. Exactly. This is a very new type of mind they're dealing with.

3 (47m 51s):
Yeah, exactly. And he, so he started sending outraged letters to the editorial departments of the city's major papers. That's scary. In a letter to the editor and staff of New York, Caral Tribune, unless sloppy or no reporting is corrected about bombings, public will get information by way of Moscow, get this into your heads. The Consolidated Edison company will be brought to justice. All of my physical, mental, and financial sufferings will be paid for in full. You know that Bombas are getting bigger so far. The hand of God has spared everyone from death or serious injury. Believe me, I know. In the press now and then I am called a bad name. Just what name fits you.

3 (48m 31s):
People who denied me the purchase of space to tell my story. You who are too yellow to print the facts, which concern the safety of so many. I'm bewildered by your attitude. I can only respond with more and larger Bombas every day that passes means a day closer to another bomb.

0 (48m 49s):
Yikes. He's scary.

3 (48m 52s):
It's very

0 (48m 52s):
Scary. And upping the ante

3 (48m 54s):
And again, is not telling anyone what the fuck happened and how they can fix it.

0 (48m 60s):
Yeah.

3 (49m 1s):
And he's literally saying like, the hand of God has spared people from not getting hurt. Like, not me. That wasn't

0 (49m 5s):
My, my intention. Right.

3 (49m 7s):
Which like, he was kind of alluding not to that before, but now he's just being like, oh, that's

0 (49m 11s):
Not me. That's just happenstance. Yeah.

3 (49m 14s):
Which is scary.

0 (49m 15s):
And it almost sounds like he, like he went to them and tried to get his story about what happened at, at the Con Place out. Yeah. And they said no.

3 (49m 23s):
Yeah. Which is like strange

0 (49m 25s):
Because I'm like, what the fuck? Ha do we find out what happened to him?

3 (49m 28s):
We find out the, so we'll find, we'll we'll find out more in part two. We're actually gonna stop there because if there's gonna be Butthead after that, that letter to the New York Tribune there, the Harold Tribune, it's another year that passes without any new Bombas.

0 (49m 44s):
Interesting.

3 (49m 44s):
Yeah. And then it does return.

0 (49m 47s):
Oh

3 (49m 48s):
No. So we're gonna talk about that in part two.

0 (49m 50s):
Alright. Yeah. And this is an interesting case. I've very interesting, I've heard anything about this one before.

3 (49m 56s):
Yeah. This is a very, very interesting,

0 (49m 59s):
It's strange

3 (50m 1s):
And yeah, it's so strange. Yeah. Like, and it's like, it almost seems like the plot of a movie instead of like a real thing that happened. But I, I really am curious if like any of you are from New York or like, you know, have, are like Native New Yorkers who have like family that were around at this time. I'd be curious to hear if they, they'll tell you like what it was like Yeah, yeah. To be around. Because it's like, like my mom was like living in Boston with girlfriends when the, the Boston Strangler was tooting around and those stories were nuts and like an apartment together. Yeah. Like on his route. So, and they

0 (50m 33s):
Had like things in place. I think we talked about it in the episode. Yeah. Too.

3 (50m 36s):
They stacked deter him. Stacked like tin cans. Tin cans, like aluminum cans on top of each other in front of the door so that if it opened, it would fall over and alert them

0 (50m 44s):
Because their apartment door, she said you could open with like a credit card card.

3 (50m 47s):
A credit card. Yeah. Yeah. It was like that janky. It's crazy. So I'd be, I, I'm curious to see if any of you can get any like cool stories outta Yeah. Family members let us know. Yeah.

0 (50m 56s):
And if you wanna write them in, we would love to share them. Yeah, feel free. So just let us know if we have permission.

3 (50m 60s):
Yeah, definitely. Wow,

0 (51m 1s):
I'm very interested to hear that too.

3 (51m 4s):
Very interesting story.

0 (51m 5s):
So with that being said, we hope you keep listening

3 (51m 7s):
And we hope you keep it weird.

0 (51m 10s):
But that's weird that you don't write in your stories if you have them, because now I'm so into as do

3 (51m 15s):
It. Bye bye.

0 (52m 20s):
If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

REDACTED: Declassified Mysteries with Luke Lamana Podcast (52m 35s):
Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here And I am so excited to tell you all about a podcast from Ballin Studios called Redacted Declassified Mysteries. And it's hosted by the incredible Luke Lamana from covert government experiments to bizarre assassination attempts redacted dives deep into the astonishing true stories of uncovered secrets, lies, and deception within the world's most powerful institutions. Stories like the Mind-Bending Truth Behind Operation Paperclip, where former Nazi scientists were smuggled into America to advance US technology and intelligence during the Cold War. Or the shocking story of Charles Manson and the CIA revealing how a notorious cult leader might have been entangled in a web of covert operations. Trust me, when I tell you the stories are real and the secrets are shocking, be sure to follow redacted Declassified Mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever else you get your Podcasts. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.