
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey. everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava Hands down. The best thing I've found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut acai. Coconut acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours. And two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's KACH A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I just got to the end of my Best Friend's Exorcism, which is the title we're going to be discussing on the Weirdos Audio Book Club. By the way, that's gonna be on August 30th, just so you know. And oh my God, my heart strings have been pulled. The end of that title, oh, you guys gotta listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash And. this Is Morbid. Hey. Hey. What's up? What's going on everybody? There's so much going on today. There is. Today's a busy fucking day. Also in between my fingers is just orange. Yeah, I woke up yesterday and in between the fingers, only on my left hand. Looks like I got like a really bad spray tan, but like only on the inside of my fingers.


So yeah, it's choking. We Googled it and what was the thing that I have too much of? Ker? Beta Keratin. Beta keratin. There's too much beta keratin in one of my moisturizers, and it can happen by like eating a lot of carrots and shit, like things with beta keratins in it. But yeah, she wasn't doing that, so we, like, I wasn't eating a carrots, so now I just have to wait for my fucking fingers to go back to normal. I look like, 'cause you have like carrots. One of your moisturizers is made with carrots, right? Yeah. It's literally, literally like a carrot mask. And I love this moisturizer. It makes my skin feel so good, but, but now it's, this is like not good for you. Like Yeah, like the fact that your fingers are doing, like, my fingers are doing this. This means there's like too much. Yeah, it's like a, like an overindulgence and, and one of the way to like make it stop they said is just to cease, like cease using whatever.


That's fine. I have a lot of different moisturizers. Yeah. I just told her about a grape one. Yeah, it's actually right next to me. She told me about pharmacy honey halo, ultra hydrating ceramide moisturizer. I love it. Where that makes me laugh because I use, have you ever heard, you've heard of CeraVe? Yeah. I use that face wash and whenever I use it, usually me and Drew are like in the bathroom together at night, like brushing teeth, like doing skincare. Yeah. And whenever I wash my face with that, I say, your face is craving the ceramides and CeraVe, like they say on the commercial. And now you can say it about this. Yeah, exactly. I'm gonna some of those craving the ceramides. But I'm sad because I loved my carrot one, my carrot one, my carrot one. I love carrots. I love it. I do love carrot. I do too. Not so much that I poisoned myself in wallet.


Yeah. I, I take it down a notch I suppose. Everyone. Yeah. How are you? What's, I'm pretty good. What's your life? My life is my life, you know? And it's, it's busy. then wasn profound. My life is my life. Life. It's my life. I was like, my life be like, I'm, I'm very tired today because one of my kids had a, a night of nightmares That a scary nightmare that, yeah. That kept her awake for a little bit. So we were awake for a little bit, but know, are you willing to share what the nightmare was then? wasn. Horrifying. then wasn a weird one. Yeah. then wasn, like she said, then wasn like a scary guy standing in the yard and like, she was like, you guys went out to talk to him and like he was gone when you went out there.


And I was like, that's a scary one. Yeah. And like I get why you're scared by that. Yeah. That's like a nightmare that I would have. Yeah, me too. And that's why I was like, oh man, I'm sorry. I know. And it's one of those things when, I mean, as a, we were saying as an adult, when I have a certain nightmare Yeah. That like really starts your adrenaline and gets you in fight or flight and you wake up in that state, it's hard to calm down. It takes me a long time to fall back to sleep and feel comfortable falling back to sleep. So I, I get, I'm like, you're eight. I get it. Yeah. But we just were, we were awake for quite some time last night and Yeah. That's rough. Hopefully. I'm gonna, I'm gonna do like, we have this little like, potion kit. Ooh, cute. I think it's called the Little Potion Company.


Oh, that's cute. And it's really cute. Cute. And it's all like biodegradable stuff, so you can do it like it's glitters and stuff that if you do it outside, it's okay for the earth. It's okay. Like it, you can do it like it's not a big deal. Nice. Because I don't wanna leave glitter like all over the place to just sit there and rot. You know what, thank you for caring. No problem. You know, earth and all that. But, so I think there's a little potion in there for like, nightmares. Oh. Like vanishing nightmares. Like a monster away potion. That's cute. So I think I'm gonna see if we can make that this afternoon, like tonight and, and put it under her pillow. Oh, that's a good idea. Because that usually is stuff that she likes. It makes her feel better. Yeah. She's a little witch. She's a little witchy. So a witch. We're gonna do that. I love that. But, but yeah, so I'm just living in, in a state of like half here, half in outer space right now.


Yeah. Yeah. But you're doing a good job. I thank you. I don't do well with no sleep, so I applaud you. I appreciate that. You bet. Bet you. I'm, I'm living. I'm here. I'll get my second wind. I think I'm already out. Oh. And you're gonna get goofy. I'm gonna get crazy. I love that though. Love a goofy second wind. And we're recording today, so like, perfect timing to get crazy. I love it. I love it. I love it. But yeah, I was trying to think of any other fun updates. There's a buzzing noise that's happening in this room as well that is freaking us out. We can't determine the source of it. We have these little like plugins that get flies and because like summer flies.


Yeah. Like, they just happen and like, sometimes we open the windows and shit, but, and we, so we thought, like, we were like, oh no. Is that a fly dying? Like, that's relatively sad because it sounds like that. It's like a But it's not coming from there. No, don don't. And it just happened again. That's the only reason we're bringing it up. It feels like it's everywhere all at once. It's omnipotent. And I don't know what that means. I feel like we, we need Rachel Staus in here. Yes. She needs to come help us because I don't know what's going on here. I do wonder 'cause we've been, I, I think the energy is, everybody knows we've been like going through it. Yeah. And I think the, the negative energy is like collecting. Yeah. And usually, you know what it is, like Mikey's always really good at suddenly being like, we need to clear this out, off.


And I think we need to just clear it out. 'cause whenever we do, we're always like, okay, better. That's a different feeling. It feels better. Yeah. I think we need to like salt the rugs again. Yeah. And we need a Rachel Sta in here to exercise the room. Yeah. I, I did see, actually, that's funny. I saw it this morning. Then wasn like, I know you're really not supposed to go on your phone first thing when you wake up, but hey, I do. Most people do. My cortisol is fucked If you salt the corners of the room and you just leave it there for a little bit and then you can like brush it up or vacuum it away. It's supposed to, it's supposed to like kind of take in all the yucky energy and like, then you can remove it. I love it. I'm into it. Yeah. So we should try that. I'm into the salt of it all.


Alright, well that's everything going on in our world right now. Yeah. I have a crazy case today. It's got like somewhat old Hollywood vibes. It's, it's just, I, I don't wanna give too much away at the top, but this is an interesting one. I will let you know. This is a relatively long one. I was gonna try to break it into two parts. But, there just wasn't really a place to break it. Yeah. There was no natural. Yeah. I, we don't really like to do that unless it makes sense. It has to be a natural break. Yeah. There's no like cling or anything like that. Yeah. So we're gonna get into it. It's gonna be a long one. Sit tight. I really think you guys are gonna think this one is interesting. Let's go. And actually, it's kind of like kismet timing because Aggie Underwood plays a role in this story.


And if you don't know who that is, you will at a certain point in the story and then you can go over to Gossip's Bridal and at some point they are gonna be doing an episode that she, either she, they're featuring her or she's a part of one of their episodes. Yes. It's with Spencer and Madison New show just launched on August 6th. They dropped two episodes. So interesting. Go check that out. You'll love it. But let's get into this without further ado, let's go. We're talking about Nellie Mae Madison today. Nellie Mae Mooney, though before she was Nelly Mae Madison. What a cute name. I know. Isn't that cute? She was born April 5th, 1895 and Red Rock, Montana. She was the fifth child born to Edward and Kate Mooney. They, like a lot of other families at the time, had immigrated from Ireland in search of better opportunities when they arrived in the US several years earlier, Edward found work as a coal miner in the Midwest.


But the problem with coal mining at that time, and just in general, is that it's not really the most lucrative job. And it's not always a super permanent position. Yeah, that's like dangerous too. I was gonna say on top of that, it's incredibly dangerous and so rough work. Oof. So in the early 1890s, just before Nelly was born, Edward and Kate decided to take advantage of the Homestead Act, which was a federal program that provided land to individuals and families who were willing to settle in the western part of the country. Hmm. So they moved to the entire family to southwestern Montana where Edward found work with the railroad in the town of Dillon. Okay. So they just like up and moved, moved to Dillon, moved to DI to work on the railroad, all to live long day.


I love it. Like many families at the time, life in the relatively untamed western states at that point was wild, wild west. The wild, wild west. then wasn challenging for the moonies. They worked really hard to establish a sheep ranch on their land. And that really left a little time for any kind of entertainment or socialization outside of the farm. Yeah. The combination of a rural upbringing and Irish heritage would become a huge part of Nelly's personality. She was fearless, she was adventurous, she was outspoken. And while a lot of urban American life was dictated by rigid gender roles and expectations at that time, and it's still today. Yeah. The lives of ranchers and farmers were guided more by necessity than by cultural norms.


So the women in the Mooney family usually worked right alongside the men. They tended to the animals, they sheared the sheep. Like they, hell yeah. They did those quote unquote male roles at that time. But for Nellie and her mother, there were also additional chores like cooking, cleaning, and sewing. The more womanly things of the time. Womanly. But the mix of labor and sense of equality made Nellie a strong, independent young woman who could take care of herself in pretty much any situation. She grew up very like, well-rounded. Yeah. Independent, able to able to like, you know, break a bitch. Yeah. Literally, maybe. Yeah. You know, well, well, Nelly's independence and spirited personality were definitely assets on the farm.


They were, there were times where she definitely became too defiant. Ah, very much to her parents' dismay. in fact, in 1908 when she was just 13 years old, she eloped to Salt Lake City. I'm sorry, you said 13 years old. I said when she was 13 years old, she eloped with a man named Ralph Brothers, who was, you also said a man. I did, yeah. Yep. Okay. And I said a man who was 11 years older than her. So a predator. Correct. Oh my gosh. Yeah. That's upsetting. I've never heard this story. So this is all gonna be brand new to me. Oh, really? I don. Love that. I don, any of it. I like when you don't know the story that I'm don't even recognize the name.


I'm like, this is a crazy case. Yeah, yeah. Holy shit. This tiv me 13. Yeah. So she, oh my goodness. She eloped with him, aside from a few references to brothers during her later interrogation and trial. Oh, Nelly rarely spoke of this particular marriage. And there's very little known about their relationship. According to historian Kathleen Carnes, who I'm going to reference a lot here. She is like, so well-rounded on this one particular on I'm sure on many stories, but specifically on this story. Yeah. Like, but she said Brothers worked as a cowboy and Nellie was an expert horseback rider. So she could've met him at a local rodeo. But in truth, no one knew how the two came to meet because it's horrifying.


Yeah. Because he's 11 years older. He's a man than her and she's a child, 13 years old. So it's horrifying that she met a predator out in the world. Yeah. It usually is. Ew. Ew. Yeah. So in summary, Ew. Ew. But their daughter's secret marriage to brothers who they soon learned was a felon with a long criminal history, aside from being a predator shocking, was devastating to Edward and Kate Mooney. Yeah. Who were deeply religious. Oh, I'm sure. Once they found out where Nelly was, they immediately went to Salt Lake City and dragged her back to Montana. And a few weeks later, brothers filed a petition to have the marriage annulled in the petition. then wasn made clear that neither Nelly's parents gave their consent to this marriage.


So then wasn quickly an old, and she actually never saw Ralph Brothers again after that. But even though the marriage was very, very short lived and an old, like on paper, it never happened. It did bring considerable shame to the family. Absolutely. And it made Nelly an outcast. She rarely spoke about her childhood throughout her later life, but Kane noted a moment following her arrest in 1934 when a reporter asked to describe her adolescence. And Nelly said, then wasn unhappy. Hmm. Which is sad looking back. Yeah. You know, and it's like mean, that's all very traumatic. You're 13 years old and you're eloping with somebody like, what is life like? Yeah. Something's going on there. And it's also like you, how were you groomed by this man?


We don't even know that whole side of it, you know? Yeah. Like, we'll never know. And what were you possibly running away from? Yeah. There's a lot of unknowns and And what was he doing to make you want to run away from him? You know, like what was he saying to you? Like, yeah, it's all very upsetting. It's 13. I mean, that's young. That's a child. Child. That's a baby. Yeah. You're in, what are you like eighth grade? Yeah. You're a child. Yeah. That's crazy. But Nelly, aside from, you know, eloping at the age of 13 years old was like a lot of young people growing up in rural desolate America at the time. She was restless and she was desperate for a life way more exciting or glamorous than the one that she'd been brought up in. It's most likely this impatience and defiant nature that led Nelly to run away with Ralph Brothers in the first place.


And it would just be the first time her determination led her to pretty undesirable outcomes. A chance to get out of real life. Finally came again in the fall of 1912 when she paid a hundred dollars, which is about $3,000 today for tuition, for link's, modern business college. And she boarded a train for a one-way trip to Boise, Idaho boys at just 17 years old. This was a very bold act of independence because most of her peers, male and female, typically didn't leave home until many years later if they ever did at all. in fact, Nelly would be the only member of her immediate family to leave Montana. But she did return pretty often for visits in the years that followed.


So she arrived in the city with no social contacts, pretty few resources, but Boise offered her something that she never could have found in Dylan. She wanted that opportunity for a fresh start here. She wasn't Nelly Moody, a tainted divorcee with no education. She was a unknown entity. She could shape her identity and the future that she wanted from herself from pretty much the ground up. Yeah. So at the business college, she learned the basic skills required to succeed in business, like shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping calculation, and proper grammar. And after two years, she finished her coursework, but rather than enter the business world, she decided to get married again. Ah. This time to a man named Clarence Kennedy.


He was a local firefighter. They moved into a small apartment a few blocks from the fire station, but it didn't take long before Deli realized that this marriage might have been another impulsive mistake. And they separated less than a year later. Ah. Nelly actually never spoke publicly about this marriage either. And according to Kathleen Carnes, when asked about her marriages, Nelly always omitted Kennedy though. She never said why. Hmm. Interesting interest. Yeah. That's very interesting. Yeah. don don't know if then wasn, because then wasn just like super short-lived maybe, I mean, obviously the marriage to Ralph Brothers was too, but she didn't really talk about that one either. Yeah. But Kennedy, she just, she just omitted completely. Yeah. Huh. So single and on her own again, she found That's interesting.


It is. Yeah. She found work as a cashier at a local majestic theater, then wasn a movie house downtown back in Montana on the farm. She never had time for luxuries like movies. So here she quickly developed a big affinity for the films at a time when the silent film industry was making stars out of, once ordinary women like Clara be Betty Davis and Norma Sheer, and the days before the production code, these films actually portrayed women as independent and having agency over their own sexuality. Which is actually funny to think about. That's crazy to think about because it totally got flipped on its head. Yeah. Like just a few years later. Yeah. But at this time, she could watch those movies and aspire to be like these characters because of their independence and their own like That's amazing autonomy, how that changed so quickly.


It really is. Yeah. Yeah. But these characters felt familiar to her, who, like we said, she's always been independent. She's a defiant girl and she wanted to be like them. Yeah. For her, they represented the future that she wanted where she wasn't an outcast, she was just an independent woman. Yeah. So the movies and people weren't like shaming her for it. Yeah, exactly. You know, the movies may have empowered and validated Nelly's sense of independence, but that didn't stop her from getting married. A third time, just two years after her marriage to Kennedy fell apart in 1917, Nelly married Earl Trask. He was an auto mechanic who owned a repair shop in Boise. The marriage actually coincided with the onset of World War I and like a lot of women, Nelly was eager to do her part.


So she quit her job at the theater and she took a job as a quarter master clerk at Fort Boise where she was actually finally able to put her business school skills to use. Oh, there you go. Which is really cool. Yeah. The job paid better than any job she had. And for the first time in her life, she actually had disposable income. Oh shit. So this was when she began her lifelong practice of dressing really nicely. Oh yes. Paying extra attention to her appearance. She kind of got to dress like the woman that she was seeing in the movies. Yeah. She's doing a little self-care. Yes. You know, she's working hard for the money. Yeah. You get to self care a little bit. Exactly. Yeah. Now, in 1920, after hearing rumors of countless ordinary people striking at rich in the oil fields further west, her husband Earl decided that they should move out to California.


He's like, let's become an oil tycoon. He's like, let's go. We'll give it a shot. Let's give it a shot. He's like, let's go find a fucking fortune. All right, Earl, I feel like you got the right name for it. I mean, don don't know. I feel like Earl is an oil tycoon name. Absolutely. Right? Yeah. I 100% agree. So give her a shot. And also, this was perfect for, for Nellie. 'cause she had spent years watching these Hollywood stars on screen and now she was like, maybe I could go make it big out there. Yeah. You kidding me? Hollywood. Hollywood. Let's go. Hollywood. Hollywood. So they settled in Pasadena just a few months later. The first few months in California were really exciting. Nelly found work as a cashier at the Raymond Theater, just a few blocks from their apartment.


Oh, that's a fun job. Yeah. And she loved, loved, loved working at the theater. 'cause again, she loved those movies. Yeah. So then wasn really fun. then wasn exciting. She found a new job. She's, you know, finding some friends doing her thing. But the excitement and the newness of California started to wear off. And the old problems of their relationship began to pop back up. Oh. By the summer of 1921, Nelly and Earl split up and he moved to an apartment in Los Angeles. Oh man. Like her other marriages, she never really provided a lot of details about her life with Earl. She never really explained why the marriage came to an end. It's so bonker. It feels like it's then wasn such a big part of what she was looking for in her life.


But they're insignificant to her. The grand they're done, grand scheme, once they're done. Yeah. It's like once it's all done, like I wanted it in the moment. It's pretty insignificant to me now. She's very impulsive. It's interesting. Yeah. It's very impulsive. So when it's over, it's over. That's it. Yeah. It doesn't matter. It's like it never happened. Yeah. That's interesting way of thinking. And we'll talk about it, but it's actually nuts how often she was able to get divorced. Like Yeah. Divorces weren't granted. Yeah. That easy. It's not like you could just, yeah. Yeah. We'll get to it. But, but within a few months after separating, Nellie actually had no idea where Earl had gone and she would never see him again. Wow.


Honestly, that's probably ideal to most divorced couples. Well, and at that point then wasn like no kids or anything, you're just like, yeah, we just never see each other again. That would be great. We just got separated and never saw each other again. Yeah. And that is that like then wasn the way where she definitely could have gotten a divorce. Yeah. Because then wasn like desertion essentially. Yeah. She's gone. So in January of 1923, she filed a petition for that divorce claiming quote, her husband had walked out with no warning. One warm summer day and she hadn't seen him since. Damn. That's a country song. That's poetic. That is a country song. It really is. On a warm summer day, he walked out on me and I never saw him again. Oh. And let my horse die. A year later in January, 1924, that divorce was finalized and Nelly was once again a single lady.


I bet not for long. Probably not. Now we'll get into this a little bit because like I was just saying, divorce was kind of a source of shame and stigma for American women throughout most of the 20th century. It's a testament to her independence. And again, her defiant spirit that at a time when less than 10% of marriages ended in divorce. Damn. Think about that now. I think it's like 50% of marriages ended divorce. Oh, it's wild. It's fluctuated totally the other way. At that point, less than 10% ended that way. Man. The amount of unhappy people. Oh yeah, a hundred percent. 'cause like the fact that people were just sticking in marriages that were like so unhappy or toxic.


Yeah. Just for the stigma of it all. Like, damn, it's nuts. But Nelly thought nothing of ending one marriage and quickly entering another, which was, she was ahead of her time in that way. That's the thing. Like it really is a testament to who the fuck she was. Yeah. 'cause it's like, I'm not saying like go out and just marry people and divorce them willy-nilly. No, but like, especially 'cause they didn't, she didn't have kids. Yeah, exactly. So it's not like it's, you know, if you're unhappy, you're unhappy. Yeah. Why stick in it? And you shouldn't stick in it for the kids anyways. But it's like, but then wasn a very, that makes it harder. And that's on a lot of people's minds when they're going through that. Of course. But when it's just you guys, it's like, but then wasn such a progressive opinion to have at that time. Yeah. And actually the fact that she has all these marriages and doesn't have any kids is actually a later point of suspicion.


Which is interesting. Yeah. I, I was thinking then wasn gonna be used against her because like, what's this lady doing? Not having kids and just marrying and divorcing men all over the place. Yep. It, it absolutely is. Interesting. But we'll get there. Yeah. First, when then wasn not right when the divorce was finalized, then wasn a little over one year after her divorce from Earl got finalized, Nellie got married for a fourth time. Damn to William Brown. Wow. The brother of her divorce attorney. Wow. I mean, eventually you are gonna start fishing in the pond that's closest. You know, in your divorce, your, your divorce attorney's brother, divorce attorney is quickly becoming your closest common house I know he's, he's gonna start being your wing man at this point.


I actually don't know if she used the same one for a few of these. Yeah. But I'm assuming she must have. Yeah. Who knows? Yeah. Wow. So


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time to yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are really more important than ever. I find that I'm actually a much more productive person when I'm in therapy because I have that hour a week or hour every two weeks that's allotted for my wellbeing. And I take some of the things that I learn in therapy and I can apply those things to the rest of my week. If you are thinking of starting therapy, I totally recommend it. And I say give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


More bad people often throw shade on renting, calling it a bad, long-term deal. But what if I told you that with built rewards, your rent money isn't just paying the landlord, it's secretly plotting to fund your future dream home. Builts got the inside scoop on turning your rent into a legit investment in your home ownership journey. Built is breaking ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month. Pay your rent and watch built points. Roll in, use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or a hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points toward a future rent payment or toward a future down payment on a home pay rent, hassle free through the Built Rewards app. Your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guy and bank rate earn points by paying rent. Right now. When you go to join built.com/ Morbid, that's J-O-I-N-B-I-L t.com/ Morbid. Make sure to use our URL so they know that we sent you join built.com/ Morbid to start earnIn points with your rent payments today.


She got married to William Brown. William was also an attorney actually, and he worked for the city prosecutor for several years before he started his own private practice. Not long before meeting Nelly. Of all her relationships, Nelly's marriage to William Brown was actually probably her most traditional then wasn a Catholic wedding. But after five years, it ended like all the others did. And by 1930, the couple was officially separated. In the years that followed both parties claim to be victims of spousal battery in their separate divorce filings and Nelly's filing, she accused Brown of hitting her, chasing her around the house and tearing up their marriage certificate. Damn. William also accused her of violence alleging that she quote, struck him over the head with a bottle so hard it required seven stitches to close the wound.


Oh my. At one point both accused each other of attempted murder, each claiming that the other had shot at the other during arguments after the separation. Holy shit. So I would say that that relationship was toxic. Yeah. To say the very least. Yeah. Just, just a little toxic. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Glad that's over. Like we were just saying like a minute ago, because divorces were very hard to obtain at that time. Kathleen Karn suggests that the accusations Nelly and William made in their respective divorce petitions, quote, may have been exaggerations or never occurred at all. Just to speed along the process. Yeah. Compelling excuses they both knew would win them a favorable judgment.


Like they both just wanted to get out of this marriage and they didn't want any Yeah. You know, anyone pushing back because interestingly enough, he later becomes kind of like a confidant for her. Interesting. Yeah. So it's hard. I mean, relationships are toxic and they go through cycles where they're like super duper toxic and then they're like, love bombing. So who knows? Yeah. But interesting. Very interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So following this divorce, Nelly decided that she needed a fresh start. So she packed up her few belongings and she moved out to Palm Springs about a hundred miles north of Los Angeles. Despite the worsening economic depression in the us, Palm Springs was actually a budding tourist town, really popular with Hollywood elites.


So Nick Nelly quickly found work as a cashier at the Village Inn, one of the pioneering hotels in the area. And she actually was soon promoted to manager. So she worked her way up there. Wow. Really quickly. Yeah. Within a couple years she had become an invaluable asset to the company and she actually started splitting her time between Palm Springs and the San Bernardino mountains where she managed a resort in the summer months. Hmm. So this place had her managing multiple properties. Damn. Yeah. Look at her. Which that's a big deal. Yeah. To be a woman and to be doing that like Absolutely. then wasn an honor in late 1932, Nellie was readying to marry for the fifth time this time to a visitor who frequented the hotel, but she was actually never really interested in marrying this guy.


And the engagement period dragged on until March of 1933 when she met a man named Eric Madison. Oh, well I recognize that last name. I was waiting for that. Like Nelly Madison had come to Palm Springs looking for work and eventually took a job managing the coffee shop at the village in, so both now employed at the hotel Nelly and Eric became friendly and soon she called off her engagement to this other guy and started dating Madison. Wow. Yeah. Damn. Is she? She's got here. She got, she got something. She's got, she's got some kind of riz. Yeah, she does. As the kids would say. Does, kids would say, it's not difficult to see why Nelly was initially attracted to Eric Madison, like herself.


He came from hard, hardworking immigrant parents and he left home at a young age looking for an adventure. So they were kinda like-minded that way. Yeah. From like stock. Yeah, exactly. When he was still a teenager, he actually started traveling across Europe. And in the years that followed his return to the US he had lived in cities all over the country. So he was very worldly. Yeah. And also like Nelly, he had been married and divorced, which meant that he was somewhat familiar with, I mean, there was a stigma, there was way more of a stigma for women than there was for men, of course. But he was familiar with that stigma nonetheless. Yeah. He was, Nelly would tell her boss a most fascinating man, one whom I can love with all my body and soul.


Wow. I love how people talked back then. Right. And it's like I, again, I don't know what's happening here, but obviously I've been around the block a few times with these kind of stories and I can sense impending doom coming upon this whole thing. Yeah. But in this moment I'm sitting here going, wow, that's beautiful. They seem great together. That sounds like real, like I love him with my body. And so that's what it should be, my friend. I agree. Welcome. That's the thing thing, like I don't think we're gonna be the same, but remember she's also hella impulsive. She sure is. So elli, Eric at least partially represented the indescribable excitement that she'd been seeking since she left the farm. He was romantic. Like I said, he was worldly.


He wanted more out of life than just a quiet domestic arrangement. Like they both wanted more. Yeah. Although he was managing the coffee shop for now, he assured Nellie that he was an entrepreneur and he had bigger plans for himself. He actually wanted to become something in the restaurant industry. But while Nelly may have been enamored with Madison, her boss, Nel Kaufman actually tried to discourage the relationship. Huh. He warned her that Eric had a volatile temper and was often quick to anger and yeah, sure. Maybe he had these big dreams and considered himself this astute businessman, but he was an unreliable employee and actually quite lazy. Yeah. See it feels like it's like that classic like, oh, I got big plans promising the world.


Yeah. I'm gonna promise everything. And when someone says he has a volatile temper aesthetic to, you should stay away from that. You should heed that, heed that warning, heed that. Or at least like slow down a little bit. That's the thing. Like proceed with caution. Like I'm, I fully respect wanting to make your own opinion about money for sure. But proceed with caution. Don't attach all your assets to that get exactly right off the bat. No, but interestingly enough, in June of 1933, Kaufman actually fired Eric for insubordination and he left to find work in Riverside, which was a town about 50 miles outside of la desperate to hold onto their relationship.


Nellie quit her job at Village. Whoa. Which remember, this doesn't feel like her. No, it doesn't. It actually, it does not at all. Yeah. And remember, she had worked really hard at Village to the point where she was quickly promoted to manager and then entrusted with managing another property. Yeah. So like that's giving up everything. That's a, that's a bridge burned right there. Yeah. And it's giving up everything you worked for for this guy, which is not for a guy which doesn't feel like, like again, she's, she's a, A strange dichotomy. She is of a human being. 'cause she's like, has to be in a relationship at all times. Yeah. Which feels very codependent and very like insecure and very much that way.


Definitely. But like at the same time, she doesn't feel, she considers them so insignificant later that it feels like giving up everything to run off with a guy doesn't feel exactly like it fits her style. Yeah. Yeah. don, don don't know. don don't know. Their relationship is very interesting and I will get to it later and we can kind of revisit this part of the story, but I have my suspicions as to why she was so, so ready to drop everything. So, yeah. Alright. So like I said, she quit her job. She follows Eric to Riverside. By then the inheritance she received after her mother's death a few years earlier had finally cleared. So she was able to access the thousand dollars that her mom had left her, which today would be about $25,000.


Oh wow. So she had a lot of money. Yeah. And she did, didn't need the income from working full-time, at least right now. But before she could access those funds, she would have to travel to Montana to sign some papers. So just before she was about to leave for Montana, Eric proposed to Nellie. Interesting timing. If you ask me. And she, you mean before she's supposed to sign papers for a large inheritance. Yeah. Crazy, right? don don't think that had anything to do with it. No, probably not. No. Well, who, who are we? But she, she's enamored. So she enthusiastically accepted. Yeah. They're in lure, they're in something. She suggested an Arizona wedding and even had a friend and a lawyer that she'd met years earlier in mind for their witness.


Oh. But Eric had other plans. He said he had a friend in Salt Lake City who was a minister and would happily marry the couple. Oh shit. Well, I've got a friend over here that can also marry Yeah. Friends in high places. But he also pointed out Arizona would've required them to go out of their way where Salt Lake City was along the way to Montana. So this sounded like a great idea. She said, oh, that's a better idea. Yeah, let's go with that. Why not? And in June of 1933, they were married in Salt Lake City and then continued on to Montana where they spent about two weeks in Dylan visiting Nelly's family and signing over papers for that very large inheritance that had nothing to do with the marriage. Definitely not. Nope. None. At first. Nelly's marriage terror seemed like it actually would finally be the one that took, but it wasn't long before she started to realize those things.


Her old boss had warned her about Uhoh. After leaving Montana with that large inheritance, they planned to move on to Oregon, Portland, Oregon, where Eric found a job managing a hotel. But within weeks of their arrival, he got into an explosive argument with a coworker and ended up being fired like immediately. We're seeing a little bit of a pattern here. Yeah. So from Portland, they returned to Southern California this time to El Monte, where got a job helping a friend in a restaurant. Okay. Unfortunately, that job came to an end just a few weeks later when he got into yet another argument and was asked to leave the position. What I'm seeing here is that he has an explosive temper and that he's quick to anger that we has someone told us that.


That's so crazy. I think somebody said those exact words. I feel like I've heard that. Yeah. So thanks to the multiple job losses and failed investments, by February of 1934, Nelly and Eric had blown through Nelly's entire inheritance because he can't hold a job and she bailed on hers. Yep. Cool. And was just gonna rely on that money. Awesome. But now they're moving all over the place. Yeah. Like having to pay for somewhere to live. None of em are having a job without having actual income. Boy. Oh boy. So they're desperate for money. Fortunately, Eric was able to get a job maintaining vending machines and working in the commissary. Commissary, excuse me, at Warner Brothers, which Oh, that's cool. Movie studio. Yeah.


Nelly also managed to get some part-time work at the studio working as a cashier. then wasn a far cry from managing those two successful hotels in Palm Springs. But they both decided that it would hold them over until something better came along and it would cover the rent at the Sterling Arms Apartments, which was located just a block or two away from the studio. So then wasn like they were close to work. They were bringing in money that they could pay for. So things, yeah. They weren't looking up, but they were okay for the time being. Yeah. I mean, you, they, they this, these jobs are taking care of what you need them to take care of for the time being. Yeah. You know, they can be a step up into what you really wanna do and maybe things will be okay. Right. I don't think they will, but maybe, probably not.


Okay. On Sunday, March 25th, Belle Bradley, love that name. That's a great name. Belle Bradley. She was the landlady at the Sterling Arms Apartments. She became concerned about her tenants in room 1 23, Eric and Nelly Madison. Hmm. The previous evening, there had been a loud commotion in their room, followed by what sounded like gunshots. But when Bradley knocked on the door to inquire about the noise, Mrs Madison appeared at the door and she assured her everything was fine. Oh. They agreed that the gunshots must have come from the lot across the street because Warner Brothers was actually shooting a new gangster movie. They were shooting a new gangster movie. They were shooting a gangster movie. I love that. So they're like, oh, the shots must have been from there. Wow. What a perfect coincidence.


I know. Crazy. Yeah. But still, Bradley suspected that there might have been something going on, like something more going on than it appeared. Yeah. Eric Madison had recently been fired from his job at the studio after only a month. He's, he never gets fired. Never. But that made her curious about how they were gonna be able to afford rent going forward. Valid. She was like, I'm concerned I know since you have no income. I'd like to know. Yeah. Well you have, you have Nelly's income, but that's not gonna be enough. Yeah. And you've basically blown through that at this point. Yeah. So after knocking loudly, because, so she checks on them the night before. Yeah. And then she's still concerned. So she's there the next morning and she knocked loudly for a few minutes and got no response.


So she opened the door and cautiously entered the main room, calling out to see if anybody was there. Still. She's getting no response. So she made her way toward the bedroom. The room was messy, the drapes were drawn. So then wasn dark inside and the bed appeared to have been slept in recently. There were also magazines scattered across the floor, like somebody had been reading through them recently, or like going through them. And a pair of glasses was sitting on the nightstand and she noticed that one lens was cracked. Oh. When she looked toward the floor on the, the side of the bed, she saw what she thought was a man's foot sticking out. Oh. So she moved closer to confirm what she was seeing, and that's when she discovered the body of Eric Madison.


He was lying slightly on his left side and curled up almost into a fetal position. He was wearing only his underwear, which at that point in time was a white one piece that covered him from his torso to just above the knee. Okay. And the upper portion of that underwear was soaked through with blood from several bullet holes she could see from where she stood. Oh shit. So she screamed and fled the room and terror. Oh, poor bell. When she got downstairs, she called the police and officers were dispatched immediately and arrived a few minutes later. Detective DJ mocker of the LAPD homicide squad was the first to arrive at the scene. And when he saw the body, he called his boss, chief Elmer Adams, which I just like that name.


Elmer Adams. Elmer Adams and Elmer Adams arrived a short time later with several additional officers and a team of reporters and photographers who had heard about the murder, followed everybody into the apartment. That's probably fine. What a time to be alive inside the scene. Gave no indication of what had happened. Leading up to Eric Madison's death. There was no evidence of a break-in, and while the room was messy, nothing appeared to have been stolen in the bedroom. The victim's blood had splattered across the wall, and there were actually nicks in the headboard and the wall from bullets that went through Eric's body. Holy shit. But. there was no sign of the gun anywhere. By 7:00 PM the coroner had come and gone, and Eric's body had been loaded into the hearse and taken to the morgue.


A few days later, the autopsy would be completed and it would confirm that he was indeed the victim of murder. His killer had fired six shots at him. Damn. With a 32 caliber revolver. Two struck him in the back, one in the head, one grazed his right arm just below the elbow. Damn. Yeah. The cause of death was attributed to the two shots in the back, which did massive internal damage and he bled to death. Damn. That's how he died. Holy shit. He, so he just bled out on the floor. Holy shit. At the time, the most obvious question in everyone's minds was, where was the victim's wife? Nellie Madison. Earlier that morning, several residents of the Sterling Arms apartments had seen Nelly leave her apartment with a bundle of newspapers under her arm.


Oh. She exchanged pleasantries with her neighbors as she passed by. Hello, good morning. How are you? Oh my. And then she got into their car and drove away, and no one had seen her since. Oh boy. Given that she seemed to be the key that would unlock the entire case, the Sheriff's Department issued an all points bulletin, warning, law enforcement across the state to watch out for a quote, beautiful black-haired woman driving a dark blue 1930 Buick sedan and believed to be armed and dangerous. That could only happen in that era. Look out for this. Look out. Crazy, beautiful murder. Black haired woman. She's beautiful with black hair also. She's armed and dangerous.


Wow. That goes crazy. As Caleb would say. Wow. Yeah. Like truly. Wow. That's a legit quote. Yeah. then wasn. I was, that blew my mind. That's That's wild. Yeah. Like truly, truly wild. Yeah. It's something. Damn. So the next day police made a statement to the press where they theorized that Eric Madison quote, had undressed, and after pulling back the covers of the double bed was apparently about to retire when he was shot from behind. Investigators didn't hesitate to name Nellie as their prime suspect. Telling reporters, Mrs Madison two, two days ago, remarked to two women friends in the apartment house that she feared her husband was playing around with another woman.


Ooh. Those fears they claimed sent her into a jealous rage causing her to murder her husband. Ah. Of course, the papers that morning ran with the story. Immediately. They published a description of Nelly in a recent photograph in the hopes that somebody might come forward with any information and they got lucky immediately. Oh, just a few hours after the article ran, a man named Charles Brown walked into the sheriff's department and he said he didn't know anybody named Nelly Madison, but he did know the woman in the paper as his brother William's, ex-wife. Nelly Brown. Whoa. Remember she had been married. Holy shit. To William Brown. Oh man.


then wasn from the obviously biased Charles Brown, that investigators got their first detailed description of Nelly's personality. Brown explained that she had been abusive and violent with his brother. He also conveniently admitted that William had also been accused of abuse. Of course, he said that she had even attempted to shoot him at one point in their brief marriage. Holy shit. He alleged that she had cultivated a kind of outlaw persona for herself. What the fuck? And had no reservations. This is not funny. He said he, she had no reservations about engaging in typic, typically masculine behaviors like gambling and drinking and smoking. And perhaps most scandalous of all Nelly's marriage to William was not her first marriage.


then wasn her fourth. And like all those others, their relationship didn't produce any children. Weird. What the fuck? Suspicious. That's, you gotta be a murderer. You must be. You gotta be for marriage is no children. Murderer. Yeah. Murder. It's like I. don know. Maybe she's infertile. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know if we should point to that. Yeah. That's the reason. But like, wow. But you're an outlaw 'cause you didn't have kids. What a fucking time to be alive. What a time. She's been married four times and not one child. Like, okay. As for where Nellie might've gone, he explained that he didn't think Nelly had any relatives nearby, but he did say she was close with an older man named Robert Cuddy, who owned a small ranch about 80 miles north of LA in the San Joaquin Valley.


And it seemed possible that she could be hiding out there. To call Robert Cuddy's home in the valley of ranch was probably too generous a term in the winter of 1934, most of Northern California was very sparsely populated. Then wasn, a densely forested region, and it had yet to be taken over by the timber and agricultural industries. Hmm. Aside from the near reclusive year-round residents, then wasn becoming popular with fishing, hunting, and camping enthusiasts like the brown family who owned a small cabin a few miles away from what was locally referred to as Cuddy Ranch. Cudi Ranch it. Cudi Ranch. Cutty Ranch. I love how you said that. I know why I said it.


then wasn through her then husband William that Nelly met and formed a close relationship with the elderly Cuddy One elderly, Cuddy, the elderly Cuddy, who was one of the few people Nelly thought she could turn to and trust in a crisis situation. Oof. It took some time to track down the location of the cabin. But once investigators, Willard Killian and Ray Rowe got in, got directions to Cudi ranch, they traveled there very certain that they were going to find Nellie Madison hiding out. When they arrived at the small cabin at the end of the long dirt road, they hadn't even made it to the steps of the cabin. When Robert Cuddy emerged from the door with a 30, 30 shotgun in his hand. Also, I think that's how you say it. This is the wild West.


Quite literally, truly figuratively, literally all of the above. The detectives identified themselves as law enforcement and explained that they were looking for Nellie Madison. And he said, I know her. She hasn't been around here since last fall. And then he reminded them that they needed a warrant. If they wanted to search any part of his property. That's legit. It is. But before he could object any further, the two detectives disarmed and threatened him saying persistence in that attitude was a good way to get yourself in jail. And that caused him to back down. He's just an elderly rancher. Just an elderly rancher. And he's actually completely right. Yeah. You do need a a warrant to search his property. Yeah. But they scared him. So they started looking around and in the garage, along the side of the cabin, they discovered Nelly's dark blue sedan confirming that she was indeed in the area.


Wow. During a quick search of the car, they discovered a 32 caliber revolver and an open box of shells in the glove compartment, as well as a receipt for that gun, which had been purchased on the day of the shooting, huh? Yeah. At that point, the officers ordered cudi into the house at gunpoint and started searching inside of the small cabin in the bedroom. Killian pulled back the sheet that covered the closet and discovered a pile of coats, blankets, and other clothing piled up on the floor. And beneath all that mess, he could clearly see a pair of feet and tan and white women's shoes. Oh man. So he just started pulling back blankets and coats from the closet and eventually discovered Nelly Madison crouched in that tiny closet and demanded she come out.


That's wild. The closet was so tiny that it took her several seconds to get out of that cramped space. Damn. But eventually she emerged and he grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her out into the main room of the house. He told her, we know your husband's dead. You shot him. We want to talk to you about it. Damn. She was calm, she was composed. She didn't react to the accusation other than to say, don don't know anything about that. I, that's probably the best thing you can say in that situation. Also at this point in time, there was no Miranda rights. Oh, shit. So when they arrested her, that's all they said. They were just like, come on, you shot your, they like you, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you ca you say will be used against you or can be, or whatever. You have a right to an attorney.


All that shit. Like, like she did bring to an attorney, but they didn't have to, but they didn't have to tell her that. No. Upon arrest. Isn't it crazy to think about? I always forget that there's a time before Miranda writes. Yeah. And that time was a long time. Yeah. It's nuts. Damn. So for better or worse, Nelly stoicism in the face of the accusations from hardened detectives would become one of the most talked about aspects of the case. I'm sure more often than not, when someone accuses someone of murder, usually that person accused kinda like protests a lot. Yeah. To say like, I guess being like, I don't know anything about that is a good, it's sort of like saying I didn't do it. But you think if you didn't do it, you'd be like, oh my God, I would never kill my husband.


Holy shit. Yeah. She just said, don don't know anything about that. Yeah. But she doesn't, and she also said literally not one word to the detectives as they drove back to la. She's remaining silent. She is. She has that right. And she knows it. Remember she was married to an attorney. There you go.


If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and the things that you value the most. And after watching about 400 million Dateline episodes and listening to all the true crime podcasts, you possibly could I know. And I knew that I needed to secure my home with the best. My research led me to SimpliSafe. I've trusted SimpliSafe to protect my home for like four years now. And the level of security and customer care has been incredible the whole way through. I sleep so much better every night knowing SimpliSafe ISS 24 7. Professional monitoring agents are standing by to protect me. And if somebody tries to break in, they can send emergency help when I need it the most. What I personally love most is that SimpliSafe just keeps getting better. With exclusive lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders inside your home. Warning them, get out. The police are on their way. Drop that valuable. As a SimpliSafe user, it's no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report. For five years running and the best customer service in home security by Newsweek, protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid. That's simply safe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe, like SimpliSafe


listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. Right now I'm listening to She Left. It's written by Stacy Gray, but the audio title is narrated by Linda Jones, and I just think she has a voice like silk. It's very relaxing and soothing. And it's funny because it's like a very scary story, but she makes it just sound so great. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including latest bestsellers and new releases. And new members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


She was similarly silent when she placed in the, when she was placed in the interrogation room, surrounded by detectives, reporters, photographers in the interrogation room. Yeah. They were allowed in the interrogation room. Kathleen Carnes noted. The relationship between reporters and police was quite different at that time. Don't say, and reporters don't say, and photographers all swept into the interrogation room with Nellie. That is bonkers. Like just picturing that and I mean, picturing how overwhelming that must be, the chaos of that and then having to answer questions and honestly, the detectives having to interrogate under that kind of Yeah. Situation. Like it's such a delicate dance.


Yeah. Interrogation. Absolutely. And to have all that chaos and circus around you, like, no, it's wild. They were getting proper ones then wasn. It's a wild scene to imagine. Yeah. But in the interrogation room, she was peppered with questions about the night of the murder as they tried to get more information out of her, or even some kind of confession. Kane said they really didn't know what to make of her. She's not submissive in the face of being questioned by all these men. That's, I love that. But I'm like you, I think you killed your husband. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Okay. Again, I don't know this case, so I'm like, I'm like, she sounds like such a bad bitch. And it's like, I don't want her to be a murderer. I don't wanna tell you anything. Yeah. I, I won't, I'll, I'll let it flow.


Yeah. I, no, I don't blame you for wanting to know that. Yeah. This is a very interesting case. Oh, that's okay. All right. I just love the idea, like she's not submissive in the face of being questioned by all this men. Like, she's like, she's like throwing them all off their game. Well, no matter what, that's that. That's the thing. She is throwing everyone off their game. Quite the contrary. in fact, Nelly remained quietly defiant as she was harshly scrutinized by a room full of increasingly aggressive men. That's horrifying. That's the only thing. She's the only woman in that room. And these are all men. Like bring her with questions, girl. Probably getting up in her face, screaming at her like that would be terrifying. Yeah. It'd be scary. But while she continued denying any knowledge of the murder, she did reluctantly answer some basic biographical questions.


She confirmed that she had been married five times and she said she was, and always had been childless because then wasn a big point of this case. Of course, they continued asking her like, you don't have any children? None. She's like, no. Married five times, no kids. Yeah. Hey, you got kids lady, why you got no kids? You're an outlaw. They just kept asking her, okay. And she's like, yep, no kids. Yeah. Thanks for asking her. Again, former San Diego public defender, Gary Gibson said, and their eyes, the number of marriages was astonishing. And the fact that she had no children from those was suspicious. The fact that that's suspicious. I just can't get over that feel fucking suspicious about like, are you trying to like, I'm like, do you guys think she killed those kids? Or like, yeah. Like I'm like, 'cause many people with children commit heinous crimes.


Yeah. It's like, why is it suspicious that she's like, but you are not mul mutually. Excuse. Excuse. Yeah. Like having children isn't gonna stop you if you're committing heinous crimes. Yeah. I don't know exactly what their suspicions were. I think it's more just like it's suspicious. Like they, it's unheard of. Yeah. So like it makes them suspicious. Like, who the fuck is who the woman the fuck are you? Yeah. It's weird though. Like so weird. It's hard to wrap your mind around that. But investigators had, they only ever had one suspect. And Nelly knew if she wanted to stay out of jail, she couldn't stay quiet forever. Yeah. But rather than cave to the increasing pressure from the detectives, she did something that shocked almost everyone in the interrogation room. She refused to answer any more questions without her lawyer present and demanded a phone call.


Damn. She knows her rights. Like I said, at the time of Nelly's arrest, Miranda versus Arizona, the case that established that law enforcement has a legal obligation to inform individuals of their rights when they're being placed under arrest was still 30 years away. Wow. 30 fucking years away. So we're talking, hearing that will never not shock me. I think it's like 1960s. Yeah. So there's been so many cases that we've talked about, I mean, that Miranda rights weren't a part of, and that we just like, don't really think about it. No. Which is nuts because you just, it's, it hasn't been around more than it has been around at this point, which is wild. Yeah. Honestly.


And because of that, a lot of people in this, in that time period before Miranda versus Arizona, didn't really know that they had particular rights. No, they did that have those rights. They just weren't being read to them. But like I said earlier, having been married to a defense attorney not so long ago, Nelly was one of the few who knew she had a right not to answer questions. Wow. And a right to demand a lawyer, what an upper hand in that situation. Yeah. Because imagine if she hadn't known that, no, this could have gone very differently. And it doesn't really go completely well for her, but we'll get there. In late 1933 and early 1994, defense attorney Joseph Ryan had started advertising his services to the public all around Los Angeles.


And as it happened, Nelly happened to pick up a matchbook with his contact information on it at some point in time, and then wasn in her purse at her time of arrest. Oh shit. So when she was allowed to make a call, she hired Ryan as her lawyer on the spot, and he rushed down to the precinct to represent his client. Damn. then wasn luck maybe. Oh, Nelly probably assumed that he was a good lawyer. Like would would be just like I did. Yeah. Just like you did. She assumed he'd be as good a lawyer as any, and it couldn't be worse than having no attorney at all, she thought. But she didn't really know anything about him or his history. According to Gary Gibson, Joseph Ryan had gotten fired from the district attorney's office and had become the equivalent of an ambulance chaser.


Oh yeah. That's not good. Eek. So he informed his client, Joseph Ryan informed his client to say nothing to the police or the press for the time being and let him take the lead. And that's exactly what she did. Within days of her arrest, Ryan had assembled the press and given a statement where he told the reporters what she told me, to my mind, constitutes a perfect defense. He also assured the press that Nellie was innocent and denied any part in the shooting. Okay. Okay. I mean, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So let's go. While he was enthusiastically defending his client in the press, investigators continued tirelessly working to build an airtight case against Nellie. It turned out the gun that they found in her car at Cudi Ranch was actually not the weapon used in the murder.


Whoa. But the receipt was evidence of her owning a second gun. Oh. Which they had yet to find and believe to be that murder weapon. Oh. Detectives actually traced that receipt to a gun shop on Hollywood Boulevard, and the merchant remembered Nellie due to the unusual circumstances of the purchase. According to the owner of the shop, she had come in the previous week with a Spanish revolver that she had recently purchased from a pawn shop and then wasn badly in need of repair. The man told her they didn't have a gunsmith at the shop, and she explained a quote. She and her husband were looking to spend the weekend at a mountain cabin near Le Lebec, I think, and wished to do some target shooting. Okay. And when she learned that the gun couldn't be repaired, she switched up tactics telling her man.


Telling, telling her man, her man, telling the man, her husband had insisted if the revolver couldn't be repaired, that she should buy a new one. So he sold her a 32 20 caliber cult revolver. Okay. Revolver. don. Don't know why I said revolver. Revolver. Prior to completing the sale though, he raised the issue of a permit, which Nelly didn't have, and he reminded her that there was a state law that required buyers to wait a full 24 hours between purchase and pickup of a firearm. Okay. Which I actually didn't know he explained in none of this conversation, did she display the least Ill feeling toward her husband? But he did say she did become visibly anxious about having to wait to get the gun. Huh. After explaining that they were leaving that afternoon, she was like, I really need this now.


Like, is there any way you could do me a solid? He relented and allowed her to leave with that gun. Oh shit. He kind of broke a off, so he, yeah, that wasn't good. Yeah, definitely not. He was probably shit on that man. So as investigators continued putting together the pieces of the case without Nelly's help, the press quickly picked up the sensational story and ran with it. Gary Gibson said she was the cool, quiet, good looking, femme fatal. She was this hot chick who killed her husband. The Yeah. Pretty much according to the press. According to the press, they referred to her variously as the Sphinx woman, iron Woman, and Enigma Woman. All references get it together to herself, like get it together.


Enig Enigma woman is my favorite. Yeah. Like they were all referencing her stoicism in the air of mystery they felt was surrounding her. Damn. It's a lot. She's just not like smiling or showing lots of emotion. She's just like talking, she's fucking stone. And it's like, or she's just a human under a lot of pressure. Iron Woman, like, come on, Sphinx Woman, all of them are a woman. Wild. Yeah. But her commitment to silence may have had a certain appeal to the media. It did little to help her cause an illegal sense. Yeah. At the end of March when Nelly was called to testify at the coroner's inquest, she declined saying she would quote, stand by her constitutional rights. Oh, yikes. Because remember she, she was doing that in the beginning because she didn't have a lawyer yet.


And she knew then wasn her. Right. So she was like, let me not say anything. Now she, my lawyer's here, but now her lawyers' telling her, she's advising her, her stay quiet. She's being advised not to talk. Which you think would be, you know, you listen to that. Yeah. You listen to that. And she is, because they know what they're talking about. And I'm sure that has its pros, but it also has its cons because then everybody else is filling in the story for you. Exactly. Later then wasn learned that Nelly's silence was largely the result of her lawyer's instructions. But at that time, her refusal to speak, like I was just saying, only gave others time to fill in the gaps for her. Yeah. For example, Sheriff's deputies happily told reporters of her several failed marriages, basically revealing her private shame to readers all over California, if not the United States.


'cause this got big, they claimed this information may have no direct bearing on the present case, but we want to gather all the data on Mrs Madison that we can. Yeah. So that we can just paint her in a certain way. Exactly. Yeah. The fact that law enforcement would share these details with the press was a pretty telling of the public disapproval of women like Nellie Madison. Yeah. Kathleen Karn said they didn't like her lifestyle or the fact that she didn't break down and cry. Yeah. That's 100%. Part of this is they were pissed that they couldn't get her to break. Yeah. They wanna break her down. And they did. And they cannot handle the idea of not being able to break, at least anybody. Especially not this woman. Exactly. So they're like, if we can't do it, the public will do it for us. Yeah. The public will break breaker down for us. And it's like, that's fucked.


Yeah. It is. On April 12th, a grand jury was convened to review the evidence in the case. And at that time, several witnesses, including that landlady, Belle Bradley, Robert Coy, and the gun shop owner gave testimony that supported the prosecution's case. Nelly, on the other hand, offered no defense and said very little When asked for comment, Joseph Ryan explained that the surprise defense of Mrs Madison would not be told at the hearing and that she would stick to her decision to say nothing until brought to trial. So he is like, I got something up my sleeve, but I'm not telling you yet. And we're like, do you, Ryan? Do you? We're still asking. We said today we're still asking. Yeah. Yeah. Without evidence in her favor and no explicit defense offered, Nellie was held without bail and the case was deemed appropriate for the state superior court.


And that trial date was set for May 24th. Obviously the trial was pushed back a number of times because that always happens. That does always happen. It's so many like formalities and Yeah. Like each side tries to get it pushed so they can have a longer to spend working on it. Yeah. But jury selection finally started on June 6th, 1934, and then wasn while questioning prospective jurors that Joseph Ryan started to give some indication of his supposed secret defense when he asked jurors questions like, do you object to homicide as self-defense? Ooh. So was he going for a self-defense angle here? don don't know. He wasn't the only one whose rhetoric provided some insight into their trial strategy.


District attorney. I think it's Buron Fitz. Yep. It is. Yeah. Bureau I, 'cause I say so. Yep. It's Reon Fitz. He also caused Stir with his indication that the state wanted to make an example out of Nelly and intended to pursue the death penalty. Holy shit. Yeah. Deputy District Attorney George Stallman told a reporter before the trial began, her motive is of no concern to the prosecution. She shot her husband in the back. Whoa. in the state of California, only two women at that point had ever been given the death penalty. Laura Fair in 1871, and Emma Ledou in 1906, but both had their sentences commuted and they both avoided execution.


So no woman had been put to death in California. She would be the first woman to be executed in the state. Yes. History at that point. To make matters worse, the judge overseeing this particular case was Judge Charles Frick. A quote, not notorious hanging judge who rarely had any sympathy for the accused in court. You have to take a long look at your life. If you are known as a notorious hanging judge who has no sympathy for the accused, like you gotta take a look. Yeah. You gotta take a little peek back. You gotta think about that a little. And you just gotta, yeah. You gotta think on it for a minute. You should at least, because that moniker is alarming. It's scary.


Alarming. Jarring. But he probably loved that though. Oh, that's the thing. And it's like, I'm upset, I'm scared. Like don don't know. That's just not a good thing to be known for. Not in my opinion, a hanging judge, a notorious one at that. Don't you wanna be known as like unbiased and fair? I think that's actually the point of being a judge. Just going to look at each one individually and look at the evidence. That's what I would want in a judge. That's what I would want. And I'm sure that's what Nelly wanted in a judge. Yeah. But she didn't get that. No, she did not. So the trial began on June 11th and spectators started lining by the hundreds that morning. Morning. Oh, I knew it. Hoping to get a look at the accused. They quote we're jamming the corridors and breaking down wooden barriers installed for crowd control.


In his opening statement, deputy district attorney Paul Palmer took nearly an hour to lay out the state's strong circumstantial case against Nellie. They said the defendant was a cold-blooded, quote unquote ruthless murderous. Whoa. Palmer said, who planned and executed the killing of her husband with deliberate malice. He explained how she purchased a gun, specifically to commit the crime. And when that one failed to operate, giving her the opportunity to abandon her plan, she did not do that. Instead, she went out and bought a second gun because she was that determined to kill her husband. I mean, that is a very good case that they're laying, laying out here. Yeah. That's, it's a perfect case in my opinion, to say that to, to be able to throw out there with evidence.


She bought a gun that didn't work. She had the opportunity to back outta this whole thing. Said again. And she did it again. She said she was so determined to kill him that she bought a second one. Yeah. That doesn't look good. It doesn't, the state was not required to offer a motive and they actually didn't. But by then, the press had done such a good job of slandering Nelly as a fem fatal that they didn't really need to bother with a motive. Damn. The press had died for him when the press does it for you. Yeah. From the moment Joseph Ryan took Nelly's case, there had been small red flags that he might not be up to the task. Oh no. And now in the courtroom, those red flags were glaringly obvious. They became a blanket then wasn like that guy, it's like that guy on TikTok who runs around with giant ones, the giant red flag. Yeah. Yeah. His name is actually Joseph Ryan.


Yeah. That's him. And he's in the courtroom. Yeah. Just kidding. But when it came time to give his opening statement, he said, I will make no opening statement. Oh, I will save my comments for the trial and the closing statement. And then apropos of nothing, he said, Robert Cuddy was so drunk, he couldn't have made a coherent statement to the police. Oh. Oh no. And at that point, Nelly shit herself like show business hooks where they pull you off the stage and it's like, you like soft shoe off while it pulls you off. Let's get that out for Joseph Ryan here. Because then wasn the beginning, the fact that he, the entire time has been like, we're not saying anything. 'cause I got some shit up my sleeve. And you're like, oh man, the simple opening statement's gonna blow us all outta the water.


And he goes in there, Hey, I'm not doing one. He, I will not be doing my job because I don't know how. And also that guy's drunk, so fuck it all like, that's like, that's essentially what this guy just did. It's like, what was that? What was the show? The juror? The jury. The jury. Yes. Yeah. Like that lawyer that they're like fucking with them with, and they're like, this guy is so bad. Yeah. They're like, no, this is your actual lawyer. Yeah. A real lawyer. It's bad in a murder trial. Yeah. Damn. Also, that comment about Robert Cuddy being so drunk, just like completely out of place, drew an immediate warning from ju, the judge who ordered that it be struck from the record.


But then wasn just the first of many examples to follow that would show just how far out of his league Joseph Ryan truly was. Yeah. I would say so. In his vague and cryptic comments to reporters and his questioning of jurors, he made multiple statements that indicated he'd be presenting a self-defense case. But when the trial finally opened, his actual strategy was far stranger and far less convincing than any self-defense case could have. That he could have offered. Which is exactly the route he should have gone. Yeah. And you think self-defense, and he sounded like he was No, no. In the early days of the trial, three state's witnesses had been shown a photograph of Eric Madison by Joseph Ryan taken at the crime scene, and they were unable to stay to say with certainty that the man in the photograph was Eric Madison.


Mind you, he's been shot in the head. Yeah, I was just gonna say, wasn't he shot in the head? Okay. Yes. So it's gonna be a little hard to determine the, the trend baffled, the judge and the prosecution. But Ryan insisted his intention would be made clear, quote in orderly manner through further testimony. don don't think it's going to, it will be made clear like what he was trying to do. But it won't be clear. Like why? No. Okay. No. Okay. For two days, he called nearly 20 witnesses to the stand. Damn. All of whom knew Eric in some capacity throughout his life. Okay. And a few of them couldn't confirm the dead man in the photograph to be Eric Madison.


But under cross contamination, many witnesses acknowledged it could be him in the photo. Yeah. But they could not say with hundred. They just didn't wanna definitively say, finally, when Nelly took the stand in her own defense on June 14th, Ryan's strategy came into focus. Not only did Nelly claim that she didn't shoot her husband or anyone else, but she insisted as Ryan had intimated the man in the photo didn't look like her husband because he was in fact, not her husband. Oh, they have his body though, correct? Like we can go check.


Yep. Okay. Yep. Okay. That, wow. What an interesting strategy. Yeah. You know, in dodgeball when they're like, bold move cotton. Let's see how it works out for them. Yep. That's how I feel right now. You should feel like that right now. Like when they're literally like, oh, it looks like they're forfeiting the the game. He's bold, move caught, looks like button. Let's see how it works out for them. That's what the prosecution's saying. That's how I feel right now. Looks like they're forfeiting the trial. Yeah. Bold move. Let's see how it works out for them. Yeah, we will. Yeah. From the outset, Nelly's testimony was very hard for anyone to believe who had been following the case. Yeah. By stating that she had neither shot nor even recognize the dead man.


She was implying that her husband was still alive somewhere and just simply hadn't come forward to clear anything up. Yeah. He was just seeing the press and being like, whoa. Yeah. That seemed unusual given the fact that he was her husband and she was on trial for murder. Otherwise, she claimed that on the night of the murder, Eric returned home briefly around 10:00 PM and then went out again a short time later, and she went to bed until she was woken up by Belle Bradley about an hour or so later. She left early the next morning just as the other witnesses had claimed. And she went to Cudi Ranch where she was supposed to meet her husband, and then she just spent some time hiding in a closet. Yeah. We all do it. Duh. Anything that happened after that, including the murder of a stranger in her apartment, she knew nothing about.


So she's literally like, I don't know where my husband Eric went. Yep. Supposed to meet him at this ranch for no fucking reason at all. Yep. Instead, I shoved myself into a tiny little crawl space in the closet. Yeah. And hid behind shit. Tons of coats and stuff. Yep. And the police had to literally, physically pull me out of there. Yes. But what happened in that apartment with that stranger who I have never met that ended up dead in his underwear in my bedroom? don don't know about that. Why would I, why are you asking me? Yes. That's, that's her story. And for now, she's sticking to it Again. I say bold strategy, bold fucking strategy. Bold strategy.


I don't know. This is very interesting. She put a lot of faith in Joseph Ryan, sadly. Yeah. And she shouldn't have, oh, a very unearned face. So despite seeming pretty fucking implausible, Ryan called to the Stand. The stand. Cecilia Durst, another resident of Sterling Arms who claimed that around 2:00 AM on the night of the murder, she heard noises outside of her door. And when she opened it, she was surprised and startled by a strange woman who made a hurried exit by a rear stairway. Okay. Ryan also questioned the residents of the apartment building, and none said they smelled any gunpowder outside the Madison's apartment, or when Nellie answered the door to Bell Bradley.


Oh, that's what we're hinging at all on here. Yes. I didn't smell any gunpowder in my apartment. Apartment. I didn't smell what? Okay. The appearance of the mysterious woman in the hallway, in the absence of the smell of gunpowder were meant to support Nelly's claims For sure. But that all depended on Nelly and Joseph Ryan's assertion that the man in the photo wasn't Eric Madison, but it only took the state one witness to bring that entire defense strategy down. One witness. Of course it I, anybody, let's bring somebody up here. Yeah. In response, in response to the question of whether or not the man was Eric Madison, the prosecution called Madison's ex-wife.


There you go. Georgia Madison to the stand. Oh, you mean someone else who knows Eric? Yeah. Yeah. Like very well. She was shown the photo of the man in Nelly's apartment, which didn't, which must have been horrific. Yeah. As well. Yeah. She didn't hesitate to confirm that. then wasn Eric, while looking at the image, she said quote, he had a small mole on the right side of his nose. Okay. In his cross-examination of Georgia, Joseph Ryan just asked whether the woman had ever been in a mental institution. She said, no. And he said, no further questions. And that's a quote, by the way. He said, mental institution. So she said, no, that's definitely Eric. Like that mole that he has is right there.


And he said, okay, my turn. Have you ever been in a mental institution? And she said, no. And he said, no further, no further questions. Damn. Imagine watching this trial. Is he walking away from those in interactions being like, nailed it? You know, like that whole like mic drop. I can't tell you for sure, but everything about what I've read about this man does tell me that he is, feels like, he's like, y'all don't even understand God how good I am. Like you got the goat up here. In his mind, he is the goat. Like, what the fuck? And in reality, he is an ass. Yeah.


It may be hard to believe, but the kids are going back to school already, and cold and flu season is just around the corner. But fortunately, GoodRx can help you save on the prescriptions you and your family need all year round. Using GoodRx is easy and totally free. With GoodRx, you can instantly save up to 80% on your prescription medications. All you need to do is search for your prescription on the GoodRx website or app and show your discount at the pharmacy. With GoodRx, you can find prescription savings at the pharmacies right in your neighborhood, including CVS, Kroger, Walgreens, Walmart Bonds, Sam's Club, Publix and more. And remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even if you do have insurance, Medicare or Medicaid, GoodRx could beat your copay price. I had a little surprise last time I personally went to the pharmacy. They switched me over to like mail-in for some reason. And I was like, I'm gonna have to pay out of pocket for all this stuff that I need. No, no, no, baby. I did have to pay out of pocket. But GoodRx covered so much of that total, I was in shock. So when you're filling those back to school prescriptions, don't forget to check GoodRx before you get to the pharmacy for simple smart savings on your prescriptions, check GoodRx, go to GoodRx dot com slash Morbid, that's GoodRx dot com slash Morbid.


So the questions of identity actually became so central to the case that both sides started discussing whether they should go as far as exhuming the man's body. Damn. Which for some reason, the defense enthusiastically supported. Okay. Yeah. Wow. don don't know. Did they just like, did they convince themselves that they were correct? I know, I have no walking idea. Yeah. Deputy district Attorney Stallman told reporters, I think we can prove to the jury without any question that the man murdered was Madison. But I may ask the body be exhumed anyway, just for the hell of it. You know, he's like, at this point, why not? Like, yeah, let's just, let's stick it to you. Let's exhume some bodies. You know, it's no big deal. When asked his thoughts on the matter, Ryan gave his entire approval, quote unquote, whoa.


In the end, Eric Madison's body luckily did not end up being exhumed. But then wasn only one of the many bizarre moments in this case that also included calling the trial judge to testify and the prosecution bringing the Madison's entire bed, shut up, bloody sheets and doll into the courtroom. What the fuck? then wasn a fucking weird trial. What the fuck? Fuck had this been televised? Oh my God. then wasn. Yeah. Oh my God. Cray cray. Yeah. It would've been wild Cray cray. Damn. On June 20th, the prosecution gave their closing arguments finally, in which George Stallman quote, likened Nelly to Lady Macbeth planning and scheming to commit brutal murder than denying any knowledge of the event.


I mean, literary references are always appreciated. They are fun. He said, how strange, how similar is the cunning created by Shakespeare to the tragedy in the apartment where Mrs Madison calmly shot her husband to death? Damn. As far as the state was concerned, Nellie had coldly murdered her husband out of jealousy and attempted to avoid responsibility for that crime by putting forth an absolutely absurd and obvious transparently fictitious defense. Yeah. For that reason, they insisted that the jury not only find her guilty, but impose the death penalty saying the manner and means of this crime were so abominable that the state demands and expects a verdict of murder in the first degree without recommendation for life imprisonment.


Whoa. So they're like, don't, don't recommend that she spends life in prison. In prison. Killer recommend death penalty. Yeah. On June 22nd, the, the jury deliberated for nearly 30 hours until emerging the following day to deliver a guilty verdict. Eek, when asked by Judge Freak what the penalty they believe should be imposed, he, the jury foreman stunned the courtroom by reporting that they agreed Nellie Madison should be sentenced to death. Holy shit. When the verdict and the sentence were read, she remained characteristically stoic. One reporter wrote, the Sphinx woman accepted her fate laconically. However, later that day, she was reported by prison guards as saying, they gave me the works, they gave me the worst they could give to me.


I'm innocent and I'm confident of the outcome. Whoa. So after the verdict and the sentence were read, Nelly was removed to the women's prison where she was held in a private room in the hospital ward, because at that point, the women's prison had never had a death row. Oh, shit. So they were like, where do we put her? Yeah. So they put her in a hospital, you just put her in with everybody else. Yeah. And should they put her in a private room? Damn. Pending her appeal with the Supreme Court Judge. Freak don. Don't know if it's Frick or Freak. I think I said freak before. I think it's frick. And then all I could think was, is somebody gonna match my freak? And then I just picture him doing that. Judge Frick, he does have a specific kind of freak. So that's what I mean. Exactly. That's why my, my brain just won't get rid of it.


Yeah. Judge Frick set her execution date for September 24th, 1935. Several months later, Joseph Ryan filed an appeal on Nelly's behalf with the state Supreme Court alleging that she had not received a fair trial, and that on several occasions the jury had been given improper instructions, which was evidence of the judge's bias against Nelly, for example. He claimed that the defendant was entitled, in addition to the ordinary presumption of innocence, to the equally favorable presumption arising from marital relation, that a wife loves her husband. Whoa. In simple terms, he was arguing that the justice system and jury had been biased against Nelly because of her history. Like the amount of time she had been married and everything else, and the way which she chose to comfort herself and with regard to men.


Okay. He also accused the judge of showing favoritism to the prosecution, which was actually pretty evident in his willingness to testify on behalf of the state. Yeah. Even though his testimony was related to his having been present for a minute detail of the pretrial hearing. Yeah. It's like he can't do that. Yeah. Ultimately that's true. Ultimately, though, the Supreme Court upheld the ruling and denied the motion for a new trial, in their opinion in May, 1935, the justices wrote the record discloses that the defendant has had a fair and impartial trial singularly free from anything upon which to predicate a charge of produ prejudicial error. The evidence is sufficient to the, to support the verdict. And on the record, the court is not justified in dis in disturbing the judgment.


Oh, shit. So they said no, they said, nor And. I said, we're not gonna, once again, Joseph Ryan's long shot strategies had completely bla backfired, and he blew the last best chance that Nellie had at avoiding execution the job, Joseph. Yeah. Way to go, asshole. So with the appeal denied the case, went back to the lower court for reposition of the sentence, since the original date had come and gone by that point, and Judge Frick set a new execution date for October 4th, 1935. Now running out of options. Nellie did something that she should have done long ago and fired Joseph Ryan. Ooh, sounds too late. Thank you. Goodness. And she hired a new attorney, former LA City attorney Lloyd Nicks, unlike Ryan, Nicks had a wealth of experience and he could easily see what a horrific job Ryan had done defending Nelly.


Yeah. Lloyd, of course, he knows. Yeah. His name's Lloyd. His name is Lloyd Nicks, I believe him. Yeah, I do. He was like, wow. Maybe he shouldn't have based the entire defense strategy on the most outrageous lie humanly possible to tell, then wasn a misstep, then wasn. Like maybe that's then wasn a wrong step if they see he, yeah. If they were gonna have any chance at saving Nelly's life, they were gonna need to appeal directly to the governor of California at that point. Oh snap. Which meant that Nelly would have to tell the entire embarrassing, shameful truth. Oh, by that summer, the Madison murder case was a year in the past, and even the public had moved on to other matters. But. there was one reporter for the Los, Angeles Evening Post reporters.


Aggie Underwood. There she is. I was waiting for her to show up. I know, I told you then wasn gonna be a while. So if you missed it at the top of the show, Aggie Underwood is actually going to be featured in Spencer and Madison's new show. Obit, I was gonna say obituaries. Obituaries. They do have one called obituaries. They have obituary, you know them from there. But now they have the new show. Gossips Bridal. Yes. And Aggie Underwood, she plays, she plays a pretty, pretty big role in the end of this case, but they're gonna go through like a lot more of her. Yeah. So check it out. So check it out. But Aggie Underwood felt that Nelly had been holding back crucial evidence, and the public had not heard the real story. She felt she's been real quiet. So at Underwood's insistence, Nelly sat down for a formal interview where she laid out the real story of what happened and what led to Eric Madison's death.


What the fuck happened here. So you're, you'll have never guessed this. No, I, I have no guesses. That's why I have been very like, don don't know if what she did or if she did anything or what happened here. Let me just state I fully believe her story. Whoa. I fully believe it. Whoa. According to Nelly, and, and that doesn't, I don't like don don't support her killing him. But I, no, I believe the story. Now, according to Nelly, she had for months suspected that her husband had been unfaithful to her on a number of occasions. And her suspicions were confirmed about a week before the murder, when she returned home and found him in bed with a teenage sex worker. Holy shit. She was outraged.


But her outrage was quickly replaced by shock when Eric lashed out at her claiming that he'd only been with her in order to access the inheritance from her mother. But what was most shocking of all was his claim that they were never legally married. What he alleged that their marriage, quote unquote, was a stunt that he arranged in which he got a friend in Salt Lake City. Oh my God. I knew then wasn fucking shady to play the role of a minister, to make Nelly think that their marriage was official. Shut the fuck up. That's why he said, no I know someone in Salt Lake City. Yeah. Who's a minister. We'll do it my way. Yeah. Not a minister I knew then wasn fucking shady after that shocking revelation, he brutally beat Nelly and forced her to write a letter addressed to friends and family where she confessed that she had been a promiscuous, quote unquote fornicator.


And the fake marriage was her idea what the so under duress, he wanted her to write that letter. The false confession later letter, excuse me, would've made a judge look favorably upon Eric in the divorce proceedings. But more importantly, it would've irreparably damaged Nelly in the eyes of friends and family. Whoa. Kathleen Kanes points out by the back. At this time, if you were living with someone who wasn't your husband and having sex with them, this could really ruin you and you could actually be arrested. So she could have been arrested and ruined just because she thought they were married and they weren't. Yes. And living together and you know, sleeping together. Holy shit. Yep. So she had very real reasons to comply with his demands and every reason in the world to believe that he would do exactly what he threatened if she did otherwise.


Holy shit. So she wrote that letter while like, after having been beaten by him. Yeah. And the week that followed, he terrorized her daily. She said he threatened her. He verbally abused her. Whenever they were alone together, when he would go out, she would tear apart the apartment looking for the letter, which was the key to her freedom. But it seemed like wherever he had been keeping it, it wasn't in the apartment. Damn. After a week, she said she couldn't take the abuse any longer and she couldn't continue living on in fear. So she decided to take drastic measures to free herself. On the morning of March 25th, she went to that gun shop on Hollywood Boulevard where she purchased the revolver, and then she returned home and waited for her husband that night.


After he got into bed, she got, she went into the room, produced the gun, demanding that he hand over the letter and she would leave. But instead she said he reached beneath the bed and grabbed a knife from a box, which he threw in her direction, missing her by just a few inches. What the fuck? Certain that he meant to kill her. When Eric reached down to get another knife from the box, she fired the gun, emptying all six chambers in his direction. Holy shit. That's your self-defense. Yeah, absolutely. Like, again, I'm not like saying like she should have killed him, but like No, absolutely not. If they were gonna use this self-defense strategy, which again, it seemed like Joseph Ryan was like, I'm like, how much did you know for you putting that?


Well, he putting feelers out. He did know this story. He knows all this. And why the fuck? Okay. Yeah. So the next morning she said she left the apartment building and started making her way towards Cuddy Ranch, tossing the gun out of the car along the way, which is why they never found that gun. Oh, shit. Should have tossed the receipt too. I know. Just kidding. It's good that you didn't, yeah. Once she got to the cabin, she explained nothing of what happened to Robert, who assumed that she would tell him if she wanted to. Robert very much like, well, Robert's like a real ride die. He really is. Like, he's just, he doesn't ask Where are we riding and why do we have to die? He's just like, let's go. He's like, that's your business. That's he'll. Tell me if you want to. That's he tell me if you want to, everyone needs someone in their life like that. Like Robert Cudi. Yeah.


Like, damn. In order to ensure that no one would ever be able to use the false confession against her, she burned the letter in the woods, because eventually she did find the letter. Oh shit. And a short time later, she was arrested, according to Nelly, she did tell this entire story to her lawyer, Joseph Ryan, who claimed that no one would believe her. So he developed an alternative and frankly fucking ludicrous defense strategy that she was like, okay. I guess that she just went with, because what else was she supposed to do? Right. Wow. Given that now she was only a few months away from being executed Aggie Underwood was suspicious of the story, or at least which she had every right to be. Yeah. 'cause she thought, you know, this is a weird time to go public with your story.


It's des it seems like desperation because it's, it's a, it's also a wild story. It's like it's, it's hard to believe, but you're, you can see it. Well, it's, you can see it and you just wait. There's more. Okay. There's more. And the, that's because I said right at the top, I believed it. There's more reason for me believing it. Okay. I'm not just buying it on face value. Like face value. No. So Aggie Underwood was suspicious, but also she was a woman working in a male-dominated field in which misogyny wasn't just tolerated, but expected as a form of professional bonding. Cool. She knew well how women stepped outside of the bounds of traditional gender roles could be treated by the world. Yeah. And she also suspected that assuming then wasn, true Nelly's story wouldn't just elicit sympathy from the public, it would also resonate with countless American women.


Yeah. Who understood what it meant to be in an abusive relationship. Absolutely. Because remember at the top of this, we were talking about how many, like how few divorces there were. Yeah. There were so many women putting up with that were just putting up with it abusive relationships because they had no other choice. Yeah. Aggie Underwood agreed to publish that interview on the condition that Nelly and Nicks could provide some corroborating information that would prove good for Aggie, then wasn more than a last ditch effort to save a dying murderer. So she was like, I'll publish this, but I need more proof. Yeah. I'll publish it if you prove to me that it's true responsible journalism. Hell yeah. While it would certainly seem difficult to prove Nick's reasoned if Eric Madison had been abusive toward Nelly, it surely couldn't have been the first time he abused a woman.


Mm. So they tracked down the person who would know better than anybody else. Georgia Madison. Yep. Eric's ex-wife. She, strangely enough, actually played a key role in tearing down the defense strategy originally. Yeah. But if Ryan had bothered to ask Georgia any additional questions outside of, if she spent time in a fucking mental institution, he would've quickly learned that she actually didn't have any love for her ex-husband. So all he had to do was ask a couple more questions. That's it. Damn. When Nick sat down with Georgia to ask her about her relationship with Madison, she told a very eerily similar story. What she was years younger than Eric when they first met. She said, at first he was very romantic. Our relationship was great.


But after the wedding, it seemed like he became another person entirely. That's horrifying. According to Georgia, he drank heavily. He cheated on her. He was violent, abusive, mean, narcissistic. Like it just went on and on. All the things Georgia told Nicks that on several occasions she would wake up in the middle of the night feeling like she was choking, at which point Eric would tell her, then wasn just a bad dream. What? But the next morning she would look in the mirror and see bruising around her neck where his hands had been. What the fuck? Finally when she threatened to leave, he became violently abusive toward her and forced her to write a letter exactly like the one Nelly had written.


And when she, holy shit, when she finally did divorce him, she made no claims and walked away with nothing. Oh, I believe Nelly chills all over my entire body. I Holy shit. That's the thing. It didn't just support the fact that Eric Madison was abusive. It completely validated and mirrored Nelly's story Yes. To the letter and the fact that Georgia walked away with nothing. Yeah. Like she was like, Nel would've got the fuck outta there. Like, holy shit. So the article was published the next day and elicited an unenthusiastic response from the prosecutor's office who dismiss, dismissed it as a quote, desperate bid to avoid the gallows.


And Joseph Ryan himself flatly rejected Nelly's story. She's crazy. He said her mind was cracked under the strain then wasn, like, I think your mind has been cracked for a long time. I think, fuck this up. Yeah. While those in positions of power remain skeptical, Aggie Underwood's instinct turned out to be right. A significant number of Californians now aware of the real story behind Eric Madison's death came to see Nelly as what she was a victim of abuse. And they started publicly questioning whether then wasn really Right. That she received the death penalty given all these extenuating circumstances. Yes. 'cause it's like nobody's saying that she shouldn't be, you know, you can't murder someone. Yeah. You need to be punished appropriately. Like you need to receive some kind of consequence for that.


But the death penalty, it's too far for self-defense. It's far after being too abused systematically. Like No, exactly. So In, the days that followed the publication of Underwood's Underwoods article residents across California started a letter writing campaign to the governor on Nelly's behalf. Damn demanding. At the very least, she be considered for commutation. Yeah. Among those who came to support Nelly were 12, the 12 jurors on the case. Holy shit. All of 'em who signed a petition demanding a new trial, and Georgia Madison herself wrote out a 15 page document detailing her identical experience with Eric Madison. Holy shit. Even William Brown, Nellie's ex-husband came to her defense and filed a petition for a new trial with the Supreme Court.


Wow. Blaming Ryan's quote, unquote egregious conduct and terrible defense for conviction. Yeah. He wrote, at the time of her trial, and sometime afterward, the mind of Nelly Madison bordered on a state of hysteria. She being unable to comprehend the significance of her counsel changing from the proper to the ridiculous. Damn. Unfortunately, the court rejected the petition. No. Are you fucking kidding me? No. But by the fall public consensus was that while she had indeed murdered her husband, Nelly Madison did not deserve to die as a consequence. No. Despite the public pressure, governor Merriam had been silent on the issue since the verdict was handed down.


But then in late September, just a couple weeks away from Nelly's execution, Miriam held a press conference where he announced he had decided to quote unquote, spare Mrs Madison's life. Wow. The commutation, he insisted, was based purely on the circumstances of her case, and in no way did he want the public to interpret his actions as a quote weakening of his support for capital punishment. Okay. Don't worry about it. He was like, I'm still a hard ass. I still wanna kill people. I don wanna kill people all the time, but not this one. After the commutation, Nelly was moved from the hospital ward, AKA death row to the women's prison where she was to serve out her life sentence. She still got her life sent down. Yes. In a press conference a few days later, she sobbed gratefully and expressed a profound appreciation for the people of California.


But unfortunately, she soon learned that while then wasn definitely better than being executed prison was gonna be a tough experience. Yeah. Particularly for somebody so independent and given to defiance. According to Kathleen, Karin, she grew to dislike the other women whom she viewed as beneath her socially and and intellectually. And she despised the patronizing, condescending attitudes of prison authorities who sought to turn inmates into models of domesticity. Yeah. I didn't think then wasn gonna be good. Yeah. It wasn't gonna go great for Nellie. In the years that followed, she focused a lot of her time and atten and attention on her clemency petition. She wrote countless letters to the governor asking for updates on her application, but he never responded.


But when Miriam was replaced by Colbert Olson in 1938, Nellie began directing her letters to him instead. And actually eventually started dealing with Olson's lawyer, Stanley Mosque, who always responded, even though there was little he could do to speed up the process. Oh wow. Stanley, in 1939, the advisory, pardon, board rejected Nelly's petition. But just one year later in 1940, the Tehachapi board of trustees recommended that her sentence be reduced to 15 years. Damn. Which made her eligible for parole the following year. Holy shit. In 1941, she was elated to learn that the governor approved her petition for parole. But that joy soon turned to frustration when the parole process dragged on for two more years.


Damn. Until she finally was paroled in March of 1943. Oh, wow. Once out of prison, she changed her name back to a previous iteration and started going by Nelly Brown. Interesting. So, to me, I really do kind of like lean more towards what Kathleen Karin said about how that they both came up with that idea. I think they did. Like I'm, I'm sure their relationship had its shit and like that's why they got divorced. Yeah. Didn't wanna stay married. Yeah. So, but I, I do wonder how much was embellished so that a divorce was granted I, both of them because she changed her name back to Nelly Brown. Yeah, that's very interesting. When she could have just gone by Nelly Moody. Yeah. And he also played a big part in like in getting her, getting her free. Yeah. You know, or at least getting her sentence com commuted.


But the next year, one year later, she married again. Oh, Nelly, for a sixth time. Whoa. Nelly, and by all accounts, this last time was the healthiest, most rewarding relationship Nelly ever had. Geez Louise. It's about about time they wrote me together until Nelly's death from a stroke in July of 1953 at the age of 58. Oh, she was young. She was young. Yeah. I mean, think of what she had been through in her life. Yeah. Years later when she wrote about the case, Aggie Underwood said she thought Nelly, and this is a quote, she thought Nelly had received the death sentence because she had been married so many times and had no children. Yeah. So much of that negative attention that she received and the bias toward Nelly Madison seemed to stem from the fact that she just refused to adhere to the standards of society.


And men Like those in particular. Yeah. In particular that they had established for women at the time in the years that followed her case, the justice system and, and even society as a whole would undergo a lot of changes in terms of how it viewed women sort of, and especially women who committed murder. Some changes were positive, obviously including changes to the expectations and thresholds for prosecution. Thank goodness. However, others like the imposition of the death penalty remained controversial as Kane and still remain controversial. It still to this day do, as Kanes pointed out, by the time Madison died in 19 53, 2 women had been executed and two more would be put to death in the next few years.


All four were convicted murderers, but none had killed her mate. Wow. And that is the story of Nelly May, brown, brown, not Madison. That is a truly wild, wild tale. Insane. I have to say, this is one of my favorite cases that we've, that I've ever covered. Yeah. This was, I think this one is fascinating. I have never heard of this one. Like I've never heard of it either. I, I think shocked, which I'm shocked. Dave actually suggested this one. Dave. Yeah. Round of applause for Dave because Damn.


No, this one was really, really interesting. Dave. Damn. David done David. And you see what I mean? Like it had to be really long. 'cause there just wasn't anywhere to break that. No. That needed to be just like, yeah. Run straight through. Yeah. Because there's no, if you had ended me somewhere, I would've kicked you in the shin. Yeah. And there just wasn't any way to do it where it would've been like, okay, let's pick back up and like, yeah, no, you needed to just blow through. Yeah. then wasn like a, then wasn, a steady stream. Too much happening. It's such a fascinating case that I really hope you guys enjoyed it. Oh my God. Because I did then wasn a wild one and go listen to Gossips Bridle. Yeah. And look out for their episode on Aggie Underwood. You'll get the same kind of like vibe of the time and Yes. But you'll get like a more like sounds escaping kind of vibe to it.


Yeah. It's, it's very like da da. It's very interesting, you know? Yeah. So we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you're a defense attorney who goes with a cray cray strategy, which like really shouldn't even be called a strategy at all. That man was so nuts. Don't do that. Don't Joseph Ryan in it. Don't Joseph Ryan in it. Yeah. No. Yeah. Bye bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Dan tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy New York. I was Like at my locker, and she came up to me and she was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I can't. a mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, Yeah. It's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You, oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios Hysterical. Follow Hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.