
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's S Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus today You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast From the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the King of Trash tv Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


You know that feeling when you're at the grocery store and you know you're prioritizing your health. You're reading the nutrition labels, but you're going down the grocery store aisles trying to understand what the heck they're telling you and they're just beyond confusing. Well, that is why I love Thrive Market. Thrive Market is my go-to online grocery store for getting all my healthy essentials delivered. And I don't even have to leave my couch. I don't know about you, but I want to be able to pronounce the ingredients on my grocery labels. I am currently obsessed with the good old mac and cheese. The Goodall noodles are so good. They're super high protein, And I made like a Healthy Girl Hamburger helper the other night with those goods noodles, And I will not shut up about it. They also have so many onsite filters that make it simple to shop by your needs, whether it's gluten-free snacks, high protein meals, or non-toxic cleaning products. I personally filtered for high protein options, you know, like Goodall, but I also stocked up on Primal Kitchen sausages. Oh, those STE chips. I fricking love those. They're such a time saver. Ready to make the switch? Yeah, you should be. Go to Thrive market.com/morbid for 30% off your first order, plus a free $60 gift. That's T-H-R-I-V market.com/ Morbid thrive market.com/morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash. And This is Morbid. It's morbid with no tech neck. We were just talking. I didn't know what Tech Neck was. If you don't know what Tech Neck is listener, it's when your cousin takes a picture of you and you realize that you have a whole ass hump in the back of your neck because you've been slouching over your computer for years. That's so scary. Like If you work like a desk job or something and you're like really slouched over your computer, it can result in like a straight up curvature of your spine.


So you end up getting like a hump in your neck. That's so crazy. So now I am trying to sit up straight and shoulders back, baby shoulders back. Because you, the good news is it is reversible. I did a lot of, that picture was taken of me. I looked at it And we did research immediately. We said how do we reverse research tech neck out on technology is not, it's not killing it in some, it's all good for ways, body ways. It's really not good for us. I think it's good for us some ways, but it's very good for us in some ways. But man, I think we're, I think it's, I think it's going too far. I think that's the problem is we can, we can never just do things right as a species. We always have to take it way too far. I know the, the thing that sucks is that like sitting like this is so uncomfortable.


Yeah, it is. Like I feel so fucking weird right now. She's just straight up. I'm just so st. I'm so straight right now. So straight right now. Happy pride bug. Look at that. Happy pride bug. Happy pride month. I'm just straight now. She's decided she's gonna be straight. She's gonna sit straight Body language. Just kidding. But speaking of technology, that went too far. Go girl. Oh, what a fucking segue. We might have tech neck, but we got quick brains. We do not have tech brains. No, I m Elena doesn't have tech neck 'cause she's a bitch. It's because I am always rigid. That's why I know I'm too loosey goosey. I'm always rigid in my posture. 'cause I sit very and I'll catch myself sometimes sitting too rigidly.


Like those things where people are like, Hey, relax your shoulders and like unc unclench your jaw. I'm always like, like don't who like I'm need to. 'cause I, I'm always like, my jaw is super tense as we know. Yeah. But like, huh. Speaking of that was a good segue. I don't want to, I don't wanna get too far away from it. Well, speaking of technology that's gone too far, this is just a little like documentary recommendation kind of thing. Recommendation. That's the word. I haven't had enough coffee. Wow. I said our brains are quick too early on. So I got super hyper fixated on the Titan submersible thing when it was happening. I think a lot of us did very hyper fixated. I learned so much about hyp submersibles. I would be sitting next to John on the couch and just be like, can I just tell you how carbon fiber is made?


Like he was sure. And so it went away after I was like, you know, I've always been like fixated on it now, but onto like the next hyper fix. Exactly. Onto the next. And now HBO did a documentary implosion the Titanic sub disaster. I gotta see this. It. I haven't finished it yet because it's long and I'm old And I fell asleep. Not because it's not fun Good, but because I'm old. You're just old. And I fell asleep. It is so good so far. And also horrifying to watch. Yeah. The amount of, we're gonna cover this in an episode. Episode. Like that's the case full episode because this is, it is incredible how much was ignored Oh, in the making.


It's so scary. And in the, like this whole trip, it was so avoidable. It is un I mean we all knew it was avoidable because like you choose to get in a sub. Yeah, Of course. To go down to the Titanic. But I don't even mean in that way. I mean he ignored every single Stockton rush ignored experts. Right. He would fire people around him that told him this thing is gonna break. This thing needs a new hull. Like the hull is cracked. It's, you need to scrap it. He would just fire people. He's just that guy who like surrounded himself like it seems with Yes. People he surrounded himself with. Yes. People. And that's it. Well I am taking an astrology class right now, as you know, I'm, I'm big into like WOOWOO classes right now.


I love the woo woo class. It's my thing. Version of you. But I love, I, if you've been listening to the show, I've like always really been interested in astrology, but I've only really known like the tip of the iceberg. Yeah. So I'm like, let's fucking go deeper and like, we're gonna learn how to read charts in this class. That's exciting. I only had like the first one. So we learned about like the planets and what they mean and the different signs and like what they all represent. And so I got a text from my teacher this morning basically being like, I guess so Pluto went into, or Yeah, that's right. Pluto went into Aquarius. 'cause the planets move this past November and Pluto is all about like use and abuse and misuse of power beginnings and endings. Transformation, like technological shit.


And then Aquarius is like unpredictability, rapid changes, like information science, mathematics, like that kind of thing. So she had sent a news article this morning and was like, you know, like send us anything that represents Pluto and Aquarius energy. And Elena And I were talking about this whole thing And I was like, I'm really interested in this guy's chart. Like what his fucking chart is. Yeah. He's Wiley because he is just a very interest, fascinating man. Yeah. In a, in a dark way. Yeah. He has his Pluto and Aquarius. Yeah. Which is crazy because it was literally like an hour after I had got that text. So I sent it to my birth. Weird. And my teacher was like, great example. Look at that. She, and then she asked me a lot of in depth questions about, about the chart of the class.


And I said, I don't know yet. I don't know, don't know yet. But I will look. But now I'm excited to see what Stockton Rush's chart is because I mean, I would love, like when Elisa Kelly told us like, You know what, like stars over Salem like I'm like, tell me about this guy. No, that's my goal is to get to Elisa Kelly's like fucking level. Level. Oh yeah. I was gonna say era. Yeah. I mean sure level get to her era as well. But that's, that will take me years. But I can only hope to be as good as her. Oh you will. Thank you. You'll get there. Thank you so much. And then the two of you'll just be charting all over the place. Thank God. Well you could chart with us and I'll just be like, tell me things. It's fascinating and it really is. And like people can say that astrology is like woo woo.


It's not real. Blah blah bitch. There's something to it man. Ancient civilizations I found out used to use astrology and like look at the planets to figure out when kings were gonna die, when great famine would hit. Like all these different things. So fuck you, it's real. So fuck you. It's real. That's how I feel about astrology. That's, that's the mode of today and it's just fascinating. Well go watch that documentary implosion. Yeah. Because I'm telling you it'll fascinate you and then we'll do, we'll cover it like once we get all the research together. Yeah. And then maybe by that time I'll have gone a little bit further in my class. Yeah. And I can tell you a little bit more about this guy's trip. I love that because that's, that's kind of fun.


That's really fun. Yeah. She actually said we're gonna look at some like serial killers charts and stuff like that. Which I interesting. Feel like will be fascinating. Oh for sure. Because obviously a lot of it is, you know, I think certain things in your life are kind of predetermined. But then I think some are like free will. Oh for sure. So it, it'll be interesting. It's the nature versus nurture of it all. Yeah. It'll be interesting to look up. Mm. And I can't wait to watch that documentary. Yes. It's really good. It's on HBO. Yeah. This one's on HBO. I think there's gonna be another one too on like Netflix. Oh shit. I think there is one on Netflix right now because it's like two years. Which CR Which is like crazy Or no, one One year. It's one year. Okay. Right. I think it's only one. It's only one year that this happened.


And I think it was 2024. I think you're right. No, it was two was 20 years. 23. Okay. So I was right. I need to go with my gut more. No, you should I, I'm sorry for doubting you guessing my shit. Holy shit. That was two years ago. Two years. 'cause I remember being shocked. I was like, wait, what? Yeah. And on June 18th that'll it'll be two, two years. Yeah. Isn't that nuts? Yes. I'm actually like a little bit shocked about that. Like how is is time a real thing? No, it's a flat circle. It really is. Well speaking of like time being a real thing, actually we have a case today And I was thinking about it this morning 'cause I like got this together like a few days ago and then I was thinking about it. I was like, I remember watching some of this like play out on the news. Like I feel like I watched like a snapped episode of this when I was like, oh, really far too young.


I mean probably because as I was going through this the other day, I was like, I know that like this is a very well-known case. Yeah. It's The Murder of David Harris and Clara Harris run him over with her car. Ooh. Yeah. I definitely remember this. It's horrible. I remember it. But I had this like epiphany this morning where I was like, I think I knew like a lot more about this when I was like much younger because what were you, what, when was this? 2002? I was you're six Six. But I think like later on, like when I was like eight or nine, I saw like some special, A special about it. Yeah. Because I was like, damn. Yeah, no, not when I was six. Often the news, when you were six again, I used to fall asleep to like forensic files as a child. So, but let's get into it.


So On the afternoon of July 24th, 2002, Clara Harris just casually asked her stepdaughter Lindsay, if she wanted to go for a drive, get out, enjoy the beautiful summer weather. Lindsay was 16 at the time. So one, she was like, hell yeah, let's go joy riding in your Mercedes Benz. Yeah. She loved her stepmom. They got along great. Oh, that's nice. And this didn't seem unusual at all. Clara loved showing off her Mercedes. She loved driving. It just was like their thing to do. Yeah. For her, the car was a symbol of the success that she and her husband David had achieved in their 10 years of marriage, including a thriving dental practice in the suburbs of Houston, Texas. Look at that. They're very well to do people because Lindsay lived with her mom during the school year and she spent summers with Clara and her father.


She welcomed the opportunity to hang out with her stepmom and happily accepted the offer. They had actually gotten really close in the last couple of months, having bonded over the recent revelation that David Harris, Clara's husband and Lindsay's father was having an affair with his secretary, Gail Bridges. Oh yes. What a thing to bond over. I think they both felt hurt in different ways. Of course they did. You know? Yeah. It's just like, wow, what a, what a trauma bond. Yeah. I think a lot of times, like we don't realize that like affairs affect kids as much as they do. Oh yeah. I can't imagine. And like when kids, I imagine, imagine find out about them. They also feel duped.


Well they feel betrayed. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's this, it's a level of betrayal that's similar to what the spouse feels. Yeah. Yeah. Which is interesting. But just a few weeks earlier, Clara had confronted David, her husband, about the affair and he agreed to end it, but the damage had been done and he was gonna have to work very hard to earn back not only his wife's trust, but his daughters as well. Ew. I also hate the like grossness of like, you're having an affair with your secretary. It's very cliche. Like it's very cliche. Get it together. Yeah. Both of you. Yeah. Gail and David agreed. Well, Clara was very upset that afternoon and Lindsay knew that much as far as Lindsay could tell. It had something to do with her dad and his mistress.


Gail Bridges. Lindsay also knew that in the weeks leading up to her father's affair being exposed, that Clara had hired a private investigator to follow David and Gail. Oh man. And it was that private investigator who had just called the house before Clara asked Lindsay to go for a drive. So she was like, obviously these two things are connected. Yeah. At first it seemed like Clara was just driving aimlessly, but soon it became clear to Lindsay that this was not a casual afternoon drive. It was very much an excuse to hunt around town looking for David and Gail. Oh no, don't do that. Don't don't do that with his kid. Don't do that with his kid. Yeah, don't do that. Don't do that with any kid. Don't do that. Yeah, don't do that with kids. That's a solo activity. Don't involve. Yeah. That's a solo activity.


And even then, like don't hurt your own feelings. Yeah. Well this didn't come as much as a of a surprise to Lindsay. She knew that her father actually had plans with Gail that evening and the plans were supposed to be to formally end their relationship. So it made sense to Lindsay that they would be out with each other. But what didn't make sense was Clara's emotional state as they drove, like Lindsay Clara also knew that David was planning to meet Gail that evening to end things. So it really shouldn't have come as much of a surprise when the PI called and said that they were meeting. Yeah. And Lindsay remembered years later, she was just on a mission to find out where he was and she was crying, which is really sad. That's really sad. That afternoon, Clara drove to all of the places.


She knew that David and Gail liked to go two together, including to Gail's home. But there was no sign of David's car anywhere. So eventually Clara pulled over and asked Lindsay to, to take over driving so that she could place a call to Blue Moon, which was the private investigation firm that she had hired at Clara's instruction. Lindsay just drove from one location to another, but no matter where they went, it didn't seem that Gail and David were there. Lindsay said later she was so confused, we were just gonna forget about an and go shopping, which came as a relief. But then Clara's phone rang, which is so sad, knowing that detail that like this almost went away. Yeah. Like we were just gonna go shopping and just forget about it. You just was like, just go sh retail therapy girl.


Spend his money, spend his money, spend his fucking money. Yes. Make him pay that way. Make him literally pay with that. Yes, exactly. You know, like nobody deserves to pay with their life. Yeah. So it's like, make 'em pay with actual money. It's like that, Hey ladies trying to get literally like that. And it's like, damn, you just wish like that. That had gone that way. I know. For many of the people involved. You know what I mean? What I mean when you find out like this next bit that I'm gonna say, it's like this wasn't even supposed to happen because despite a company rule about not returning client's requests for updates until the following day, a policy put in place to prevent messy or even potentially dangerous situations.


Private investigator Lucas Bacca told Clara he had picked up David's trail and that he and Gail had checked into a local hotel and were either on the fourth or sixth floor, but said that he couldn't provide any more details until the following day. Oh man. But it's like, first of all, you already provided enough details for this to get messy and dangerous. Yes, absolutely. You did. And then not one to be denied something that she thought she was entitled to. Clara eventually just pried the remaining details out of him and it was worse than she ever could have imagined. Well, and imagine, I I can't fathom one finding out that your husband is having an affair with his secretary. Oh my God. No one, I can't fathom that. No two's why her husbands don't have secretaries.


Yeah. No, you can't have secretaries. I'm just kidding. But also, it's just like, that must, I can't imagine the feeling of that. I really can't. No. Like that's a awful, I've been cheated on by like ex-boyfriends. Yeah, I know that. That sucks. I just can't imagine going through with like marriage and having it happen. Marriage kids, that must be a whole different kind of vibe. Yeah. And then also to then know that like they're meeting to end, it would be also fucked up of a feeling. 'cause you know, they're meeting and when they're breaking up and you are not there, like he's breaking up with the woman that he's having an affair with. Like, it's just like, what? It's a wild concept that, and then to then be hearing they just checked into a hotel and you're sitting here with his daughter.


Yeah. Because you're, why are you breaking it off at a hotel? And it Well, and that's the thing, it's, we're getting so messy. What are the implications? Messy. And it's like, you just know, like, and again, this is what I mean, like, nobody should pay with their life for these kind of indiscretions. No way. But like Bart hands down, like that's it. But it's like, you just wonder, like you're just like, oh my God, that was like shot after shot for her. Yeah. Like, and you just, ugh, she about it wasn't supposed to have that information that day. That's the thing. Like she just shouldn't have had that information. You know what I mean? There's literally a co there was a company policy put into place. 'cause know, because that this kind of information can set somebody into a tailspin.


And the fact that like the company policy already was in place tells you there had been situations in the past where they had to then put that policy in place. Exactly. Or they've at least seen enough evidence to know that's the thing. Like this could go, this could a gnarly Yes. If we, if we really, you know, 'cause you, you just don't, you don't need to give all that information. Yeah. People in heightened emotional states do crazy, terrible humans. Species. Humans is very flawed that way. Sure are. And we need to be aware of it. But it's just like, there's those two sides of that coin where it's like he, he did not deserve to pay with his life. No.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today@greenlight.com slash Wondery.


You know how we all have that one friend that weirdly knows a ton about finances and is always down to help you with yours? Of course you don't. We're all lost and alone and it's terrifying. Well, not anymore. Meet Experian, your BFF. And by that I mean big financial friend. I'm telling you, Experian is gonna be your go-to app when it comes to handling finances like a grownup. And this big financial friend always brings the DTF energy down to fix things. That is the Experian app finds ways to help you save, matches you with credit cards, and even shows you your FICO score when you're up for it. Bet your other BFFs can't bring it like that, huh? Anyway, it's easy to take this big financial friend along for the ride. Just download the Experian app and get started for free. Link up with your BFF and before you know it, you'll be finishing each other's finance goals. Results will vary. Credit offers, approvals and reward programs based on FICO score eight model and subject to lender terms. Offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.


Well, so as far as Claire and Lindsay knew, like I said, David's plan was to meet Gale, but at a local restaurant, a public place. Yeah. Where it was much less likely that there would be a scene. But according to the pi, the couple had checked into the Nassau Bay, Hilton and Houston, which to add insult to injury was the same hotel where David and Clara had their wedding reception a decade earlier. Wow. Let that sink in for a second. Yeah. That's fucked up. And then when you know how this all ends, it's like you walked out that door's newlyweds and then like he ends his, like, he doesn't end his own life, but his life ends there. Like what a horrible, that is tragic.


Yeah. What a tragic on another level. And also like Gail, does Gail know that Gail must know that he has a an entire family? Yeah. Honestly, Gail, go fuck yourself. She might have been told some interesting details that we'll get to, but still Please. So when she heard the news, Clara's attitude and demeanor apparently changed immediately where she had previously been very determined, irritated, confused. Even now she was silent. Humorless just affectless like, oh no. In another world entirely. That's, that must've been so scary for Lindsay. For Lindsay. Absolutely. She's 16 years old. Yeah. And to see someone just live like, to go numb like that, like Affectless is like, whoa.


Like we've crossed over into dangerous territory. Really dangerous territory. And she's 16. She knows that. Yeah. You know, Of course. So Clara dialed the phone again this time, calling the house to speak with the nanny who was taking care of the couple's. Two other children. Oh man. Yeah. When Maria Gonzalez answered the phone, Clara told her in a flat even tone to quote, pack her husband's best clothes in the couple's oldest suitcase and place it outside the door in the garage. And the rest of his clothes, she told Gonzalez could just be thrown in the trash damn. Which I think was really nice of her to let him keep his oldest clothes. And honestly, I wish it his best wish. Gone there. Clothes. Yeah, that's it. Just kick that motherfucker out. Yeah. Yeah. Like have your, and then go spend the money. Yeah. That's it. That's the recipe thing.


No one gets hurt physically. No. When she hung up the phone though, Clara, in the same flat tone as she had used with the nanny and instructed her stepdaughter to go to the Nassau Bay Hilton. Oh no. It was about 8:30 PM when Lindsay pulled the Mercedes into the Hilton lot and parked in one of the guest spaces and then followed Clara into the lobby. Oh no. She should not be part of this. No, I didn't even realize that. She was like, I didn't such a big part of, I always knew that she was there. Like that's such a big part of the story, but I didn't realize how there she was. But she was like brought into the lobby and shit. She was in like that. She should not be witnessing this kind of shit. No. This poor girl. Lots and lots of trauma. Yeah.


So at the front desk, Clara asked for her husband's room name or number, excuse me. But she was told that nobody was registered under that name. So she asked for the room number of Gail Bridges, but received the same response. She's getting nowhere. So she lied to the clerk and she was like, listen, my son is sick. I need to get in touch with my husband immediately. Like I know he's here. But the clerk only repeated that there wasn't anybody registered under those names. So he just couldn't help her. Later after detectives went through the hotel security footage and records, they learned that the clerk had been telling the truth. David Harris had paid cash in advance for the room. So the clerk hadn't bothered with the usual check-in procedures like getting his guests like the guest names. Oh damn. Or their license numbers. Yeah.


So feeling frustrated and defeated. Clara did a slow walk on the lobby one final time. Lindsay just reluctantly in tow. Oh God. And as they were heading back to the car, Clara spotted what she thought was Gail Bridge's car in one of the spaces in the employee parking lot. When she got closer, she saw some of the identifying details and confirmed that it was indeed Gail's car. And she turned back in the direction of the hotel lobby, but not before ripping off the rear windshield wiper and dragging her keys along the side of the vehicle. Damn. Yeah. Carry Underwood style. Oof. So the explosive attack on Gail's car seemed to have exhausted Clara briefly. I've never keyed a car personally, but I feel like No, I feel like that would exhaust you though in ripping the windshield wipers off that I can't even get my windshield wipers off when I'm supposed to.


And here's the thing, it's like, this is like, this is wrong. I know, I know. You're angry. You have every right to be angry. She has every right to feel whatever feeling she's feeling right now. Yeah. You gotta, You gotta, You gotta hold some of that stuff, You know what I mean? You gotta do it in a better way. It's like you can't be destroying property. No. You can't be killing people when you're a mom. Like you're a mom in this scenario to Lindsay like a stepmom. Yeah. You're, you, You gotta you're a, a parental figure to her. And you have two other kids. Exactly. Like You gotta You gotta think of that immediately think of them and say, this is gonna get me in trouble. Yeah. And this is bad to show them as a way to get your anger out. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like I've obviously, I've never been in this situation, so it's like, but you, it's just like, oh no.


And you can just see it like escalating really? Yeah. Quickly. Because I can't imagine being like, I don't think I've ever been cheated on Drew's, like my only serious relationship and he definitely never cheated on me. But being cheated on in like a relationship where there's no kids is one whole world in level of hurt. Yeah. Being cheated on by your husband when you have multiple kids together is like a whole other level of betrayal. Yeah. That's gotta be a 'cause now you're thinking of them. Yeah. Like, like trail that's happening to them. You didn't just cheat on your wife, you cheated on your family. Exactly. And that's the hard part. Yeah. And it's like, yeah. So she's just not thinking clearly. But so now she's consumed with rage and she's determined to get David out into the opening of the hotel lobby.


So she had Lindsay call her father's cell phone and he answered right away. And Lindsay as instructed told him, you need to come home. Bradley is sick. That was one of their sons. Yeah. So he was like, okay, I'll be right there. And hung up. Clara and Lindsay watched the bank of elevators from outside the glass front doors of the hotel just waiting for David and Gail to emerge after a few minutes passed and they still hadn't appeared. Clara herself called David's phone and repeated the earlier message that their son was sick. And again, David said he was on his way immediately. By that point, Clara had gone back into the lobby and was waiting right by the elevators to confront him when he came out. Which honestly, you wish that that had happened. Well that does happen. Like confront.


But I mean like, and that's it. And period. Like just confrontation in a public place. Yeah. Yes. Because that's bad enough. Like that's bad enough. Yeah. But it's like you're not, nobody's gonna hurt every, everybody's nobody's alive. Yeah. You're in a public place. Like obviously you don't want that to happen at all, but it's like, if it's gonna happen that you wish that was the end of that. And then it's just like an end divorce. Yes. The end. Like get out of there. Yeah. Well, so anticipating the confrontation, Lindsay convinced her stepmother to go back outside and wait. She's like, we shouldn't wait right here. And this 16-year-old trying to diffuse this situation, you feel so hard for her. Oh, I feel Lindsay. I want to like gather up and hug and just go take her shopping. Like I know she's a grown adult now. 'cause this was 2002.


Yeah. But I still wanna give, give you a hug. Probably still lives in her. I still wanna give you a hug. 'cause this was a lot, a lot. Yeah. An unimaginable thing to go through. And she's being the adult here, she's saying to Clara like, we don't wanna cause a scene. She's trying to Let's go outside. Yeah, she's exactly, she's trying to deescalate. So she does try to, but unfortunately that didn't do a lot of good. Lindsay said she was calm until she saw dad and Gail come out then because Lindsay was able to get her inside or outside. But then she said she ran inside. She was ready to go inside and fight. As soon as she saw David and Gail come out of those elevators, Clara rushed into the lobby and just started hitting Gail. Oh see? Tearing her shirt open. Just starting a wall with this woman.


And as far as Clara was concerned, this was the woman who had stolen her husband and destroyed her family. And it's like, yeah, like, like, you know, she's, she's the other woman that's not good. That's not a good person to be. But at the same time, you don't know what he's told her. Well also, and at the the, and like, let's point you're at him. It doesn't even matter if she's, if she's like full on doesn't give a shit that she has a whole, it doesn't even matter. Yep. It's like you can't physically attack someone and you can't And, and what is it getting you Right. That's the thing. A charge. Many times I have wanted to physically hurt someone. Same. For sure. Same. Like that's just, we're animals. We are animals. It's, it's a thing.


It's a primal instinct. Anger can and fight or flight. Fight is part of it. Yeah. And it's like that is, it's going to happen. But the, you have to fight against that instinct. Yes. Because again, especially as a parent, as a human, but especially as a parent, when you have even more under your responsibility, not just yourself and more to lose, like, You know what I mean? Like especially as a parent, you have to sit there and go, is this worth it? This momentary second of getting all my rage out on this woman and feeling like, hell yeah, I just punched her in the face. Probably not. Is that gonna be, how long is that gonna last? It's gonna last a split second of like, that felt good and then boom, reality's gonna hit you like a fucking a 7 47 jet.


Yes. It's like, that is not gonna be good because then you are gonna catch a charge. You are gonna have to, your kids are gonna have to see how you reacted to a situation. Right. They might take cues from how you reacted to a situation and think that's how they should act or could be embarrassed by the situation embarra, depending on how old they are. Embarrassed. Like there's a lot of layers. It's bad. And you are now walking around. So you know, like, it's like, so even this is like, oh girl, it's bad. It's bad. And, and it shows you that, that she was just out of her mind, out of her, her mind. Because this is such an overreaction, you know? It is. It it is. So she yelled in Gail's face, you bitch, he's my husband. And just knocked her to the floor. She was just repeatedly striking Gail in the face and in the head.


And she looked up at all the guests who were just, you know, crowding around watching in a mix of horror and curiosity because we're all terrible people And we are and told them are gonna, this is David Harris and he's fucking this woman right here. Damn. Huh. I like, oh this you just, and get so wild. You look so wild. And it's like, you get the, you get the emotion behind it though. Absolutely. Yeah. That's the thing. And we can, I cannot stress enough that like this, the emotions that would come with this would be horrific. Yeah. And it's, And I can't imagine you would wanna embarrass this man. Yeah. This woman. Woman. But also embarra. But you're yourself, that's the thing.


You're really not just embarrassing them. Yeah. And again, there's a child here. Yeah. Yeah. There's a child not only involved, there's children involved, but there's a child literally present, physically present. And it's like, this is just, that's gonna affect her forever. Witnessing just that. Yeah. You know, if that was where it ended that was gonna fuck her up. And again, she's taking, she's a child, she's taking cues from you and she's very upset with her father. So now she's implicated in things and done things that Yeah. She probably regrets. Yeah. And, and it's pitting, it's pitting this Lindsay, her emotions against her father. Right. Which obviously he made a massive mistake.


A grave. And it's like was, you know, it's not like there was this like whole, you know, you know, he, he, she hated him because he was physically abusive kind of thing to her Yeah. Or anything like that. Like, I mean, like Lindsay to Lindsay, like, you know, this is all purely emotion based and betrayal based, which is a very real thing. Absolutely. But to involve her in that kind of like emotional fight there like you are having with him. Yeah. Is involve is like directly inviting her into the trauma with you. Yeah. When she should be able to deal with it in a way that she, 'cause she's gonna feel betrayed by him and she needs deal in a different way. But that's the thing in a different way. She needs to deal with her piece of it.


Yeah. And not co-opt yours because your marriage does not equate to their relationship. Right. Of course. Again, like we said, she's gonna feel a betrayal, but she's gonna be feel a betrayal as a daughter, as a daughter and not as a spouse. Right. And those are two different things that need to be worked out in two very different ways. In two very different therapy rooms. And this is very much involving her in the like romantic relationship of it all. Which is a messier way. Messier in a totally different way, you know, kind of situation. It just is very upsetting. Well, so it didn't take long before several hotel employees rushed over to the scene and started trying to separate Gail and Clara. By then Clara's anger had turned into uncontrollable rage as one employee was pulling her away from Gail.


She clung to the woman's blouse and nearly ripped it off. And then when she lost her grip on the shirt, she grabbed Gail's leg and bit down hard on her leg. Whoa. She's like animal level right at this point. Point. I was just gonna say, this is animalistic. So when it was clear that hotel employees were having no luck separating the two women, David finally stepped in and put his hand on Clara's forehead and pushed her away to the floor, giving the desk clerk enough time to get Gail outside to her car. And David walking a few feet behind after Gail. This is just so bad in every way. Yeah. No one is making a correct decision here. No. In how to act. No.


Like, no, none of this was okay. No, because he's not helping deescalate this situation in any way, shape or form. No. And it's like, this is just not good. It's horrible. So with Gail removed from the situation, things seemed to calm for a moment. As the clerk then walked Clara and Lindsay out to the car in the parking lot. But then sitting behind the wheel of the Mercedes, Clara started crying as one of the guests. Evangelist Miros helped her into the driver's seat. Ha. Just the fight having gone completely out of her. Now she's sobbing and this sweet man is helping her in her car. Oh. Which I'm also like, don't let her drive right now. I know, but he's like nobody. He's, he doesn't know her. Nobody could have predicted this. No, no, no, no. So he closed the door and started to walk away and then he heard the tires of Clara's car screech as she threw it into gear.


He said she was screaming again, crying hysterical Out of Control. And then he watched us, Clara threw the car into drive and tore through the parking lot in the direction of the hotel's front entrance. And Lindsay's in the car, Lindsay's in the car. See already. Which is devastating. Not only are you like, you're Out of Control, you're reckless, you're endangering no matter what is gonna happen here, you're endangering this child. Yeah. That's fucked up. It is fucked up. Like get your emotions in check. You're are an adult. It's like you absolutely are. This is a very emotional scene. I get it. I, this is, this is fucked up in every way. But You gotta check yourself. You gotta get yourself together. Check yourself. Like become an adult. And also, it's one thing to like try, like you were just saying, like when there's kids in the equation, like you have to think of them first.


Yeah. You have to do that when they're not there. She's sitting there right next to you. That's thing as a reminder that like you need to check yourself. She's there Every decision I make in my life. Yeah. I think of my children and what that decision is going to do to affect them. Of course You do every single decision, whether they're in the room with me, not in the room with me, whether I'm somewhere else. If they're in the fucking car with me, it's a lot easier that a lot easier to make that decision. 'cause they're right there and it's like, You gotta become an adult in this situation. And she just didn't. No. So Ros tried to catch up to the car yelling for her to stop that she's gonna hurt someone. But she already picked up speed. Oh. And that poor man. I know. He's just trying to stop it. Yeah. He, all he could do at this point is watch as she drove away at the front entrance of the Hilton, the desk clerk, Garrett Clark was standing on the curb watching David Harris walk back into the hotel after saying bye to Gail after saying bye to Gail.


I know Jesus Christ. He could hear Evangelist Mirro yelling just moments before he saw Clara's Mercedes swerve around Gail's car. He said, I saw her driving very fast around the corner and accelerating towards me. She clipped the rear bumper of Gail's car as she swerved around, just as Clark turned to see her intended target, David Harris. He said, I saw bulging eyes a terrified look in his eyes. I then saw the Mercedes hit David Harris and then come to a complete stop. This must have been absolutely horrifying to watch. Yeah. And all I'm thinking about in this moment is obviously Lindsay David Harris did not deserve this at all.


No. And probably did not. Who can predict that this is gonna happen? No. You know what I mean? Like obviously people cheat on people all the time and you don't always hear this outcome, but you know, like it's, nobody's like hurting somebody physically or like killing anybody here. Right. And it's like until now. Until now. And it's like this has been escalated to a point where it's no longer Lindsay is in the car that just struck her father. I'm thinking of David Harris here who like made a mistake and is not, you know, the good guy in this situation up until this point. But he did not deserve this. And then Lindsay in this fucking Out of Control car with somebody who is so animalistic that they can't even see straight stop for a second.


Like this poor child is probably like, well now she's is gonna happen. Is she gonna like send us into the side of this building? Like, are we gonna die here? Yeah. And the car has just hit her father. Yeah. And she watches as her Bo as her father's body was thrown 25 feet into the air and then landed on the other side of the parking lot median where obviously it came to a hard thud. Nobody should have to witness this. It only gets worse.


A Elena. Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here. And I am so excited to tell you all about a podcast from Ballin Studios called Redacted Declassified Mysteries. And it's hosted by the incredible Luke Lamana. From covert government experiments to bizarre assassination attempts redacted dives deep into the astonishing true stories of uncovered secrets, lies, and deception within the world's most powerful institutions. Stories like the Mind-Bending Truth behind Operation Paperclip, where former Nazi scientists were smuggled into America to advance US technology and intelligence during the Cold War. Or the shocking story of Charles Manson and the CIA revealing how a notorious cult leader might have been entangled in a web of covert operations. Trust me when I tell you the stories are real and the secrets are shocking, be sure to follow redacted declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever else you get your Podcasts. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe with her car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree Murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reid is innocent. How Does it feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with law and Crime and host of the podcast Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I have nothing To hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus


Garrett Clark and other guests in the parking lot watched in absolute horror as Clara proceeded to drive in a loop around the parking lot and over the median where she then drove over her husband's body. Not one more time, but two more times. I, that's like so beyond one. You have time to stop. That's beyond a snapped moment. Yes. And you have time to stop and realize that what you're doing is wrong. Like after the fir, I mean the first hit alone watching your husband's body is beyond go 25 feet in the air, should absolutely like it should never get to that point. That should take you out of your, that should take you out of it.


Hearing the thud of your husband's body after it's been thrown across a parking lot, median come down onto the ground should snap you out of it. And Hearing whatever poor Lindsay is probably doing screaming in that car should be snapping you out of this situation. And this is haunting later, Clark, who was the hotel employee who was just standing by watching all of this, he said, I heard her cackling and laughing as she drove the last two feet before she hit him. I can't stop thinking of Lindsay in that car inside the car. I can't stop thinking of her seeing this woman laughing and cackling inside the car. All they could hear was Lindsay screaming. And he at one point, even trying to get out of the car while it's still moving, but slowed down and she was trying to get out just before her stepmother drove over her father.


Because you feel that, yeah. Like she's feeling every second of this. She knows she's driving over her father right now. Yeah. Like yep. Like is just so it's on another level. So beyond, it's on another level. Human emotion. This is like so beyond. So after hitting David for the final time, Clara finally put the car in park. And according to witnesses, once the car had stopped, Lindsay jumped outta the passenger seat, ran around the driver's side and punched Clara in the face. Which, here's the thing. Warranted. I know. I just said like, You gotta think before you go violent with somebody. I, you run my dad over with a car. I'm, I'm punching you in the face. I'm, I'm having human emotions right now. Like, no, no, no. We're all having human emotions and If you disagree with this, you're stupid.


Yeah. It's you like whatever. I'm in a car that some my stepmom is driving and she runs over. Like I, I have a stepmom and a dad. I'm, if my stepmom put me in a car at 16 years old and drove over my dad multiple times, I would get out and punch her in the face. Yeah. I can't, I, that's my fucking dad. I cannot for one second blame Lindsay in any way, shape or form for punching her in the, and honestly, she's probably trying to get her out of her fucking stupid. She's in. Yeah. Like snap out of it. Snap the fuck out of it. Look what you just did. Exactly. Like, like now it's all done. God damn. So then Clara got out of the car seemingly in a daze, uncertain what to do next. And at this point she just stood over David's body and started sobbing uncontrollably, then dropped to the ground and cradled him in her his cradled him in her arms and started begging him to breathe.


Witnesses. Heard her saying over and over again. I'm so sorry David. I'm so sorry. I love you. Wow. So she was just gone. Gone. She was just in fucking orbit during that. Because that's the thing, like there's a lot of argument over what her state of mind was when this all happened for me. Like I think what she did is wrong And I think she deserved to spend time in prison for it. Absolutely a hundred thousand gajillion percent. But I don't think she was all there when this happened. Something stopped And I think when she realized what she did, she had a moment of fuck. Yeah. Because she starts sobbing and begging him to breathe and telling him how sorry she is and how much she loves him. And I don't think that was for show.


I think that was a, I just fucking killed my husband's woman. Which also that's a dangerous person. Oh my God. Yeah. That's a really dangerous person. That can 'cause that's an impulsive, reckless motherfucker. Well and that they just blink out like that. You can't just come back and go, oh shit. Sorry. That's a thing. 'cause I'm not saying, just to be clear what you're saying, I'm not saying she was insane at the time. No, you're saying she blinked out. Exactly. Like that's the only phrase I can think of to describe how I'm seeing it is like she literally just was boop. Like I don't think she was criminally insane at all during this. I think she deserved to go to protest. No, I think she was fully blinded by the most intense rage.


Rage that I can, I don't think any of us can conceive of. No, hopefully not. So I think, And I think she literally was gone And I think came to, And I am blinded by rage I think is apparently a real thing. I think she was just not there. Could be. Thankfully I've never experienced it. But moments later. But that's so dangerous. So dangerous. Moments later, Houston police arrived at the scene and police her under arrest for the murder of her husband, which everyone had just watched. Holy shit. So the news of Clara murdering Clara Harris murdering her husband actually fucking shocked everyone who knew them. I would assume Clara and David were, as far as anybody could tell, the perfect couple. In fact people said they had the type of relationship that they wished they had with their husbands.


But that's for sure. Yeah, it tell, it tells you. It tells you that nothing on the outside is real and you don't know anyone's life unless you're in that house with them. It's true. You don't know anything. Yeah. All these influencers that we all love online, all fucking a housewives that we watch, we don't know shit. Yeah, we know shit. It's true. But everyone has an opinion. Everybody thinks they know exactly what's going on. We don't know. This is the kind of shit that tells you. You have no fucking clue. No. That's why I don't aspire for anybody's relationship. I focus on my relationship. Exactly. And making it the greatest it can be. You don't look at, this is the perfect couple no's, the perfect couple.


No, it's like not real. No. I'm concentrating on my own, my own relationship. That's all I can control. Yeah. So Clara, going back a little ways. Clara had been born in Columbia and raised by a mother who was widowed very young. So she'd seen firsthand what it was like to struggle and to get by. And she vowed that she was gonna work hard. She was determined to make a life for herself and support herself. Yeah. She was actually very successful after finishing high school in the early eighties, she started studying to become a dentist in Columbia. And then she was accepted into the dental program at the University of Texas Houston where she finished her studies and started a dental residency at the school. By all accounts, she was beautiful. She was talented, she was smart.


She had a very bright future ahead of her. In fact, just a few months after completing her dental residency at UT Houston, she was crowned Miss Columbia Houston in a local beauty contest. Oh wow. So she like, as far as everybody, everybody was concerned from the outside. She had it together. She had it all in every way you possibly could had it all. David met Clara in 1991 when they were both working at Castle Dental Center in Houston. And his father Gerald told a reporter, I remember David calling soon after he had met Clara and telling me he was completely smitten. Oh. Which is so sad when you think about that is really sad. Like Clara, he was a skilled dentist with a bright future. He was actually very gifted when it came to his personal studies and his chosen profession.


But he also had a way with patients that just put them at ease when they sat down. He had, he had a great personality. It seems, and honestly that with dentists you need that. You do. You need to be able to put people at ease. According to author, my guy Skip Hollinsworth, he, he writes on like all the big Texas cases, which I just love. According to Skip Hollinsworth David quote had a charming folky nature and used words like golly long after they had fallen out of fashion. Okay. I love that. I do too. I actually love that. I love, golly. David had been married once before to Lindsay's mother, but the marriage didn't last long. They separated after just a few years. 'cause Lindsay's mother felt like he was too driven, too career focused. Just didn't have enough time to spend with the family. Hmm.


As divorces go, it was pretty amicable. He got partial custody of Lindsay. He saw her on occasional weekends and holidays and as we know, she spent summers at his house. Yeah. So that's a great arrange deal. Sounds a arrangement. Yeah. It was true that he was a man driven to succeed in his field, but by the time he met Clara, he was already what most people would consider to be successful. So that drive, you know, diminished a little bit. 'cause he was already so she probably got a little bit of a different version. She did. Yeah, exactly. I think that's a great way to say it. And for that matter, Clara was also career focused, so I think maybe they had that in common. Yeah, so she and David had a lot in common. They hit it off immediately and within a year they were engaged to be married.


They got married at the Wind Mirror Yacht Club in Houston on February 14th, 1992. And as we know, had a large beautiful reception at the adjacent Nassau Bay Hilton, which is just fucking chilling to me. That is that. That's really fucked. Chilling, fucked up. It is chilling to me that their wedding reception is where she 10 years later would kill him. That's the thing. Their wedding guest parked in that parking lot, but it really all comes down to You gotta, You gotta be a human, adult human about it. And you can't go off the handle like this. No. Like we, there's ways to handle this. Yeah. And those ways are, you choose to work through it, or you divorce, or you divorce your choices.


Take them to cleaners. Yeah. Take them, them cleaners. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Like why, why not? Yeah. But this just is so upsetting. It is. So, yeah. Before long David's reputation as a skilled orthodontist had gotten around Houston and he and Clara ended up opening their own practice. It was called Space Center Orthodontics. Ooh. And the years that followed, they would open several other offices. Basically. They had like a small chain of privately owned orthodontic offices in the Houston area. Damn. And they were serving as many as a hundred, 120 clients per day. Wow. So they were like in business and probably making bank. Yeah. They definitely were making bank. I think they were among Houston's richest. Yeah.


In 19, maybe not richest, but they were rich. In 1993, Clara told a reporter, I found the best. I found the one God had reserved for me. Oh man. Yeah. And the feeling was mutual at the time. Like Clara, David had photographs of him and Clara photos of their family hanging all over the various offices, which tells you everything you need to know. Exactly. And if the photographs weren't enough of a reminder of their love, they spoke on the phone two or three times all throughout the day, all before going home to each other in the evening they were in. Which seems like it's like great. Yeah. They were in constant contact. Yeah. After they were married, Clara welcomed Lindsay into her life with open arms. And Lindsay was actually smitten with her father's new wife, which that's even sadder.


'cause it's like, know, you love to hear that. You're like, yes. Like, well, that's also like not common. No. Which is like really sad, you know? Yeah. But like, yeah, she got that and fucked it up. Yeah. Like beyond in a repair, massive way. But before we got there, Clara also really wanted children of her own. And in 1993, that dream became reality when she gave birth to two twin to twin boys. So they had like a big happy family. Yeah. Everything's great. Yeah. They have the sprawling suburban mansion, the Mercedes, the kids. But it was equally important to her that she showed the world that she was just as committed to her family as she was to her career. She wanted both Skip Hollandsworth wrote, no matter how many patients Clara had to see, she always got home in time to cook dinner for her family and their palatial white brick home in the cheery suburb of Friendswood.


Wow. Like when I tell you, you seem real, when I tell you quintessential like, and like picture perfect. It seems so perfect with her being like, I have to get home to have dinner with my family. Like, that's so, and that's telling me like, she had that, like, that like parental like way of thinking where it's like, yeah. Instinct. No, my family comes first. Yeah. And it's like, where did it go on this day? She, she blinked out. Like it just blinked out. But she would always tell her patients before this all happened, she had the perfect life. And those who knew her even just a little bit would've been inclined to agree. Absolutely. A former coworker said, I used to tell people I wished I could be able to love my husband in the way that Clara loved David.


Which I was like, damn, I think you should do some internal work that that's an unsettling statement. Yeah. But she really loved, I guess like, holy shit. She's like, damn, I wish I liked my husband. Be like, oh shit. Okay. That's sad. You should talk to someone about that. Yeah. Well, the birth of the twins obviously was a major milestone in Clara and David's lives, both of them. And one they absolutely relished, but it also seemed that they may have underestimated the way that priorities change once kids enter the picture. Oh. At first, David's attentiveness to Clara and his two son. His two sons was unwavering former employee. Susan Hanson said Clara was idolized by her husband when she called. He would always run to the phone.


But after a few years, things started to change, especially after one Gail Bridges joined the practice as a new secretary in 2001. Mm. With Clara at home or at work in another practice, David started paying attention to Gail in ways that he had not ever paid attention to other women in the office. That's fucked up. Yeah. And as far as anybody could tell, the feeling was mutual. That fucked up too. They all agreed, fucked, quote unquote, Gail went out of her way to gain David's attention as he flitted from exam room to exam room. So this is like lifetime movie bullshit. And it's literally like she has twins and suddenly eyes are wandering. Yeah. That's, that's fucked up. That's super fucked up. Yeah. That's cool. Only gets fucked up.


That's, I dunno. Six months later in February, 2022, David invited Gail to lunch at Perry's, one of his favorite local restaurants and their affair pretty much started. Then once Gail was hired, the change in David's behavior wasn't far behind. Susan Hanson said, I began to notice a difference in David around February. He was not making decisions as well as he had been in the past, and he was much less attentive to his patients. Wow. Which remember this is the guy who was like super attentive. Yeah. Two at ease. At ease at, in his first marriage. Yep. So much career focus that that didn't work out. Yep. And now he's like not really as attentive at all. Yeah. Hansen there also started to notice that David was different with Gail than he was with other employees.


He definitely seemed more intimate and attentive. And now she said when Clara would call, he was much less eager to rush to pick up the phone and sometimes would just put her on hold until he figured out and finished what he was doing. That's yucky. It wasn't long before David's relationship with Gail was obvious, not just to everybody working in the office, but to even people who stopped by for a visit. And that's humiliating like his sis or like his daughter Lindsay. Yeah. That's humiliating and gross. Yeah. It's humiliating to Clara on and to Lindsay. Yeah. On one occasion, Lindsay came by the office to visit her dad, and she was very troubled by something she saw. According to Lindsay, she was sitting in the waiting area by the front desk and she saw that her dad had dropped a patient vial on the floor and before he could reach down to pick it up, she said Gail had bent over to pick it up, not bent at the knees like you would normally expect, but bent over at the waist making a point of bending right in front of him.


I'm gonna be honest, I don't like Gail. No, it's, that's let's, let's, let's get that out of the way. Yeah. That's gross. And also like his daughter's there, so maybe like get your fucking shit together. Together. Yeah. Like maybe like get yourself out of heat for a minute. Exactly. Take a cold shower. Gail. Maybe somebody spritz her down with some water. Yeah. Susan Hanson said, I told Lindsay she should talk to him or to somebody about what she'd seen. Oh. Which is so sad that Lindsay, she was obviously upset and went to another employee. Yeah. Who she probably knew like, she's grown up in this practice, she should not be having to see that kind of shit. No. Get it together now. It wasn't just the obvious tension that tipped others off to David and Gail's relationship, but also subtle changes happening around the office. Gail was hired as a front desk receptionist.


She was gonna, you know, schedule appointments, say hey to patients file paperwork. Yeah. Receptionist shit. Yeah. But by winter of 2002, she seemed to take on a much larger role in the company, seemingly at David's insistence. Huh. By March other employees were stunned to find her participating in management meetings, making staffing decisions, and even touring the new facility that David was having built by Interstate 45. Wow. Making staffing decisions sent me. Yeah. Like, come on, I'm sorry, but like, come on. That's, that's different. That's inappropriate. That's a different, that's a different job. Yeah. It just is.


Yeah.


Inspired by the Hit Wondery podcast. Against the Odds comes the gripping guidebook. How to Survive Against the Odds Tales and Tips for animal attacks and natural disasters. This might just be the most important book you'll ever read. Go Inside Life or Death Situations where Everyday People survived Nature's most extreme scenarios. And learn how you can too. In these tales, you'll hear about the grit, willpower and know-how needed to endure shipwrecks, alligator attacks, earthquakes and more. You'll learn from experts, including top doctors about what happens to your body and mind in life-threatening situations, plus important tips on what to do. And equally important, what not to do when faced with a situation that is truly against the odds. Go to www.survivalguidebook.com to get your copy of How to Survive Against the Odds Today Or visit your favorite bookstore.


Diana Cheryl, who worked at the office said, when we went on a tour of the new offices, Dr. David and Gail slipped off. He had forgotten I was there. Oh yeah. Even though most people who noticed that, you know, this change was for sure happening were disgusted with his behavior. A few women in the office considered it a quote unquote natural part of aging. And here's a problem, women, okay ladies, let's do better. Okay ladies, let's, let's do a little fucking better for ourselves than each other. And not just say, well he's gonna try to fuck his secretary at some age. One of them of them said, men go through the change of life. No. Get, get the fuck outta here. I'm also suck. And women don't.


Oh, get the fuck outta here with that shit. We all go through changes in life. That doesn't mean I'm gonna hop on my secretary. Like, what the fuck? Take that shit and choke on it. Are you fucking kidding me, woman? Yeah. Like Mikey just mumbled in the corner. Mikey is Mark to save. Mikey is Mark. Safe, happy, pride, everybody. Yeah. That's fucked up. I'm sorry. Yeah. Whoever said that seek help. Yeah. Like that's insane. Yeah. That's in That's wild. Wild work. Well, and it's to say that it's also just indicating that he's doing this because his, his needs aren't being met at home. Well off. It's like, oh, it's a boys will be boys mentality.


Yes. Men will be men. Well then fuck the men. Exactly. Exactly. Because no, you can't. And not all men and not all boys. So Of course get outta here. Yeah. Just leave, get out right now. Leave. Just like blanket it over them. Like this is what they all do. No, what? It's a very 2002 way of thinking. And again, does anyone deserve to die because of this? No. Absolutely not. But by that summer, Diana, their employee there, had grown very irritated and very tired of watching this affair play out in front of everybody. And I'm sure good for Diana. He wasn't being a great boss during this time. Yeah. So she called Clara and asked if they could meet. Well 'cause they probably, they know Clara. Yeah.


She works there. She call, she works there. They her, she's a huge part of the practice. They her and he's basically asking all of them to be a part of his bullshit. Yeah. And they're probably getting really tired of it. And that's a girl's girl right there It is. Diana's a girl's girl. And she's sitting there saying, You know what, I can't sit here and watch You do this. Yeah. And just pretend that it's fine. Listen, that's what You gotta do. Yeah. So when they finally sat down together in early July, Diana told Claire, you need to protect your marriage. You need to pay attention to Dr. David. I take it back, she's not a girl's girl. Diana is not a girl's girl. I was trying to look at you. I take that back. I was trying to look at you. I also realized that Diana's the one that said they go through the change too. Diana, you're not a girl's girl. Yeah. I don't like that at all.


I don't either. I'm actually really angry at about, because she was basically being like, listen, he's stepping out on you, so You gotta like, and it's your fault. Shove your boobies in his face when he gets home or something. Yeah. I actually have beef with Diana right now. So that's where we are. Yeah. Okay. That's Diana. We have beef. Yeah. Like that's, that's fucked up. Yeah. She said, and now you've totally put it on her. Oh yeah. It gets worse. Ugh. As far as Diana saw it, ever since the twins were born, they had become the center of Clara's world as it motherfucking should be. As it motherfucking should be. They're infants. They need their mom and dad. I'm sorry. Are you telling me that a man is jealous of Bibis of baby twins of his own bibbs for getting more attention?


Fuck off. You got it the day you got it. The day a motherfucker says that to me, the day, that doesn't even sound real. No, it doesn't. Like that is, and that left less time for David. He felt like he'd been pushed to the side. Ooh. Okay. Diana said, finally she asked me if he was having an affair And I said yes. And Diana went one step further. She told Clara exactly who David was having an affair with his secretary. How cliche. You made so many weird choices there, Diana. You really did. Yeah. She really, she, she gave whip whiplash. I can't understand what happened. She gave me whiplash. Yeah. Well anyway, the news obviously was a lot for Clara. Yeah. I can't, that's a lot to swallow.


But she at this point is like, oh no, I've been so wrapped up in, you know, the boys and my practice. I didn't have any time to think about David in recent months. Like how dare I. But also, she didn't wanna believe that any of that was true. That he like, she was like, maybe he's not having an affair. Yeah. She said later we were best friends. We were very much in love. We were a team. That's so sad. Which is really sad that she thought that because they weren't. Because you weren't. And that's awful. It was true that David had been, you know, seemed more stressed out lately. He even was seeming to snap at her and the kids more often than he had in the past. Not cool, but she said it hardly seemed like a reason to think he was having an affair. But the more she thought about it, the more things started to fall into place.


He was more distant than usual and he wasn't even just more busy with work. He was busy at home too. He used to love to come home and sit down and play with the boys for a few hours, participate in bedtime, that whole thing. But now he seemed far more interested in coming home and locking himself in his music room where he would just sit around playing piano, grow up, grow up. It wasn't just that he was busy, it was like he was busying himself to avoid his family. That's not cool. So that night after leaving her meeting with Diana, Clara actually called David's mother, Millie Harris, which I think Millie is the cutest name ever. It is a really cute name. And she told Millie what she'd learned in the hope that maybe his mom would know what she could do to salvage their relationship and their marriage.


So rather than really share any insider suggestions though, Millie just succeeded in convincing Clara that her friend had no idea what she was talking about. And there was no way David was having an affair. Which you didn't understand why his mom wouldn't think that that's his mom. He, she's probably like, no. Yeah, like not my kid. No. Nevermind. She was like, it's natural for people married or otherwise to find others attractive. Maybe even flirt a little bit. But she said David was not the kind of person who would have a straight up affair. And I mean, she's probably really hoping that that's the case. Yeah. I think she's trying to probably convince herself of that as well. Also, If you flirt with other people or are married, you're cheating on me, I'm gonna fight you. Period. After 45 minutes on the phone with her mother-in-law, Clara came away pretty relieved.


Reassured. But then she got home that night and she just couldn't shake the thought that maybe he was involved with another woman. Yeah. Her gut was telling her something. So the next morning she was getting into the shower when David came into the bathroom looking very troubled. And she's like, what's wrong? And after struggling to form his thoughts, he confessed that he had indeed been seeing another woman. He said, I think that you have to know there's somebody else obviously completely shattered by the confirmation that her husband was definitely having an affair. She ran downstairs to the kitchen where Lindsay was making breakfast and it turned out Lindsay already knew her dad had told her the relationships here I, and without words, the relationships here are without borders.


This is wrong on every level. It can be wrong. Yeah. Like we need some boundaries in these relationships with our children. Shit. Yeah. The, the revelation that David not only was having an affair but was having an affair with an employee at their shared practice was devastating. Clara said, he told me there was no intimacy between them that he'd just been lonely. Oh, there it is. Fuck off. Yeah. Classic. He said, this is also, I'm like, fuck you. Oh no. He said, Gail grew up in the US and they shared a lot in common and it was nice to share that with someone. So he looked at his Colombian wife and was like, you know, she's from the us.


We have more in common. Fuck you, fuck you. I don't even know how to respond to that. I would look at him and be like, we opened several practices together because I'm a successful ass motherfucker. And you have more in common with your secretary because she's from the us. That is quite possibly the stupidest thing I have ever heard someone say, especially in reference to like why they were having an affair. I'm having an affair because she, she was born on American soil because those colors don't run. Okay. Are, that's why like, that's a, he's essentially saying, oh yeah.


What? Yeah, you're saying this to your Colombian wife crazy who has built things with you, created a family with you. I'd be like, that's cool. Your children are Colombians. So what? That's the, I'm like, what? That's cool. These two boys that you procreated with me Colombian. Like, damn cool, cool that you and Gail have the US in common, but I'm really, it's really nice that you guys are from the United States. Can you imagine looking at anybody just being like, we're both from the US so we have so much in common. Common. What a weird reason. Frankly, I don't wanna have much in common with the us What a, what a strange ass region reason. Yeah. Holy shit. So that afternoon David and Clara drove to the office where Clara confronted Gail about the affair. I mean Yeah. Which like absolutely, oh yeah. Get it. If you were gonna do it without, without being physical.


Absolutely. Yeah. And do it right away. Gail denied the relationship, but Clara said, I know you're lying. My husband told me you're fired. Fired her on the spot and demanded that she hand over her keys to the office and get the fuck out of there. Yeah. Which like great. So at this point support. Yeah. Supporting what is happening. Yeah. Then her initial reaction to David's confession was to start looking for a divorce lawyer. Which like, let's go girl. Yes. Oh see this is so frustrating. 'cause you're like, you're moving in the right direction. I wish you had kept moving in this direction. But later that day, after the initial shock had worn off, she decided she didn't wanna end her marriage. Which I get You have two fucking babies together. Like I, it's gotta be the worst kind of can't imagine whiplash that you can imagine.


And I understand, I understand both sides. I understand when you find out your husband leaves, like has stepped out on you, you get the fuck out of there. And I also understand wanting to fight for your marriage. Yeah. I get, I get all of it. It's, it's a horrible, horrible situation that is unfathomable. Yeah. Really. The next day she started the process of making herself over to be more attractive to her husband, which is really sad. That's devastating. She bought sexy clothes from Victoria's Secret. She scheduled breast augmentation surgery with a local plastic surgeon and she bought a book about saving a marriage written by the one and only Dr. Phil. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's just really sad.


It is. That night she and David went to a restaurant to talk things over and while they were there she pushed her husband to make a list comparing the attributes of both women. Oh no. So that like she could do better I think. Oh no. The lists were long and brutally honest. Describing Gail as quote no fat, perfect body. And Clara as quote a large person, too big. She gave birth to your fucking children at the same time she was pregnant with two human beings. I'm willing to bet David, you might get a little fucking bigger.


Yeah. When you're growing two circulatory systems, speaking of somebody who has grown two circulatory systems in their body. Two, two at once, two at once. Two at once. You get a little bigger, you it's gonna be different after little bit. And I literally, here's the part where it's like David should not have been killed. Nope. I'm gonna keep saying that. We'll reiterate that. 'cause I wanna make sure no one takes what I'm saying differently. That is what I'm saying. And it, that is what I believe. But that doesn't mean that he was a good guy. No. At this point he wasn't. That's a horrible thing to you. He was not being a good guy. This is not a good guy in this moment.


He might've been a good guy his whole life. He really took a turn here. This is cruel to do to somebody. Can you imagine? It's awful to do to somebody like body shaming your life. If John had ever said to me you were, you are bigger, like it made any kind of only bigger comments. Large person. Too big. Yeah. Any kind of comment about what I looked like after I gave birth to our twins, any kind of negative comment it would've sent me into fucking orbit. Because also Yeah, she knows because that shit is very jarring after you have kids. Yeah. And especially after you have multiples, you'll look different. Yeah. And it's like you get outta that shower and you look in the mirror and you go, whoa, who's that?


And it's even now I look at 'em like, wow. You see, it's always different. That's the thing. You look incredible. You have 9-year-old twins though. Like, but you're always gonna look like you. I had twins. I look like I had twins. But thing And the thing is like these were young boys. Yeah. They're big. Their kids. It takes a while to get your quote unquote body back. Yeah. If you ever do. My kids are, we're almost a decade in and it's, it's different still. It just isn't never going the way it was before. There's a lot that goes into it. You have to maintain a certain weight If you wanna breastfeed. Exactly. You have to like, there's a whole bunch of reasons why you don't just snap right back. And also you should look and it shouldn't matter. You should look different. Yeah. You did something crazy, incredible. A little life changing.


So you should look different. And you should have somebody that is in absolute awe of that. Yeah. Is like, wow. Yeah. Your body's amazing. It created two of my favorite people in the world. That should be the vibe. And went crazy trauma to do so. Yeah. Like And I, And I hate, 'cause I know there's listeners that are listening right now who don't have somebody doing that. And you should, 'cause you're beautiful. Don't kill anyone. Never. Don't anybody's ever tell any answer anybody. But you should always have somebody who is saying, wow, your body's incredible. And especially after you give birth, your body just created one of my favorite people on planet earth. So your body just go did a miracle. Yeah. Your body created a circulating atory system.


A miracle. Like fuck off. Like that's large person. Too big. That's just so sad. And if anybody ever says that to you, you get up and you leave. Right. Then you don't even think about it twice. I don't have sympathy for the act that she committed. No. By any means. But I have sympathy for her. But I have sympathy for her in this moment. 'cause I just can't imagine being torn down like that would, that would kill me and postpartum kill. You're already saying the worst things to yourself and it's like, that's so cruel. It's mean to do. It's mean. I just wish that this had gone a different way. Me too. Because like damn. Me too. So despite the obvious fucking cruelty of comparing his wife's looks to those of his mistress. Damn. Among other things, David and Clara did agree to work on their marriage with Clara taking most of the blame for him having an affair in the first place.


Oh man. And also shouldering the responsibility of fixing things. A few days later they went away to the beach for a long weekend and everything seemed like it was back on track to getting normal. But just two weeks later, David Harris would be dead crushed to death under the weight of his wife's Mercedes. Oh man. Yeah. It just escalated so quickly. Yeah. And I would say that was a lot of information for you guys to digest. So that is where we're gonna wrap. It's so upsetting. That's where we're gonna wrap for part one. Oh Lord. Yeah. This is just sad and horrible in In every way Imaginable. Yeah.


Every single way. Because it's just like none of this needed to happen. No, none of it. No. And again, it's also like, and I'll state it again, it's not his fault. Say it again. That what happened to him. No, but If you don't wanna be with your significant other, that's cool. Just don't be with them anymore. Divorce. Just affairs never end. Well I never understand why people go into them. It's like just, it's not gonna end well. It never does. How many affairs have I talked about on this fucking podcast? Exactly. End it. They'll be sad, hurt feelings, but that's much better than a murder charge and a dead person involved.


Yeah. Like come on. Yeah. But emotions run so high and humans they do are Wiley creatures. There's also a lot more to this story that we haven't even gotten into yet. Ooh, interesting. So stay tuned for part two, like that's Wiley. Oh man. And with that being said, we hope you keep listening And we hope you keep it weird. But that's the way that you hit your husband with the car, even if he did cheat on you. No, you can't do that. Don't do that. It's really bad.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


If you are looking for new ways to get ahead, then you are our kind of person. We are Udemy And we help learners like you upskill in ai, productivity, leadership and management, and more learn at your own pace from real world experts. You can also prep for certifications that show employers what you know upskill for the career you want@udemy.com. Now back to your regularly scheduled listening.