
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Morbid is brought to you by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving cleaning, even exercising. But what if you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching? Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customer surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


What's It like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply, see at t.com/iphone for details.


Hey, Weirdos, I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And I am Doug Jones. And we have a very special episode of Morbid today. Woo. Doug Jones is here. Guys. Whoa, weirdos. We, I mean, Doug Jones is an absolute icon, to be perfectly honest. And also we can, we can also say that he is the nicest monster in Hollywood because A hundred percent we have had to Reschedule this pod twice because of just various shenanigans that occurred.


Nicest man ever. Like truly, if it was gonna happen with everyone. Anyone. I'm glad it happened with Doug. Yeah. So thank you for being so patient with us. Oh, and you, me, I, I, I love you Guys. No, we love you. We love you. So Doug has breathed life into roles of like the Fawn and the Pale Man and Pan's Labyrinth. Those are two of my favorites, like all time favorites. So good. The Amphibian Man in the Academy Award-winning film, the Shape of Water. His resume includes the roles of Billy Butchers Sin Iconic from Hocus Pocus, Baron Enos on what we do in the shadows, as well as the titular role in David Lee Fisher's upcoming film. Nosferatu A, Symphony of Horror.


And we are just so excited to have him on the pod today. So again, thank you so much for joining us. Aw, thank you. And I can't live up to that introduction. I think we're done here. You already have, you've already do every day already talk to it. Thank you. So your, like, like we just said, your resume is mighty, like one of the mightiest. We have to ask how are you able to do all that? To be all that, to personify all that and still keep your feet on the ground and truly be the nicest monster in Hollywood. Oh, well, for thank you for thinking of me in that manner. I, I don't deserve it. I love you for that. You do. I, you know, it's funny, my resume is, is long.


Not because I'm really that good, it's just 'cause I'm that old. I've been around a while, you know? So I, I've been, I, my career has happened because of the graciousness and kindness of the creature effects makeup people. Honestly, if it wasn't for their referrals early on, that propelled me to the next project and the next one and the next one. I never would've met the, you know, the wonderful Rolodex of directors I have now worked with, including the ever great Guillermo del Toro. Oh. It's because of, of those early days being, you know, when you come to Hollywood Land and you're a tall, skinny, goofy actor, boy, six three, a hundred thirty five pounds, and you have a background as a mime, and you can also put your legs behind your head.


So your resume says contortionist on it. There you go. So that was like my, my first commercial agent's dream. It's like, okay, we can do so much with this. So, yeah. So they, they submitted me for all kinds of things that were physical, Tom foolery and clowning and miming, of course. And a lot of those roles that came with that kind of breakdown also came with a look that needed to be glued on to me. So those early commercials that I did, the very first commercial I ever did was for Southwest Airlines as a dancing mummy. I Love it. Right. How that worked into an airline. I'll never remember. But, but I, I think the Faires had dropped low enough that I, I could finally come outta my sarcophagus and go on vacation.


I think that's how it worked. And then shortly after that, I booked a commercial for a, a Worlds of Wonder Toys for a doll commercial. And I was an alien landing in, in a kid's backyard. And I, I thought I was making first contact because the doll was left out and it was a talking doll. But, you know, you push it on the belly, it's like, hoo, that tickles, whatever. So, so it was like a funny little, oh, we're first contact. But it was, yeah, that creature effects makeup designer that made those alien outfits for that commercial. Then also was doing the, the ma the moon head for the Mac Tonight campaign for McDonald's. I Remember those so vividly. Right? Well, it set to the theme song taken from Mac the Knife, but re but re re rebranded it for McDonald's as Mac tonight.


I love it. It's Mac tonight. Hey. Yeah. So I ended up booking that job as the Crescent Moon head guy under this huge heavy mask, also created by Steve Neil. So I was already getting a taste of, ah, the creature effects world is tight and almost incestuous. And, you know, and they, they, like, they're very loyal. So if they like working with you. So the reputation got around town that I'm tall, skinny, move. Well, and don't complain when there's a lot of stuff on me, you're lovely To work with. So I guess that's the reputation that got around the creature of fio. So, so the referrals happened and snowballed from there. And here we are 38 years later and, and it with a resume that I never foresaw.


And I never, I never saw it like, I wanna be monsters. I I really wanted to be a sitcom star when I started. I wanted to be like a goofy next door neighbor that comes, you know, like on the Dick Van Dyke show. Oh, I Love that. Or being Kramer on, on, on the Seinfeld. You know, the guy who comes in and does something funny and leaves, you know? Right. That's all. I had very low aspirations for myself. You surpassed all of them very much. Oh, thank you. So getting swept up by the Creature of Effects world was a surprise to me, but a happy one that, that turned, that has turned into a, a career that, that has been very, very good to me. And, and, you know, and you know, when you mentioned Gui, like the likes of Guillermo Deltoro, when you are standing on the stage at the Academy Awards because a movie you were in called the Shape of Water, just one best picture and you're there with the entire team accepting the award for best picture.


and it's a, it's a academy best picture with a monster on the cover. This doesn't happen. Yeah. It really Doesn't. And you happen to be the guy who played that monster. It's surreal moment. You can imagine. I was gonna say, how does your brain wrap around that? Like, just being, it doesn't, on the Academy award stage must be like, what? Well, You're looking at, you're looking out a sea of the most famous faces you've ever seen in your life. That's, and they're all looking back at you with adoration in their eyes. It's like, this, this moment doesn't happen to just anybody. It doesn't. No. You Know That. That's A, that's a pinch me moment for sure. Totally. Totally. I believe the aliens should abduct me now. This is insane.


Right. That's a good time to die happy. Right. Truly. You're like, I'm, I'm good. And it's funny that you brought up the Mac Tonight character. Oh, yeah, yeah. One, I vividly remember those, those commercials. So that's so funny. But also, yeah, our researcher for Morbid. Yeah. Our friend Dave, his father Jim White, actually directed a lot of those commercials. So we had like this weird one degree of separation. Isn't that, What are the chances? Isn't that weird? Yeah, it's awesome. Yes. And I remember us talking about this like a long time ago when we, when he brought up like, oh, my dad directed those things we're like, oh my God, I used, I used to love those commercials. And then we found out you were back tonight.


We were like, what? Well, if you didn't get a message back to him that I love him dearly to this day. Oh, of Course. We definitely will. I love that. Thank You. Aw. And we spoke about Guillermo Deltoro, and I have to ask, because I'm a huge Guillermo Deltoro fan. I think he's so brilliant and he seems like just one of, he's one of those people that he seems like one of the sweetest, kindest, just like genuine person. What is, is he that person? What is it like to work with Him? Yes, he will. They say, don't meet your heroes, but he's one you would absolutely love to meet. Oh, that's so nice. Because he live love to all of your, all of your dreams and expectations of who he is. I'd love that. I, you can imagine how often I get asked what's it like to work with Ka Soto?


You gotta tell me. Yeah. Because you're, you're not alone in, in that love for him. I, I hear I hear such love for him everywhere I go. And when you work with him, you are, you're doing two things. You are under the tutelage of one of the most visionary, brilliant artists in the world ever. You're also hanging out with a, like a funny friend who is the self-effacing, hilarious, and sassy as can be. So he's right. He's, He's, I love that he's sassy. Oh no. He's, he's got the best sense of humor. And in fact, he's a director that understands his actors better than any, any director normally does. He, he directs all of us on the same project in different ways, depending on our personality and what we'll respond to, because he is already sussed all that out.


Wow. That's, he's, he's brilliant with, with the human spirit and the, and psychology and all of it. So with, with the set of buttons on us that he now knows what to push to get a, what reaction out of us on the day he'll direct. Like, so from the Hellboy movies, Ron Perlman, Selma Blair, and Doug Jones, very different personalities. So we all got different types of direction from him. Oh, That's like Brilliant. Now with me, it's very simple. He knows if he can make me laugh, I'll do whatever, whatever he says. So one of my favorite examples was from Hellboy two, the Golden Army. There was one long tracking shot that he wasn't going to cut away to anything. He had no coverage to cut away to. So I had to, I had to do a, a lot of physical business while this one camera circled me and I had to be done with the business by the time the camera stopped.


Well, I wasn't, this the first take of this. It's like I was going slow and methodical and like milking these moments visually. And by the time the camera stopped and it just stayed there for a while, and I wasn't done yet. Finally Guim Deltoro, he finally, he yells, cut Dougie, you're boring me to tears. Right. And that's all he had to say. And I was like, got it. Got It. Okay, I'll go, I'll go in a different direction. I Heard you So take take two worked and Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, I love him dearly. We do have a shorthand like that. Oh, I love that. That makes me so happy. 'cause it truly is one of those things that it's, you hear that all the time, don't be your heroes. And I'm like, not Guillermo, you can meet Guillermo.


There you go. Me, Guillermo Ermo Guillermo. I love it. Yeah. But, so one of the big things that's happening right now is that we are in the final season of what we do in the Shadows. Yeah. Which, yeah. Oh, bittersweet, Right? Yeah. It starts on the 21st and you obviously play Baron Enos amazing character. Yes. So good. You are like, thank you. Show, What is it? Has it been emotional to say goodbye to that character in the show? Yes. By the way, the Beon loves who very much do my diving. Don't worry about it. Amazing. Playing Baron Aines has been the joy of my life. You know, a a after this 38 year career of my you Know That I behind that I have behind me with more, more coming ahead.


Of course. Yes. But looking back, it's like, I, I haven't, I've looked forward to going to work a very handful of times over all of the jobs that I've done, because I, Know That, a lot of them are very physically taxing, and I know it's ahead of me, and I'm gonna have to go through the process and the thing and of thing. Right. Or I have a ton of like science fiction dialogue that I have to blurt out in a monologue with techno talk in it. And I love them, but dread them at the same time if you Yeah. If that makes any sense. Yeah. And Definitely What we doing, the, what we do in the shadows, oh my gosh. I look forward to it with like, I can't wait to get there. You know? I love that because when you're doing something that that's all for the funny and you are taking vampire tropes and sending them up and like, you know, and just like mocking all of it the best, you know, in, in this age of comedy that we're in now, everyone's being so careful to not offend.


Well, our show does nothing but offend everybody. You know? And that's What makes it great, And it's got an old school vibe to it because of that. Yeah. Right. Do you love an equal opportunity to offender in the Show? Absolutely. Let's just, let's just make fun of everybody and we're all taking, taking care of It across the board. That's true. Then nobody's left out and everybody can be offended together. Exactly Right.


How many transactions do you make each month? I literally could not even take a guess about mine. And I was absolutely shocked to learn that the average US consumer makes an average of 70 payments per month. 70. Keeping track of our spending these days can be overwhelming, to say the least. Unless you have Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all your checking, savings, credit cards, and investments all in one convenient place, which allows you to understand your spending habits. Rocket Money can help you set a custom budget by identifying top spending categories and suggesting areas where you could adjust your spending habits. We all have them. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you that you're getting a little close to going over budget, so you can save more and spend less. I love that feature because I am a girly that operates on a budget, and that budget was set by Rocket Money, and it has been working for me. I've been listening to my, my Rocket Money guy. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over a billion dollars across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid. Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


If you're ever worried about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act right now. You can get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system. Their best deal of the year. SimpliSafe is the home security that I personally trust. I've been using it for years at this point, and I just love the peace of mind it brings, knowing that my home is protected 24 7, and guess what, my listeners can get 60% off today just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. One of the things I love most about SimpliSafe is that even if you are across the country, you can open up that app and see exactly what is going on back at home. SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they even break into your home. Old school systems only take action once somebody's already inside your home, and that's too late. SimpliSafe is offering my listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale this week. Only you can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid, that's SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


And what the, what the Baron has also afforded me was, you know, when I, I've always had a love of vampires, they've always intrigued me, and I've wanted to play, you know, a, a classic vampire. So years ago, if you had asked me what's my dream role, it would've been what we're gonna talk about next would be know Atu. Right. Of course. You know, the, the dark mis mystery of him and the, the, the, the horrific look of him. Yes. Well, when I was offered the role as Baron Aass and what we do in the shadows, he kind of was a parody of Nosferatu in a way. He's Yeah. He's, he's the, the vampire that comes from the old world. And he, he's, he sent all of his minions out to North America to conquer the New world, and they never made it outta Staten Island.


So he kinda stays there with them now, like, whatever. Right. So let's Do that. No, I just, I I love the, the, that now that I've done the Nosferatu A Symphony of Horror movie and what we do in the shadows, I've had both the light and the dark of this, of this type of vampire character. I, that's my favorite part, is that you've touched both sides of the spectrum on the vampire scale and So perfectly. It's so good. Oh, Thank You. And speaking of, like, just, I was just thinking about like how you were saying, like some days you would be like, oh God, I have to go in and like, you know, I'd have to like spew out all this dialogue That's crazy. Or I have to go in the makeup chair. How, yeah. Do you do anything specific? 'cause I know you probably had to sit in that makeup chair for a lot of these roles for a long time.


Do you have to do anything specific to like, get yourself in a vibe to be able to do that? Well, here's the weird thing about me is that I don't need to do anything specific. Unlike most people. I don't get antsy. I don't get stir crazy. I can sit still and stare at a wall for hours and be completely entertained. Wow. What is that like? I, I know that's amazing because that's the number one question I get from people's. Like, I would go crazy if I just sit still for that long, and it's like, Nope. That's the easy part of my day. Yeah. The makeup artists are doing all the work during that time, and I get to just kind of go sit there and go over my dialogue if I need to, or we listen to music or we tell jokes or whatever. Right. It's a great time of day. It's, but it's when now, now that it's on and you, you have extra heat weight stickiness to your person and you have to perform in it all day and keep your energy up while wearing extra layers of stuff and, and trying to not, not stick to your chair when you, when you're taking a break or whatever it is.


Right. That's, that's the, the long part of the day for me, honestly. And I can imagine. Yeah. Yeah. Because I, that would destroy me. I'm so heat sensitive that I feel like as soon as I started sweating, I'd be like, get it off. Yeah, I know. No, let me, no, I delineate between suits and makeups. A a monster suit would be something that you slip into, zip up the back. Right. and it might involve a head that's that go slips over your head, snaps down to the neck, and then you get, there's mechanics that are puppeteered in the face. Right. That's a suit. Makeup would be either glued or painted onto my real person. So when you're in a suit, there's nothing quite like that feeling of now it goes on much faster.


You're, well, maybe 30 minutes into the whole thing and you're, and you're ready to perform. But once it's on, it is hair. Oh yeah. They're usually very heavy. Yeah. And very hot. And you feel that trickle of sweat going down the back of your neck and you can't get to it. Oh. Or you feel that trickle of sweat coming down the side of your face. Is it gonna hit my eye? I don't, yeah. Is it gonna go, ah, it's on the cheekbone now. I guess we, It's in my mouth now. Yeah. Because salty sweat in the eye. You don't wanna do that while you're on camera. Not Great, Not ideal. I give you credit. Truly true. Right. I think the heaviest thing I've ever worn is my wedding dress. And even that at the end of the night, I was like, get this off of me. Seriously. Well, you Know That people who just wear wigs on camera are, it's, it's a, it's an itchy mess.


Yes. And they want them off. I totally get it. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Wearing a wig for Halloween. I'm like, why did I choose to do this? Like, this is awful. Right. We end up ripping it off like at the end of the night, like, ah. Right, Right, right. Yeah. Well, going back to our love of vampires who are love and our love, we are so excited, like completely stoked for the premiere of David Lee Fisher's Nosferatu. A Symphony of Horror that is premiering on October 18th on Apple TV plus. So everybody go check it out. But this is a very different approach to remaking a classic film. It's shot in black and white. Yes. It's so hauntingly beautiful. We got Oh, gorgeous. We got to get a little sneak peek. Oh, thank you for the screener of, it is Delicious looking. It's beautiful.


So can you tell us a little bit, do you know anything about like, how they really created the film? Yeah, yeah. Thank you for setting that up so beautifully by the way, because it's a very confusing time for the title Nosferatu, because there is another one right on our tail coming out Christmas directed by the, the wonderful Robert Eggers and starring the brilliant Bill scars guard in the same role I'm playing now. He might be younger, hotter, and more famous than me, but I think we can have both, can't we? Absolutely. We all walk Both. Okay, good. We do. Yeah. And you're, and I'm gonna watch theirs with, with every bit of glee as I meant watching on my own. The ours though, what makes ours a little bit different is it seemed foresee the same movie as the silent film that made it a classic in the first place.


So I got to get into not only Max Re's role, but I also was in his environment digitally reproduced from the original film. That's so cool. David Lee Fisher, our director is a, a technical wizard who made this all ma magic happen. So it might be something as much as when I was, let's say, when Nora was outside walking around with his coffin under one arm, that would be a complete a hundred percent green screen set with marks on the floor to match exactly where I needed to turn. Wow. Stop, walk up steps, whatever. Right. That we would match then. And I with the laid in frame from the old movie and the least amount of green screen used might be Ellen's bedroom.


When I finally get into her and I'm finally, you know, reaching the, the, the, the pinnacle, the, the object of my desire. She's the, she's the, the dessert of all the meals I've had over, over my vampire years. Her bedroom scene was Walls built furniture in the room, and the window though was green behind it. Oh, that's cool. So that they could put, put in the original movie window behind that. That's amazing. So there's a green screen element to every scene of the movie. Yeah. And so that does bring old and new together with a very ethereal kind of dreamlike Yes. Feel to it. Right. But also ours. And that's why we filmed ours in black and white so that we could match the old movie more seamlessly. And, and also with dialogue and sound that fleshes out that silent film story, it is seen, foresee the same story, but now with dialogue you get to hear more of it.


Yes. Right. Right. Yeah. and it really does have that ethereal quality to it. Like it does, it's almost like, I don't even know if this is the right word. It feels like gauzy. Yeah. When you watch it like it, it's this like pretty veil for That's a great word. That is, you know, like, I don't know why. It just feels gauzy. I love it Is she's a novelist. It makes sense. Yeah. It makes perfect sense. Yeah. Well, you mentioned before that you, this is a role you hoped you would play someday. Yeah. So how was it playing this role? Was it completely surreal? Yes, yes, yes. He had been my bucket list character for many years. And I think I always had a, a love and fascination with vampires anyway. And of course I loved Illa Lago as Dracula. Oh yeah.


And of course all the other Draculas over the years that have been played by various act wonderful actors. But there, there, there's a certain sexiness about Dracula that I thought, Hmm, I Know That Doug Jones can pull that off. I think you can, you totally can. And then, but bless you. Bless you. For, but then there's also the, the teenager sparkly ones Yes. From that other franchise that I'm like, I'm never gonna fit that demographic. So that's okay. That's that's totally fine. Right, right. So, but the buck tooth, pointy eared scraggly one. Yes. Him. I get Ding, ding, ding. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why. No, but what I also love about his hideous look is that he's probably not aware that he looks that bad. Now, he was a, he's a count, right.


So he was, he's of nobility in his younger day when he was a human, he probably was quite fetching, you know? Absolutely. And he, right, and he probably was respected by the community and all kind, and who knows what story got him, what decisions he made, what, what position he put himself into become a vampire. And now decades, you know, millennia, you know, centuries later, who knows how old he is. He's living with his choice. Right. Yeah. And is he, is he ever satisfied? Did, is this a satisfying lifestyle for him? So that's why what I loved about him was his, was his yearning for Ellen. The, the character that, that I'm after in the movie, by the way, Ellen was played by Sarah Carter.


Sarah Carter and I starred together as series regulars on falling skies, my god. About 10 years ago. Oh my God. Oh, wow. And it's because of that relationship that I said, Hey Sarah, would you be a dear? Oh, I love that. And she's that, oh my gosh, I love this. So that's how we got her into the movie. She's like, awesome Ellen. Okay. My Arm. And she's like, is she not a movie star? Seriously. Oh my God. Ridiculous. Yeah. Ridiculous. Right. Incredible. Every angle. I know, I know, I know, I know. I told her. Truly. And so her husband in the movie Young Thomas, was played by Emory Cooper. Yeah. He's a series regular on Coronation Street. Now it's a Bri a very British Oh, okay. He's from Great Britain. So that his accent was legit. Oh, I love that. Okay. So he's sent on this journey by his real estate boss who goes crazy, by the way. His real estate boss was, was a character knock, played by a actor named Edgar Allen Poe.


Hmm. Do you believe that? Stop it. I Know That. Should I Know That name? Yeah. I dunno what from Yeah. But to Knock sends Young Thomas on this journey to fetch me in Transylvania because I'm, I'm interested in buying a piece of property in their hometown right across the street from them. Because something about me, I, I, you know, Ellen has been calling to me from afar and I haven't really, you know, known who she is yet or what she is. But I Know That, I, I need her, he comes to me to sign paperwork for this real estate deal. And while he's with me, he's getting creeped out by all that. I am what I look like gonna say.


And I love those scenes when, when, you know, we're at the dinner table and he's eating food and I'm not, and, and I'm just kind of staring at him or, you know, I love That so much, so fun. Right. There was so much dialogue happening in those quiet, silent moments where he's very uncomfortable and I'm very comfortable. Too comfortable. Too comfortable. Exactly. And one of my favorite moments too was I'm about to sign the paperwork and I pause for a minute and say, do you have the time? And he hands me his pocket watch in, which was a photograph of Ellen, his wife. And that was like, dun, dun dun. That was the moment that Count Warlock realizes that's the object of my desire.


That's who I've been dreaming of. That's who I've been wanting all this time. So he rushes and signs the paperwork, and now it's a done deal. So what I love too, about this, this story is that once he gets to the town and takes residency across the street from Ellen and Thomas, he doesn't go right for her right away. He spear at her through the window like a creep. Of course. And, and he, other people in town are dying all around them. They think there's an epidemic that's, you know, wiping, there's some kind of a virus wiping out the city. So he saves her for dessert. Right. Oof. That's, and by the time he gets to her, this is, this is the ultimate, this is what Right. The moment his, his whole life as a vampire has been leading to this moment.


It's his magnum opus. Yeah. Right. And I love that David Lee Fisher left the camera on me for a long time while I am on her neck. Yes. And it's very sensual and very disgusting all at the same time. Exactly. Beautifully horrific. Horrific, beautifully horrific, great way to say it. So when then when he comes to and realizes that the sun is, is up and he's, it's coming through the window, he's like, he kind of overdid it. He over overindulged in his addiction. I think that's when he had his come to, to light moment of, I, I wanted to add some humanity into him because watching the silent film, of course, it's very dramatic. And, and, you know, and Max Shrek struck that pose when he got in front of the window with a, a hand on the heart and a hand in front of the window.


Like, no, not the sun. Right. So I wanted to strike that, that iconic pose as I tried to strike a lot of his iconic poses throughout the film. But give some, some backstory meaning, and some heart and soul of why he got into that pose. Oh, I Love that.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. So I wanna shout out the people in this room, Elena and Mikey, and from afar, Dave, because without the four of us, this show just wouldn't exist. And I love the four of us, but guess what? There's another person. We don't get to thank enough ourselves. I just thanked me. But, you know, it's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything in this crazy world. And because we're in this crazy world, it's not always that easy. So here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in your life, including yourself. I think one of the best things you can do to show gratitude towards yourself is dedicate an hour of your week to therapy just to talk through all the stuff you got going on. Everybody's got so much stuff going on. So talk it through with a therapist. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And guess what? You can switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I had a baking day the other day and I said, what would make this baking day better? Oh, I know the Audible version of Slew Foot because that narrator's voice is literally the calmest voice in the world. And I finished it and I could cry that it's over because I loved listening to that title so much. You guys will love it too. And guess what? As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days Audible dot com slash Morbid.


So this moment in the bedroom, I'm thinking, wow, I had my dessert. I've reached the pinnacle of, of, of my desires. Where do I go from here? Is there anything left? And did it really truly satisfy me? Or am I just a pathetic being and do I have any reason to live beyond this? So when the sun is coming in the window, he knows he's gonna burn. If do I take my chances and try to get out of the room and pass the window? Sure. And if I die, you know what? Maybe I deserve it by now. I think that's kind of what the backstory I gave him that maybe I'm not sure did or not. So it Translates definitely. It really does. No, thank you. Thank you so much. That's very, very sweet, beautiful and wonderful. and it intimidating to play this role too.


Oh, sure. Because there's no way to not compare me to Max Shrek and also to all the other No. Satos, including Willam Defoe's, brilliant. Shadow of the Vampire version. And of course Bill Skarsgard coming. I'm he's gonna be DD Delicious in whatever he does with it too. Definitely. Yeah. But yeah, I could see why that would be an intimidating role to take on, for sure. Yeah. I love that you put like your own, like spin on it though, and that you put your own like feelings into those poses and everything. 'cause it really does translate. Yeah. You left your mark on us feral too. Oh, thank you so, so much. Yeah, IIII was so, I was so happy that our director too was on board with like, ma making sure we hit all those, all those, those iconic notes.


Like when, when he's in the, the bowels of the ship in transit and, and the, the captain comes down and sees him like standing up from his coffin Yes. Stiff as aboard. Right. So good. Well, right. That, that took some engineering, by the way. I bet we did It. And, and then also the, the, that famous shadow going up the stairs Yes. When he on his way to Ellen's bedroom. So spooky, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then of course, like I said, that the grabbing of the heart and the hand out to the suns time, that's my favorite Classic. I love it. Classic, classic moment. Yeah. It's awesome. Going back to the look you mentioned, like, does he even Know That, he looks like this. Yeah. What was the costuming like? Like was it very heavy on prosthetics?


How, how was that for you? Yeah, good, good question. This was, as far as prosthetics go again, I've played creatures that are rubberized from head to toe. This was not that. This was head in hands, thank heaven. Nice. So, but with a, with a very specific wardrobe to match the original wardrobe. And there was a bit of, a bit of a hump built into the back. 'cause he was hunched over in the original film. They, we didn't, I, I think I probably stand a little straighter than Max Shrek did, but they still did have some, some extra built in built into that hump area of the back Oh, Okay. With, with this long double breasted coat. And that was gorgeous. And the, the prosthetics though, were, I, I wore more prosthetics than, than the other. NORAs have really, rather that it played in more, including Max Trek was very smooth.


It was basically his face with a bald cap and, you know, some ears and some funny hair, swaths of hair placed just so I was more wrinkled and, and elderly looking. Yeah. Which was a design choice. And here's the fun, the fun backstory of, of that Look, Mike Aldi, he a very talented artist who owns the Creature Shop Spectral Motion that did the Hellboy movies with me and the Silver Surfer movie with me. And he as a, as a garage project at home, started sculpting a Nosferatu decades ago on a life cast of me, my bust. Oh wow. He did, he added clay to me and started sculpting what he thought Nosferatu might look like in his dreams.


And he came up with that. That's amazing. Once, once it was done, they had prosthetic pieces made of it. And just as a test, fun makeup test. One day he called up and said, would you ever wanna put this on just for a Saturday afternoon fun photo shoot? Yeah. I said, yes. Casual. It's like manifesting. So Yeah. Right. So we went and did that. And this is again, a good 10 years before this movie came up. Oh, this is Ob. So yeah. So, so when David Lee Fisher, who I'd worked with before on a movie much like this, we did a, we did a re-imagining a re a remix of the cabinet of Dr. Kalari. Oh. That 1919 silent film that we made into the same thing. Old movie, new movie, put together with dialogue, sound, musical score.


So David Lee Fisher calls me up one day and says, Hey, if you don't wanna do this, I won't do it. But, but I have this idea, would you want to ever do Nosferatu? Like we did Kalari. And I was like, you have been reading my dreams. Yes. Right. So, so, and I said, in that same phone call, oh my gosh, I know exactly what makeup I wanna wear doing this too. Wow. So we went back to Mike Elizalde and his design is what Moe Meinhardt and Ben Plowman then put on me on the day. It took about four hours a day. And those four hours also included appliances on the back of my hands to make them more bony and veiny. Right. And also to add those, those delicious talents, those Acre Fingernails. Yes. The acrylics.


Yeah. Right, right. Talk about Lee Press on nails. That was a Yeah, That is so cool. It was like you were manifesting this 10 years in advance. That's amazing. Yeah. For real. Isn't that, isn't that wackadoodle? I know. I love it. Just Love it. See, it was meant to be. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. It really was. So, speaking of all these vampire things, because vampires are so much fun and it's spooky season, and no Atu A, Symphony of Horror coming. Like, why not talk about a funny stinky vampire legend really quick. We thought, oh, Okay. I want to hear this. Yes. All right. I've got a stinky vampire for you. Okay. Okay. So this case of Vamir brings us all the way back to Pinch Aliza, a section of Poland.


It was the yield days of 1582. Oh. And Johannes that is yield. It's yield. Johannes conscious was out with one of his horses. They were all trying to repair the horse's shoe. It was him and a couple assistants. Now something went wrong where the horse got upset and actually ended up kicking conscious, knocking him unconscious also, I swear that's his name. And I'm not swearing right now. Yeah. Conscious went unconscious. Exactly. So luckily, like I said, he wasn't working out there alone. So they picked him up, they brought him inside, laid him down in bed. Now he slipped in and out of consciousness in the following days. But in the moments where he was with it awake, some dark, dark secrets started to come out.


Oh. Conscious was very, very worried about dying because the life he led wasn't really the purest. Oops. He was a well-respected alderman in his small community. But he admitted while laying on his deathbed that his life had been full of various sins. Some even claimed that he admitted to making a deal with the devil. That's a big one. Mm, that's a huge One. That's a big one. Yeah. That'll send you straight to Haes. Yeah. Life altering. So the story goes that the deal was made around the same time that CES's young song, young son, excuse me, disappeared. And many believe that he actually sold his son to the devil for money, which right after his son disappeared, he fell into a great sum of, that's, that's the biggest sin you could do.


I feel selling your son to the devil. That's, that's a, that's damning evidence too, isn't it? Yeah. That's very damning evidence. The timing is suspect. The literal receipts are there. And that's, that's the sin of all sins. Money has exchanged hands. Exactly. Right. Right. Hands claws, whatever have you. Whatever happens. So while he laid dying in his bed, he would call a woe is me. How do I burn him? And I'm all on fire. And he would repeat over and over again that his sins were, quote, bigger than all of the world besides, and we all agree. Yeah. And everyone said, Ooh. They said, yeah. They said, you sold your son to the devil conscious. Yeah. What did you expect? Yeah, that tracks.


Yeah, it did. So that the night that conscious actually did die, he did eventually come, you know, to his death. The great unconscious is What he became. The great unconscious. That was great. Yeah. Thank you for that. No problem. So the night that he did die, his son, his oldest son that didn't get sold to the devil, was sitting in the room with him and later said that a black cat slinked into the room, jumped upon C'S chest and started scratching at his face feverishly, almost like the cat was trying to erase him from this world. The sun said, oh, and this was right before he died. That's poetic. He wasn't completely dead yet.


It is poetic. Not dead yet. His son said that as the cat suddenly disappeared from the room, conscious breathed out his last breath. Ooh. So he, he did erase him from the world. He did. The cat said, my job, where is done? You're okay. He licked his paws and left the room. Right? Yeah. He said, you're welcome. He said, peace out you guys. So the moment that conscious did die, a great storm was said to have started and it raged on. All throughout his funeral, Henry Moore wrote No sooner Conscious was dead, but a great tempest arose, which raged most at his very funeral, there being such impetus storms of wind and snow that it made men's bodies quake their teeth, chatter in their heads.


But soon as he was in turd, all of a sudden it was calm. Damn. Isn't that beautiful? That is beautiful is said. Okay, Henry. Yes. Yeah. So there were actually a lot of moving pieces surrounding consciousness, burial, his friends and family all felt, you know, they had heard of his sins, but they said maybe he was just, you know, unconscious and talking crazy. Yeah. They said, I really think he's a great man and he deserves to be laid to rest in a hallowed place. So they all got together and pooled their money to make sure that he was buried to the right of the church's altar, which I guess in yield days was the best place to be. Primo spot. Okay. Primo Scott. Like rockstar parking. Yeah.


No. So Apparently very shortly after he was put to rest there, little splats of blood started showing up on the church's cloth, which was right above where his grave was. That's so metal. And listen to this, people around town started claiming that they were seeing conscious roam the streets. Uhoh. That would be, you know, well and fine. Like cool, be a ghost, be a specter. But conscious wasn't just a specter, he was a menace to the town in a straight up criminal, according to oc cult world.com, when Conscious started roaming the streets again, he was going wild. His specter, quote, strangled old men galloped around the house like a horse wrestled with people.


This is my personal favorite. Vomited fire, like we said, that is menacing. That's menacing. There's more though, like we said. Oh, conscious bought church's alter cloth with blood. This is horrible. Bashed the heads of dogs against the ground. Oh, straight to jail. Straight to jail. Turned milk into blood. Ew. Drank up supplies of milk, sucked cows dry. Ooh. Threw goats about devoured chickens and pulled up fence posts. Oh, just a few of the activities that he was up To. Right. He Threw goats about goats. Goats and also pulled up fence posts. Like he was like, blah.


Yeah. Your fence whilst vomiting. Fire. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Right. That was his own personal workout Apparently. Yeah, exactly. Calisthenics. Right, Right. So he was getting all of that, you know, some of that was like not so great. Most of it you were just like, okay, C, you're getting crazy. This is where it gets dark. He was also getting very frisky and inappropriate with the women in town. It's so like conscious. It's so conscious. Shortly after his death, he was said to have returned to his own home, which neighbors had seen physically shaking in the days leading up to this incident. And he supposedly just walked right into his wife's bedroom and demanded that she move over so he could get into bed with her.


Whoa. Now, obviously that would be horrifying enough, but to add insult to injury, this specter conscious had the most foul breath that this woman had ever smelled in her life. Oh, this poor woman, Poor dear, Poor, poor dear, loses her husband, and he comes back all stanky, wanting to get into bed and Lost her with halitosis. That's the last, exactly the worst, Horrible. Lost her husband, who sold their son to the devil. To the devil, yeah. And now has come back. She had some issues to work out in therapy, didn't she? Yeah. And then he's like, move over. I'd be like, no, she, no. She rode a horse to her therapist first thing in the morning and said, honey, sit down. So Now she wasn't the only woman whose bed that conscious was trying to get into.


Oh, Conscious. Yeah. Many women in town were reporting hi. Seeing his specter appearing to them, touching them without permission and stanking up the surrounding areas. He would stink. He was very smelly.


Did you Know That. Every year over 1 million Americans are diagnosed with diabetes. That's why GoodRx is here to help with 20 popular diabetes medications for less than $20. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or the app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger's, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you do have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. Whether you're refilling a diabetes medication or picking up any prescription, don't forget to check GoodRx. I was at the pharmacy the other day picking up a prescription, and I personally was using my GoodRx and my copay was so much cheaper. And there was a lady behind me and she was like, how'd you just get that for so cheap? And I said, honey, look into GoodRx. Would ya? For savings on diabetes medications and other everyday prescriptions, check GoodRx, go to goodrx.com/ Morbid, that's goodrx.com/ Morbid.


Now, this went on for months and months. People were seeing and unfortunately smelling conscious everywhere he appeared to old friends, old enemies. His specter was returning to his house and scaring the shit out of the servants. Yeah. People were also seeing flashes of lights at all hours of the night coming from the house. And people saw him on horseback a few times. You know, he goes for a ride every now and then, an evening stroll, you know? Yeah. So obviously something had to be done about this. Am I right? Yeah. Oh, you're so right. Get him outta here. But what were the townspeople to do? How do you stop a dead man? Eh, no. Well, they started by going to his grave and when they got there, they saw all these little holes in the ground.


So they set up, that must be it. You know, he's like oozing out of the earth, obviously. So they said, we'll fill these up and maybe that will put an end to things. It did not. Yeah. And the little holes just kept reappearing. So after going back to the drawing board, they decided something more had to be done here. They had to exhume his body and check it out. So they set out to do just that. And when his coffin was opened up, somehow after six months of being dead as a doornail C, his body was perfectly preserved. Oh, dun Dun. Done. It stunk. It did stink, definitely. But It had to stink though. Yeah. Can Confirm. Had to stink. Definitely. Yeah. It's even said that they handed him a staff and he was able to reach out and grab it.


So they were like, this rocked their worlds even more. They said, what are we to do here? So they went, they actually went to a judge and had asked him what they should do. And he said the best thing that they could possibly do was burn conscious body. So they said, okay, all right, let's do it. And he's a vampire. He's a vampire. That's, they said, you're working with a vampire here, you gotta burn him. Right? Yeah. So. Right. They tried to, they tried to light him ablaze, but his body wouldn't stay lit. Oh, Conscious said, no, Uhoh. It's like, what's awful? Birthday candles. Yes. That's trick candles. They got the idea from conscious you didn't know, You know?


Yeah. If you look on the back, it actually has this legend On the little package. Yeah. Right. He says it's just more condensed, that's all. Yeah. So they said, well, we gotta do something about this. So they ended up cutting him into smaller pieces and when they made the first cut, they said blood spilled from him. Like it was still flowing freely throughout his body. My Goodness. After six months of death, after Six months of death. But luckily they ended up being able to fully burn the body once it was cut into smaller pieces and nobody ever saw or smelled conscious again. Damn Well What a crazy tale. Right. That was quite a tale.


And then I, so I have to ask, so was, so was this an, are these true accounts? Are these, is this fictitious? What, where does this story come from? Polish folklore at least, right? Yes. It's Polish folklore, and it's based off of Henry Moore's version of events of this tale that he wrote. and it was basically something he was writing against atheism. Whoa. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, interesting, Interesting. Yeah, he was like, conscious it happens. He said, let me, there's actually, you can read and I'll link it in the show notes. You can read this tale in much greater detail. 'cause Henry Moore told us a lot about conscious. Ooh. Oh, really? Okay. So that you gave us the abridged version.


This is the abridged version. I didn't wanna keep you here. I know you have other roles to get to Duckie, You know? Sure. I wanna play conscious now. I'm sorry. I Was gonna say, your next role is right here. I'll send you the link to the, the detailed version and you find somebody to make that movie. Okay. It's a deal. Oh, I was gonna say, I'm surprised it hasn't been made yet. I know I say this comes from 1500 something. Yeah, yeah. Just start practicing throwing goats about and vomiting fire. Right? Yeah. And, and taking fences up by the pegs. Just throwing fences up. Just Skip the other crappy stuff like, you know, the dog beating and, and the Woman. No, I don't wanna, oh, I'm Not intimidating. Right. You know, milking cows and turning them to blood or around, Yeah. Yeah. Maybe skip that part.


But, you know, throwing goats about is fine as long as you're not hurting them. You're, they can land on their hoos. Okay. Yeah. Just holding their hooves And running around with them. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. That's the tale of conscious Man. I Like that. Wow. I thank you for that. That was, that was a story I'd never heard before. I'm so glad to tell Jo Doug Jones a story. He is never heard. Yeah. A great al About a vampire. About a vampire. Well, we would end on conscious, which would seem appropriate, but we do have one little thing that we would love to end on. We love to do a little short game with guests a lot because this, these tend to be fun to hear answers for. Yeah. So we would like to know who out of these three characters that I'm gonna list would be most likely to do these certain things I'm gonna ask.


Okay. So who, out of Billy Butchers son, Baras and Nosferatu would have compete? Which one would have won the Hunger Games? Okay. Okay. Oh, not Billy. I don't think he has any powers to last very long. No. And the mouth are shut would be, I know, not Great, but between Barron, Aness and Nora, I'm gonna say it's probably gonna be the Baron. The Baron will have lasted longer for games. I too, because he tends to show like supernatural powers more often. Right. Where he flies. He, he, he zaps things with his hands. He he could, he could take, he could take 'em. Yeah. He could take 'em all. Yeah, I think so. I think so too.


And he is charming. Yes. He could do the, the alliance thing really well. And He's good at gaslighting. Yeah, yeah, totally. I agree. That's the perfect answer. Yeah. So the next one is out of those three characters who would take over the world successfully, if given the chance, Oh, poor Billy. I'm gonna have to leave him outta this one again. I know. Poor Billy. Bless his heart. He Might win the next one. Yeah. Yeah. He probably will win the next one. Okay. Okay. So why don't we, I'm gonna say probably let's go with Nosferatu on this one. Mm. Because I think that count or lock his subtleties and his sneaking around the back door kind of personality might be what gets him to take over things with the no one knowing about it.


Yeah. Whereas the Baron is very out there and very presentational and Yeah. Right. Yeah. He, he does it with a flourish, and so you see it coming and he would be stopped before, but the count would be more shifty about it. Yeah. I agree. Good point. Good point. I agree with that. I love the thought put into this. Yes. That was a good one. And the last one, I'm thinking about it, and it might not be Billy, but possibly. Okay. Okay. Who would have the biggest TikTok following of that three? Well, no, honestly, it is indeed Billy. Absolutely Billy. I was gonna say, I felt like he was gonna win, but I was, I didn't know if the Baron could edge him out. Oh, well, the Baron would love to be the most famous of all of them because he's very, such a narcissist. But I think Billy would win because a, a scene that you did not, that you never saw, or a moment you never saw from Hocus pocus, one that we did film but was cut from the film was do, do you remember the, the costume dance party?


Yes. Where B Bette Miller gets the, the witches got up on stage and saying, of course I put a spell on you. Iconic. Yes. Iconic moment. Right. Well, bill, my character Billy Butson was in that scene, and I, I broke into the, and I fit into the costume party. Nobody really noticed me because everybody was done up as something. And so, oh look, the fun zombie. Right, Right. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm roaming about the crowd, looking for the kids and trying to, you know, do my deed. And once Bette Miller sings, you know, I put a spell on you, and then the whole crowd gets, gets in a trance and starts dance, dance dancing until the spell is broken. I, I'm not under the spell, but I thought it was, it was kind of fun for me.


So there was a scene where you come, the action continues outside the dance party, but they, they come back to the dance party to show everybody's still dancing a couple of times. Oh, I love that. One of those, one of those coming back to the parties was going to be Billy hopping up onto stage and dancing wi once he had an audience, I can be like, Hey, come here. And I tell you something, I threw my legs about in such Tom foolery. I, I, I bounced up and down on the floor. I did this. That's so Sad. We didn't to see this. Oh my God. Yes. So, so it was, it was, I I that was a raging TikTok video before TikTok existed. Okay. You Are correct. So I think Billy would have the dance videos that could end all, all dance videos if, if he had a TikTok.


Wow. I think that footage needs to be released and somebody needs to make Billy butchers in a TikTok. Yes. Yeah. Come on. Oh, I love knowing that. Thank you for that. That was of course, such a Good one. Don't talk about that very often. So you, you got, you might have gotten an exclusive there. I love that. Oh, w jokes forever. Yeah. We always have so much fun with you. We do. Oh, me too. You. So thank you so much for coming on today. We love sitting with you. You are always welcome. You are one of our most favorite, most treasured guests, truly. And plug, plug, plug, whatever you have now upcoming, feel free to shout it from the rooftops here. Well, let's, let's, let's go down the list. Let go. We talked about, of course we have, we have Nosferatu A Symphony of Horror coming to Apple TV Friday the 18th of October.


And on Amazon Prime as well. Hmm. I'm also told it's on Fandango and Roku. And so look for it on whatever your device is. Also, October 21st starts the new season, the final season of what we do in the Shadows. Barina does return for a few episodes. You'll see me on the first night. I think they, they think they told me they're gonna show three episodes on the first night. So you're gonna have a lot of shadows to, to start the season up. Nice. Also, Billy Butchers, as we've talked about, is in Hocus Pocus one and two all month long on the freeform channel playing as a double feature on various nights and days. And other than that, I have, I have more movies coming.


I've been doing a lot of indies and shorts over the last year and a half playing a lot of humans. I'm doing Ooh, exciting. And yeah, I'm loving this phase. And one of them is, is a funny movie called Operation Taco. Garys Obs obsessed already, it's Zany comedy. Right. Two brothers are on a road trip across the country, and when they get to their destination, this cons, they find themselves in the middle of a conspiracy with an earth takeover by aliens. Amazing. And I might happen to be the alien trying to pass as a human who's the leader of all this. Yes. I'm amazing. I'm in that, That, yeah. So Operation Taco Gary's is gonna be playing at the Austin Film Festival October 25th. Awesome. You have an exciting October, Doug. I Know.


So it's, it's quite an, it's quite a month. It's quite a month. It's, yeah. And, and then next week I'm actually going to, to North Carolina to film an episode of Blue Ridge, which is a, this is a, a turning of the page for me. I'm gonna play a guy who lives in the mountains. Ooh. And, and what happens with me is yet to be yet to be discovered. Mm. But that, that's a show that's, that's led by Jonathan Che, if you remember him from, he was the head lead singer of The Wonders in that Thing You do. Okay. And he was also, he was also the Young Hottie in a movie with Winona writer called American Quilt Back, that kind God, that his breakout back in the day. I remember that movie. Yep. He, he also played Houdini in a TV movie of Houdini, which, and he was brilliant as, as that character.


And he also played Jonah Hex in in DC's. Oh gosh. Which, which DC show was that? Oh God. I'm so, I'm so bad at these. Yeah, I know. I know. Right, right. So anyway, so I, all my scenes are with him and I can't wait to to play that out. That's this coming week. I'm gonna be filming that. So that'll come out on Inspiration Channel and The Cowboy Way, I think when it's, when, when their season two finally airs. Oh, that sounds Awesome, Man. You are busy. Yeah. So good. We're we're doing it. We're doing it this way this month. All good Stuff. Getting after it. I love it. Yeah. Seriously. Well, Doug, well thank you again. Yeah. Thank you so much. And again, you are welcome. Anytime. Oh, bless you all. Thank you so much for having me. I adore you too. Don't ever change.


Okay. We Adore you. You either. Okay. Okay. Loving you so much. Thank you. Oh, You, we love you so much. Thank you so much. Bye Doug. Well guys, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it. We, Unfortunately, you'll never be able to keep it as cool as Doug Jones, but never, I meant to say, keep it as weird. You'll never be as cool as, and you'll never keep it as weird as Doug Jones love you.


So please tell The children that Billy Billon loves 'em very much. Would you do that for me? Amazing. I was just gonna ask you to do that. Alright, Thank Of course. Of course. Thank you So much. I appreciate it.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola GABA was born into legal royalty, her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal Justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She Was addicted to the game she had created, she just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants Lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus Join, Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify. And listen to more Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now.