
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey everyone, let's talk about protein for a second. There's this rumor that getting plant-based protein is tough, but listen, there are some amazing options out there, even if you're not vegan. Adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body and support the planet. My go-to for Tasty Protein and super food packed shake is Cava. Every serving of Cava offers 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein. But that's not all this. All in one shake has fiber, quality, fats, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and so much more. I love that I can tick so many boxes with just one delicious shake. If, you know me. You know that vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors. And I like to combine them, but they also have chocolate. They've got matcha and they've got coconut acai. I'm a big fan of the coconut acai as well After drinking Ka Chava first thing in the morning because that's when I always drink it. I feel satiated for hours. I feel focused, calm and ready to take on my day. Something that I really love to do, if I even want like a little bit more protein, is just add a scoop of peanut butter to the Vanilla chai concoction that I make and that, oh is just scrum diddly ump anxious honey Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled Ka A-C-H-A-V-A and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A v.com/ Morbid.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features in languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See at&t dot com slash iPhone for details.


Hello weirdos. I'm Salad Fingers And I'm the really terrifying and traumatizing burglar from Sims one. I don't know you, but this is a rusty spoon. It's actually Morbid. Oh, I am terrified. Anyway, it's brought to you BY.


you actually, no, it's brought to you by Marjorie Stewart Baxter and Jeremy Fisher. And Hubert Cumber. Oh no. It's actually brought to you just by Hubert Cumber and Oh, oh, it's actually brought to you by Jeremy Stewart. So Jeremy Fish. I got confused because you stole all my things. It's what I do. I don't know guys. It got fucking weird in here.


Something's vibrating. It. is it mom? It's my mom. Mom. We're in the middle of Listener Tales. Guys, you thought last time was weird. This time is even weirder 'cause of this. Well, should we get onto the Listener Tales? We should. Yeah. Guys, so Listener Tales is weird now. Super weird. So Listener Tales is weird though. Listen to tales is literally so weird. It's fun though. It's so fun because it's after Halloween. Yeah. And we still get to do fun stuff. It's still Halloween. Yeah, it's still Halloween in our hearts forever. I love this so much. I'm having a lot of fun. This is fun.


Yeah, I'm, this is fun. Kind of nervous about getting this green paint off my face because I'm obviously nervous. For you. Yeah. What happened was I got like a green powder makeup by accident. And. it worked like with water. I like mixed it. And I was able to put it on my face, but then it wouldn't work on the bald cap. 'cause I didn't go actually bald for this Look. I just, you know, put a bald cap on. She didn't commit, you know. Listen, I think I committed You did, but did you say you didn't? I said You did. Oh. I was like, wow. I feel like, damn bitch. Like I feel like I did, but yeah, so I'm, there's acrylic paint on top of my head is what I, what I was gonna say and a little bit on her face. So, and neck. We will see how this is going. Yeah, we'll Post photos.


If You aftermath. Yeah. You know, we'll see if there's any kind of irritation happening. Yeah, I'm excited to see. There's definitely irritation happening right here. Yeah. Where? Where Jeremy Fisher is. Yeah, Jeremy Fisher. Jeremy Fisher. And honestly my, my thing was so easy to make, but I got this plumb, Bob FROM, you know this plumb from Bob the builder on Etsy. I love that. So go check him out. He does cool stuff. Yeah, he was very, he was easy to, he told me how to work it and stuff. So like Bob forever. Bob the builder. I'm gonna be starting. Yeah. This Listener Tales experience here. Let's go brother. Let's go. So this one, I should probably go back and tell you what it's actually called.


Yeah, that's kind of the whole thing. It's a little hard. Okay. This one's called listener tail. It's more of a yank than a yeee listener tail. This one is very funny. And. I like that a lot. Let's see. I'm gonna open it up. Oh yeah. Also we went with like a home invasions kind of theme and like kidnapping, kind of what I do sort of. 'cause it's like your thing. I I know you're not a kidnapper, but no, you're kind of a kidnapper. You put kids in ovens. I know. You're right. So I just didn't wanna talk about it here and now. Sorry. I never got caught. I never got caught. Alright, so it says, picture it, the summer of 1977 in a suburb of Chicago called Cicero. Cicero. Cicero famous for being the home of the gangster Al Capone.


That's pretty badass. That is really badass. Scary but badass. Yeah. This also has a picture of Sophia from the Golden Girls on the phone. Of course, like picture it, the summer of 1977, the heat and humidity of the day simmering off the asphalt in a small there It is, there you go. In a small brick bungalow style home. My mother sauntered about in the stagnant heat of the kitchen, her youngest sat upon her hip mo. The child's so angelic and small was only months old. Her strawberry red hair plastered to her absolutely adorable and whittle head poetic license will be used and most likely abused. In the basement of this bungalow was the rest of the schmucks and staff, or I mean my siblings, my sister Coco nine at the time.


My brother Benny 10, Joe eight, Rodrigo seven, and Bobby five. They played about in the coolest spot in the house without a care in the world, wreaking havoc amongst each other because kids, am I right? You're right. You are right. Oh, and also because boys, they do be rambunctious. Any SEL as they played about in the basement, and unbeknownst to my mother, a man creeped in behind. This is horrifying. Yeah. A man creeped in between the narrow walkway behind between our home and the neighbors. He stopped at the small window, a window barely any bigger than a doggy door that sat at ground level peering into the basement. He beat on the window until breaking the glass, not the glass.


Like there's children in there, I. Think that's kind of his objective. I hate that. I know I hate him for that. I do too. Near that window with little Bobby, not little Bobby, little Bobby, Bobby standing there with his little root beer belly, chubby cheeks, his dark hair growing darker with sweat. The man reached in and yanked him out of the basement, yo and into the oven. Byebye little Bobby. Bye-Bye. I didn't say that either. Coco, Benny, Joe and Rodrigo ran upstairs to the kitchen. They reached my mom started pulling on her shirt. Mom. Mom. They started yelling. He grabbed Bobby, he grabbed Bobby. He pulled him out the window. Here's the thing. I would've died if I was that mother.


Yeah. On impact. Your kids run up to you and say he grabbed Bobby. Yeah, he grabbed Bobby. He pulled him out the window. Dead. How do you react to that? She throws the baby and holy goes, holy shit goes to get the bomb. Holy shit. My mother obviously in shock handed the golden child, the beautiful little baby, so sweet and innocent to her sister Coco, and went down to the basement to see the destruction for herself. Not quite believing what she heard as the kids said, the window was broken with only small shards, still small shards, shard only small shards, still only small ards. What is it? ards shards. It's shards. It's shards correctly? Yeah. Okay. It's like shards, small shards.


I don't know why that sounded so wrong in my head. Still sticking inside the frame. The police were called and alerted to the situation. I'm horrified for your entire family's. Very scary. As everyone went outside to wait for the police. My brothers pointed to the elderly neighbor sitting in the backyard rocking away on his glider while drinking Mommy. He is the man who took Bobby? No, just went across the street. No, next to the elderly. Neighbor was a little dark-haired boy with his own drink. It's Bobby, what the fuck is going on here? Hello? What is going on? If? you guessed that it was my brother sitting with the neighbor. You would be correct.


Yes. The elderly neighbor was lonely and just wanted to share a beer and a chat with someone. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. No, he wasn't all there. No. Yeah, no. His family was located and called to help his son arrived and was very apologetic. Eventually our neighbor was placed in a nursing home to get the 24 7 care he needed and all was well. Again. That is so sad. I know. And so horrifying. It's so sad on so many levels because childhood trauma immediately for Bobby and then like obviously that neighbor like didn't mean harm wasn't all there, didn't mean any harm, but like holy shit. Yeah. Even though there was still glass left in the frame, little Bobby was not injured at all.


And my best Keith Morrison impression, I don't see Bobby drinking much beer. Could it be because of this incident? Could it be because he prefers the harder stuff? We'll never know. We'll never know. To this day, are my siblings still refuse to answer the question of did he really reach down and grab him or did you all just lift him up as an offer? I love that. I love it. So I love that. It's so good. That's a good one. I like that one. And can I say your name? Let me, you may use my name. April. April. Thank you for that. April. I didn't wanna call you out if I couldn't. April. We love you April. That was a good one and horrifying. Horrifying. But like had a happy ending. It did it And. it was funny. Yeah, exactly.


So I like that one. Alright, my next one is, I think I can say your name. Yeah, I can. Okay, so this is the time I almost had a play date with a kidnapper. I hate this. Yeah. Hello. Wonderful. Ladies, I wanna start off the story by saying the usual, you are amazing and thank you so much for doing what you do. I found your podcast while listening to my girls over at National Park after dark woo woo. Love them. And. I. We love them so much. And. I've been hooked ever since. My name is Devin and yes, you can use my name. Hey, Devin. Hey Devin. What's up Devin, how are you? Devin Devvin. This story takes place in the good old early nineties. Hell yeah. When kids like me often ran around unsupervised outside And.


I was usually barefoot. My family didn't have a lot of money. I lived in a small rented house on the O outskirts of Anna talk. I think It is, I like it. An Antioch ca somewhere in California. I just said California, I have to go. We're struggling. We really are. It's kind of late. All right. You lived in California then? Small city about 30 miles outside of San Francisco in the East Bay. Hmm.


For a gift that's always on time and lasts a lifetime, you can't do better than Masterclass. Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you can learn and grow with over 200 plus of the world's best. That's why Wirecutter calls it an invaluable gif. I use this and honestly you should too. I've been taking a class about the power of storytelling with LaVar Burton. Honestly, it's been such an amazing thing to hear from some of the absolute best about what their process is and to get inspired by honestly straight up icons. It gets the creative juices flowing. It really does. I highly recommend it for something that you feel passionate about or something that you just wanna learn more about. Plus, there's no risk. Every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Give your loved ones a year of learning with Masterclass. Masterclass always has great offers during the holidays, sometimes up to as much as 50% off. Head over to masterclass.com/ Morbid for their current offer. That's up to 50% off at masterclass.com/ Morbid masterclass.com/ Morbid.


What if death is only the beginning? In 1950s, England, a Milkman's daughter's lives are tragically cut short. When his wife later becomes pregnant, he makes a claim that is frankly eerie. He says that his newborn twins are his dead daughters. Reincarnated. Andy says he has proof. A true story hosted by writer, director, and Emmy nominated actor Will Sharp. This is Extrasensory, an Apple original podcast produced by Blanchard House Apple TV plus subscribers get special early access to the entire season. Follow and listen on Apple podcasts.


It was seemingly a normal summer afternoon and being the oldest child with an infant sibling to entertain me, I was playing out front of my house alone. My family, sorry. I need to zoom in because I'm literally blind. It's who I am. Use your Salad Fingers. It's very hard. La la, la la. It was a seemingly normal summer afternoon and being the oldest child with only an infant sibling to entertain me, I was playing out front of my house alone. My family home had a giant white birch tree in the front yard surrounded by grass and a small garden. Oh, that sounds lovely. That's gorgeous. Gorgeous. The yard was enclosed in a giant cast iron gate. Thank God more on that soon.


Uhoh. It had ivy stretching up around it. And. it smelled a fresh herbs in the summer evenings. That's gorgeous and beautiful and lovely. I love it. Setting a scene, step in it says my mother was just in or sorry, it, why can't I do this? You know? I don't know. Sometimes it's hard. Yeah, you became a different thing today, so I did. That's a lot. Yeah. This isn't Salad Fingers. It's a lot. First, this is Salad. Fingers first rodeo. It is So give a, give a minute. Yeah. I give minute. Give a minute. This says, my mother was just inside caring for my sister. When this story occurred, I was sitting in the grass playing with one of those cheap balls you see at the grocery store and those giant bins that you either Oh hell yeah. Wanted to climb into as a kid or throw balls over the top of, you know what I'm talking about?


Absolutely, I do. I still love those. I always just picture somebody taking a ball from like the inside or the inside, like bottom. Yeah, and then everything just like plummeting, doubling downing. Yeah. I love it. It was common for people to walk by my house. There was a small cafe up the road on the corner, and many people from our neighborhood frequented it. My house also backed up to two separate cemeteries. And I spent a lot of time getting to know each person buried in them, but that's a story for another time. Devin, that's a story for right now. Devin. Yeah. Devin. That's always a story for right now. Come on. I love that story. I love that. I wasn't in the front yard long when I noticed a strange woman accompanied by a blonde girl, a bit older than myself, walked by with a small child of a scroller.


I was immediately intrigued. Another child in the neighborhood. I didn't know them, but I was desperate to have somebody else to play with. The woman sees my interest and stops in front of the gate to my house. This startles me as I was taught stranger danger like everybody else. However, the woman seemed okay and she had kids with her. How bad could she be? I was taught that if I was ever lost to find a policeman or another mom with kids. So this mom couldn't be bad. I wandered over to the gate. Oh no. The woman asked me my name and asked if I lived there. I said yes and looked to the other kids. The older girl did not look at me one time. This immediately threw up alarm bells in my head, even as a kid. So much so that I remember this encounter to this day.


Something. Oh, I'm so nervous. Yeah. Something was wrong, and even my small child brain knew it. The woman then asked if I wanted to go play with my ball with her daughters. No. She reached through the fence and touched my arm. A full grip on my wrist. No, it was then that I knew something was wrong. For real. The panic set in my brain yelled at me to step back, but I was frozen there. Parents always tell you about stranger danger, but how often as a kid do you actually experience it? I don't like this at all. She's upset the plumb. Bob I don't like this at all. She said, no, no, no. I'm mad. Maybe sensing my concern. The woman asked if I wanted to set up a play date and asked if my parents were around.


She quickly looked over to me and around toward the house. It was then thankfully that my mom rushed outside and yelled at me to get away from the fence. Yeah, get the fuck away from her. Yeah. Get away from that cuckoo lady. I backed away releasing myself from the woman's grip and ran to my mom without even another word. The woman and the girls quickly walked down the street pushing the stroller out of sight. And I. Don't remember ever seeing them again, but the story's not over. I was gonna say, did I? If I was that mom, I think I would've like linebacker style tackled that woman to the ground. Yeah. Honestly, like what are your intentions? What are you doing here? Let's just say I got a very stern lecture from my mom about not talking to strangers that day and never played out front of that house unsupervised ever again.


No. Flash to 2009. Now I'm in high school. And I, live across town from where I grew up. I see that on the news. A little girl kidnapped in 1991 was held captive, but found on the outskirts of California, the outskirts of that town. I can't say. Yes. That's right, ladies. I grew up and lived around the fucking corner from JC Dugard. Shut the fuck up while she was held captive for 18 years. Oh, isn't that fucking bonkers? I didn't see that coming. No. You did not read these ahead of time. I did not see these coming. Yeah. What the, yeah. Fuck. Yep.


The woman I met that day, Nancy Garrido. I think It is what the fuck? The kids I met JC and her first born daughter, not her sister. I have, I'm without words. Without words. I'm without words. Can you imagine? No, and to know one, to know that you like happened to have an experience where you like met her and then two, to realize that Nancy was trying to kidnap your ass too, to add to the whole thing. Yeah. And oh my God, and your mom is probably like, holy shit. That was just jc what? Yes. And your mom's like, thank God I was paying attention. Yeah. Like mama ran out there and was like, get the fuck off my property. Holy shit.


Yeah. I felt absolutely sick to my stomach, to my fucking stomach watching the news. That's this poor girl was trapped in hell my entire childhood. Only a few thousand feet from where I played and slept and lived every single day. Wow. My mom And. I immediately looked up the address of where JC was found and saw that she was hidden only eight houses away from us on the corner. The grief I felt that day was insurmountable. Knowing I saw her And. I met her and her kidnapper as a child and never even knew it. I can only guess now what might have happened to me if I had gone with that woman that day. Who I'm so glad you didn't.


Thank goodness. Devin. Thanks for listening to My Tale. And maybe later I'll write in about some other tales I have. Like when I was subpoenaed to testify in front of a court as a witness for when I stopped a home invasion and accidentally broke up a crime ring in my neighborhood. Keep it weird, Devin. Much love Devin. Devin, come on. You gotta, I wanna hear those. You gotta send us thoses. We got some stars. Devin, you're happy again. My goodness. I'm happy to hear it. Yeah. Holy shit. Devin. Crazy. That was cra. I did not see that coming. That like shocked me when I was reading it. I was like, wait, wait, what? What? Oh, wow. Oh, sorry. That just like ringed off whatever. Damn. Damn. That's crazy, right? Wow. All right. That's nuts.


No, no. Jeremy's mind though. I can't believe you just did that to me. If. you steal Jeremy. You can't steal my Salad Fingers. Jeremy's mind though. I gotta tuck them back in so they look more realistic. If, you had a rusty spoon. I'd steal that. I know. I actually feel so fucking remiss. I was gonna make a rusty spoon and then I just completely forgot. That's okay. And it's not something you can just whip up in a minute. You know what the Rusty spoon is? The friends we made along the way. I like that. Okay. Put that on my tombstone and never explain it to anyone. Don't. No context whatsoever. All right, so the next listener tale is Listener Tales home invasions. Hello.


Firstly to Ashe's Cats. Secondly to you, gorgeous, gorgeous gals. I'll tell them you said hi. My name is Molly, free Slim Molly. Feel free to use all my names. All the names in the in the thing. You guys remind me of the lovely relationship between me and my sister And. it even inspired us to begin percolating the idea of starting our own podcast. Do it. Do it. We both love spooky shit and have some truly hilarious banter. At least we think so. We think we do too. That's the whole reason we started this. That means that you're right. Yeah, you're funny. I'm not good at expressing my feelings according to my therapist. Neither is Elena, but but want you to know that I think you are both badass, hilarious, intelligent human beings.


Thank you. So are you. I hope to one day baby is spooky and cool of a mom as you Elena. That's really sweet. I hope that too. That's really sweet. We share that Molly and get all the same scissor, wielding ghosts to fuck right off and leave my babies alone I. Also hope to bring more of an tude into my life and be unapologetically myself while being rocked to the people around me. Aw, I love you so much, Molly. You said I love how supportive you've been of Alina's book, which I cannot wait to read, and you and Drew are the absolute cutest. Thank you. That's so true. Her book is pretty All right. Oh my God. And she's pretty. All right. Tiny url.com/the Butcher and Red. Except don't use that because it's not active anymore. Go to burn blecher.com. Oh bitch, you have a whole website. There you go. Anyway, attach our two double spaced podifah for your reading.


Pleasure. I won't bo bother apologizing for length because I already know what you're gonna say. If, you read one or both of these on the pod tm. I will never stop bra bragging about ev blah, blah, blah. I'll never stop. I broke. I'll never stop bragging to everyone I know much love, Molly. Today we'll read the Home Invasion Tale and then guess what, Molly? You're gonna be on Back to Back. Listener. Tales. It's true. You're coming back. We'll read New Orleans next. Next month. Hell yeah. I've been doing admin, so this one's called Fuck Kevin, and not In the Fun Way. I like that. I like that a lot. 2020 was a shit year for a lot of reasons. One of those reasons, say that again, is that it's the year that my apartment was broken into and robbed.


Yes. Kevin is his real name and I'm comfortable using it because he was indeed caught, arrested and convicted Kevin. By then my then boyfriend, now husband. And I. Congratulations. And I. Were out of town visiting my family and we left our precious cat children, Ari and B. Oh, I like that. Yeah. Ari and Banks back at our apartment in In Ellington. Vermont. Virginia. Virginia. Virginia. Sorry. I said Vermont.


The right brow from ThirdLove can make any outfit look better fast. Their brows make it easy to bring back lift to get a smooth look or stop your shirt buttons from pulling. They don't just solve your bra problems, AKA problems. They look and feel amazing and come in over 60 sizes. They even invented half cup sizes for a perfect fit. I just got the 24 7 wireless bra And. I, absolutely love it. So comfortable, super supportive and gives me the lift that I need. Take advantage of their Black Friday sale with up to 50% offsite wide and daily deals like wireless brass starting at just $15. It's too good to miss. So visit thirdlove.com now and get your problems solved.


Life doesn't happen biweekly, so why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with earnin. Earnin is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to a hundred dollars per day or up to $750 per pay period. Just download the earnin app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. I feel like this is so perfect because you know when you're low on cash, that's when these unexpected things pop up. Maybe an unexpected trip to the vet, God forbid, maybe just like upcoming rent and you just forgot about it. And those moments when money isn't moving as fast as your dreams are earn and provides the financial momentum you need to keep moving forward. Download earnin today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earnin app. Type in Morbid under podcast. When you sign up, it'll really help the show. Morbid under podcast. Subject to your available earnings location, daily max and pay period max seen earnin.com/ TO os for details. earnin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Bank. Products are issued by Evolve Bank and Trust member FDIC.


Spoiler alert, no cats were harmed in the making of this listener tale. Thank you. Whew. We hired a cat sitter to come visit slash feed them once a day. We were supposed to come back home on a Friday, but made a fateful last minute decision to stay an extra day and come home on Saturday instead. At the time I regretted this decision, but now I am grateful for what we did as it was the last time I saw my mom before she passed away unexpectedly from an undiagnosed heart condition. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Molly. That sucks. I know. We returned home on Saturday night. My boyfriend commented that he thought the door was already unlocked when he stuck the key in. That's the scariest thing I've heard. I'd say, well, you go check the apartment. And. I have to go somewhere. It's been real. Bye. We brush this off because the lock was kind of janky and he was probably mistaken.


We drop our suitcases, And I, give my kitty some reunion. Snuggles. My boyfriend comes rushing outta the bedroom and asks me if I'd moved a small box out of his desk drawer. I had not, and this is where the red flags started going up. We searched the apartment some more and noticed that a passport, checkbook and other items were missing as well. That's really scary to think that somebody has your passport. Like that's horrifying. The small box that my boyfriend was panicking over contained the diamond for my future engagement ring. I know. Oh, he had not given it to me yet, and this is how I learned that he was going to propose. Oh, imagine learning like that. That's so sad. I know. I plugged our cheap security camera into my laptop and started reviewing the footage video only.


There was no audio. My heart dropped when I got to the footage from Friday night slash Saturday morning around 2:00 AM I can see Ari and banks excitedly trotting up to the door as it began to open thinking that mom and dad were finally home. No, I see their ears go back and their tails drop as they realize it's not us and they turn around and sprint to find a hiding place. I see two unfamiliar dickhead men. Sorry, I added that. Just men come through the door. Unfortunately I can't see their faces because the camera was pointed to the floor. It was positioned that way because we bought it to keep an eye on the cats. Never expecting that it would capture a robbery. I break out into tears and call my mom while my boyfriend calls the police.


Two young women police officers show up shortly after and I'm grateful to them to this day for how comforting and kind they were as they took our statements and dusted for fingerprints. Side note, they used a black powder to dust for fingerprints and Binks was very interested in what they were doing. I love that he stepped in a pile of powder and left little black footprints all over the place. It was adorable. And to this day, he is known as Detective Banks. DT Banks on the case is on the case over the next few days. We barely slept. I honestly I don't know how you would. That must be like the most like violating feelings. Absolutely. Do you think somebody, two unknown men were in your house? Yeah.


And have all your information. Yes. Like I I feel. That's awful. Yeah. We barely slept. Pushed furniture against the door at night and patiently waited for the few and far between updates from police. My boyfriend coped in his way. Denial, dealing with the logistics of insurance, et cetera. I coped in my own way going full detective mode. The sight of the fear hitting my poor babies as they ran for cover was was burned into my mind. Honestly. That would fuck me up too. Yeah. If someone upset my, my animals. Yep. I'd be so pissed. Oh, you could fight me with these solid fingers. Fight me. You can mess with me. You can steal our shit, but you cannot fuck with my cats. Exactly. I reviewed the footage over and over looking at every tiny detail.


I noticed that the intruders picked up the note of instructions I had left with the cat sitter reading it to each other and laughing. Fuck you. It's also like, why is that funny? Why? Why would that be funny and like on Hmm? Like what? Like what a dick. I reported this to the police and they came and collected the paper for evidence. I also noted that my noticed that my boyfriend had been right about the door being unlocked. I can clearly see the cats that are leaving on Friday, shutting the door and not locking the deadbolts fired. She was suspected to be involved at first, but eventually determined to be simply incompetent and cleared by police. Sometimes that's even worse. Yeah. That really is innocent but incompetent. Oof. Oof. I obsessed over and messed with the footage enough to discover that there was in fact audio Bitch.


You are everything. You're a detective, detective banks and you. It was static. Hell yeah. It was staticky and hard to hear. And. I listened over and over again with headphones to try to make out any clues. Finally, I saw one of the men walk over to the camera and can make out the following. Hey Kevin, there's a camera here. Idiots. Not only did they drop names directly in front of the camera, but they also left it there. Instead of taking it, it's like, why would you do that? I mean? I'm glad they did, but like why would you gotta be a special kind of dumb? You sure do. The footage was on a micro SD card, so if they'd taken the camera, we would've had nothing to go off of. They unplugged the camera at that time, so we're not sure how long they were there or what else they did. Chilling. Very chilling.


My hope is that they realized they fucked up and noted out of there. Immediately. I forwarded the audio to the detective assigned to our case, and this is what finally allowed them to catch him. Turns out the cops had been following Kevin for several months, connect connected to multiple other robberies of homes, schools, businesses, et cetera. They knew he was guilty, but until now they didn't have the hard evidence to convict him. Hell yeah. A warrant was put out and Kevin was arrested for multiple felony robberies. Soon after they searched his phone and found a conversation between him and some other shady character trying to pawn my diamonds. Can you imagine? It was never found. We expect that he ditched it along with the other stolen items once he realized the police were onto him. Fuck that guy.


Fortunately, my boyfriend is a genius and bought insurance for the diamonds, so we got a replacement for free. Ooh. Ooh. You seriously? We were both You married, right? Yeah. We were both called the testifying court. And despite being totally hyped about getting on the stand, they did not question me. Only my boyfriend. Stupid. Total bummer. He doesn't even like true crime. Those also no citywide parade or official commendations for me to single handedly solving the case, which I feel I deserved. You. did I also feel you deserved that? Should we have one? Retroactively? I think we should. Let's do it anyway. Kevin is in jail now, and though my sense of security in my home is forever damaged, we're doing okay. We moved into a new house packed back in my Pennsylvania hometown to be closer to my family.


After my mom passed, I spent too far too much money on a home security system. Love you, SimpliSafe. SimpliSafe. But it's worth it for the peace of mind.


We are now married and the cats are currently looking at B at burbs outside the window and enjoying the cool fall weather. Whether you read this or not, it was a cathartic to write it all down. I'm glad. Yay, thank you for giving me and many others a safe space to share. Share our stories. Molly. Molly, we love you. You always have a safe space here, my friends. Oh, you're safe forever here. All of you And. I'm so sorry that your sense of like security and safety in your own home was rocked from that. 'cause I understand why it was a hundred percent the same thing would've happened to me. Yeah, that would've freaked me the fuck out. Damn, Molly, I know you went through it, girl shit. But I'm so glad that your man's got insurance on the ring. Yes. Jesus. That was smart. He's a smart guy. Smart guy. He's a smart, smart guy.


Remember that, Mar. We're in the right era. I love it. We're staying in the right era. In the right era. Oh, my nose is achy. Era. Era. That was funny. Sorry, my nose got achy at a really inopportune time. Era. Era. There you go. There you go. All right. My next one is from Eli. Eli. Eli. Hello. You wonderful ladies. My name is Eli. You can use my name. I've been listening since day one and have introduced all my, or excuse me, many family and friends to you. Lovely. So not all of them. Not all of them. Not all of 'em. All right. Just kidding. Well forgive you. It's okay. I'm so proud of all you two have accomplished in these last years. Thank you. Thanks. Al has brought me so many laughs, so many tears, and even tears from laughing.


I look forward to hearing new episodes every week. You are my podcast Drug of Choice. Aw, I love you. Eila I. Know we love you. I am also a Massachusetts gal. More details to come. Hell yeah. I'm not the greatest at writing, so please bear with me. You're actually really good at writing and really funny. I love that I was crying when I read this of laughter without of laughter of laughter without any more gushing. Here's my tale of the time. A demonic man parkour his way into my apartment. I'm obsessed with this already. Yeah. Back in my early twenties, I left home because I wanted to change. I met a guy when I went on a trip to Canada and we hit it off. I decided not to go back home. Much to the shock of my family, job and friends. Fuck you only live once, right?


Yolo. Here I am in Montreal on my own. For the first time ever, we got a a place in a big apartment condo. You know the type multiple floors, multiple apartments on each floor. Your typical Seinfeld situation where you have to be buzzed into the building and all that jazz. My apartment was on the first level, but there was an entire garden level below. Those are air quotes. I liked that. Air quotes with the Salad Fingers, you're welcome. Every apartment on the first level, all the way up to the top level, which was I think eight, had these mini balconies off the living room. On this day, after staying up way too late, playing video games, I decided to call it a night around 1:00 AM. Ah, the before children days.


I head to my bedroom and get ready for bed. Not more than a few seconds after I lay down, I hear this loud yelling coming from the alleyway between my building and the ones next to mine. Picture this alleyway like a sideways T shape. Looking out my window. There were two buildings and an alley between them leading directly to my unit. The yelling was so disturbing. It was no spoken language I had ever heard of. It was seriously demonic. The voice was deep raspy, but it had this sharp edge to it. The type that would make you wanna cover your ears. The words made absolutely no sense at all. Now be being the nosy ass bitch. I am I. Immediately jump out of bed and go peep out the curtains to see what the actual fuck is going on.


Hell yeah, I would've done the same thing. Oh, I'm, if I hear a commotion out the curtains, I peek, oh yeah, I'm gonna go vacuum the grass. Literally like I. Gotta know what's going on. I love those TikTok videos when people will start doing that. Like sweeping the grass. I love it.


Morbid is brought to you by progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving cleaning, even exercising. But what If, you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customer surveyed who saved with progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Well, there's a man running down the alley toward my building. Oh, he's waving his arms all over. But that is as much as I would, I could make out it. It was extremely dark and there's minimal lighting in that area. As he is making his way toward the building. A car turns in the alley behind him. It had sirens. So clearly it was the police chasing said man, the entire time he's shrieking this ungodly noise heading straight toward what seemed like me. Oh, now at ground level there's a small retaining wall. It's literally like three feet tall and he jumps on it and leaps up to grab the bottom of my balcony. No. Yes, no. Yes. Did you shake your pants, Eli? I would've because I would shit my pants.


Eli says, which by the way, is a solid 15 to 20 feet up And I. Don't know if he was truly possessed or not, but I shit you not. He hoisted himself up like he was an Olympic pole jumper without a pole. What the fuck? He just had like a 20 foot vertical. Like what's going on? Some street parkour, American ninja warrior shit. Get that man a contract somewhere. Like, what the hell? I ran right to my night table where I happened to have stashed an eight inch blade in the drawer. Oh, just casual things. That's Eli right there. And pull it out. Yeah, I. I. Just pull it out. I I. Just pull it right out just in case. I know I said I would mention this, but I'm from this wonderful little gem of a city called Brockton. Oh, have you guys ever seen the menu?


Go watch the menu. Go watch the menu. Now. I know you two gorgeous ladies most likely know about this special little shit hole. But the rest of the world probably doesn't feel free to insert whatever. Oh, now that was amazing. I basically grew up in an area where you sleep with one eye open in nicer terms. Yeah. It's called the City of Champions, but that's far from what It is. Champion to any other Brockton don't come for me. You know, it's true. So knife welding me runs into If. you know, I, I, If, you know Brockton, you know, you know iic. So Knife wielding me, runs into my living room as my balcony screen door opens and the inner door is being rammed on by this demon asshole.


Yes. This fucker is still chanting. Damn. I know you're probably thinking hi. Don't run toward Ja, toward danger. But I don't know. I just had this urge to stand my ground. I'm not gonna be caught. Sometimes you get that urge, you know? Yeah. It just happens. Sometimes you're just like, I feel like standing my ground today. Yeah. I just, I'm gonna stand my ground right now. Sometimes it happens and Eli says I'm not gonna be caught unprepared. That's right. The locks give out and the door crashes inward. No, the demon rushes in. He stops to look around and survey the situation. We lock eyes. Imagine if, imagine If. you were dust like this. I looked at him. What? If? you were just like, like what If. you just broken and you were just like, Hey, do you like Rusty, rusty spoon spoons?


Honestly, best home security system ever. Right? It's just always be Salad Fingers at every moment. 'cause if somebody breaks in and you just rise out of bed and just say, I like rusty spoons. What are you doing? They're gonna get the fuck outta there. Like they're gonna get the fuck If. you sit up and say, it's almost orga week. They'll be Bye against. Go to the next one. My Salad. Fingers. Yep. Yeah, they'll leave. Yeah. It's true. Well, we'll tip from us to you. Yes. It's safety tips. Well, la la, la, la, la. I said to him while holding the knife, don't fucking try me. Oh, that's Eli right there.


That's Eli. But that's my Eli right there. City of Champion. That's right. Eli Eli's the whole city. Yep. Eli knows his screaming had come to a halt and it was so fucking weirdly quiet. He looked at the front door, looked at me, the front door, me, and finally vaults over my coffee table to the front door, fumbles with the lock, gets it open and runs into the building hallway. Then resumes. He said, fuck that. He said, fuck that. But then resumes his demonic murder, screaming again. Yeah. He took a little pause. Yeah. Surveyed the situation, he said, and then was like, I'll continue out here. They, they were words, but not, it's seriously hard to explain, but terrifying. Oh, I wish you had audio. Oh, why didn't you get audio?


Come on Eli. Audio or it didn't happen. This entire thing was only like six seconds tops. But in the moment it felt like forever. Now this would be the perfect time for me to shut my door, lock it and crumble into a sob. But no girl. No. I ran out into the hallway after him like, who's paying for my broken door? Oh, ladies, you. Life for life ladies. I don't know why I felt like Zena warrior princess, some Amazonian badass bitch when the reality was a 21-year-old Puerto Rican, five three thick and out of shape. I'm obsessed with Eli. Somebody sees, I love you, Eli. Eli for life. You just wait the end of this tale. I was crying. I'm already obsessed. I was crying at this point. But then I started sobbing at, that's the next part.


The demon runs straight into the officers that yoke him up. One officer runs to me. He looked me up and down and at my knife, which I immediately placed on the ground and held my hands up like I was the criminal. I I. He ushers me into my apartment to make sure I'm okay and to get me out of the hallway as some neighbors had begun opening their doors to see what was happening. Hey, did I mention I was only wearing red panties? So my fucking coconut fig tip titties were just clapping in the wind. Can I say that? Can I say that? I just love, can I say that bitch? You can say that. You can sing that. You can speak that in a poem. You can. That's Eli.


So Soli had their own Eli. Eli had their own security system in place. Eli, I'm obsessed with you. You, your yabos saved you your yabos. I'm so we love your yabos. And we love 'em in. We love them. I mean, listen, it was bedtime. Oh my God. Whoops. Did I mention I was only wearing, oh, by the way, did I mention red panties? My coconut titties were flapping the fact that this demon motherfucker came walking into like busting through your house, like the Kool-Aid man. And you're standing there in red underwear holding an eight inch knife knife, and you just said like, don't even me fucking dry me. Don't Queen.


He said, queen. He said, I will not get her a goddamn crown. You are a warrior princess. Oh, you are in asterisks. After covering my goodies with a throw blanket, the officer takes a small statement from me, helps get the door back in place, offers to bring me to a friend's, all that stuff. But I told him I was fine. I'd be okay. Yeah, we're good. So he left. I paced my living room for a few more minutes, trying to get my heart rate to slow the fuck down, and finally go into my room and get into bed. Here's the best part of this entire fucking crazy story. We haven't reached the best part. No. My man's rolls over and puts his arm around me and says, what language was that? I am laughing so hard typing this part.


Yes, ladies, this motherfucking country boy that grew up in the middle of nowhere kept his grown ass man self in bed, in bed while I'm fucking knife wielding Samurai and keeping us safe. My response to him, no idea, but I think it was Satanic while he blissfully went back to snoring, the fact that he just rolled over and was like, what language was that? What he was saying? Like, swear, and where were you and where were you? Fucking wall. Like what? Hello? He just broke our front door down. Damn. Damn Eli. I knew from that day on, if we ever had a family and shit went down, I'd have to be the one to protect us.


Yeah, Eli. For life. But that's all for my story of my thick ass naked Hispanic lady. Face off first parkour, demon, parkour, demonic Banshee. Man, I didn't die. So that's a bonus. That's a huge bonus in my eyes. Thank. Thank you so much for reading. I grew up in the Bridgewater Triangle and currently live back here raising my little family. I got lots of spooky and scary stories I could share, including my dad almost being murdered in front of me. The amount of blood will forever be a memory. I can't forget. Oh, Brockton. Or, that wasn't me. That was Eli. Or when my mom's cousin came over and asked what dress she should wear if she died, when in fact she actually had died the day before and was wearing said dress. My mom picked out at the funeral days later, or the time my friends And I got attacked in the woods by a group of men and had to ask for help from a nudist colony.


Yeah. I have some tales. Send us all of them. Eli one, Podifah. I'm not kidding you. Tale one. Tale two. Tale. Three, four. 1, 2, 3. Give them all, all tail. All every tale. It's the holiday season. Yeah. Give us so we can take it. I, I. Wanna full? Put a phone. I want a whole, I want a bag full like this of those tales. An Eli episode. An Eli episode. I'll do, we'll do a whole episode on Eli. Yeah. Send us all those tales. Like threaten me with a good time. Let's go. Literally, let's go. Well keep it weird. Ladies. I hope to attend a live show in the future. Peace out and love always. Eli. Eli. Eli. For fucking life. For life.


Eli for life. Damn Eli. Yeah. That was amazing. So those were our whole amazing, that invasion. That's my computer. That's my whole computer. That's my computer. What? You don't, she doesn't have a burglar alarm. If. you installed one. This wouldn't happen. What? I'm just as You're ridiculous. SIM's one players will know, oh, you guys sim, only Sims one players in these streets will get it. Oh geez. I love doing video. Listener Tales so much. Just the fact that What day is today? Is it a Wednesday?


Yeah, it's just a Wednesday. It's just a fucking Wednesday. And I would, And I sent this to my family group chat and they were like, this is amazing. Like what And I was like. Yeah. Sometimes it's hard to explain what my job is. Yeah. When we came, I came out of the room for a second and John was like, oh, just, just working. Just going to work. I love it. I was like, what? And that's because of you guys. Yeah. And we're hella thankful. For you. Yes. We love you. We wanna smooch your faces. We do. I wanna steal your faces. We neglect it. Don't steal their face. That's fucking terrify. That's what I do. I wanna steal your face? You're like the queen from fucking, what's that movie that you won't let your kids watch and they wanna watch it so bad? Oh, return to Oz.


Yeah. Queen Mosby. Princess Mabe. I was so close. I was more on like a Sweet Life. Ted Mosby. Yeah. No, I wasn't there either. I was on a sweet life of Zach and Cody. Mr. Mosby thing. Oh, there you go. That's where I was. Well, princess Mabe. Mabe. Yeah. Freaky. I just think it's weird that you're gonna steal their faces, but we neglected to mention that this is Thanksgiving today. Oh, when you're watching this. Oh, it's Thanksgiving. While you're watching this, so you know, we're thankful. For you and And Happy. Thanksgiving and Happy. Thanksgiving and Turkey and sweet potatoes and whatever else. Oh, I'm so excited for your Thanksgiving. Elena's definitely gonna have to post some recipes because that bitch I will, I'll post recipes and I'm all, I have something that I'm gonna do.


I just burped. Please cut that out. I have some. No, you should not. It was such a dainty one. Cut it out. I'm so ty. We can leave it in. I have something. Fuck it. I'm real. I have something that I'm gonna do on Thanksgiving. And I. I'll show you. I like that on Thanksgiving. I'll show you. I like that a lot. I'm gonna dress like this at Thanksgiving just to be provocative. Provocative. I like it, right? Yeah. Provokes emotion. Yeah, doesn't it? Absolutely. It's very provocative. I think It does. You can't see me. I'm Salad Fingers. Well, we love you and we love doing this.


We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it. But not so weird that you don't have salad for fingers. I love salad. And. I love Salad Fingers


If. you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola GABA was born into legal royalty, her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was Addicted to the game she had created. She just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants Lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus Join, Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify, and listen to more Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now.