
Hey weirdos. Before we unleash today's Macab mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad-free layer. With early access to episodes, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance and investing. And even more, maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Recently I listened to So Thirsty, which was really good. I like how the narrator went between the two characters voices. That was really fun. And then I just started listening to God of the Woods. So good. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing in more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Peloton has what you need to achieve your fitness goals no matter why you got started. Me, I got started in actuality when I had kids. And I think it was really me just being like, one, I gotta chase 'em around and have fun with them and not be out of breath. And two, I wanna be healthy and strong and around for them for a long time. And the cool thing about Peloton is that you can kind of customize it to what you needed it to be. So I could fit it into my busy childcare routine very easily. And it helped me gain some confidence. Whether you need 10, 20, or 45 minutes of you time to sweat or get grounded, Peloton provides flexibility with daily on demand and live classes that will fit your busy schedule. And just everyday life. Peloton has thousands of members whose lives were changed by the workouts, experiences, community. Just the teachers I love. I honestly, I love the Peloton instructors. They're my fa, I mean, Bradley Rose. Let's you know, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid. Hey, S Morbid. It sounded like you said S Morbid smore Morbid bitch. You can have smore of Morbid. Funny. We've just been roasting each other all day. I love the ha ha. I was like, ha ha. You're so funny. We have been roasting each other all day whole week.


Really? And it's not just me roasting Ash. She's roasting me back, guys. Don't worry. Somebody come get her. She being mean. So she being mean. Nothing has happened since the last time we recorded. 'cause the last time we recorded was yesterday. Was yesterday. We, yeah. I'm trying to think. Did it literally anything happen? What can we talk about guys? What do you guys wanna talk about? Raise your hand If you have something for the class. We're coming up on our 666th episode and it's gonna be a Listener Tales episode. Yes. Which means we're gonna dress up and boy do we have something. So that's exciting. I ordered all the re months of my costume today.


It's fun. Me too. And we got some good news yesterday for For the near future. Oh yeah. Some, some good, good things. Not me being like, what you like whatcha talking about. I said, what did we learn yesterday? Yeah. We learned some wonderful things. So that there's, you know, I'm looking forward to that. Oh, we watched a very interesting movie on screen. This is just a random thing to tell you guys. 'cause in case you haven't listened to Scream Whatcha are doing about my pick. Whatcha doing over here? Ash picked it So good. And I think it's worth throwing it over here in case you, in case you haven't been listening to Scream, you should. It's fun. Go listen to Scream. What the hell are you doing? Tell Caleb's a goddamn hoot. So let's Oh, who in a half even.


He's a hoot and a half. Oh, who and a half. And you know, we take suggestions for movies and we also pick our own. It's a lot of fun over there. It's, we don't take it too seriously and neither will you. You nobody will. But it's really fun. So go, go listen. But If you haven't yet and you're like, what are you talking about, Ash? Her pick for the movie last week was a movie called Hellbender. It was so fun. It is such a cool movie. I'm looking up the girl on TikTok who recommended it originally. Yeah. It's Kate. It is Kate. Feral Pisces. Wow. Listen to you just remembering the TikTok movie because I too follow Kate on TikTok and love Kate. We love Feral Pisces.


So that's her TikTok handle is feral Pisces. She's grateful. Yeah. 'cause I was watching Yellow Jackets and then I follow Kate anyways. Yeah. And just our friend Kate, just our friend. Hey Kate. Anybody I follow on TikTok, I'm like, we're friends. And she recommended it. She was like, it's very like similar vibes. And it is, it's like, like sort of similar. It's like got like folky horror vibes. That's the thing. I think it's got like the DNA of like that kind of vibe. Yes. You know, like it's, it's a very unique story. The people who make it are like a family. So they have like a really unique story. And I think they're like the Adams family. Literally. Literally. Yeah. They like their last name is Adams. And they're really good.


They are in what they do. I think they do a great job and I think they tell stories really differently. And it's fun. There's another movie that, that they did, I can't remember where The Devil Roams, I think called. Yeah, I think it is Where the Devil Is that we're gonna cover next week on Scream. I'm excited for that. I'm, yeah, I'm very excited about it. So again, this is literally just us being like, Hey, this is a cool thing that we probably would pass on to you. So if you're looking for like an interesting, really spooky, really cool movie, like something you've never seen before. Yeah. That's just gonna make you go, huh, what the fuck afterwards. Yeah. But like in the best way, hellbender. It was really Check it out Beautiful. In like a weird way. Beautifully shot. Beautifully shot. And like weirdly a beautiful story.


It is. Yeah. Like not but Yeah. But yes, but yes at the end. Yeah. So give it a shot. I just thought that was like a fun little little thing. Yeah. Good. Tell you guys, you know, call, we're always trying to tell you cool stuff. I wanna watch that movie again. I do too. It was great. But unfortunately we have to talk about this shit stain. I know. But at least like, I feel he gets apprehended in this part. Yeah. He's not gonna, he doesn't win in the end. That's, so there's that. I did look up like a couple things. Yeah. 'cause I just needed to know for my own psyche last night. Well, you always have to see what they look like too. Yes. That was a trip. That is a trip. If you look him up, he looks very normal when he's younger. When he's younger. Yeah. You can see why people got into his car, lended him a hand. Oh, absolutely. Lended him a hand. But he came off almost clean cut.


No, literally. Yeah, he did. You know, like he, he very much was, it's actually interesting that they called him the hippie killer. Well, 'cause he doesn't look like a hippie. So he's called the hippie killer I think. Not because he's the hippie in this scenario for killing hippies. He w was also, he, while he had some hippie ideals, he also had disdain for hippies. Oh, okay. So I think this is like a double-edged sword here thing. Interesting. That he had to stain for hippies. Yeah. Because like everything that you've described about his personality so far, like as far as you know, like new age thinking and psychedelics. Yeah. Very. Is pretty hippie coated. Yeah. He was very confused. Yes.


I would say. Yeah. So, and what we'll see with Herbert Mullin too is he is mentally ill obviously. Yes. But he is not insane. He knows what he's doing. Yeah. And he knows what he's doing. And we will see, yeah. We will see instances where he covers up things or makes sure he takes bullet casings or such. Right. He's very, he's, he does not have diminished capacity in the sense that he doesn't know what he's doing is wrong. Yeah. So that you can, you can hold on to that as like, fuck this guy. Yeah. But the last we talked about him, he had, you know, he had killed Mary Gilfoyle. He had killed Lawrence White. He had killed a literal priest in a confessional.


Yep. And he is now wondering whether he's doing things correctly. That's quite a time to ponder that. It's, he's wondering if he's, you know, if this is the mission he's supposed to be taking. And so he starts the and and he is also thinking like, okay, I don't think I'm stopping an impending disaster from happening. So when we last left you, I said that he was also the voices in his head that he was, that he said were in there. Included his father's voice at this point. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he was now considering whether he could find a more morally righteous way to continue this mission of his and Well, you've already killed three people.


Yeah. So it's a little too, like there's no like turn back now. Well, and also like the mission is to sacrifice. So there's really no moral morally righteous way to do that. No, there's not. What he, what he was thinking in January, 1973 was that he could join the military. Oh. So he tried to convince his father to allow him to join the military and he submitted an application to the US Marine Corps. Okay. In Martin Mullen's mind, which is his father. The Marines would give his son some stability, some direction, help him grow out of whatever phase he was in. You know, it's not a phase dad, it's not a phase dad.


But from Herbert Mullin's perspective, the military is kind of ideal for him because he could one, make his father proud of him finally. And he could also continue his, what he saw as his important work saving the world. Because he would be in an environment where killing wasn't just permissible. It was kind of expected. Yeah. So he figured that was like the way to make this better. Okay. Now, having talked to so many doctors in the previous five years or so, he had become really good. And I mentioned this in part one at like anticipating what people wanted to hear. Mm. You know, so like he could, he knew how to work the system. Yeah. He knew how to get outta stuff.


So the initial paperwork and interview phase flew right by like he killed it. Damn. But when it came to the criminal record and drug history part of it, he couldn't talk his way outta that one. Yeah. Can't talk your way outta your own past. No. His criminal record showed several interactions with law enforcement, many of which ended with hospitalization. And he was still actively using drugs, which was gonna show up on drug tests. It usually does. So in just a matter of weeks, his plan to turn his whole life around and manage his responsibilities, it all fell apart. Mm. But although there was really only one person to blame for not being accepted into the military, he obviously wasn't gonna blame himself. He wasn't gonna accept his responsibility in this.


Yeah. So this just became yet another paranoid delusion that the world was against him. You know, it wasn't his behavior that had caused him to be rejected. It was society's conspiracy to prevent him from the greatness that he was destined for. Totally. So he wasn't just disappointed with this, he was pissed. That's not great. Now, in Herbert Mullin's mind, it wasn't just the universe that was conspiring against him, but it was the drugs. The drugs were conspiring against him. Well, they had clouded his mind for years. And he blamed marijuana, worst of all, which is wild work that that's truly wild.


Out of all the ones he's doing to blame the pot, I'm like, bro, you were doing LSD. Yeah. And even still like that probably fucked you up. But it wasn't totally all of the drugs fault. No, no. In his like wildly warped logic, he reasoned that smoking pot was what led him to make his bad choices. Okay. It, yeah, it was, it was the pot that was responsible for his bad relationship with his parents. And most importantly, it was what led to so many hospitalizations. It was totally that. Just the pop. Just that. Okay. So, but again, like his rejection from the military, he couldn't take responsibility for his drug use over the years. It wasn't him who had decided to do this, who did.


Instead he was like, I'm gonna place the blame on the person who started me down this road in the first place yourself. So a little before 9:00 AM on the morning of January 25th, Kathy Francis was just barely awake just starting her day when she heard, not a knocking on her door, but like a tapping. Oh, I hate that. A very light tapping. And she wasn't expecting anyone. It was the morning. So she was like, excuse me, what? She like, that's fucking sinister. She was not happy. So she opened the door And she found a slightly disheveled Herbert Mullin standing in front of her. She kind of knew him like she barely knew him, but she just kind of recognized him by sight, essentially.


So she tried to be a little polite, 'cause like she was kind of like, I think I knew you. Yeah. He had actually come looking for Jim Gira, who was the former occupant of this house, and the guy who had first given Herbert Mullin, his first joint back in high school. Okay. Yeah. Wow. Yep. How old is he at this point? It's like in his like early twenties. Twenties? Yeah. Early twenties. I couldn't fucking tell you early. Like mid twenties I would say. I have no idea who gave me my first joint. Yeah. And also it's what, not that guy's fault. It's not that you took the joint. Yeah. You smoked it. And that's not even the fucking problem here. That's even the issue.


Sometimes the stressors just start coming and they don't stop coming. You know, you wake up late, your coffee machine's broken, you go to go get a coffee and then the line's too long and then you're late for work. Ugh. There's no off switch for daily stress, unfortunately. But there's good news. You can take control of supporting your body's response to it. With Ritual stress relief featuring bios series technology, you can support your body's natural cortisol response for all day support. I absolutely love Ritual. I actually take their symbiotic plus gut health. And this is a lot about me, but I'm a more regular girly when I take that. I've noticed a big old difference. But let's talk a little bit more about the stress relief bio series technology. 'cause that's also pretty impressive. It is designed to optimize the release of a trio of clinically studied ingredients to help the body manage stress. I am obsessed with Ritual and I think you will be too, guys. The juggle is real. But don't just respond to stress. Get ahead of it with stress relief from Ritual. Get 25% off your first month at Ritual dot com slash Morbid. Start Ritual or add stress relief to your subscription today. That's Ritual dot com slash Morbid for 25% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Guys, let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. That's a lot of money and that adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. I think especially now is a wonderful time to start therapy. The world is c coo, bananas, nuts, crazy baby. And you need somebody to talk to about it. I get that. Well listen, with over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus you can switch therapists anytime. I love therapy, you'll love therapy and your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/ Morbid.


Well, Kathy explained that Jim hadn't lived in the house for a few months and then gave him directions to Jim's new house. 'cause he thought he was a friend. Yeah, of course. Like Kathy, she didn't do anything wrong. Kathy knew who he was. Yeah. Like a little bit. So it felt like a complete stranger. Yeah. And like she was like, oh, you're looking for your friend. He kind of made it seem like I'm looking for a friend. Yeah. So like, okay. And she was like, oh, it's like a few blocks away. He lives in a different house and then just closed the door and went back to bed. Now Herbert Mullin got back in his car and drove the seven miles to Jim and Joan RA's house on Western Drive. Jim and Joan Gi. I'm obsessed. Yeah. This couple had bought the house sometime earlier and had finally finished renovations and were able to move in a few months earlier.


Unfortunately, since then, Jim had struggled to find work and they'd run outta money. Oh no. So that January they'd been living without electricity. Oh man. Yeah. Now, like Kathy Francis, Jim hadn't been expecting anyone that morning. So the knock on the door was a little bit of a surprise. It had been a while since the two of them had seen each other. They went to high school together. Yeah. And, but Jim recognized Herbert Mullin immediately, but didn't invite him inside and out of nowhere, Herbert just said, I'm really pissed about the time I've been wasting. Okay. And Jim was like, sorry to hear that. Sorry. Sorry about that. Yeah. Like I, okay. He was just confused. Like, what? And before Jim could say anything back to him, 'cause what the fuck else, what was he gonna say?


The phone rang. And so he was like, excuse me, I just have to answer the phone really quick. Yeah. And he went in to answer the phone and Herbert walked in the door. Oh. And closed it behind him. Now Gem hung up the phone and turned around and was like, what the fuck are you doing in my house? I didn't invite you in. Yeah. You can't just walk in here, dude. And he was about to yell at him to leave. And then he noticed the revolver in Herbert Mullin's hand, and he turned to run. And from behind Jim heard a crack and a bullet grazed his right arm. Oh man. He made it to the kitchen and he flung the refrigerator door open, hoping to shield himself. But another bullet struck him in the left elbow shattering the bone. Oh shit. Yeah. So he grasped at the counter for a knife or anything he could use to defend himself, but he didn't find anything.


And instead he just charged at Herb, who simply sidestepped and then turned and shot Jim again. This time hitting him in the back. Oh. And the bullet this time tore through his lung and sent him crashing into the stairs. Oh my God. So Jim struggles and gets himself up. Now his lung has been like shot like a bullet, went through his lung. He gets himself up the stairs in order to warn his wife. Oh. He heard the crack of the gun again as he's trying to get up the stairs. And the bullet struck the door jam above the door and like exploded the wood. Now Joan had been showering when Herb arrived and the noise of the water blocked out all the chaos downstairs.


Oh wow. She didn't hear. That's a lot of it. That's So when she opened the door and stepped into the hallway and a towel, she was shocked to see her husband now stumbling towards her bleeding. Blood was pouring from his left side and streaming out of his mouth. Oh my God. He managed to shove Joan back into the bathroom and slammed the door and yelled at her to lock the door as he's bleeding to death. Yeah. And he like shoved his wife into the bathroom to like protect her. Oh my God. And from inside the bathroom, Joan heard the gunfire two more times. Oh, one bullet hit Jim in the stomach and the second went through his back and struck his heart and killed him. Oh my God.


And she's just standing in the bathroom having no idea what the fuck is going on. No idea who this man is now from inside the bathroom. So Herb could hear Joan hysterically sobbing from inside the bathroom. Oh my God. And so he just broke down the door with his hands and feet just kicked open the door. Oh, this is like a nightmare. Yeah. Once inside, he aimed the gun at Joan and fired three times quickly hitting her twice in the neck and once in the face just above her left eye. Oh my God. He was never fully confident that a gun was sufficient for the purpose of sacrifice. So he decided to take out his hunting knife that he had with him to, and stabbed Joan in the back three times once for each, each bullet.


But didn't do that to the husband? No. What? He then collected the showcases from the bathroom floor. So he notices what he's done his room. Yep. And from the hallway, and then proceeded downstairs to collect the rest of them. And he stuck the gun back into his waistband. And then he noticed that a button from his coat was missing. But he was like, ah, whatever. And he just left the house. Good. And now back at the Francis house. Remember Kathy, who originally opened the door? Yeah. I would like to give a quick trigger warning. This part is very upsetting. Oh no. Back at the Francis house, her two children had woken up and Kathy was doing her best to get 9-year-old David and 4-year-old Damon ready for the day.


Yeah. 9-year-old. Damon had had a cold the last few days and he looked like he was gonna be staying home from school one more day. So she went out into the yard and found some kindling to get the fire started in the stove. She had just put down some breakfast for the boys when she heard a knock at the front door. Oh. When she opened it, she was looking down the barrel of Herbert Mullin's gun. Oh my God. Kathy didn't even have time to say a word before Herb fired the gun and hit her straight in the head, killed her immediately he stepped over her and he entered and closed the door behind him. And he thought he was gonna find a husband or a boyfriend in the house. And he realized that he heard voices, but they were children's voices.


So just to, just to be clear, remember before he was saying that he was considering like how morally wrong this felt and he wanted to find a morally righteous Yeah. Way of doing this. I don't know what happened here. He didn't stop to think about, you know, the moral implications of killing children here because he simply raised the gun and fired twice and hit both of them in the head, killing them instantly. Oh my God. Then he walked around and stabbed each of them with the hunting knife to make sure that he had properly sacrificed them. And he also has like, no matter what, this is so fucked, but he has no idea who this even is. No. So that's not, it's still not fitting the, the narrative that he's trying to No.


Like create Yeah. What, oh, a 9-year-old and a 4-year-old and a 4-year-old and their mother and a 9-year-old. Oh my God. Oh, yeah. Now, unlike the three previous victims who had yet to be linked, investigators immediately suspected the GS and the Francises had been killed by the same person because there was a personal connection between the victims and similar circumstances under which they had been killed. Yeah. The scenes of both murders were remarkably sparse when it came to evidence. And in at least one of them, the Francis House there looked like there was no struggle because there wasn't. Right. It happened shortly. They just shot her in the face and then killed her two small children. Right. They did, however, note that the person connecting the families, Robert Francis was unaccounted for and hadn't been seen in at least two days.


Okay. And a press release the following day, sheriff Doug James stated there appear to be drug Overtones in the case. And when they did finally locate Robert Francis, he was ruled out immediately as a suspect. Yeah. Now, not wanting to cause panic. Santa Cruz police Captain Dick Overton urged residents to quote unquote, keep cool, stay cool, man, babe, just stay cool. Don't be all like uncool babe. And they, and he said, just go about your daily lives as normal. Keep cool. Yeah. Two families have been slaughtered, but like, yeah, keep it chill, man. And also he said, this is not a case of somebody running amok and shooting people. That's actually exactly what this is.


This thing has a pattern to it. It's not a case of some crazy man running around shooting people. No, it's, that's literally exactly what it is. Sarah. And what basis do you have to, otherwise, what are you talking about? So since the murders of the OTA family two years earlier, we talked about them in part one. Yeah. And the recent disappearances of a local, a number of local college girls and ke victims, ed Kemper, Santa Cruz residents, had started arming themselves. I would, which over to new increase the potential for an accidental shooting to happen. But while his desire to avoid, you know, like panicking the public and having some accidents happen that could have some real con consequences, he was very wrong.


Yeah. Because this was one of the rare incidences of someone quote, running amuck and shooting people at random. Yo, this literally was, now the more time that passed, the more kind of like adept Herbert got at justifying his murders. He was able to convince himself that it, which shows you also that he was doing some real Yeah. Mental gymnastics here to make it. Yeah. And investigators, it, it's like he just shot and killed two kids. There's, what are you doing Exactly. An investigator's abil inability to connect the crimes only served as further evidence of his divine purpose in his mind, because he's not getting caught. Exactly. By February, he had stopped taking drugs altogether and replaced his drug use with long hikes in the mountains around Santa Cruz.


Which my goodness, I wish you had done that your whole life. Yeah. Just do that instead, just hikes. Literally take a hike. Yeah. Take a hike. No. On the morning of February 10th, he went out for a hike in Henry Cowell State Park, just off Highway nine, not far from where Lawrence White's body was discovered. And these hikes, he said, gave him time away from his parents, you know, gave him peace, gave him a little quiet, made his head feel clear, why the fuck were you doing this forever? So he loved these, like, this was his moment of like peace. Yeah. So he was very irritated when he came across four teenagers camping in the woods that morning. Oh, how dare they. Yeah. How dare they do a thing they're allowed to do in nature?


Like what? Yeah, the teens, 18-year-old David Ecker, 18-year-old Robert Specter, 19-year-old Brian Scott card and 15-year-old Mark bu, I believe is how you say it had come to the area a few days earlier and they'd been living at like, like they'd made themselves like a little lean too. Oh, okay. And when he came upon them that morning, he was absolutely disgusted because he saw a bunch of trash around the large tent and he intended to speak to them about it. Oh. So his initial thought was not to immediately kill them. Yeah. Which is also interesting. Or so he says, right. And well, he doesn't Oh, okay. Initially, like that's, this isn't the first thing he does.


Okay. So he stands outside the tent and he coughs loudly to get their attention. And so they all made their way outta the tent. And he tells them, you're on public property and it's illegal to camp here, and you're polluting the woods with your garbage. Okay. Pick it up. So they are teenage boys. Yeah. So they mocked him, which Almo only made Herb angrier with them. So he told them he was a park ranger and he was giving them until the next day to clear out the area, or they'd be arrested. Okay. Which is so weird. Yeah, that is weird. You know? So he left the area and he continues his hike, but he just couldn't get this interaction out of his


mind. If there's anything I've learned so far this year, it's that small habits make a huge difference. There are some habits of mine that simply don't cut it anymore. I pretty much used to live off of coffee and manifesting. And while that works out, it turns out that, yeah, my body needs actual nutrients too. And that's why we love Cymbiotika. They make staying healthy way easier. And dare I say, kind of fun. I actually get pretty excited to take their liposomal vitamin C and their glutathione packets. Plus spring is here and we've got an amazing deal for you. There's no better time to hit refresh on your routines. Consistency makes me feel So good. So when I'm taking the same vitamins and supplements every day, I feel like a better person. And guess what, did you know that over 65% of adults in the US are magnesium deficient? This can cause muscle cramps, brain fog, headaches, and insomnia. A bunch of crappy stuff. Cymbiotika Magnesium L three Innate is the only form of magnesium that crosses the blood brain barrier delivering nutrients straight to your brain. Unlike other forms, it skips digestion and works directly to improve memory, focus and mood. I definitely feel a huge difference in my body when I take it consistently. And Cymbiotika supplements never contains seed oils, preservatives, toxins, artificial additives, or quote unquote natural flavors. No unclear ingredients or misleading labels. These are the cleanest, most effective products out there. Go to Cymbiotika dot com slash Morbid today to get 20% off your order plus free shipping. That's C-Y-M-B-I-O-I-K a.com/ Morbid for 20% off. Plus free shipping


stop allergy season in its tracks with big savings from GoodRx. Seasonal allergy medication starts at just $15. So you and your family can kick those itchy eyes, stuffy noses, and scratchy throats. Strike to the curb. Check GoodRx before every trip to the pharmacy to save 80% on both brand name and generic medications. GoodRx is free and it's easy to use. Just search for your prescription on the website or the app, compare prices and get a free coupon to show your pharmacist. Use GoodRx to save at over 70,000 local pharmacies nationwide, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Kroger, and many more. And remember, GoodRx works with or without insurance and it could actually beat your copay price. That happens to me all the time. So I always, always, always just click on my little GoodRx app before I head to the pharmacy, show it to the pharmacist, and she's like, oh, I got a coupon for you. She sings it just like that. Don't let allergy slow you down. Save big on allergy medications this season with GoodRx. Go to GoodRx dot com slash Morbid. That's GoodRx dot com slash Morbid.


This is where the, the like the voices, the illness comes into play. I feel. Yeah. This is just me like speculating of course from afar because it feels like he had like a moment of clarity of just being like a curmudgeon there. Yeah. And just being like, rah rah. Like you, you dumb kids, what are you doing? Yeah. Do good or, and he was leaving and then as he's leaving, it's like the every it clouded again. Yeah. And it's like, like that Rain Cloud set upon his brain and was like, no, no, no. Like you need to be rational here and be so it's very interesting to see how this all played out. Yeah. It's like he, it's like an urge that he just can't fight against. Yeah. It's very strange. So he can't stop thinking about it, you know?


And in his head, here he is doing everything he can to protect the world from this impending natural disaster. And these teens are just throwing garbage all over the place. And then mocking him when he shares his concerns about the environment. What the fuck? Yeah. Under a normal circumstance, you would be like, yeah, that does suck. Under normal circumstance, like a regular Joe. You know, you just going, wow, what a shitty day. Yeah. You'd be like, man, like here though. But him you're like, fuck you. Yeah, dude. Yep. So at first it occurred to Herb that he could just go back to the campsite and kill them all. And then he was like, you know what? I can't do that because this would be a personal grievance.


And not keeping with my mission wasn't the last murderer. Personal grievance. Thank you. You're welcome. Because Jim was the first person to give him a joint, which he considered the beginning of all this, which is a personal, that's a personal grievance. Grievance by definition. Yeah. Like that's not part of your mission. Maybe he was feeling some type of way about that. Yeah. I think he's just scattered a lying sack of shit. And I think that he, like, by his own admission, he knows how to convince people of certain things. Ah, knows how to convince people that he's okay to be let out of a hospital. Well, and remember knows how to convince people to let him in the military.


He was really smart. He's very smart. He excelled in school. Yes. One of the top students. Great athlete. And he's very manipulative. Yeah. He admitted it himself. That's how he got out of the hospital. Like hospitalizations. Every time. Multiple. Yeah. So this to me feels like him later being like, oh, well this is why I didn't do it. Yeah. To make it seem like I'm still under that fog of like, I have a personal mission. Like trying to make sure he stays in that narrative. Yeah. But he forgot that he had fucked it up already. Right. Like, I think this is one of those like, oops. Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. So, because that makes no sense. No it doesn't. Oh. So over the course of the afternoon, he kept obsessing over this interaction, slowly convincing himself, of course, that while he had, you know, it had been a bad interaction with him, with, with these kids, the fact remained that they were polluting the planet.


So sacrificing them to him felt like it made sense. He eventually convinced himself that this was okay. Okay. So later that night, he came back under the cover of Darkness, came back into the park. Damn. He hiked back out to the campsite and approached it. He wanted to catch them off guard. This is so scary. Yeah. Yeah. Because they probably thought nothing else after left. They forgot about him completely. I bet. Yeah. Like they, that just wasn't even a blip on their radar. Right. But the fire was still burning when he found the camp and inside the tent, he could hear them chatting and laughing with each other. Yeah. So armed with a 22 caliber pistol, he approached the tent and started un fastening.


The snaps that held the flaps closed. Oh my God. He startled them, obviously. Yeah. And as soon as the tent opened, none of them had a chance to say a word because he just started firing. And all six shots hit their intended targets. Each of them got hit in the head. Oh. They all crumpled to the ground in a literal pile of bloody bodies. Oh, that's awful. And they're all, these are young kids. Oh yeah. They're teenagers. Yeah. And it's like, they're in a pile now in this tent with down feathers everywhere. 'cause he shot through pillows. Right. Tattered sleeping bags. Like what an awful scene. So after shooting the boys, he went through their pockets and took whatever money they had on them.


It's weird. 'cause I thought this was just for like, you know, a mission. Yeah, yeah, exactly. What did that do? I thought this was all for like higher moral purposes. Yeah. And then he just tossed their wallets on the ground and left. And oh, he also grabbed a rifle that he found in the corner of the tent because he said they didn't need it anymore. Oh wow. Yeah. This guy's a great a douche bag. Yeah. So since he began his project of, you know, saving mankind in November, he had killed 12 innocent people. Wow. Very innocent people chosen mostly at random. Yeah. Since then, his mental health had deteriorated considerably. And it seemed like no matter what he did, the voices in his head were there just demanding more.


Supposedly just three days after killing the boys in Henry Calwell State Park, he was out for a drive in Santa Cruz. When the voice came into his thoughts, again demanding another sacrifice. This is according to he Herbert Mullin. By the way, can we go back for a second? He pick up the trash. That's a great, he pick up the fucking trash. That's a great question. That's a great question. What about all those down feathers? Are those good for the feathers? Yeah. That's polluting the environment. What about all the trash you were so upset about and you, I just left the tent. All That's not all of it. All degradable. Yeah. So fuck you. So like, fuck you. None of this in your fake mission. What you're saying it's for Yeah, it's ridiculous. Sorry, go ahead. No, don't worry. Just needed to say that. No, I'm glad you said it. But, so he's driving through Santa Cruz.


He hears the voice saying, you need to make another sacrifice. And at first he said he thought about resisting. I bet. But instead he just pulled a U-turn and headed back into a quiet neighborhood that he'd just driven through. Oh. As Herb drove slowly down the street, he spotted 72-year-old Fred Perez. Are you kidding me? He's just standing on the sidewalk. He was a longtime resident of Santa Cruz. He had once been a successful heavyweight prize fighter, stop it before retiring from boxing and using his winnings to go into business for himself. Nice. As a truck driver and a fishmonger. His businesses were successful. He was able to provide for his family. And then finally he passed the business down to his kids a few years later.


Oh, it's not known what Fred was actually doing that afternoon. He was just hanging out on the sidewalk. Yeah. But it's likely he didn't even notice the Chevy car. Like slow to a stop nearby. And he definitely didn't notice the driver aim the 22 caliber rifle in his direction. So he hit Fred Perez directly in the heart with, with a shot, and killed him instantly on the sidewalk, his own neighborhood. His man is just in his own neighborhood living, living his life like, yeah. And he did everything he had, like, he had a successful career he provided for his family, just trying to enjoy his retirement. Now he passed his, and then he went into another business to like provide even more for his family, and then passed that business onto his kids.


And he's just retired and just live in that. But this is totally about sacrifices, but this is definitely about that now. And so he was killed instantly on the sidewalk Herb having done his, what he considered his duty, put it, you know, the safety back on the rifle, put it back in the trunk and left the seam calmly. Just drove away. Insane. So Fred Perez likely never saw his killer, but someone else did good that afternoon. Fred's neighbors had been out in their garden and they saw Herbert Mullin drive by us. You fuck with the quiet neighborhoods? No, you don't. You don't. We got neighborhood watch going on. Fuck yeah. I love my badass. Yep. I always, I pull in my own neighborhood and I see people looking out their windows.


Hell yeah. Hell yeah. They, so his neighbors watched the U-Turn happen. They watched him slow to a stop a few yards from Perez, and they watched in horror as he was shot. They also managed to write down his license plate number before he'd gotten too far down the street. That's a real one. And immediately ran inside and called the police. That is a real one. Now, as luck would have it, the first officer to hear the report of the shooting go out over the radio was a patrol officer who's in the neighborhood where Perez lived. Oh, wow. And within a minute of the shooting, Herbert Mullin was pulled over on the side of the road. Wow. Within a minute. One minute. Yep. When the officer approached the driver's window, he noted the man behind the wheel matched the description of the man who'd fled the scene of the Perez shooting.


And he noted the 22 caliber pistol laying on the passenger seat. Yeah. In the days that followed that pistol would be a match for the slugs found in nine murder victims. But for the time being, the officer placed him under arrest for the murder of Fred Perez, effectively ending Herbert Mullen's five month murder spree that ended the lives of 13 people. It's crazy. All that happened in five months. Yeah. Yeah. Now, when he was arrested on February 13th, 1972, the bodies of Mary Gilfoyle, David Olier, Robert Specter, Brian Scott card, and Mark dbu had not been discovered yet. Oh. But Santa Cruz police were still able to hold him for the murder of Fred Perez while they were still investigating.


And in their interviews with those who knew Herbert Mullin police learned very little about his background and any potential motive for these murders. The owner of the Pacific View Motel, where Herb had been staying for the last few days, described him as an ordinary guy. He said he was real quiet. We never saw him except when he came by the office to get his mail. And a former classmate was equally shocked by this whole thing and told reporters that Herbert Mullin was extremely bright and very popular in high school. He said Herb always seemed to be uptight, but he was popular. Okay. Which is so wild. That is really wild. While reporters just went ham trying to get information about the accused killer detectives were busy linking the gun back to the Francis and Gian murders on the afternoon of February 15th, he was brought before a municipal court judge and arraigned for the murders of Fred Perez.


Jim and Joan Gira and Kathy, David and Damon and Francis. Oh. Which, ugh, kills me. When asked if he had anything to say, he said, in accordance with the Fifth Amendment, I will make no statement. Okay. Cool. You little bitch


With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh pre-portioned ingredients at seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. Skip those trips to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, and affordable. That's exactly why it's America's number one meal kit. Are you tired of figuring out what is for dinner night after night after night? Yes. Especially on busy weekdays. Right. Get dinner done the easy way. Thanks to HelloFresh. It's so easy to find time to eat well with 50 wholesome hassle-free meals to choose from each week that are delivered right to your door. And HelloFresh iss, 15 minute meals are done in just three simple steps so that you can eat better this year without all the hassle. I feel a million times better going throughout my day knowing that I have a HelloFresh meal in the fridge to cook later on when I get home. Or even Drew can cook it and he's not a big cooking guy. Get up to 10 free meals and a free high protein item for life at HelloFresh dot com slash Morbid. 10 fm one item per box with active subscription free meals applied as discount on first box. New subscribers only varies by plan. That's up to 10 free HelloFresh meals. Just go to HelloFresh dot com slash Morbid 10 fm HelloFresh is America's number one meal kit.


The next day, fingerprints found in the confessional at St. Mary's Church were determined to be a match for Herbert Mullin. Wow. And he was charged with the murder of Father Henry Tome. What a way to find that. That's great. Yeah. The arrest of Herbert Mullin came as a big relief to the residents of Santa Cruz. Unfortunately, they did not know at the time that there was definitely another killer on the loose. Yeah. They had not caught Edmund Kember at that point, but the motive for the murders was still a mystery. Nobody could understand this was so random. Right. And Herbert Mellon wasn't talking. So Peter Chang, who was the district attorney at the time, told reporters the motive for these slangs is not clearly defined, but it appears that each of these people was an acquaintance of the suspect at some time during troublesome phases of his life.


Not all of them at all. Yeah. So it's like the logic two, the logic, I guess, like you want, I don't know, it doesn't make any sense. Seems like they were just trying to make people feel better. I think it made sense about random crime. Yeah. It made sense in the killings of, you know, the GS and the Francises. Yeah. 'cause he did have an acquaintance there. Right. But it didn't explain the murder of Fred Perez or Father Tome or Mary Gilfoyle or Lawrence White or the boys in the woods. Right. Like it didn't, none of those made sense. Yeah, that's exactly, yeah. According to Santa Cruz Sheriff's Detective Ken Tinger, who spoke with Herbert Mullen's family and former friends, Herbert quote, freaked out on acid during a visit to San Francisco's hate Ashbury district two years after his high school graduation in 1965.


Which apparently could have accounted for his random and extremely violent behavior. I'm gonna go with No, I'm like, I know that. It didn't help. No, it didn't help. But there, there was definitely other stuff here. Yeah. That's not the like Yeah. Everybody knows a lot of people who have had a bad trip. Yeah. You can't account a murder spree from bad trip. You can't trip on that. No. Like, no. So the picture became even more opaque a few days later when the bodies of the four teenagers were discovered by Brian Scott card's Brother Jeffrey. Oh, in the woods. God, he had not seen or heard from the group in two weeks. So Jeffrey card hitchhiked from Los Angeles to Santa Cruz to the campsite. Oh.


Where he found his brother and three friends dead in the kit, in the tent. Oh, it's awful that he had to be the one to find that there was no evidence found at the scene to link Mullin to the killings. But investigators suspected he might be the one responsible anyways. And the body of Mary Gilfoyle had been discovered in the mountains a few days earlier. Oh God. Which must have been horrific. Yeah. And Herb was suspected in that killing as well. And in a statement to the press, Chang referred to the murders as a quote, psychopathic type of killing. And the link to Herbert Mullin was entirely speculative at this point. Okay. 'cause it was, yeah. They didn't have any evidence, any evidence. Evidence. Within a few days of finding the teenagers in the woods, the murders of all four boys were linked back to Herbert Mullin through the 22 caliber revolver used in the other killings.


And four more counts of murder were added to him. Additionally, the rifle used in the murder of Fred Perez was soon traced back to the teenagers. Because remember he took it from their 10. He stole a lot. Yep. Which only strengthened the case against Mullin. Yeah. Huge connection in the murders of David Ecker, Robert Specter, Brian Scott card, and Mark Vis. Now, after a brief delay, Herbert Mullin finally appeared in court in mid-June. And he entered a plea of innocent by reason of insanity. Eh, that plea obviously required the trial to go into phases one to evidence of diminished capacity, the second to determine guilt. By the time the case went to trial in early August, Herbert Mullin had been linked to the murders of Lawrence White and Mary Gilfoyle bringing his victim count to 13.


Though he had only been charged with 10 murders at trial. Now at trial, one of herb's evaluating psychiatrists, Dr. Charles Morris laid out his motives based on what Mullin had told him during their consultations. He said, I think he premeditated considered it and went ahead and did it. Dr. Morris explained that Herb had sought revenge against Jim Gian for quote, leading him down the garden path to drug use. And he had killed the Francis family to get rid of any witnesses. 'cause he had already knocked on that door. Which means that tells you what, that he knew what he was doing. He knew that was wrong and he tried to cover it up. Yep. As for the boys in the woods, Morris claimed herb quote had a thing out for hippies.


And since these people were hippies, it was a good time to do away with them. I feel like it's not even like a thing for hippies. He was just pissed about the trash. Yeah. I think he just wanted to, yeah. Basically, Dr. Morris didn't believe that Herb was criminally insane at the time of the murders. Agreed. Rather, he had been under considerable emotional strain and ultimately killed Fred Perez in order to get caught. Yeah. Oh, they think he literally did that to get caught. Do you think so? I have no idea honestly, with that one, I can see both sides of that argument. Yeah. Because one, he does these, I mean he did, I mean, he did it to Lawrence White. He did it right on the side of the road. He hit him with the bat, but it was a little more of a off to the side kind of thing.


Yeah. This was in a residential neighborhood on the sidewalk. Yeah. It did break pattern. And he was calm as a cucumber. Right. So, and I have to wonder, did he even, did he see the neighbors? Yeah. He might have even seen the neighbors and been like, I don't know. Yeah. It is interesting to think about because I do believe he is a mentally unstable, mentally ill man. For sure. Absolutely. I don't think you can argue that. I just don't think he's insane. Same. Agreed. That's, those are two different things. Yeah. I can see both sides of the argument. Yeah. With the, did he do it intentionally to get caught thing? Huh? I can see it being that. Yeah. And I could see it just being coincidence. A coincidence that he got caught. Now, Mullin took the stand to testify in his own defense a few days later and did his best to refute much of what the doctor said.


According to Mullin quote, he didn't think it was right to kill. And he had gone to a Los Los Gatos church to give him strength to never attempt to kill again. Apparently that didn't work. 'cause then you killed a priest. Yeah. In the church. So like, I don't know how much ground you have to stand on there. Yeah. And then continued to kill many, many people after that. Exactly. Over the course of several hours, he went on to claim that he was commanded to kill by the voices in his head, which sounds a lot like someone who is trying to get that insanity defense. And he gave what one reporter referred to as quote a rambling answer, complete with biblical references, which is kind of textbook kind of textbook.


His testimony was often unfocused, very incoherent, frequently contradicted himself. You know, that kind of thing. Yeah. For example, when asked why he killed the four young campers in the woods, he said, quote, I had been arrested in 1968 for camping and possession of marijuana. And it bothered me that they should get away with it. I'm sorry, what? I thought it was the polluting. Yeah. Like what are you talking about? And they're at no point earlier did he say they had marijuana on them? No. And it's like, now you're saying that you were annoyed that they were allowed to camp there and you got in trouble for it. So you killed them. What? Yeah. Like hello. Yeah. And in that way he said he was enforcing the law. No, that's not how the law works actually at all.


But then only a short time later, he said something different about it. He said, he quote received a telepathic message from the young men saying it was all right to kill. Kill them. So he did. It sounds like he just had an urge to kill people and follow through in that urge. And he tried to, tried to come up with a reason for it. He tried for it. He tried to explain it. Yeah. Yeah. On August 19th, the jury deliberated briefly before finding her herb guilty on two counts of first degree murder and eight counts of second degree murder. Effectively removing the question of diminished capacity from the case. Yeah. The jury appears to have recognized that he definitely struggled with mental illness. No one is disagreeing with that. Yeah. But they believed there was sufficient evidence to suggest he knew what he was doing and he knew that it was morally and legally wrong.


Yeah. Like he literal Okay. Literally walked around a couple of scenes and picked up shell cas. She casings, like got rid of witnesses in another scene. He got rid of the whole friends. He got rid of children. Yeah. Because he didn't, he knew they could point and say, he showed up at my door. Right. Like, come on. In his statement to the press, Herbert Mullen's attorney said he felt the jury had not wanted to find him criminally insane. 'cause he might end up being released at some point in the future. He said he told reporters if a man found innocent by reason of insanity, went to a hospital and was never going to get out, I think we'd have a lot more insanity verdicts. I don't think that's the case. I think they think he knew what he was doing was wrong. Yeah. And baby girl, why don't you look up the definition of legally insane.


Exactly. Like don't sit here and try to say like they just don't want him to get outta transit and get outta the hospital. It's like, no, we're just looking at the definition of legally insane and depending it on the jury. Like that is just such a cop out. Yeah. Like fuck you. Like you failed. Well, and also just days after the verdict, jury foreman Ken Springer wrote a letter to the governor expressing his outrage that no one had intervened to prevent this loss of 13 lives. Like no one had intervened in Herbert Mullin, her's Life. Life, yeah. And made this stop. He wrote, I hold the state executive and state legislative offices as responsible for these 10 lives as I do the defendant himself. None of this need ever have happened.


And he cited his multiple hospitalizations and releases as missed opportunities to keep a killer off the street. That's the thing. Like the, the defense attorney there wants to point to the jury as having it be there. Yeah. Paul, it's like, no, it's actually a system failure like it is most of the time. Very much a systemic failure here. Yeah. And he was just pointing to what would continue to be a systematic failure because a lot of times people who are proven crim, proven criminally insane do go to these hospitals. Yeah. And they do get let out. Yeah. And the whole fucking issue starts up again. Yeah. The cycle begins again. Right. So it's it is a systematic failure. Yeah. He, he wrote in the letter, according to testimony at his trial, Herbert Mullin could and did respond favorably to treatment of his mental illness.


Yet the laws of the state certainly prohibit officials from forcing continued treatment of his illness. And I have the impression that they, as a matter of fact, discourage continued treatment by state and county institutions probably. Which like, alright, Ken, I know. Like good for you. Right into your governor being like, absolute fuck y'all Absolutely. Like, like these 13 people didn't have to die. More people need to do shit like that. Yeah. 'cause it's like there's a, this is a, a failure on many levels. Herbert Mullin was ultimately sentenced to life in prison and sent to Mule Creek State Prison and loaned to serve out his sentence. He tried many times to gain parole, but he was repeatedly deemed unsuitable. That's by the parole board and denied.


While at Mule Creek, he corresponded regularly with supporters outside the prison. That's absolutely fucking bon seeks and even attempted to find a wife. Did he? No. Good. In 1987, he placed an ad in the Scotts Valley banner. Why is that allowed? And he wrote seeking an Irish wife and he described himself as 40 years old. I'm 14 years in prison. I desire to si children now. No, thank you. You killed children. Yeah, absolutely not crazy. The ad was unsuccessful. That's wild. I know. Also saying sire children is fucking I was, I was like nuts. I gotta go on August 18th, 2022.


Yeah. Recently Herbert Mullin died of natural causes at the California healthcare facility in Stockton at 75 years old. Unfortunate he got to live, it's very, his life out that long and die of natural causes. Very, very unfortunate. Ugh. I hate that he got to live. I do too. But I, because also he outlived Fred Perez and that makes know me angry. 'cause Fred was 72. Yeah. I'm like, fuck you. A lot of times actual justice is just really never served. It's hard to come by sometimes. Yeah, it is. I mean, at least he went to prison. But yeah, just the fact that somebody like that shouldn't have had access to put an ad out for a wife. No. Like I don't under, I un obviously like prison shouldn't be this like horrible like throw away the key, you know?


Yeah. Like it should be like the whole part is supposed to be, it should be for reform to a degree. Yeah. And we've had that conversation so many times, but I just don't feel like somebody of that level Yeah. Of like lack of humanity should be able to put a fucking ad out for a wife. Exactly. I totally agree. Like, should he be able to take a class? Yeah. And you know, maybe better his mind a little bit. Yeah, exactly. But like that kind of thing. No, but putting out a personal ad, like really? Yeah, we're trying to do that. Yeah. Like, come on. No, absolutely not. Ridiculous. Well, that was a crazy tale. Yeah. That's Herbert Mullin. With all that being said, yeah. We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you go to prison after murdering a bunch of people and then place an ad in your local paper saying that you wanna sire children.


Gross with an Irish wife. Yeah. So, so, so specific. Yeah. Adorable. Strange and upsetting.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Lindsey Graham from the podcast, American History Tellers. And if you're still reeling from Ash and Elena's episode on the Boston Molasses disaster and you want to dive even deeper, you are in luck. My show doesn't usually venture too far into the spooky or creepy, but we've dedicated two full episodes to uncovering fascinating details about this bizarre molasses catastrophe. From the company's negligence to the victim's harrowing stories, we explore how this strange event reshaped industrial safety laws and left an indelible mark on Boston's history and the Boston Molasses disaster is just one of many fascinating stories waiting for you on American History tellers. We take you to the events, the Times, and the people that shaped our nation and show you how our history affected them, their families, and affects you today. Follow American history tellers on the Wonder App or wherever you catch your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both American history tellers and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.