
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava Hands down The. best thing I found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics. In other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. If, you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut, acai, Coconut. acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours. And two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Welcome to Scam Town. It's a place where the true crime is stranger than fiction, and the stories are filled with quirks and moral ambiguity from James Lee Hernandez and Brian lte. The filmmakers behind MCM Millions and the big con scam town takes you through stories ranging from the strange to the unbelievable wild scams. Surprising heists, forbidden love, and massive explosions are just a little taste of what's in store. Scam Town is an Apple original podcast produced by Fun Meter Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


Hey weirdos. I'm Melina. I am Ash and This Is Morbid. Ooh, this is more bad. I've had Ahaha Blast, so I am Cuckoo crazy. Ah, I said It's affecting her two folks. I always said a a please, please do. Please go for It has become a Baha blast at this moment.


I'm always a Baha ha blast. She is on a Baha blast level Because I had a chai which had caffeine and then I had Excend migraine, Which Also has caffeine. And then I had a Baha ha blast. So I might explode during this Episode. I'm gonna say, so my heart might explode, But we might have to call an Ambulance, But that's fine. Woo. So hey everybody. Hi. This is, this is just like a fun thing. We just wanted to mention to you. We had, we have another podcast, you know, scream, look a few, and you know, the re watcher, Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It's our favorite. It's so fun to do and it's, we have a blast with it.


And we got a big, get a big get Huge. We got Juliette Landau to be a guest in the last episode. Illa. She's Dilla. She's one of my favorite characters on the show. And it was a fucking huge get because I like 14, 15-year-old me would've never thought in a million years that I was gonna be talking to Silla. No. Like never. She, she was Just on your wall and she, She was a treat, like a true treat. She is a delight of a human being. And I'm saying this to one, just be like, guys, 'cause you're like my friends. So I'm like, friends, guess what? I got to talk to Drew. And also because Dilla herself, Juliette Landau has a podcast where she is going through Buffy the Vampire Slayer.


And as a cast member, that's like a totally different experience. Yeah. And she has like her own Scooby. Yes. She calls them And it's called Slaying It. So go check it out because you know, like G Game. See game, you know. Hell yeah. Let's all support each other. So go listen to it. It's awesome. She's awesome. I'm sure she's gonna have some kick ass guests. Oh yeah. So it's definitely worth a listen and listen to the re watcher because we love it and it's so much fun. And if you haven't watched Buffy the Vampire Slayer, it's a real fun time. Yeah. You can watch along with me. That's the whole premise Premise of the show. Yeah. ASHA's never watched it. So this is her first time going through it. And it's my like 5500th time. So We're already on season five. It's nuts.


Yeah. So let's go party. But that was just like a fun little thing. I wanted you guys to go check out after you listen to this episode, go listen to the re either slay it or the s Re watcher it both Like first and then third. Y you know what I mean. Like Well second and Then third hit one of them. Yeah. I mean. And then hit the other one. Third. I haven't had enough caffeine. Just listen to all the podcasts Simultaneously. You guys know how to add to the queue. Just add it to your queue. Add it to your queue. Add it to your queue. Just swipe, swipe. I don't know which way you're Like, just swipe Man. Just swipe man. Just swipe. Swipe it. Swipe Swipe Your hand on that screen Of yours. Swipe. Whats that? See what happens. Swipe don.


Don't know if that's a commercial or like an actual song. Don Don't know. Also, sorry if you heard a It was my hair Clip. Yeah. Back to the old days of Ash. Fucking around with things That are in, sorry, I, my, my like fidgeting lately has been cuckoo nuts. Probably anxiety. Yep. In stress. Yes. Yep. Yes and yes. I, I was like, I can diagnose those. So yeah, because actually I had to skip therapy last week because Drew got sick when we got back from DC and then I had tummy trouble. So I said I cannot come in today. Sister don don't even have to go anywhere. I just threw it on my computer. But I said I can't do it, babe. I cannot log on today. I said it way more professionally than that.


And then she was out this week. Oh no. So I'm two weeks raw dogging life. I'm Two weeks raw talking Life and it's not going well, bitch. It's not great. And life has been raw Talking off Honey. I thought that I was raw talking life and life said turn around baby Shit. Caught so real. My therapist doesn't even know what, I hope she's enjoying vacation because honey, you got a big storm coming.


She's gonna be like, I'm gonna tell her I need a two hour session. She's gonna Need therapy after the therapy would Beautiful. Oh, she needs therapy after all my sessions. I think she's also, let me just tell you, she's the kindest lady ever. Oh, I love that. I would give you her name, but Hipaa. Yeah, but Hipa, She's so good. You know, therapists because To deal with my ass therapists Out there. Hell yeah. Yeah. You rule. I don't know how you do Do it for existing because damn, because life doesn Raw. We be without without you. Anyway, On that note, we're okay. Don't worry about It. Sip spa blocks.


That's, wait, I'm sorry. That's how you know I'm in a, in a bad place When you're sipping your BA hub, when you're sipping a blue drink In The middle of a work day. A what? A blue drink in the middle of a work Day. When I'm sipping on nuclear horse pee on a workday. That's when you know things are awry. So speaking of awry and somebody who could have benefited from therapy, That was a great Transition. We're gonna talk about John George Haigh. Who is The Acid. Bath Murderer. How about John George Nay. Huh? Yeah. John George Haigh. Bye. That's what like John George.


Bye. You gotta make a gross face. Like, ooh. Oh. So let's talk about John George Haigh. Huh? He had quite a childhood. You said acid bath. Yep, I sure did. All right. I just needed to clarify. I love that. Like 10 minutes later you're like, wait a second. Yeah. Acid bath. You say Sometimes that doesn't penetrate like past the The cranium. Yeah. That one was rough. All right. Rough Childhood though. But John George Haigh had not a great childhood. Probably not a tough childhood. I'm again, I'm no doubt. I think you've gotten guys No, by now. Six years in. I'm not validating what he did, but no, I, for a second I was like, I'm not saying he should have done this. No, no, no, no, no. So John George Haigh was born July 24th. That was yesterday.


Whoa. He's A Leo. That's weird. I didn't even mean to do that. Yeah, you did. Why does that happen so often? You meant to, I'm just fucking with you. Why does that happen so often? That's weird. No, It actually, that's something that has happened since like the beginning of this pod. Yeah, it has. Or even like, like we would cover something and then like a major thing about it would break. Yeah. And it was always after I was Wear witches. Yes. Some was up with that. Or We just had bad timing. I don Dunno. But he was born in 1909, which it is not. No. and he was born in Lincoln. I look this up. Lincolnshire. England. Okay. I wanna make sure I say it right for you guys To John Sr. Haigh and Emily Haigh. Just a few months before his birth, John's father lost his job at the Stanford electrical plant. And obviously this put a big financial strain on the family.


And with a new baby coming and it being 1909 and all this was pretty stressful. Yikes. But Later, after John George Hay's trial, John George Haigh Jr. Emily Haigh, his mother would say that quote, the financial and emotional instability this caused at the time affected her son in the womb and twisted his mind. Wait, the financial instability did that. Yeah. The financial Instability twisted a baby in utero mind. And that's why he became what he became. I Will say I've heard crazier shit than that. But that's, that's high on the list. No one's pretty high up.


Forget If you were born during a recession. Yeah, You're fucked if your mind's twisted. I'm gonna go ahead and say probably not. Yeah. But I'm not a doctor. Fortunately John j Sr or John Haigh senior, excuse me, managed to find work with a mining company in West Yorkshire a few months after the birth of John Haigh Jr. That's Hard to, but it was too late. His mind was already twisted. Already twisted from the financial strain of it all. And the family relocated to nearby Wakefield. Now here's where we're gonna learn about like what his childhood was like. Because above all else, this family was defined and ruled by religion. Oh. They were devout followers of the Plymouth Brethren, which was a non ritualistic and anti clerical branch of Protestantism.


They adhered to an incredibly strict 'cause I wasn't saying like religion, that's the problem. No, no. It's just this in particular is a wild way for a kid to grow up more like A Cult. It is a very strict set of inflexible rules from the Old Testament. And this was not, this was also not the norm in England. It's not like everybody was going for this and you know, like this particular flavor of religious fervor, fervor, and piety. You Didn't call it a flavor. What did I call it? No, you did. Oh, but I was saying you. Oh I thought, I was like, what did I call it? You didn't call it a flavor. I did like Oh no she did not. This flavor of religious fervor and piety made them like oddballs to their neighbors.


Like this was not accepted. Oh. This was not an a thing that everybody was doing. In fact, they were very disconnected from their neighbors because of it. And they considered their neighbors quote sinners and dangerous to their souls. So this is where I say this is the dangerous thing because this isn't like their set of rules that they're only keeping for themselves. Yeah. This is them breeding an idea in that household that people around you are evil. Right. And demonic. And that they are going to be the reason you don't get to heaven. Yeah. It's giving ed gain's mom. Yeah. So it gives the, it gives the idea like you gotta do what you gotta do to make sure that you get to go to heaven.


And it's also just creating like a crazy amount of isolation. Oh. Any a young child's life. Wild amount. Like among other things, Plymouth brethren forbid any forms of entertainment, sports or celebration. Oh That's really sad. And reading is strictly limited to the Old Testament Bible and that's it. Oh my God. How boring. Yeah. And a child. That's it. No kids need other stuff. Like your mind has to develop Yeah. Past just like, it's fine if you're like religious obviously Of course. Like that can play a Part in your life. But religious harbor is dangerous. That's the thing. It's like that can't be your whole Life.


Yeah. It's when it becomes to this extent that it's, that gets Dangerous. Yeah. You have to be allowed to enjoy other Things. In fact, John Sr would frequently say to his son, it's a sin to be happy in this world. What? Yeah. I mean. I guess I'm not sitting No, I'm just kidding. Yeah. It's like, So just joking. I'm just joshing. No, but he really would say that to his son. Holy shit. And John Junior's early life was devoted entirely to trying to avoid the actual, like the infinite list of sin that was told to be to him, to be in the world around him. Wow. And had to be, he had to make sure he was obsessed with behaving in a way that would please God and ensure his spot in heaven.


That's So much. 'cause The whole message is like everyone around you is a sinner. Everyone around you is demonic and they are all doing everything they can to trick you into a path that will lead to you not being allowed to go to heaven. Yikes. And you will displease God. And this is like a child. Yeah. But like the financial strain in the womb though, you Know that that was really it. I think that's probably, that did the worst damage. Yeah. Now believing the modern world to be very wicked and sinful and happy. That wasn't very happy. That wasn't just like, you know, rhetoric for this family. It was a genuine belief. It was a belief that everyone around them, their neighbors, people they met, pe, family, friends, anybody.


They were a true, true threat to their eternal souls. Like that is the idea here. Yikes. And in order to protect his family from this John Sr. Built a 10 foot tall fence around the house and would not let John Jr go out in the yard or leave the yard. That's so Dark. Yeah. Instead John Jr would just spend all of his free time indoors with his mother or just sitting in the house in a room practicing hymns on the organ for hours and hours. Oh that could drive you Absolutely mad. Yeah. One reporter said he just sat there and dreamed dreams of a grim world of religious fantasy.


Oh God. But the financial strain in the womb. That's that. There it is. It's wild that she pointed to that. I was like, really? That's all you can point to. Not the isolation, but despite their fears of the outside world and the intense isolation that they put their child through, John's parents did know that a good education was something of value. Okay. That's Good. So they encouraged their son to, and and, and they kinda went too hard on this too 'cause they really encouraged perfection at school. Where he went to Wakefield grammar school. He was remembered by his teachers as a good boy and a model scholar. I bet. But some of his teachers did call him a mischievous boy. But I think that's just like little kids.


Oh He was just trying to have fun when he wasn't at home. Yeah, exactly. And that said this like enforced isolation that he was under all the time. Especially from his peers and anyone else that meant that he had no friends and he really didn't ever interact with kids his age. He, he was always around two adults. Right. At all times. And so he spent a lot of time, like he didn't really, he wasn't good at making friends. Yeah. and he spent a lot of time alone. But he did develop, and this later we're gonna find out like it's weird that he changes, but he developed a real love of animals. He used to really dote on rabbits that he found in the woods. and he would feed the neighbor neighborhood, stray dogs and cats.


Like he was very, I think he just wanted friends. Oh, that's really sad. Yeah. Like you feel sad for the child. Sad for the child. Of course. Now following his graduation from high school in 1926, things started to take a turn. Like he was suddenly seeing that there Was another side to the World. So John Junior went to work for an engineering firm where he trained as a motor mechanic. His father had worked as an engineer most his life. Wow. So, so John Junior did have a strong interest in mechanical engineering. and he was actually hoping to follow in his father's footsteps because again, that's literally all he knew. Yeah. But within a few months he found that the pace of the job and like the amount of manual labor, It's a lot Involved in, it was a little too taxing for him.


He was very smart, but he was a little lazy and he was disinclined towards physical work. And, I. Think that's a lot of The. Times. I, I think that's like, 'cause was he really doing a whole lot? I'm sure nobody was coming to their house. Their house probably wasn't like Yeah. He wasn't probably doing a ton of chores in that house. You know, like he just, who knows, he just sat around all day. And so that's the Old Testament and played hymns on the organ. That's what He was used to. So it's like now that he's being asked to like do work and he's like, I don't know what that is. He's like, that's a lot bro. He's like, I don't know, can I just sit and read this bible though? And they're like, no you can't. They're Like, that's not the job title At all. So he wasn't loving it. So he was not willing to put in the work at the engineering firm. and he quit and afterwards he took a desk job at an insurance company.


Okay. And that's where he discovered that he did have quite a knack for numbers and accounting. Oh, okay. 'cause again, he's a smart kid. Yeah. By 1930 he had moved onto a larger, more specialized insurance company that also had like a focus on advertising. So here he was very successful, but then his employer suspected that he was the one that had been stealing from the office cash box. Oh. and he got fired. That's A sin. Yeah. Stealing As we'll. See he takes a turn away from religion I guess. So yeah. So he got fired. But undeterred and at 21 years old he started his own advertising company.


Northern Electric Newspapers Limited. Okay. Which actually made a pretty brief appearance on the London Stock Exchange. Wow. Like probably successful At 21 too. Yeah. That's a, that's crazy. Which again, sad because it looks like he had some promise here and like Just used potential to a Yeah, to a point. And then I'm assuming, and He goes completely unuse and he took, again, he was very intelligent. He had some skills that he really could have used. And in this moment, like at this time he, it gave him the appearance of being successful. Even though he wasn't doing like a lot of real work and his confidence and ability to persuade others. He was very charming. He somehow gained some charm and charisma through being isolated.


don don't really know how, I Wonder if he just like watched people for like, I think that was kind of studied people. I think you're absolutely right with that. I think that's part of his thing is he studies people and takes pieces of other people's Yeah. Personalities. 'cause we'll see him do that when he tries to get an insanity defense as well. Okay. I so I totally agree with you. But this was also, like you just said, he, he watches people. This was going to be like a pretty critical thing in his crim criminal development as well. I had a feeling. Yeah. He, in the next couple of years, he started running a number of petty scams in the leads area. 'cause again, he doesn't really wanna work for his money. Yeah. He just Wants It easy. Like he just doesn't Easy.


Yeah. So he started defrauding local businesses of like small amounts of money. Or he would just skip out on bills for services and see what he could get away with. Oh That's shitty. Yeah. That's like HH Holmes. Yeah. It's fucked up now. Four years after starting his company, the first big thing occurred in John's life. A big major event on July 6th. I dunno why I said July. And then you said sixth July 6th. 1934. I need a speech pathologist. Yes. He married his girlfriend. 21-year-old Beatrice Hammer. Okay, cool. What a sick fucking name. Beatrice Hammer. This marriage was like a shock to everyone. Yeah. 'cause they were like, who? What? It happened really fast.


You're Dating someone. Like, everybody was just like, what are you talking about? In very much so in Beatrice's family. 'cause the PO had been dating like almost no time at all. Huh? And they knew nothing about him, her family. Oh, so they were like what? Her sister, Rose Williams told a reporter, Beatrice was married without our family knowing after a very quick courtship. And she said after her wedding, Beatrice had written home saying what a wonderful man Haigh was and how kind he had been. And she said, but within 12 months of marriage they were separated after Haigh had received a jail sentence. Oh no. So So they were like, spoiler alert. Yeah. Super kind man. Yeah.


Whenever I come home after like a long day at work or even like if I've been away from home for a little bit, one thing that I love to do the most that really just makes me feel cozy and comfy is I go into my little den And. I curl up in my comfy chair. And I. Open my book up. And I. Just stay there for hours. There's no better feeling than loving your home. And Wayfair makes it easy to create a space where you can relax, unwind, no matter the season. It is the place to shop for every home from living room seating that fits the whole family to bedroom finds that help you cozy up and snuggle in. One of my favorite pieces in my den is this really cozy chair that we have. It's actually, it's from Wayfair obviously. It's called the Ray Upholstered Armchair. And we got it in this, it's called Reddish Brown velvet. But to me it kinda looks like a mauve pink. It just fits the space so well. It looks like it was made for the space and it is so comfortable. I love it. Wayfair is the go-to destination for everything home. No matter your style or budget. There's a Weber hood in every zip code brought to life by everyone who makes their home truly their own with Wayfair. And it is good to come home when you live in the Weber hood. Visit Wayfair dot com or download the Wayfair app. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's really easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. But when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are even more important than ever. Personally, I believe so much in therapy. If I have like two weeks without therapy, I just actually had two weeks without therapy 'cause I was on vacation and then my therapist was on vacation. I notice a difference in the way that I am operating. And boy do I operate better when I just have a little me time to chat with my therapist about what's going on in my life. So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Never skip therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


Now, after experimenting with some small con jobs in the early 1930s, he started ramping it up. He's doing these little petty things. He's defrauding some businesses, seeing What he can get Away with, seeing what he can get away with. Totally rebelling against that, that religious upbringing Evidently. But it seems to have occurred to him at some point during this that there was easier ways of making money than putting in any kind of hard work. 'cause you're seeing it work. Yeah. Like you're seeing these frauds and these comms actually pay off Right. Later he would say, I did not ask myself whether I was doing right or wrong. That seemed to me to be irrelevant, which is shocking and very against what he had had drilled into him his entire life.


Yeah. Which it's like that just went, You wonder though, that fired, if he just I mean it must've been really tough to grow up in the household that he did. So he probably has some kind of like dissonance, disassociation, disassociative personality where he can just turn it on and turn it off. Yeah. Or something where he like compartmentalizes pieces of things. You know what I mean, where it's just like, yeah, I didn't even think about that. Like something that should be used as a coping mechanism, but on the on its on it head, the could be used as something not So great. It's very strange. Very interesting. Yeah. But because of this, because he didn't really care if it was right or wrong, John began running a scam on local car dealerships.


He would buy cars under fake names and then he would arrange to pay them on an installment plan, but then turned around and sold those cars to himself to someone else to make a profit. And when the dealership would've inevitably start looking for the payments on these vehicles, they only had fake names and fake phone numbers. Shit. So they couldn't find whoever bought It. How do you even think of that? Yeah. And the scam worked for a few months, but then he was caught in November, 1934 and he was sentenced to 15 months in jail for forgery and fraud. Yeah. Now, not long before he went to jail for that, John and Beatrice had learned that she was pregnant. Oh no. The forgery and fraud charge, along with the prison sentence had apparently changed Beatrice's opinion of her new husband.


And not long after he started serving his sentence, she decided they should be separated. Oh, that's really sad. The shame of this whole arrest business very deeply affected Beatrice. And she actually ultimately decided to put the baby Pauline up for adoption as well. Oh wow. She told her family, she quote, did not want to bring her up as the daughter of a jailbird. Oh. Which I was like, you Could bring her up differently. Yeah. Like You could take care of her. She'd Be like, you're my daughter. Yeah. I'm bringing you up as my kid. Yeah. But John was released from prison after serving a little more than a year of his sentence. And then he moved back in with his parents. Huh. And his parents lent him money to start a dry cleaning company. But the company fell apart after his business partner was killed in a car accident.


Oh wow. And John was forced to close the whole thing. That's sad Now. Hayes jail time and his tendency to not be able to keep jobs didn't really seem to have much of an effect on his reputation, surprisingly. and he kept making contacts in the Bills business world. Wow. Like he was able to charm that. You can tell you he must be very adept at being charming. Yeah. Because those are the kind of guys where you go, how did no one fucking catch on? Yeah. But then you're like, he's got that thing like he just did. He's a Leo man. There you go. One leads area lawyer told a reporter after Haigh was arrested, I could not help liking him because of his charm. He seemed to be a harmless type with an amazing imagination.


His manner of speech was almost entrancing. But a person of ordinary intelligence soon realized that beneath his charm and personality, he was a shallow individual. Yikes. But like on the, on the surface surface, people are saying like he was almost entrancing. Which is like shocking. Like it's like shocking. Fascinating. But then you think he probably grew up watching Yeah. Like a priest or whoever led the surfaces, The surface speak. Oh, services speak. Yeah. And studied that behavior. And their whole thing is they have to be, you know, and Then Applied that you know, that you have to keep an attention of a large group of people. Yeah. And also he just had nothing but time. Right. Nothing but time to work these things out and to, you know, now no longer bound to leads by, you know, the a job, a wife, anything, anything.


He spent nearly two years just drifting around northern England and Scotland going through several scams, like several little fraud things and just get getting money along the way. And during this time, he would pose as a solicitor calling himself William Adamson. Okay. And as this alias, he would offer to handle business transactions for wealthy clients. But when the time came to actually hand over the money, he would just disappear with their investments. Oh, That's so fucked up. Yeah. And the, this brief period of transient eventually led him to London. And there in 1936, he found work as a chauffeur to a man named William Mc Swan, who was the owner of several successful amusement parks in arcades.


Oh, that's cool. A very wealthy man. Now John spent several months working for the mc Swan family and became very close friends with their son Donald's mix one, then he left the job and returned to his criminal ways because like why have a job? Ew. You know, and John once again tried the solicitor fraud scheme this time in Surrey. But he was quickly arrested for defrauding someone of 3000 pounds, which is about $50,000. Jesus American in 2024. In November, 1937, he was sentenced to four years in prison for fraud. So John was released from prison in August, 1940, just before the German army started their blitz campaign in England during World War ii.


And quickly he found work as a fire warden in Victoria London a few, which is like, to me that seems like what a jump. Like you just like come out of prison, you're like fire warden. Yeah. Like what? That seems like an important job. I it all I don. Like how did that happen? But a few months later in February, 1941, Haigh along with many other young men in the country registered for military service. Yeah. At the Haigh of the war. It's likely John would have been sent to fight at this time. Like in, it's interesting to think of what would've happened if he did. But in June, 1941, just six months after he left prison, he was arrested for stealing household goods. He was still on parole from his earlier conviction.


So he was sent back to Lincoln Prison to serve the remaining 22, 21 months of his sentence. Oh wow. So he failed to attend the scheduled medical review for military service in 1943 and he avoided serving in the military. Wow. It is crazy to think like what could have happened. So many people could still, you know, could Haigh lives. Yeah. Now, once again, he seems to have ignored any moral or religious training that he had growing up just in favor of quick, easy money. Yeah. Like he doesn't seem to be looking back on any kind of lessons that he learned, good, bad or otherwise. No. and he is just going his own way at this point.


He told several prisoners at one point, if you're going to go wrong, go wrong in a big way. Like me go after women rich old women who like a bit of flattery. That's your market if you're after big money. And I'm like, how did you learn that? Like, yeah. I'm just fascinated by how he came to learn all of this. I am very fascinated by that. But as he had done so many other times in his life, he charmed the prisoners, he charmed the guards in prison and eventually he got an easy job in the prisons tinsmith shop. And that's where he learned to work with acid and other chemicals for the first time. The Fuck were they given prisoners acid To work with for Yes. Some saying here, just Use this.


And during this time he managed to convince the inmates working in the field to bring, and this is like a trigger warning for animal cruelty. Oh no. To bring him any field mice that they captured. Field mice are the cutest things you have ever seen in your life. They're so cute. and he would kill those field mice and then he would dissolve them and sulfuric acid that was kept in the shop. And people were just like, yeah, sounds good. Yeah. They were just like, sure, I'll bring you some. Like what, Who the fuck was out there collecting field mice for this dude? And what was he saying was his reason for this? Like, was he being like, I just wanna dissolve them in acid? And they were like, sure. I wonder if He said that he was like experimenting or something. Yeah, It's truly bonkers.


According to Neil Root who wrote Frenzy The First Great Tabloid Murders New York, who will will link the the source in the show notes. He said he found that within 10 minutes the acid darkened and the temperature rose to 100 degrees Celsius. After 30 minutes only black sludge remained of the mice. That's important for later. I don't wanna know that. So John was released from Lincoln Prison in mid-September 1943, and he moved back in with his parents for a brief period of time. Oh, how lucky for them. Yeah. And then he ended up renting a small room in London, and while he was there, he got another job, like actual job. He got a job as a bookkeeper for Hurst Leah products.


If Haigh had any plans for starting up another fraud scheme at this point, I'm sure he did. They were derailed pretty early in 1944 because he was in a car accident himself. Oh shit. He did receive a bad cut to his head. The accident itself was minor, but this event would go on to play an important role in Hay's criminal evolution. At least he would claim later. Okay. That it did. That he got like a head injury. Huh. but it wasn't that bad. Okay. Yeah. So it was just convenient. He used a lot of things later now in the summer of 1944 while drinking at the goat on High Street, a bar, the goat Kensington. Yeah. That's fun. The goat Haigh ran into the son of his old employer one Donald to Mc Swan.


Oh yes. So the meeting was like a total chance occurrence, like nobody planned this. Yeah. But the two had spent many nights drinking their years earlier when Haigh was employed by the Mc Swans. So Neil Root, who I just mentioned suggests that Haigh had maybe been staking out the location in order to run into him again. but it does seem like it could go either way. Yeah. Like we can't really prove that he was, because it's very likely he could have run into him at this place. Yeah. But either way, weird, who knows? Now, at the time John Haigh was jobless and honestly was on the brink of being homeless at the time. So it would've made sense for him to look up his former boss to maybe ask for his job back.


Right. But why he would need to do so in secret is the thing that's a little unclear. Like why wouldn't you just go and ask him unless he pissed somebody off there. McDonald's the son. Yeah. You never know. But whatever it was, he did manage to run into Donald Swan and he seemed happy to see him and they seemed happy to see each other after so many years. It was a good meeting. All right. And Donald Mc Swan, despite his family's vast wealth and privilege, he didn't really have a lot of close friends or relationships. Like I think he was a little isolated. Not intentionally or anything. Yeah. But according to author Gordon Lowe, the only people who appeared to have any real interest in him were his parents.


That's I mean. It makes sense. Yeah. But it's sad. Yeah. So Donald McSwane quickly found work for Haigh collecting rents from the renters of the mi swans many properties around the place. And the two men rekindled their friendship. So he helped, he helped John get work. Yeah. Like right away was like, oh, I'll help you out. A good guy work for us. So they spent a few months in a pretty close new rekindled friendship, which is nice. And during that time, Haigh got to enjoy the benefits of having a very wealthy friend. and he never, and this wealthy friend never hesitated to spend his money on those closest to him. Oh. Like Donald Swan would treat his friends like he used his money for good. I'm very nervous for Donald Mc Swan.


Then in early September, 1944, Donald Mc Swan disappeared without a Trace. No. Why do you have to tell me these things? I'm sorry. His parents were very surprised. Oh. He had some close relationships with like, you know, the men that he casually socialized with in bars around Kensington. Yeah. Who were also very surprised that he was just nowhere to be found. Right. In mid-September, like I said, he didn't have a lot of close friends, but he did have acquaintances. In mid-September, John Haigh contacted Donald's parents, Amy and Donald Sr. and he told them their son had gone up to Scotland to disappear. and he implied that he had done so to avoid the military draft.


So since their son had a recent history of draft dodging and no real interest in joining the military and had repeatedly expressed this disinterest to them, they believed it. They readily accepted this explanation without Question. And it was probably easier to to accept than anything else. Yeah, Of course. But The truth was something pretty unimaginable In his confession given to police later following his arrest, John Haigh claimed that one night in early September after Donald and he had been drinking for several hours, they returned to the workshop that John Haigh had been renting, and he experienced a sudden need for blood. What? So he struck Donald Swan over the head with a piano leg, and then God slit his throat, His friend, his friend who had been so good to him, taking care of him and giving him a job.


John then left Donald's body in the workshop overnight and returned the following day. And then he put his body into a 40 gallon metal drum and poured sulfuric acid over it until he was fully submerged. Two days later, he said that the body had been reduced to a foul smelling blackish porridge streaked with blood. My God. He said he was then able to dump that blackish porridge streak with blood into a nearby manhole drain. and he was gone Just to think that he could do that to somebody, his friend, who he had known for so many years and bonded with. Yep. Like just make them completely disappear.


Yep. Because you wanted to, you just needed you, you quote unquote needed to. Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah. And now that Donald is dead murdered and his disappearance is explained away to his parents right now. Hey. Then continued writing several letters to Donald's parents posing as him Oh, that's sick. Yep. In the letters where, and he posted them from Scotland to keep up the whole roofs that he was in Scotland. He explained that he wanted to transfer his properties to his friend John Haigh. Stop It. and he wanted John Haigh to look after them until he could return to England.


Wow. With no reason to doubt this. 'cause he was a good friend. Donald's parents didn't object to this. This is like Saltburn. It really is. It truly is actually. Yeah. Yes. Now, in the summer of the following year, the war had started to wind down and was kind of coming to an end. And the mc Swans assumed their son would be coming back from Scotland because he wouldn't be worried about the draft anymore. But fearing that his murder might finally be discovered, John called the Mi Swans and told them that Donald was finally coming home and wanted to get together with them as soon as he arrived. And in a letter sent from Scotland, he posed as Donald their son and arranged to have Donald Sr.


And Amy Donald's parents come to his basement workshop on Gloucester Street on July 2nd. And they were so excited to see their son again. Of course They were. So they were like, of course we'll meet you. Yeah. On the night of the second they arrived at the workshop and they were met by John Haigh and he said, oh, of course Donald's inside. But he said, you should come inside separately. Not at the same time, because we don't wanna arouse any suspicions because you know, like Donald's still technically on the lamb here. He's a draft dodger. So like we don't wanna make anybody think that you're coming to see them. And it's not gonna be suspicious if one of us just hangs out outside. Yeah, no, no, no. To what this made sense to them at the time.


And again, they have no reason to not trust John Haigh. Yeah. Who is a friend and Afu previous employee. Yeah. So Haigh led Donald Sr inside and down into the basement workshop. And after they went into the basement, John Haigh closed the door behind them, and before anything else happened, Haigh struck him on the back of the head with an iron bar and killed him instantly. Holy Shit. He then hid his body somewhere out of view. Oh my God. And then escorted Amy Swan into the same basement and did the exact same thing to her. Oh, That's so sad. Both of them were dead within minutes. Yeah.


Now with the both dead, he stripped them of all their s any objects that he thought either he could sell, he could keep, or objects that he believed would survive dissolving in the acid. What the fuck? and he kept them all. And then he dissected their bodies, cut them into pieces, piled them into large steel, a large steel bathtub together that he had placed in the corner of this basement. And over the next three days, the remains of the mixed swans were left to dissolve in a solution of sulfuric and hydrochloric acid. Holy Shit. And once they were completely dissolved, he dumped their remains down the drain in the center of the same floor in the basement.


Oh my God. Yeah. All just for some properties. Yep. For money. Now, during a later interrogation, detectives asked John Haigh, if the Swans had like easily and readily accepted your story about their son's disappearance, why would you kill them? Like they weren't even asking you. Yeah. Like they weren't suspecting you, they Just thought he was alive and in Scotland. Like They accepted what you said. And now it was like you could have just got away with that and they would've thought he just ran to Scotland and they couldn't get ahold of him again. Yeah. and he said for the same reason I got rid of Mac, which he was referring to Donald Jr. Okay. That's a nickname.


Okay. He said I needed the money and they had a few properties between them. So you just wanted more properties. Yeah. He just wanted more and more Money. Yeah.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


A, this episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy, heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community. And the local detectives feel these atrocities are eerily personal. As of someone or something is taunting her, starring Niecy Nash bets Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs. Grotesquery premiered September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu.


Okay. And yes, in the days that followed, he forged a Power of Attorney document the fuck, giving himself full control of all the Mic Swan's assets. And then he sold them all. Whoa. And he sold all their belongings, all their valuables. and he also left a note for the couple's landlord. Landlord. Why do we say that? Every time? It Always happens. Every time. It's actually very funny. I think it's better I mean it is landlord. No, the couple's landlady and let her know that they had quote, gone away to America and didn't know when they'd be back. All right. Yep. Now, Amy and Donald Mc Swan also had very few close friends.


Oh. And no close relations around. And I'm sure he knew that. Yeah, of course. He admits that later. So no one really noticed when they disappeared. And honestly they, they left a note saying that they went to America. So everyone was just like, okay. Yeah. If you're Not super close with people Yeah. The profits from the sale of the family's properties and valuables. Let John Haigh quit his job. I Mean. Yeah. He gotta quit his job. And it really funded a very increasingly lavish lifestyle over the next two years. and he was not gonna be willing to give up, I'm sure. Nope. And this included taking a room at the Onslow Court Hotel, which was like expensive, big deal. Now despite this big sum of money from the mc Swan Estate that he literally just stole after he murdered them all, the entire family, John Haigh continued to experiment with different scams and fraud schemes during this whole period, including one where he posed as a fake patent liaison officer and even opened up an office in Kensington under this fake like, fuck whole thing.


But none of his fraud schemes really. Like they gave him some money, but they weren't lucrative enough to keep up the lifestyle that he was becoming used to. Right. And by 1947, he found himself pretty desperately in need of money again to keep it going. And he had absolutely no intention of earning it the right way. Yeah, I'm sure. Yeah. So in the fall of 1947, he came across a property listing for a property in lad bro Ladbroke Square. and he was like, you know what, I wanna buy that. So he couldn't come up with the money at the time, but like whatever. Yeah. But he kept in touch. Money's money. Yeah. Who needs that? But he kept in touch with the owners, Dr. Archibald, Archie Henderson and his wife Rose. Oh, Archibald and Rose.


Archibald and Rose at the time, John Haigh did still have some money left from the Swan Estate. So he wasn't like super desperate at this time. He just knew it was going to come to a point where he would be desperate. Yeah. But, and he just, he was like, I don't wanna get to that point, And, I'm gonna try to come up with a scheme this time. Right. So he kept, he built a very close relationship with the wealthy, Hendersons Rose and Archibald. and he kept it going, kept it going. Shortly after meeting though, rose wrote a letter to her brother and in it she said, of the scores of stupid people I've met, I've just been introduced to the stupidest of them all. I offered him 22 lad broke square lock, stock, and barrel for 8,750 pounds.


and he said, that's too cheap, but if you'll accept 10,500, it's a deal. Like he wanted, he was like, I'll pay more. Meanwhile, he didn't have that. What the fuck? And in the response to that, her brother wrote, and this, this is chilling. Oh God. Because her brother wrote, when you meet a man who talks like that, you should run for your life. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. Now, like Donald Mc Swan Jr. The Hendersons were very generous with people they cared about. They didn't hoard their wealth with their friends. They're very generous hosts, you know, happy to spend money on anybody including their newest like kind of acquaintance John Haigh and like, Hey Archie Henderson liked to drink and gamble on the horses.


So they got along together. They had fun. Yeah. And so John Haigh spent several months getting super close to this couple gambling betting on the horses with Archie, like spending time with him, knowing the whole time what he is gonna do. Yeah. And by February, 1948, none of his other schemes had managed to bring in enough money like he was hoping. So he was now behind on his rent and he was desperate. Oh no. So after moving from his tiny room after the mc Swan murders, John Haigh had also moved his workshop and its contents to a new space in nearby Crawley. In mid-February, he told Archie that he had some samples of a new product he wanted to show him and thought maybe it would be a good investment venture for Archie.


And Archie loved an investment venture. So he was eager to hear about this. And Archie agreed to go with John Haigh to his workshop. He was like, hell yeah. and he brought with him several hundred dollars in cash, don't go there. Given how accustomed he was to the finer things in life, one would assume the messy and unkempt state of this workshop and the surrounding land might have triggered something of a little bit of a confusion for Henderson. But he was just too excited about an investment opportunity. and he was like, whatever. Yeah, you just bought it, it's fine. Like don't worry about it. You know, this is not a big deal. Once inside John Haigh didn't waste any time from his pocket, he pulled out a revolver that he had stolen from the Henderson house, stop a few days earlier.


and he shot Archie in the back of the head before the door had even closed behind him. Oh my God. His own revolver with Archie now dead, he stripped him of all the valuables on his body and anything that he thought wouldn't dissolve an acid and things he could sell. and he loaded his body into one of the drums of acid that had arrived at the workshop a few days earlier. So he had planned this all out. Now before this, this whole method of disposing of his victims had been very crude and very sloppy and very like chaotic. Yeah. But this time he had prepared, okay. He had ordered the barrel ahead of time. He had gotten the proper safety attire.


So while he's doing this, he's wearing an army issue gas mask to protect himself from the noxious fumes. Oh my God. But how fucking terrifying is that visual? Very of him loading this man's body into an acid bath while wearing an army issue. Gas mask Sounds like a horror film. It really does. It like, makes me think of like repo the genetic opera. Yeah. But once Archie Henderson's body was fully submerged in the acid, he sealed the lid and removed everything that he was wearing. And then he pad locked the workshop and just left. Returned to town. Alright. So John went back to the Henderson's residence where Rose was waiting for her husband panicking, I'm sure.


and he said, rose, I'm so sorry, Archie had a heart attack. Okay. And it's not looking good for him. And she said, he literally said, you are not to worry dear, but I think it's best you come now. And so she was very concerned and she trusted this man. So she agreed and left and they went to the workshop. They got there very quickly, and once they were in the workshop, John Haigh pulled the gun out and shot her in the back of the head as well. And disposed of her remains the exact same way that he disposed of her husband. Oh yeah. I wasn't expecting that. Yep. When detectives asked, asked if they would find any evidence of the Hendersons, when they searched the workshop, John Haigh said, just a bit of sludge.


Oh. And possibly a left foot. I had a bit of trouble with him. That's so fucking gross. And crude and dark. So dark. Like beyond dark, Sinister. And these are people who he had spent months cozying up to. Yeah. And spending time with and like having leisure time with. Yeah. And getting to know and That's wild. Yeah. It was during that same interview that John Haigh continued to push this whole like vampire killer mythos that he did where you said like, I needed blood. Oh God. and he told the detectives I should have added that. I took a glass of blood from each of them as I did with each of the Mc swans.


Doubt it. Nobody knows if he really did that or if he was just pushing the insanity. What The press started doing once they found out that he had said he needed, he had like a lust for blood. It also makes him sound insane. Exactly. But like the Swans, the Hendersons were, like we said, very wealthy and had very little close relatives and close friends. Oh no. And after putting Rose Henderson's body in the acid barrel, John Haigh returned to the Hotel Metropole where the three of them had been staying and paid the bill for all three of them using money he'd received from Pawning Rose's jewelry right away. Wow. And cash that he had taken from Archie's body. Yeah. Before putting him into the barrel. Once those things were all covered, 'cause he took care of all the immediate stuff he started working on, you know, the longer thing, he forged a power of attorney, you gotta transferring their assets all over to him.


And then he quickly sold all of them. He also wrote a few letters explaining their disappearances and he sent those from various posts up and down the British coast. This guy's fucked. Yeah. He posed as he would pose as either Archie or Rose in these letters. and he explained that the couple had decided to do some traveling. They were going as far as South Africa and they were gonna be gone for several months. And in fact, that summer, John Haigh used the money that he got from killing them to take a trip to Vienna and South Africa himself. What the fuck? Yep. And while he was there, he made sure to send some postcards to Rose's brother to keep up the whole thing.


He sent them as Rose And he like, he must figure out how to make the, his handwriting at least looks similar to these peoples. Yep. And somebody mentions it later. One of, I believe Rose's friend, it's either Rose or the next woman. They say that when they got the handwriting it looked similar but it was bigger. Yeah. And it did strike them as a little off, but they didn't, it wasn't off enough for them to Wow. So he, so he studies their handwriting, which is wild. Yeah. So the money from the Henderson murders kept John Haigh going for another two years. Two years. Didn't have to work by, by the end of 1948, he found himself running a little low because he was, it's not like he was using that money wisely.


Yeah. But he immediately started thinking about his next victim. 'cause now it works. That being the case, it was definitely in his best, in his benefit. That Oslo Court Hotel where he was staying, had a ton of older, wealthy people that were residents there. And they loved him there. Of course. 'cause he is a charmer. Yeah. He's younger, relatively to them. Yep. He's charismatic, you know, like he's got it all. They love him and he is sucking up to them. He is good at it. In fact, by the end of 1948, John Haigh had already been spending considerable time with 69-year-old widow Olive Durant Deacon. No, she was a woman with tons of money.


I mean she had more money than all of his victims combined. Oh God. So Olive had been married for many years to a military colonel, but he died unexpectedly in 1938. And she was a widow much earlier than she'd expected to be. Yeah. And she was struggling with his loss, I'm sure. Like she was genuinely grieving him. Yeah. And she had massive amount wealth, mostly from like stock holdings. So she's lonely and wealthy. Yeah. She's very wealthy. She would be financially secure for the rest of her life. Like she didn't have to worry about anything, but she was grieving. Yeah. So after moving into the Onslow in 1943, she mostly just spent her days like socializing with the other residents.


Like just trying to like live her life. Like get past, yeah. Like fill it with some happiness, the loss of her husband. And recently Olive had started spending her lunches with John Haigh. No, she thought he was well-mannered, very courteous. And she described him at one point as having a glint in his eye that makes him interesting. Wow. By February, 1949, John Haigh had once again found himself right at that desperations door. Yep. He had made a lot of money from murdering the Hendersons, but he had also developed a very serious gambling habit in the years since that. Okay. And unfortunately for him, he would lose a lot more than he would win. He was a bad gambler as well.


And also his bank account had been overdrawn for several days at this point, and he had fallen behind in rent. So there we are on the afternoon of February 14th. Yes. Valentine's Day. Hey. Found Olive in a friend eating lunch in the Oslo's dining room and walked up to them a few days earlier. They had actually, him and Olive had been discussing an idea that Olive had, that Olive had come up with for artificial fingernails. Oh shit. Like, she had like come up with this idea and she had brought him a prototype. Wow. Like, she was like, Oh. 'cause also she probably thinks he could again manure patent. Yeah, Exactly.


And she's sitting here thinking like, you know what I mean? I know I'm like super wealthy, but like, I'm gonna keep thinking of ways to just like get through this grieving process. Yeah. And if using my brain does that, then why not? And She's 69 and just like coming up with inventions, Coming up with prototypes. That's amazing. And she gave him the prototype in a small tin box. And this was exactly the opportunity he needed to lure her to the workshop that he had rented. Yep. So he wasted no time. He told her he could be of great value in this new venture, and they made a plan to get together. At the end of the week later after his arrest, he told police she was in vag into going to Crowley by me in view of her interest in artificial fingernails.


It's like tempted Or like And? I, like in vagal is a, a very interesting word for like being led. Yeah. Like deceived. Now, on the morning of February 18th, John drove with Olive to his workshop in Crawley. And as always, olive was very impeccably and you know, probably overdressed for the occasion. Good for her. She was wearing a Persian lamb coat and loaded with diamond and gold jewelry queen. And along the way they talked about Olive's business idea. And John Haigh told her he had actually developed a special kind of paper that he thinks could be used in this whole process and the development. So they're like buddies here. Yeah. Once they got to the workshop, he led Olive inside.


And this time though, he didn't just immediately kill her. Instead he pulled two pieces of red paper from his briefcase and put them in front of Olive and kept the roofs going. Like, this is the paper. Take a look at it, see if this is the kind of thing you're looking for. Yeah. So she bent down to get a closer look at the paper. and he reached into a hat box that he bought from the, brought from the car, pulled out the revolver that he'd stolen and used on the Hendersons. Yep. And just as Olive was about to turn around and say something, he raised the gun to the back of her head and pulled the trigger. God. And she died instantly. So Olive has now been murdered and John Haigh started his routine of removing every valuable piece that is on her.


And that was a lot. Yeah. Once he'd removed it all, he decided he didn't actually, he was so excited that Yeah. So excited that he just couldn't wait to find out what the total would be when he pawned all this stuff. So he left Olive's body in the workshop and then took everything to the pawn shop in Crawley and sold all the jewelry in the coat while her body still lay in his workshop. How fucked is this dude? Wasted no time. Oh my God. And. I'm assuming these are like pro, some of these things are like one of a kind pieces. Oh, I'm sure. So it's Like, I'm sure. So he's getting shit tons of money too. And I'm just like waiting for the pawn person to be like, why do you keep coming in here? Where'd get this? Or like, yeah, Exactly. But they don't care. Care. They don't ask questions.


Just here's the money. Oh. So he's got a ton of cash now. and he goes back to the workshop and he puts Olive's body into a 40 gallon barrel he'd purchased a few days earlier and he covered her body with sulfuric and hydrochloric acid mixture and then sealed the barrel and headed back to London. Now, in the past, John Haigh, like you had mentioned, he had chosen victims with very few social connections. Right. Or people that wouldn't, like you could make up a good story to say where they had gone. Yeah. Any questions that remained for those people of like where they were, even if time had gone by or the roofs had gone like, you know, fiddled on, he would still be able to avoid any of those questions or dismiss them for like a long time.


Especially with some well-timed and well-placed forged letters right. To distant family members. This time though, he was too desperate and he acted too impulsively because it was true that Olive was a widow and had no children. But she had lived for years at Onslow. She had made several close friends and one of those close friends all wondering where she is. Exactly. And one of those very close friends was Constance Lane. Another great name. Yeah. Constant flame. That sounds like a, like a great summer bee treat. It does actually. Or a good pen name. Oh my God. Constant. Yes. Now on Saturday, February 19th, Constance was eating breakfast at the Onslow and she was like, why hasn't Olive come down for breakfast?


Oh, olive was very routine. She was very predictable. She liked to be on her schedule. So this was very out of character. And as far as Constance knew, her friend hadn't been planning to go away on any trip. She would've let her know. Yeah. So she could only assume that Olive was sick. So she was worried. So after finishing her breakfast, she went up to Olive's room and found a chamber made to open the door. But she found that no one was inside. And that it also looked like no one had slept in the room the previous night. So Constance waited another day to see if Con, if Olive would show up, but she didn't show up on. And on the 20th she reported her missing. And all her things are just still in this room at the hotel. Exactly. Now, under normal circumstances here, the disappearance of an adult without any signs of fo foul play would probably be low priority.


But Olive was a very wealthy woman. Yeah. And Constance was a very wealthy woman. So shit was gonna get done. She's getting the double time here. So police went to the Onslow immediately and started questioning the residents. but it seems that none of the residents had a lot of information on where Olive could be. But the hotel's manager mentioned to Officer Sergeant Lambourne that one of their other residents, John Haigh, had been late with his rent recently. And that was unusual. And Lambourne had encountered John Haigh during this whole thing at one point, and actually immediately disliked him, liked him, which was not the normal reaction to John Haigh. Somebody Had an intuition. Exactly.


Later she would tell a reporter, she quote, and maybe 'cause she, she's a lady detective. She said she would, she instantly distrusted the smug and spiffy and spiffy Haigh. Love It. Yeah. She was like, I don't like him. Right from the jump. And this new information only made her more suspicious of him. Like, oh, okay. So he's late on his rent. Yeah. So while police started, kept quietly investigating olive's disappearance, a few days after her murder, the story actually made it to the London newspapers. Oh wow. One article said last night, an official at Scotland Yard State state that the police had been unable to trace a single person who had seen Mrs. Duran Deacon since she left the hotel.


The paper also noted that Olive rarely left the hotel at all. Right. But on this occasion, she quote was going with Mr. Haigh to visit a factory in Crawley.


Listen, I'm a girly who loves a holistic approach, but I also like science backed research. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I love SymbioticA. SymbioticA is a supplement brand that I love. And I Trust. I personally started taking SymbioticA because I would wake up in the morning and just notice that I was depleted of all my energy sources. But since taking their products, I have noticed that I have such improved energy. Right. Upon waking up SymbioticA supplements are formulated with high quality ingredients. SymbioticA is transparent about how and where they source their ingredients to ensure that you get the best products possible. Their formulas don't have any seed oils, preservatives, toxins, artificial additives, or any kind of natural flavors. I actually love the taste of SymbioticA. It's not, I feel like whenever I take a supplement, it's like Chalky, not symbio, Attica. It just tastes Mm. Scrumptious feel more energized, alert, and balanced with high quality supplements that work. Head over to symbiotica.com/ Morbid and use code Morbid for 20% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order.


While it was true that detectives at Scotland Yard hadn't zeroed in on any suspect thanks to Sergeant Lambourne, our girl there, they had now been informed of the officer's suspicions about Haigh. Amazing. So they had started investigating him? Yes. And they paid him a visit at the Onslow. Oh, Let's go. So for Sergeant Lambourne and the detectives at Scotland Yard, a theory had started to develop with a, within a few days of the missing report. In that time, they learned that Haigh had an extensive criminal history and a prison record. Record been in jail multiple times, a prison record. And the fact that Olive had last been seen in his company before she disappeared is a pretty big deal. And then they learned that he had been late with his rent several times, least recently.


But that that wasn't the norm before this. And then suddenly he had paid all his back rent with one large check. Huh. Imagine that. So when they first interviewed John Haigh at the hotel, he explained that he had gone with all of that day, but he had dropped her off in town. And then they'd planned to meet a few hours later in front of the Army Navy store. But she just never showed up. Okay. So after uncovering this lengthy criminal record of his detectives returned to John Haigh, but he just repeated the same story about her not showing up and that he was so concerned be when she didn't show up. I bet. And in fact, after he was arrested, detectives would comment about how unusually eager he seemed to locate her.


And that only made them more suspicious of him. They were like, you're, you're overacting it. This is bizarre, sir. This isn't genuine. Despite his story, investigators traced Haigh to the rented workshop in Crawley and they forced their way inside. And there they discovered a bizarre setup of barrels and chemicals. but it would be some sometime after that that they would learn what the purpose of these were. Okay. They just thought it was weird. Yeah. Among the belongings at the shop, they also discovered a revolver. The same one he had used to kill the Hendersons and Olive. And most importantly, they discovered a receipt from cottage cleaners for one Persian lamb coat.


He had it cleaned before he, he pawned it based on the evidence collected at the workshop. Police arrested John Haigh, On February 29 28. Yes. 1949. And charged him with the murder of Olive Duran Deacon. By that time, they had the receipt for the coat. They had a bunch of other compelling evidence, including the receipts from the pawn shop where John Haigh had sold his victim's belongings. Dude. But when they asked Haigh about the items found in the workshop and all the other evidence against him, he was like, don don't know. don don't know anything. Oh, I feel like you. Dude, luckily that didn't last long. Little by little they were able to pull it all out of him. At first he claimed to be a victim of blackmail.


and he said he hadn't said anything about that because quote, he knew other people would be dragged into the investigation. Sure. But that story just fell the fuck apart because he was unable to come with lit. Literally any details about that. Yeah. Like he said, that hoped it would fly. No nothing to back that up. Up. They were like, give me one more piece of information about that. and he iss like, don't have it. Yeah. Like, don don't know. don don't. I don't have it. I didn't mean it. So then seemingly aware that he had been caught in a lie, he turned to one of the detectives and said, tell me frankly, what are the chances of anyone being released from Broadmoor, which is an institution. Yes. So he was like, could I potentially be released out of there if I got put there?


Like he just asked just out of the blue. Just wanna know before he says anything else you, it's a totally unrelated question. Hey, I was just thinking the other day, hypothetically, would anybody be released there? So recognizing that he was trapped, he seemingly gave up the charade and started confessing while laying the groundwork for an insanity defense. Of course, when asked directly about what happened to Olive, he said, I've destroyed her with acid. You'll find the sludge that remains at Leopold Road Road. Every trace has gone, how can you prove murder? Murder if there's nobody? Oh, that's So sad. Yeah. I've destroyed her with acid Is what he said. And just when you really think about what he did with all these people, like there's no part Of them.


There's nothing left of them. Like that's so, and He poured them down sewer drains That Like, that's Sad. Gnarly. So sad. It's so dark. It's Like unthinkable. Yeah. John Haigh had spent most of his life, like, he's very much a narcissist. and he spent most of his life with a belief that he was the most intelligent in the room at any given time. and he demonstrated that in every single con job he pulled off every single fraud he pulled off. And with the murders of the mc Swans Hendersons and all of Duran Deacon I mean, While it was proved to him multiple times that he wasn't as smart as he thought because he got caught in almost times, almost every, actually all of the schemes that he did.


Yeah, exactly. But he thought with these murders, he got away with the perfect crime. 'cause he figured out a way to get rid of the bodies. Yes. But like most narcissists, he overplayed his hand. He assuming that, he assumed that they'd never builded a case against him because again, no bodies, what are you gonna do? Yep. But John Haigh became surprisingly eager to aid in the investigation because again, he's very, he's very confident that, yeah. That he's gonna get away with this. But also, like many killers, he misunderstood the Law. Great. He misunderstood Corpus Ecky, the provision of the law that stipulates, there must be evidence in order to provi prove a crime has been committed.


It doesn't require a body to prove a yes. It only requires evidence that the murder occurred in this case. There was shit, tons of biological material that could be traced back to olive and would conclusively confirm that she died in that workshop. Yep. Also, there was a growing number of circumstantial evidence that tied Haigh to the murder, including receipts and eyewitness accounts, Receipts, Proof, Screenshots, Timelines. There you go. There's ti. There's all of it. So in order to build an airtight case, investigators brought in Dr. Keith Sampson, which was one of Scotland yard's most wr, highly regarded pathologists.


While examining one of the barrels in the workshop, he said he unearthed with a stick from a massive whitish material just inside the factory gates, a piece of red plastic material. Later this material would be confirmed to be a piece of olives, red leather handbag. Oh, that's so sad. Haigh had thrown it into the barrel along with olive's body, assuming it would be destroyed by acid. It did not. Eventually investigators would haul, haul away more than 475 pounds of material. Holy shit. Two additional barrels, 28 pounds of fat, 18 pieces of bone and one set of dentures that would be a match of those created for all Durand Deacon.


Wow. That's incredible. Years later, in his autobiography, Keith Sampson, the pathologist wrote, despite whatever John Haigh might've thought, Hay's Labors had been in vain. The remains of Mrs. Duran Deacon were identified as surely as if her body had never been in that acid. Beth And I was like, wow. Hell yeah. They were. Oh my. That was all of working from beyond with all the other victims. Yeah. I totally believe it. And also like Keith motherfucking Sampson. Yeah. Also that that pathologist did his motherfucking job. That's incredible. He made sure every piece of biological material that they could trace back and here you go, was found like, he was like, oh, you think you're smart.


You think you can fuck with me? Like he was like, I'm, you can't actually make people disappear. I'm a ophthalmologist. Like, get outta here. Like, I love that. That's amazing. I love that. He was like, I, you think you have bested me with this bullshit. You think you're the smartest guy in the room. You can't get rid of that. You can't get rid of all of it. You idiot. So within days of his arrest, investigators had been working through Hayes belongings at the workshop and his room in the, at the Onslow, and they started finding evidence of Hayes other murders. Oh no. Neither the Hendersons nor the mc Swans had been reported missing to the police. Right. But when detectives followed up on the latest leads, they learned that all five of them had connections to John Haigh.


And none of them had been seen or heard from in a long time. Also, friends and family members of the Hendersons started coming forward with the letters and postcards that they got. Yep. This was the one I was talking about before. Rose Henderson's friend Daisy Roundtree told a reporter, she kept the correspondence because the handwriting is bigger than that, in which Mrs. Henderson wrote, boom. And she thought it was unusual as the evidence against him kept growing. John Haigh finally confessed to the additional murders of the Swans and the Hendersons. And this set the stage for one of the most sensational trials England had seen in several years. Oh, I bet. So it's clear from his confession that John Haigh had intended to pursue an insanity defense once it went to trial.


Yeah. He basically came out and said it. Yeah. And once that confession was leaked to the press, the case blew up in the media. And it was in large part because of the very macabre details that he would later elaborate on and use in in aid of his defense. Yeah. Among other things, the admission that he had drained his victims of their blood, which he later drank, he said, led to his being labeled a vampire killer in the press. I don't believe it. I don't think I believe it. In order to build his own lore and mythology too, he added to that legend and claimed quote, he had been drinking his own urine since he was a boy. No. Which I was like, maybe was, I feel like No, it should be noted though, that despite what was written about him in the papers and what he told reporters, there's a lot of skepticism when it comes to these claims.


Like a lot of people don't believe this. Yeah. It's never been proven. And in fact, during the trial, he was examined by several medical and mental health professionals. And quote, all of them stated that Haigh was probably malingering there. It's, in other words, the general consensus was that he was a consummate liar who twisted The truth whenever it benefited him. Right. And there was no reason to believe that at that this was any different Yeah. Than what he did his whole life. Now, in the months following his arrest, investigators spent a ton of time and effort building their case against him. And Haigh himself kept fueling the speculation of journalists with his like crazy, outrageous claims of insatiable blood lust. And in his private letters though, he was showing the real motives for his murders.


In a letter to his friend Barbara Stevens, he wrote, he responded to her question about why he never tried to kill her. Yeah. By calling her foolish for asking and then ensuring her he could never harm her and he didn't have enough money, which of course the Hendersons had also been Hayes friends very close to him, and so had the mixed swans and so had Olive Duran Deacon. But the only difference here was those people were incredibly wealthy and Stevens had nothing more than friendship. Exactly. That's it. She had nothing. Yeah. She couldn't give 'em anything. Exactly. And there it is. That's the difference. Of course, I would never hurt you. You can't offer me anything. You don't have anything. No. John Hay's grand jury trial began April 1st, 1949, April Fool's Day, during which the prosectiuon on behalf of the Crown EG Roby gave his opening statement.


He said, could there be any doubt that On February 18th John Haigh killed Mrs. Duran Deacon with a revolver and disposed of her body and acid? And that was a rhetorical question that he asked the jury, but then ensured them that he would demonstrate his guilt was beyond reasonable doubt. Following these opening remarks, Roby began laying out the evidence against Haigh and showing his connection to the missing widow and emphasized the whole financial part of this thing that she was incredibly wealthy. He was going through vast financial troubles and was in dire Straits motive. Yep. And was like, oh, there's also this confession that he gave. So speaking on Hay's behalf though, his attorney declined to enter a plea and instead requested that a speedy trial be held at the old Bailey, which we've, we've seen the old Bailey a few times on this show.


Multiple. He said, the view taken is that this is such an exceptional case that no objection would be raised if the magistrates committed for trial at the old Bailey. And the magistrates didn't object to the request. And the trial date was set for mid-July at the old Bailey. So the trial opened on, I just love old Bailey. That why I'm laughing old Bailey. I love old Bailey. Old Bailey. Yeah. You know, old Bailey. So Hayes trial started on July 18th, 1949 at Old Bailey. In his opening statement to the prosectiuon or the prosectiuon, sir Hartley Shawcross told the jury this was a clear case of carefully premeditated murder for gain. Correct. and he explained that contrary to the sensational details reported in the press, John Hayes crimes had been motivated purely by greed.


Yes. 'cause he's a piece of shit. It has nothing to do with blood lust. No. So Hay's defense attorney David Fry, rejected the crown's theory that Haigh had killed purely because of financial gain. He said in a statement, at the proper time, evidence will be led with the intention of showing that the accused was insane. So as not to be responsible for his act. Spoiler alert, they will not show that to support their claims. The defense brought in Dr. Henry Yellow Lee's a quote unquote mental specialist, quote unquote, examined Haigh on at least five occasions. According to Dr. Henry here, for most of his life, John Haigh had been having a recurring dream.


He called this dream the dream of the bleeding Christ. And in this dream, Haigh could see the head and sometimes the body of Christ on the cross crossed un uncrossed with blood pouring from his wounds. This Dr. Henry Yellow Lee's argued, was the beginning of a paranoid delusion that it would eventually lead Haigh to develop a secret double life and thirst for blood. I think that's just a nightmare. It's like he grew up, we all have him very stringently and strictly and isolating religious. He might have one of those dreams every once in a while. Exactly. But when asked directly about whether this particular delusion would render the accused completely incapable of recognizing that his actions, you know, murder and dissolving bodies in action were acid were illegal, he said, no.


No. Okay. Nope. He said quote, he knew quite well that to kill a person was a crime. I would say, cool, cool, cool. Then what are you doing here? And so the judge said, so he did, he knew quite well that to kill a person was a crime. And the doctor said Yes. I think he used the phrase punishable by law. Alright. So he was like, yeah, he actually told me he did. Then you can go now, sir. He knew that he, it was a, it was a crime. Punishable bylaw. Thank you for your time, I guess. Thank you, Dr. Henry. So Hayes defensive insanity depended largely on the rumors about his supposed vampirism that had been circulating all around the press. But they were aided by the fact that he did in fact exhibit signs of mental illness or maybe a personality disorder that allowed him to kill without hesitation.


And seemingly for very petty reasons with not a lot of remorse. Okay. But as is often the case, mental illness or a personality disorder alone doesn't mean one is incapable of recognizing that this act or behavior is outside the bounds of the law. Right. There's a difference. In the case of John Haigh, forensic psychologist, Katherine Ramsland argued that Hayes defense was entirely fabricated and built on lies. She said, while there were no real instruments available during Hayes tri time for the assessment of malingering, he presents several classic signs among those she lists that Haigh had some exposure to mentally ill people and would've known how to fake certain symptoms.


Ah, okay. He watched them. It's exactly what you had said. Look at me when you said it. I was like, oh, that's gonna come back. Hi. And that the symptoms he did fake and the stories he told were also inconsistent. So they didn't even fit with each other. Right. The judge in this case was of similar opinion. And when none of the psychologists or psychiatrists would confirm that John Haigh was insane at the time of Olive's murder, he rejected the insanity plea altogether. There it is. In his jury instructions on Nov, on July 20th, justice Humphreys told the jury they were not trying to question whether the man was sane or insane, only whether he had murdered Olive Duran Deacon. And as to that question, Humphreys reminded the jury that John Haigh had confessed to this crime several times.


Exactly. The jury deliberated for less than 20 minutes. I believe that before finding John Haigh guilty of Olive's murder. Hell yeah. And Justice Humphrey sentenced John Haigh to death. Let's go. When he was asked whether he had anything to say on his own behalf, quote, Hey, put his head slightly on one side, his hands clasped behind his back, smiled, faintly, and replied, none at all. Oh, what a little bitch. and he did so in a clear, rather high pitched voice. Ew. So he said, not At all weird. And everybody said, fuck off, I don't like it. In the days that followed, Haigh would make a lot of use of that journalistic spotlight that he found himself under.


Yeah. and he claimed to have killed an additional three people. Oh. That they didn't even know about. All righty. No evidence of those murders was found. But who knows? It was in the 19, you know, forties at this point, who knows. Yeah. On the morning of August 20th, 1949, a crowd of nearly 200 people damn assembled at the gate of Wandsworth prison to be present for John Hay's execution. Shortly after 9:00 AM John George Haigh was executed by hanging. A few minutes later a man walked to the gate of Wad Wadsworth read the notice confirming the death and the crowd, which was now nearly 500 people. Damn. Cheered. Cheered. And that is the end of John George Haigh.


The Acid. Bath Murderer. That was a cuckoo story. Yeah. Really. He's also known as the vampire murderer. Although I think that's fake. I also think that's fake. Yeah. I think the other title is more accurate. Yeah. But that was really sad. And I didn't want any of those people to die. Yeah. The mc Swans. The Hendersons and Olive. Olive. None of them. The fact that he got close to these people, made friends with them, got to know them, formed a bond with them that's fucked up. And then did something so heinous and just violated their bodies afterwards in such a way. Right. And disregarded them like, like you would disregard, you know, bacon fat after cooking it.


Oh God is unthinkable. Like it really is. Unthink, he's a fucked up individual and he's dead. And there's that. There's that. So we hope you keep Listening. We do. And we hope you keep it. We, But not so weird that you make friends with people and then dissolve them in acid just to take their money. Because you could just get a job. Don't keep it that weird at all. Thanks. Thank you.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police. And upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing and the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.