
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Cava and It is Hands down. The best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth Comes together with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. My, personal favorites. If, you know me You. know vanilla And. chai I like to do half, half. Boom. Vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And, then I, Know, That. I'm starting my day. Energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients. That I need to put In my body first thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In and it's just like scrum diddly ipt, anxious Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription for a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V-A and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid. I love Cava.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply. See at&t dot com slash iPhone for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash. And I'm Bridget. And this is a very special Morbid. Yes, we have a Bridget Marquardt in the house today. Did I say that right? You did. Yes. Yay. I, I'm not gonna lie to you. I was practicing. I was so nervous. So nervous to say it wrong because I've said it wrong for years. I'm sorry. That's okay. And then I listened to Ghost Bunny and I was like, oh, that's so much simpler than I thought. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just like court. Yeah.


Basketball court. Yeah, That makes sense. My last name is the same way where it looks a lot scarier and intimidating than it sounds. 'cause mine's erhart, but it's got like the Q-U-H-A-R-T. So it's like people are like qua heart. What? Yeah. Yeah. And it's just like, Nope, Erhart. You're like, no. It's the same kind's. So simple. Yeah. It's the Qs. It does. It is. It Is. It throws you off it People off. It does. It's true. There's not that Many Qs in the world. There isn't. No, we're rare. We're rare. Gem sums. That's Q people. And you got extra, extra points in Scrabble for Q, don't you? Oh, you do. That's worth like 10 points or something. Yeah. Hell yeah. See, look at us. I know. We're even worth more. You guys are out there. Alright, so let's get into it. Your new show is called Ghost.


Bunny, which I love the title. Oh, it's so good. And we know it's kind of early. You have six episodes out. Yeah, six episodes. I, yeah, I think so. By the time this comes out you'll have like 12 out. But so far what has been your favorite episode of Ghost Bunny to research or record? Oh gosh. You know what? Every time I do one, it becomes my new favorite. Yeah. I'm like, oh, that was so good. I love that one. I love that guest. I love the stories we talked about. And then the next week I do another one, I'm like, oh no, that's my favorite one. So it's really hard to pick one. It is hard. I, I think one that's special to me is just the very first one. And it's why I made it the first one. But I, I like talking about the ghost of the Playboy Mansion. I feel like there's very few people who have experienced that and can speak about it.


Yes. So I had Brian Alaya on, he was guest service manager for like, I forget how many years now. 20 something years. Love Brian. And so he, you know, we were talking about all the different ghost stories there and his experiences, the staff's experiences and then my own there. That makes sense because that's like from the 1920s, right? Yeah, it was built in 1927. It started in 1926. Finished in 27. So what An era. Yeah. There's lots of ghosts there. Bet. Yeah. And I mean just all the energy that's been through there, all the people. Oh Yeah. And it's the Playboy mansion. So it's not just normal energy either. No. Like a hotel or like somebody's house. It's like really heightened energy. Yes.


And expectations and hopes and dreams and like so much. Yes. That has gone on there that I just feel like it's extra. Like I feel like you feel it when you're on the property. Oh, I bet. Yeah. I feel like it would be like tangible. Oh yeah. Yeah. And I wish so bad I could go back. I know. And like walk around and just feel it and see it go in my old room. Imagine. And investigate it too. I would. I wish. I wish because to Be able to have like, especially now to be able to have like free reign to just investigate it how you want to Yeah. Would be incredible. Yeah. It's so frustrating. Well I mean back in the day I had free reign to investigate. Yeah. Everywhere and anything I wanted to do. But I wasn't that sophisticated with all my technology yet or my skills.


'cause it wasn't really a thing people were doing back then. I know that's true. You were like ahead of that. You were really Ahead of that. Yeah. So I had been doing stuff, but back then investigating was more like going somewhere in the middle of the night and carrying your camera with you. Yeah. And like walking around your pajamas, hoping you see something in the hall. There wasn't like tons Re of a and like all this other stuff that you did. Yeah, I did. While I was at the mansion, I did start my first kit. So I had like an EM meter and a couple of things in there, some motion detectors and it was very, very basic. Yeah. So that's so cool though. Did you have any like favorite haunted experiences there or something that like really stuck With you? Yeah. Yeah. So one of my biggest things is seeing a full body apparition.


Stop it. That's The outta the corner of my eye. Oh my God. Where the man? Do you remember? Yeah. In my room. Ooh. So it was the day that I, so my sister and I had gone to North Carolina to see my brother in ranger school. And on our way back we stopped in Atlanta to get my dog dog. I Remember this episode. We had to put Wednesday on your chair by the way. I see that. We specifically did that. I love the, And we got home that night. It was buffet dinner and a movie. So we did that and then we came back up to my room. My sister's dead tired, just wants to go to bed. But I'm a social person and my friend Stacy was in there and we're having a glass of wine. We got the TV on and I'm telling her all about our trip.


And the puppy Wednesday is in like a little fenced off area at the end of my bed. Sound asleep. 'cause that's a big day for her, you know? Oh, You exhausted. Totally exhausted. And I have all her little things in there. Her water, her food, her pad, every, all her little toys. Everything. Everything. And I'm telling Stacey, I'm, so I'm sitting on my bed facing this way, Stacey's at the end of the bed. My sister's over here trying to like put in earplugs and ignore us and grumpy. And then the, the doorway to my closet, which then goes to my bathroom. There's no entrance or exit out in or out of the room from there. Oh God is right there. And all of a sudden I see a woman standing in the doorway and I went stop. And I turned to look and my sister immediately like put her hands over her head and like started like kind of to cry a little bit.


Oh my God. Because my sister's a scaredy cat. And then Stacey is also a scaredy cat. But she was just like, oh my God, I saw something. I don't wanna know what, what? I don't know what I wanna know what it was, what was it was like that all saw it. Wow. And I probably saw it the best and I, or at least I'm the only one that admit admits to seeing it the best. Everybody else was like, I just wanna pretend that just didn't happen. You're Like, I didn't see anything actually Yeah, Let's just go to bed. Forget it. But it was a woman. She had long dark kind of stringy hair. She was very pale. She was a more modern deco. She was wearing like black acid washed jeans. Wow. And a really oversized white T-shirt. And she was kind of slumped to one side and she was staring.


And I recognized who that person was before I even moved to the mansion a couple of years before I had gone there to test for playmate. And I stayed there for three days and I met this woman named Joanie and she was one of the social secretaries. And we stayed up one night just talking her and I, I really late. And she was like, I know you're gonna get it. Like I just feel it and everything. Oh Noy. And she was really sweet and I could tell she was very much the house mother. Like girls would come in and vent. Like there was a party going on outside and some of the playmates were working it. And one of the girls came in and was like venting to her about some rude guy outside and stuff. And so everybody really like liked her a lot. And she, when I did, when I finally came back to the mansion, she wasn't there anymore.


And I found out she had passed away of cancer. Oh. Oh. And so I'm pretty sure that was her. And I think she was just coming to see the new puppy in the house Sense, Hey girl. Like oh. And to be like, you're here. Yeah. She was probably being like, like see I told You. I mean it was, it was long after I had been there. So I don't think she was necessarily popping in to see me or to confirm that. I told you You never know Though. You saw, showed up all night together. Maybe there was a connection Maybe. Yeah, maybe It's true. But I, I definitely think she came to see the new puppy. I love That. That's so cool. And it wasn't other than like feeling the shock of something standing in your doorway. It wasn't like a scary experience and she didn't Seem like malevolent, You know? No, not at all. That's crazy. How long did it take for you to recognize who it was?


Did, was it instant or It's instant. Yeah. Because it's out of the corner of your eye and then while when you turn, it's gone. This happens to me anytime I've ever seen a full bodied apparition, it's always like here and then you turn and nothing. Right. So it's sort of just sort of what I saw quickly. Yeah. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. And I don't even Know That, I knew for sure that it was her right that second. But I was thinking about it after and I'm like Familiar Somehow nothing who that reminded me of. Right. And then I went down and I told the office what I saw and they were like, oh that's Jonie. Wow. And then even when I just did my podcast with Brian, the first Ghost Bunny episode, I was like, I'm not gonna tell you who I think it is. I'm just gonna tell you what I saw and you tell me who you think it is.


And so I told them what I just told you guys and he goes, that was Jonie. Oh I love that. That's to have that cool. That much confirmation around it too. Yeah. Yeah. Had anybody else ever seen her at the mansion before? No, but here's where there's a little twist. So the OG ghost story of the Mansion is that Mrs. Letz? Yes. One of the original owners haunts the Playboy Mansion. Right. And when I was telling the office that I saw Joni, they were like, well that's interesting. 'cause a lot of people used to tell Joni she looked like Mrs. Lutz. Oh. So what if, do you think it could possibly be Mrs. Lutz? No, Because think Joni. I don't think the real Mrs. Lutz would ever be caught dead in jeans in a T-shirt. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's true. It's she. So Social light and from a very different era.


Right, Right. But very interesting, huh? Yeah. That like two people who looked so similar would end up at the same place. Yeah. Freaky. I always feel like there's something to do with that. Yeah. Because you're like, is there some like energy there or is there some like reincarnation there happening? Yeah. You know, like what is that about? That is interesting. Yeah. I love that. So it sounds like you've seen other paranormal things. Yeah. Well my very, very first paranormal experience that I can recall was a full body apparition. Really? Wow. And like can you tell us about it? Yeah. Like what else happened? Yeah. Yeah. So I saved up my babysitting money. I was 12, bought a Ouija board. Okay. Hell yeah. First Thing I've gotta buy. Hell yeah. I've always been spooky though.


Like I always loved ghost stories. I'd always love scary movies way before I should be watching that. My parents didn't care. They're like whatever. Right. Same. That's Elena. Yeah. That's Definitely me. Did not care at all. And I would scare all my cousins by making 'em stay up and watch these movies with me and stuff. Yep, Yep. Elena made me spooky. Yep. Yes. So I finally get a Ouija board and I'm making my cousin who's a little bit younger than me, play at my brother who's really little sitting next to us. Oh my God. Like freaking out watching us do this. And at 12 years old you just don't Know That many people that have passed away. No. So the one person I did Know That we could try and talk to was my great-grandfather. He had just passed away not that long before. So we're playing it, we're asking questions and it's answering and it's moving.


But I'm accusing her of doing it of course. And she's accusing me of doing it and then we get bored 'cause obviously one of us is moving it. So we put it away and, well first, before I go onto the next part, my cousin had these weird exes indented into her leg after we got done playing. And she has never recovered from that as far as like mentally. She's so freaked out by, she's like, so by touched Me something marked her. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like indent, like you pressed on something for too long. And I was like, it's so weird. Was the game like bored? Like Yeah. On your leg. But we had it on the floor in between us so it wasn't like resting on our knees. Yeah. But she was so freaked out later in the day we went to the movies and she left the movie to go to the bathroom to take her pants off to see if there were still marks on her leg.


Oh My god. I would be freaked out by that. Yeah. Mark what touched me. Yeah. Yeah. To this day she's still like, I don't even wanna talk about it. Like she's so freaked by it because You're like, what was the purpose of that? Yeah. Like why did that happen? Come back later. And it's like depending on how you look at it is it crosses Exactly. Is Xes. Yeah. Like depending on the angle you look at it. So anyway, then like a few days later I came home from school and we live way out in the country. You can see a neighbor's house but it's way off and seven and a half acres. And so there's nobody around. I come home, I come in through the back door like we always do through the laundry room, go plop down in the living room probably to watch tv, we'll say do homework, you know, whatever.


And I hear the back door fly open. I'm like, oh, obviously I didn't close it tight. Say get up, go back to the laundry room, shut the door again, go sit back down. And I hear it fly open again and like hit the side of the house. And I was like, well that's weird. So there must be something wrong with the door. Go back in there checking it out, like close it. No, it feels tight. Look around outside a little bit. Is there anything like weird going on? No. Shut it. I'm not scared or thinking anything's weird yet. I love That you're not scared yet. I immediately, I'd be crying. I know I'd be like intrusion. Someone's a mouth. Exactly. So I go sit back down and then it flew open again and this time I'm like scared. Scared. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. and it was, I got up and I remember just locking like my heart's like being outta my chest and like obviously there's somebody here or somebody's doing that.


So I walk into the laundry room, there's nobody there. I go out onto the back porch, I kind of look around, I can't see anybody. I close the door and I lock it really quick and I'm like pushing on it. And it's locked. It's closed. Yeah. So I turn around and I start walking outta the laundry room. And when you walk outta the laundry room to my right, it's just a long hallway all the way down to my parents' bedroom at the end. And as I'm walking out I see my great-grandfather standing there at the end of the hall. And then of course I turn and look and it's gone. But I definitely recognized him and saw what I saw. And after that I was tormented for like, I wanna say it was probably like two years, maybe even a little bit more of nightmares, feeling like I was being watched.


Ooh. Weird things happening. Oh. Like just all kinds of stuff. Damn. So I think whatever it was came from the Ouija board and I don't think it was my grandfather at all. I think he just came disguised as him. I was Gonna say. Yeah, that's what I thought too. And a trickster. That was a trickster. Yes. Spells it a trickster. Yeah, totally. And my family are not into the paranormal, didn't know anything about all of this kind of stuff and are just tripping out and they didn't know what to do. So half of my family thought I needed to speak to our pastor at our church and the other half of the family thought I need a psychiatrist. Oh God. So we did both. You're like, You as well cover both Sides. Yeah. And I don't think either one of them necessarily helped except each had like kind of a good advice for me.


The pastor I feel like, did not believe me at all, but he did tell me to keep a diary of everything. So I started doing that and I think that's a great idea for anybody who's having experiences because I wish I could find that diary now. And we can't That be so fun to look back On to go back and read what I was experiencing. Especially With your podcast now. Oh my God. Could do an entire series just reading that. I think so too. Oh we gotta find it. Yeah, I know. Let's manifest that. It shows itself somewhere. Yes, let's do that. And then the, the psychiatrist told me that I should go to his grave and ask him to make it stop. And when I told her that I didn't think it was him, she said it doesn't matter because he might be able to do something from the other side.


Wow. It said she believed you and like actually gave you honest advice or at least gave you like real, and that was like, I can't believe how like next level you were at that point to be like, that is not my grandfather. Yeah. A Lot of definitely didn't of kids might be, oh it's grandpa, you know, like Yeah, No. 'cause it was not nothing warm and fuzzy. It wasn't like a guardian angel. Yeah. It was like scary. It tells you that the energy was clearly like really palpable for you to be able to be like no. Yeah, definitely. So I did go to his grave site and I did ask him to make it stop and it did eventually stop. Did it take a while? He does Out though. It took a while. Yeah. Maybe he did what he could. Yeah, I bet he did. You know, I bet he was like, Ooh. Yeah. What a scary first experience. And I love that you still dabbled after that. You're like, that's fine. Well for me it just intrigued me more.


Yeah. And I was more hellbent on like experiencing this again, like proving to myself that it was real. Because when you're seeing a psychiatrist about it and the pastor doesn't believe you and your family is just like, You starting to think like we don't Know anything about any of that kind of stuff, nor do we want to. Right. You're kind of like, wait, am I so am I crazy? Then of course like I see That, right? Like what? Like am I just making this up? And that's when you start like I really started thinking, did I just make that up for some reason? Yeah. Yeah. Because you brain to doubt yourself. Your logical brain is trying to convince itself. Like Yeah. Because your No way. Your brain is like, that can't happen. Yeah. and it gets worse as you get older. I feel like when you're a kid you're more like you are, you're able to combat that part of your brain and be like, no, I saw that.


Because you more open. Yeah. Yeah. But as you become an adult, it's so much easier to be like, no, I didn't see that. No. That was fake. I was just tired. I'm just seeing things as I'm tired. Like that's it. I used to see so much more when I was younger. Yeah. And now I don't really see anything. I feel things for sure. Yeah. But I haven't seen anything since. I don't know, maybe like the lady who didn't have a body, she was just made a bones, she didn't have a body. She was, she was just made a bones. Yeah. That's a good song. She's a theme song. She, yeah. She was one of our earliest episodes. Yeah. Ash. Literally in one of her old apartments. When you were how old? Like I was in kindergarten, so I was five or six. Yeah. She saw a woman. Sounds like the scariest thing you could ever see.


Yeah. She used to just sit outside. My mom and I, it was like a loft apartment. So there was like a downstairs and then upstairs was just like a really big bedroom. Yeah. And there was a big closet. And then our bed, my mom's bed was here and my bed was like over there, but I never slept in my own bed when I was little. So I'd sleep in my mom's bed and I woke up one night and this woman was sitting there in front of me just bones. And like she had a face, like her face wasn't a skeleton, which is her body was. And she was just haggard and like had like this like, I think I described it as like cotton candy hair last time we talked about it. Which horrified me. And I don't, I think she did use to say things to me, but I don't remember what she said. Yeah. I think you, I remember you say, 'cause she, she brought this up. I was a creepy when it happened.


So I remember she was little telling me this and I was like, that is a nightmare. That's awful. Yeah. Like I, I don't know what to tell you about that, but it happened like over and over and over again. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. and it was always the same thing. And I, I drive by that apartment sometimes 'cause it's like local to where we are and I, I still get weird fucking vibes from that place. Hmm. Yeah. She seemed like she was, was scary. I don't Like that. Well that just reminded me, like, so I say that that Ouija board experience was my first paranormal experience, but it could, I feel like it might not have been my first one. Really. Like, I think back to like my grandma's house and we used to go up in the, the guest bedroom to like, when we'd have family gatherings, all it's girls.


Yeah. Had so many cousins that were all around the same age. And we'd go upstairs and we'd like play games or we'd like just talk about everything or whatever we were doing up there. And I remember the door and we used to have like a creepy feeling up there. Like it was definitely haunted. That house is definitely haunted. I know for a fact. But I would be like, if there's somebody here with us, open the door and it wasn't totally closed it, it was like sort of open. But we would watch it like slowly start to open. Oh Wow. So see that was probably the first one We Yeah. But I never thought about that really as so paranormal. I thought about it as more, I loved it 'cause I was scaring the crap outta all my cousins. And you had like some kind of like Matilda power over the door. Yeah. From the other side, right?


Yeah, exactly. But that's what it is. It's like little kids are just like, it's not what we see it as. Like it's wild to see how little kids handle things like my, and they Just accept it. They do. Yeah. Like my youngest had, oh yeah, a skeleton that she said was in her room. She called him skeleton. Skeleton. But she had like this little accent with it. When she would say it, she'd be like, I saw Ske last night. And we were like, ske, like, what is that? She said it like, it almost sounded like French. Yeah. It almost had this like, and she would say she would do this accent when she would do it. And I was like, skeletal. I was like, was it a skeleton? Is that what you're saying? She was like, yeah, but he's ske. And I was like, okay. And I was like, is he like nice or is he mean, does he scare you? And she was like, no, he doesn't scare me.


And I was like, just like hangs out. Okay. And I asked her, I remember asking her, I was like, where is he? And she was like in my room and he sits on my bookshelf and just looks at me. And I was like, okay, why? And I was like, what does he do? And she goes, he does this. And just like leaned out. Like just this little pose. Yeah. Looking at her. And I was like, okay, you're not scared. And she was like, no. And I was like, all right. I feel like the fact that she wasn't scared of him means like he, I feel like we know Skelton I, or you know what I mean? Ton was just like a nice guy. 'cause she said, she said he'll leave sometimes and come back. And I was like, do you know where he goes? 'cause I'm like, tell me everything girl. Like let's what's his lore? Yeah, I was, yeah, what's his lore tell me. And she was like, well he leaves to go see his family and then he comes back.


That's fascinating. And I was like nice of him to see his family. Like, that's very nice. And I was like, cool. And then one day she said he went to see his family and he didn't come back. Yeah. And he's never been back. And I was like, well that's nice. What a nice ending to Skelton that he just like went to see his family and stayed there. But then she had the


Mister With HelloFresh, you get Farm Fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right T step. Skip those trips to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun and affordable. That's exactly why it's America's number one meal kit. Guys, the holiday season is just around the corner and I Know That. Everybody is looking for ways to spend and stress less. And guess what? HelloFresh makes Mealtime nearly hassle free. But D home delivered Chef crafted recipes that come together quick and are less expensive than takeout I made the other night the fastest Hello fresh meal I think I've ever made. It was the warm steak, kale and sweet potato salad. It's actually off their fast and fresh menu. You would've thought it took me hours to make just because of how delicious it was. Nope. It literally took me about 15 minutes from start to finish and I absolutely devoured it. You guys step out of your recipe rut and make fun flavorful meals without needing to hunt for specialty ingredients and HelloFresh iss. Pre-portioned ingredients mean less food waste. Less food waste. Saving you time. Absolutely delicious. What? Where could you go wrong? Get 10 free meals at hellofresh.com/free Morbid. Apply it across seven boxes. New subscribers only varies by plan. That's 10 free HelloFresh meals. Just go to hellofresh.com/free. Morbid. HelloFresh is America's number one meal kit


when it comes to brass. We're done compromising. You can have it all. Beauty and comfort, support and breathability. All with Bali. Breathe at last Honey Bali. Breathe has arrived. A breathable and breathtaking collection of bras, underwear, and shapewear that feel as good as they look. Breathe is the new collection from Bali, the leading national bra brand made with soft, cotton modal and beautifully soft lace with styles that offer comfort, smoothing and support. They also come in so many gorgeous colors. There are wireless and underwire styles. You know, I'm gonna be getting the wireless ones. And the good thing though is that they all have the same light as air feel. They've got matching sets for when you wanna feel put together with no added effort. And guess what? Bali Breathe revolves around you as the whole world should. But we'll deal with them later. I actually just ordered the T-shirt bra. I ordered it in black and I ordered it in white because I'm a simple girly and I'm so excited for them to come. I can't wait to tell you all about it. Visit bali bras.com and use code Morbid for 20% off your purchase. That's BALI bras.com with code Morbid for 20% off your first order.


Yeah. She had another one after that named the Mister. How? Just in and of itself. How scary is that? Yeah, that's the name of a horror movie. I literally, I only wanna write a scary book about the Yeah, you should. Honestly, I'm like TM copyright to my child. Yes. But yeah, she used to bring up the mister and she brought it up to my husband once they were playing Hide and seek and I think they were hiding under a blanket together. Yes. From my other kids. And, and my youngest was like, oh, this is where I hide from the mister. And he was like, I'm sorry, what? And she was like the mister. And she said, he doesn't what? He doesn't have eyes. She said he doesn't have eyes. And then John was like, well then how is he gonna find us? And she goes, the mister always finds you.


And I was like, isn't that a I like a chill. I did to even saying it. I a chill. And did she laughed And she did. She laughed. She laughed. She thought, she was like, oh, he always finds you. And she and John was like, like moving, I don't wanna play anymore. Let's go downstairs. Yeah. And it's funny because I was saying earlier like, I feel things and that area of your house, it feels off to me. Yeah. You always say there's some kind of vibe down there. Yeah, it's in the, it's one of the guest rooms and I've slept in there before and I have to like watch my laptop, like watch TV on my laptop until I fall asleep. I can't just, yeah. Close my eyes and go to sleep in that room. I, it's weird. 'cause even we're, we're gonna be talking about some like creepy paranormal games at some point. Yes.


And I was looking some up last night, like looking up more of them. And I started to like fall asleep a little on the couch downstairs. And speaking of like seeing things outta the corner of your eye, I see things outta the corner of my lot, but when I look it's, nothing's there. Yeah. So I'm always like, am I just like, I'm doing the adult thing. Like you Know That, I'm just tired and I was falling asleep after researching all these games. So I was like a little on edge already. And I, out of the corner of my eye in my hallway, something ran by the hallway. Oh really? To the point where I sat up and was like, oh, one of the kids is downstairs. Oh shit. And I got up and like literally went into the hallway, nothing was in there. I went up to the girls' room, checked on all of them.


They're all fast asleep. And I was like, I swear I saw something run by my hallway. There's vibes in here. I saw a double of Elena once in here. Oh, That doppelganger. Yes it was. And you did. Mikey also saw one. I don't know why it's me. Well I think it's 'cause your energy is like so satiated in here, you know? But it was freaky. Yeah. The doppelganger thing is so weird to me. It freaks me out. Yeah. I haven't experienced that yet, but I've heard so many stories about that. Yeah. It's so weird. It's very unsettling. I had never experienced it before and I you, I walked in here, she was pale after I saw it and I was literally pale and I was like shaky too. Like you walked in and I was sitting right here and she walked back in from the bathroom well's threw me off. You were sitting, sitting right here.


And I looked over and I was like, are you okay? Like, are you sick? 'cause she had just come from the bathroom and she was literally like, sheet white. And I was like, oh no, are you sick? Were just s barf. You were like, have you been sitting there the whole time? And I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm just sitting here. I was like, you didn't just walk by the bathroom. She's like, no. And I was like, oh yeah. And you're not wearing a white sweatshirt. Like I saw you in and it was just like a flash. It was super fast. But it was you because your hair is so stand out. I knew it was you. It was scary. Those are, yeah, those are interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what they're all about, but I don't know. I'm good. But Just to back up for a second, the skeleton. Skeleton and your skeleton. I think that, that's so interesting that you Yeah. That they, you guys both had a skeleton thing because I feel like that's very rare.


I don't hear. I know. And I've heard so many stories on my podcast and stuff. Yeah. Right. That I, I feel like I haven't heard like skeleton. I haven't heard that before. A skeleton. Yeah. That actually I, why did I never put those two pieces together? And my youngest said her skeleton too. I was like, Ooh, that makes me think it's like old. 'cause she said, I was like, so he's like this, like, you know, like white bones. And she was like, no, they're brown. And she specifically said they're brown dark. That's like So more authentic too, too. And that's why I was like, oh. I was like, that's like from the earth. Like, you know, like been buried. Yeah. And for her to come up with like, she was like three or four. Yeah. She wouldn't have known that point. She No Idea. No. 'cause the all skeleton that she would've seen is like fake toy one white, which is pure white. Right. Like The classic skeleton.


And she is adamant, he's, he has brown bones. Bones. And I was like, that is weird. I don't know why I never made that correlation. Yours seemed scarier. Yeah. Mine was frighten. I mean they definitely seem different. Yeah. But it's interesting that they're both skeletons. Yeah. How they present. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. We need to like do some research. Need to look into that more. We figured that out. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Well turning, like keeping obviously paranormal but turning a little bit, is there somewhere that you haven't investigated yet that you are just like, it's on your list that you have to get to? Girl, my bucket list is so long. Oh, love it. I mean love it. There's so many places. And then every time I hear about a new one I'm like, oh, that's gonna go to number one. We gotta shift this around.


Yeah. They're always like, everywhere I wanna go. Anywhere that's haunted. Like Honestly. Me too. The, I mean I Waverly is high on my list. Oh, me Too. It's so high. I wanna go so bad. He's dying to go to Waverly. Yes. That would be so fun. I've had them on my podcast. They gave me a virtual tour, like literally walking through with their phone. Wow. That was amazing. But like, I need to go there. Yeah. And I wanna see the creeper. Oh My god. Yes. That's what I'm like dying. Yeah. I'll freak out. Like that's scary to me. Terrify. Like that's terrify Way more scary than like seeing a full body apparition or something. The Creeper absolutely is freaky. I hate hate just the name the creeper. I can't. Yeah. Yeah. And I've, I've been virtually in the body shoot. Oh my God.


With the tour that they gave me. But oh my God. I wanna go too. I wanna go really bad. I, That place has to have like dark energy. Oh my God. Definitely. You must have to like wade through the energy in there. Obviously you have to like bush whack your way through. Yeah. What other places? There's so many. I really wanna go to the Crescent Hotel. Me too. I don't know if I've heard of the Cress Hotel. They actually saw, they, they're, they follow Morus. Oh shit. They're always saying like, please come. I'm like, girls on, I wanna come. Where is the Crescent Hotel? Arkansas. Arkansas. Eureka Springs. That's not that Far. Yeah, let's go. I don't even know how far it is to be honest. But I follow them on TikTok and I'm obsessed with watching their, I follow them on Instagram and I'm like, someday I'm going.


Yes. We added to the list. Yeah. We gotta go to that one. Have you been to Lizzie Borden? Yes. Oh isn't, but I didn't spend the night. I've done the tour twice. We spent the night twice. Yeah. And it's, the energy in there is definitely palpable. Yeah. There's something in there. Like we felt it for sure. We actually went with two girls, one ghost both times I'm like, if You guys are gonna go again, I'll go tell I play out here and go. We'll absolutely. Go again. That's one place that when you, we both, so the first time we were there, we were there with other people in the house. Like we didn't have the house to ourselves. I gotta Rent the whole house. That's, We did the house the second time. That's when we went with Corin and Sabrina.


Yeah. And we just kind of stayed up all night walking around by ourselves. It was so scary. and it wa none of us would go to the bathroom by ourselves. We were like, you have to stand outside the door. Like it was, we were sitting in the, the kitchen at one point. Like the dining room area. Yeah. And we were reading from the guest book where people write their experiences and Corinne was reading them out loud. And some of them were like, you know, the ghost was pissed at me because I, this No, Sabrina was, was it Sabrina was reading. Yeah. 'cause then you and Corinne. Yeah. 'cause that's what happened. So she's reading it out loud and from upstairs and we have video of it. I need to find it. 'cause you can hear the audio. A woman's voice says something from upstairs. Didn't she say like, is someone down there? She said like, she said that like, hello.


Yeah. Or she said like, are you there? Something like that. and it was a woman's voice. So clear. And on the, I was videoing her reading those and you can see Corinne and we, all of our heads went like this because you could hear it like clear as day. Wow. That's so cool. And we went through there. No one was there, but it was the clearest voice. And you can hear it on that camera. It's scary. We had like little kids talking to us through the little thing like the ghost. What was ghost too? Will you play with me? And they said, you friends, like don't leave. Like they didn't want us to leave. Yeah. But that's probably coming from the house next door. 'cause you know they the house next door And they say that the kids like to play in that top, that like attic area. We were in that area.


Yeah. So the first time that it was just me and Elena that went together, like with other people there, our room was up there that we were supposed to sleep in. I was like, weren't staying in. I'm not staying in that room. Like absolutely not. And she wouldn't go to sleep. It's the Attic one that belonged to the maid. Yes. Yes. Oh yeah. No fricking way. No. Gosh. Was like, we're staying up all night. So we sat on the Andrew couch in the living room and that was better than sleeping all night. And she, every time I would con out, she'd be like, hit her. Like, I was like, okay. Because I feel like if you're sleeping in places like that, like the energy can get to you easier and like sleeping. I mean you're vulnerable Had Yes. Yeah. Have You had that happen? Yeah. So the Myrtle's plantation, I wanted to go there for so long. Another one. Long. Yeah.


St. Francisville, Louisiana. I had read all the books about it. Seen little like, I don't know, travel channel documentary things on it. Yeah. I'm like, I wanna go here so bad. Finally, oh gosh, it was probably seven years ago now. We went for my birthday. We were going to New Orleans and I was like, we have to just rent a car. Oh yeah. And go for a day. Like, or spend the night one night there. And my husband, he's not, well he's more of a believer now 'cause I've dragged him to so many places that he's had things happen now you're like, how Can you argue this? Have no Choice. This point. Yeah. At that time he was a good sport, but not su he very, very skeptical. Yeah. And so I bring all my ghost hunting stuff and we're staying in the room.


Have you guys ever been there? No. No. You covered it. That's on my, we covered it on the, I wanna go. Yeah. and it's on my list. There's one room, when you rent it, you get this huge room, plus you get this whole sitting area upstairs. The stairs are yours. Oh wow. And the, the whole entryway is yours. So those creepy stairs and the creepy mirror that supposedly haunted. Oh yeah. All of that is yours. Ooh. Wow. And nobody else can come into that part of the house. Ooh, that's really cool. We gotta Do this. So we rented that room. And so we're downstairs and I have my kid out and I have, he's got the K two meter over by the mirror. He's being a good sport and everything. And I'm sitting on the 17th step because a man was shot and died on the 17th step. Yep. So I'm sitting on the 17th step and I have my voice recorder and another K two meter and I'm like asking questions and like nothing is happening.


Like, you know how the K two meter usually like blips a little bit like green to darker green, but it's just like, it was just doing nothing. And I was like, which Is shocking in and of itself. Yeah. Because usually a teeters, right? Yeah. It does something. So I was like, are my batteries dead? Are the things even on? We did that for like an hour and a half and finally I was like, I guess nothing's gonna happen. So we'll just go to bed. Like, damn. Totally disappointed. Yeah. I Like bummed. Yeah. Go back to the go to bed and they don't have TVs. I love watching TV at night. You have to go to bed. Me Too. Same Way. So I was like, ugh. I'm just sitting there and I'm listening. The silence to that it so loud. No, it was loud outside because there were like frogs chirping in the paw. Oh, really loud. And that's such a creepy sound That can be unsettling.


I was Just listening to them though, and like just trying to go to sleep listening to that. And then all of a sudden they just stopped peer silence. Ooh. And I felt like the room got super heavy. Oh no. And all of a sudden we could hear like kids running around and we heard like boom, boom, boom, boom. Like step somebody running up the steps, stop it. And our, and we're the only ones that have key to that area. So I jumped up and I opened the door. Nothing. Ooh. We could hear like furniture moving above us. There's what? We were on the top floor and it was so insane that, like you said about the bathroom. Like I was, I had to go pee so bad that I was too scared. Yeah. To go to the bathroom and it was like three something in the morning.


Of Course. Yep. The whole time. We were like holding onto each other and he's like, did you hear that? I'm like, yeah. And then I'd hear something I like, did you just hear that? I like, yeah. I heard it. And we were just like holding onto each other. Oh my God. Like freaking out. That's Scary. And the, my voice recorder. Well I didn't know it was my voice recorder. All of a sudden we heard like an electronic noise. Mm. And we both sat straight up and my K two meter, he had left it sitting on the nightstand next to us and it was lit up all the way to red. and it kept like turning off and going red, turning off going to red. Oh Wait, did that happen? I know. I just freaking out. And he's like, your K two meters making noise. Well it doesn't make noise. You're like, like So you like, what's that? So then later the next morning I realized that what happened is my voice recorder was laying on the floor over by my suitcase.


And that had turned on, but it didn't record anything. I was, oh dammit. I was bummed. But of course it made, it made that noise. The fact that It turned on though. Yeah. What? It was like, we're ready now. Yeah. Like let's Go. Right. And this, this just went on till like four something and then all of a sudden it was just over. Like you could feel the whole room lighten up. All of a sudden it didn't feel scary anymore. Wow. That is terrify. The whole energy changed. Terrifying. And I was like, I still have to pee and you still have to come with me though. You Still have to come. You were like, I'm still feeling it. Something about having to pee in those situations that you're like, no. Those situations that you always have to pee the most too. You're like, I really have to go. Oh, all four of us would bathroom just like walk over to the bathroom and just like huddle outside the bathroom for each other.


Because we were like, no. Even the bathroom is spooky. It is. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't close like you had to, the room was here and then you had to go down this little kind of like creepy hall that was all dark and then into the bathroom And with all that happening. No. Yeah. Yeah. And There was no way I was gonna go to the bathroom by myself. No. And especially when a skeptic, like a healthy skeptic is hearing these things and see it's like, and they're scared. Ooh. Oh. He was like, I can't deny it after that. Yeah. Like there's definitely something. And he got his hair pulled at the Stanley Hotel too. So he is like, okay, stuff happens. He's like, the Stanley Hotel is so creepy. You need to go so badly. I know. That's another one I gotta hit. I went once and we just went to like bop around. We didn't book the tour or anything. And even just the energy in there is like weird and dark.


Yeah. You can always feel, yeah. You would love it. What's on your guys' list? Honestly, Waverly. Yeah. Is a huge one in Myrtle's. And I wanna hit the Whaley house too. Yeah. The Whaley house is one I really wanna hit. Yeah, we were talking about the John Proctor house. Oh, that's when I think we're gonna try to hit that soon actually with sa Oh they're really nice Sabrina. And really nice too. And they're encouraging of all the paran. Oh, that's stuff. Oh that awesome. Awesome. So they're good. Oh. Oh that's Cool. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. 'cause I think we actually are trying to book it. Yeah. Right now with them. Yeah. Trying to figure that out. Oh yeah. Yeah. We just did the SK Pierce mansion in, it's in Gar Gardner. Gardner? Yeah. Yeah. It's in Gardner. That's Massachusetts. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's a wild one. Oh yeah. Yeah. We did it. We did the case on the podcast.


But there's a lot of stuff that happened in that house, like, and it's huge. It's a literal mansion. So there's the basement, the main floor. There's, and there's like an upstairs and then like another, another upstairs. Another upstairs. Yeah. There's lot. It's not even, yeah, it's not even really like an attic. It's just like a second upstairs. Yeah. And there's one room, I forget what they called it. It was the room where like all the guys would like go and play games and stuff and like women weren't allowed Billiards room or something. Something like That. And that energy, they call it the, yeah, they call it the R. The R room. Oh yes. Yeah. Trigger warning. Yeah. Somebody may have been raped in that room. So they call it the rape room. Oh yeah. And it's got that kind of like dark, dark energy.


It's a aggressive vibe in that room. Like walking in there, you're like, Ugh. And there's a closet that they said, I think somebody was like killed in the closet. Yeah. Or something like that. Or assaulted in some awful a way. And who went in the, I forget who went in the closet. It might have been Payne. 'cause I think Sabrina, it's boyfriend Payne was with us. Yeah. And he walked in and he like heard something as soon as he walked in there and literally just like bopped right up. He was like, Nope, I'm out. And there was this weird, that's where that like flash of light started. There would be this weird, it was like a rectangular beam of light that had like dots of light almost. And that's where it first appeared in that room. It kept showing up on the camera. Camera. Yeah. and it would show up in like different spots. Very weird. and it would be like, like over people sometimes. Or like next to people other times.


See another thing I have to add to my list now. Yeah. Yeah. A place I didn't even know about. You Would love that one. You would love it. Yeah. Yeah. We won't tell you too much more. You had experience that I to explore. Have you guys been to like ska or anything like that? That's, that's another one on my bucket actually. That's a very recent one that we, I know Ash is like, no, I'm so on the fence about going there. Hey I'm like, I like teeter between like back and forth between like do I wanna go and like do that or do I not wanna go? 'cause I just feel like the energy there is like, oh it must be the heaviest, pretty dark. Like that. That one I just need to see the house. Me. Yeah. Like I need to because we, that's another one we've covered. And I went like deep into that one. Like I got sucked into that case.


'cause it's just so Horrific and unsolved. It's unsolved. It's unsolved like that. It drives me crazy. Me too. And no, I need to know who did this. Yes. Like who would do this. That's and Why There was no seeming like there was no, not that there's every reason to murder. No. But like some people come up with reason. Yeah. And there was no real motive that you had a good theory though. It was like somebody like wasn't there somebody like on a train or something? Yeah, there's a railroad theory that like there was a lot of ax murders that happened. Yeah. Like in on the railway on the route. Yeah. That was one of them. But even that, it's like, it's not the strongest theory, the children and everything. and it just like the way the, the covering their faces and everything. The brutality of that one. Yeah. I mean and it's just like you Know That house must be wild to see because like there's still evidence of what happened in that house.


Like there's, you know, it's the marks. It's awful. But where he raised the ax and it hit the ceiling. Like there's still the marks in the ceiling. Which would just, I think, think that's part of it. Too bonkers to see. Yeah. and it would just be very interesting. I don't know if I could spend a night in there. I don't think I could spend the night I would, you could get me to go, but I, I don't think I could spend a night there. I think maybe I could do, I could Lizzie board it and just stay up all night. I'm always down to Lizzie board. Yeah. I'm never sleeping at any of our locations that we go to. I feel like the staying over the overnight increases your chances of experiencing. It's True. Something's true. No, that is the further you go into the night, the more it happens. Well because the veil gets like thinner and thinner the closer to three that you get.


So yeah, Not only that, but I feel like whatever's there sort of gets used to your energy a little bit. Starts, starts testing, Gets a little more cuddle. Boundaries and everything. I feel that way too. Well that was like when we went to the Lizzie Borden house. We didn't really experience anything crazy for probably like two hours. Yeah. And then it got later and later and we started experiencing more. Yeah. And then it kind of died down a little bit, probably at like four-ish. And we were like, all right, we're gonna head out. And we said we were gonna head out and started packing up. and it was like, like you said with your story, like this energy just lifted from the room and it almost even felt like it got brighter in there. I think it did. It definitely did. The lights kept doing these weird things where it would dim and then it would like turn off. Yeah. And then it would pop back on again.


And we were asking them like, do you have motion detectors or something? We were like, no. And we were testing it, being like, okay, let's stay out here and see if it turns off without motion. None of it worked. Like none of it made sense. And then we'd just be sitting there and it would just dim off and then flick back on again. And we were all like, what the fuck? Yeah. It was weird, but when we were leaving it was like they were guiding us out of there. It was crazy. Yeah. At least it turned out they were like, lights on, get out for us to go. Don't come back the door. They were like, have we scared you sufficiently? Did you guys experience the cat ghost there? No. And I wanted, they told us about the cat ghost. Yeah. Yeah. You were hoping to, I think Sabrina might have Sabrina from two girls. Oh yeah. I think she might have. And I also, oh wait, was, I saw it.


Now that I'm thinking about it. I remember you saw it do. No, I couldn't remember if I'd seen what I had seen. I saw a cat walk across. Oh shit, now I'm remembering it. I don't know why. I didn't remember that at first. We were in Abby's room. Oh yeah. The The stepmother. Yeah. And we were standing there listening to, you know, I, because we had a tour guide come in and give us a quick tour first, and then they left. Shout out to Amber. And Amber our, our awesome tour guide was giving us this like whole spiel about it. And I was just kinda like looking around the room and outta the corner of my eye in the doorway, I saw a cat walk around the doorway. Yep. And I remember being like, what was that? And I was like, what? And later she told us there's a ghost cat. And I was like, that was the cat.


Because I think you thought it was a kid or something at first. Because I also saw a kid at the other, at some other juncture. You saw a lot when we went to, and it was always house. It was always out in the corner of my eye. And I would look and be like, am I just like on edge here? And that's why I'm seeing these kids. That's how it works. Yeah. It felt too real. No, I It was real. I believed you. Yeah. It was scary. I was, Ugh.


Hey Morbid listeners, Etsy knows what kind of holiday gifting reactions you are looking for this year. You want squeals a delight, happy tears, and spontaneously written songs of joy. Right. Well, to get reactions like those, you need to make sure everyone on your list feels heard. With handmade, handpicked and designed gifts from small shops on Etsy, Etsy makes it so simple to find original items that will make whoever you're shopping for feel extra, extra special when they open that box. It will be love at first gift, the kind of love you can only get when a gift is truly thoughtful and perfect for that person. Shop Etsy this holiday season for personalized jewelry, custom artwork, cozy style items, vintage pieces and home decor to celebrate all of your favorite people and their specific kind of special for original gifts that say, I get you. Etsy has it.


What if death is only the beginning? In 1950s, England, a milkman's daughter's lives are tragically cut short. When his wife later becomes pregnant, he makes a claim that his frankly eerie. He says that his newborn twins are his dead daughters. Reincarnated. Andy says he has proof. A true story hosted by writer, director, and Emmy nominated actor Will sharp. This is Extrasensory, an Apple original podcast produced by Blanchard House, apple TV plus subscribers get special early access to the entire season. Follow and listen on Apple podcasts.


You guys wanna get even more creeped out and talk about spooky games? Yes. Yes. Okay. Do you wanna start? Yeah. So I'll start and then we need to, so we'll start with these two games and then we have a game that we can, we're not gonna like raise anything paranormal. No. We have a funny Would you rather paranormal game to play. Okay. Yes. Spooky edition. So, All right, I'm gonna start with this little one. It's a very short one, but I thought it was too, too fun and too scary to not mention. It's called the Devil Face Game. Oh. And so this is a little like Bloody Mary where you can, you need 12 black candles. Okay. So everyone's got those lying around. I actually, but I don't know if everyone else does. I have like an abundance of taper candles.


Yeah, I do too. I have too many taper candles. All black, all different colors. I have like black, white, and red. I think you can do so many rituals right now. Exactly. Got it covered. Yeah. But you need the 12 black candles. You need a timekeeping device that will like alert you to a certain time will have like an alarm on it. So just your phone and you need a bathroom. I got that. Okay. I have that as well. And you need a mirror in that bathroom. Okay. So just before midnight you're gonna lock yourself in that pitch black bathroom, which I'm already out. I was gonna say that point. I'm not at, not happening. And you're gonna light all 12 of those black candles. So you're gonna have ambiance, some ambient lighting in there. Be careful, don't bump into them. Yeah. It's a fire hazard. So everybody be careful when you do this.


Yes. Stand in front of that mirror, close your eyes. And this is where that timekeeping device is important because you're gonna set it so that it tells you as soon as midnight strikes. Oh my god. And as soon as midnight strikes, you're gonna open your eyes. And in front of you in the mirror is going to be the face of the true devil staring back at you. Oh. What happens after that? The world may never know. No one knows. I don't know if you just blow out the candles and get the hell out of there and just be like, cool. I've seen the devil and the devil has seen me damn and live with that information, but I'm not gonna be doing this. What if this one is just a practical joke and you open your eyes and you see yourself and it's just like, and it somebody turned down Staring back to you. But you're gonna see a warped version of yourself 'cause your eyes aren't gonna be adjusted and you're gonna have all the candle flickering light.


So it's gonna look like a weird, weird version of yourself. Yeah. That's gonna freak you out. And you're gonna be like, I am the devil. It's me. It's gonna give you a complex. It sure is. It's For Sure it, it reminds me of Bloody Mary. 'cause I like, did you do Bloody Mary when you were little? I've done it, yes. Yeah. I always feel Scared. That one's scary. It is scary because You, it was never clear Bloody Mary what happens, what was supposed to happen. There was these different versions like is she gonna scratch you? Is she gonna kill you? Is she gonna try to grab you and bring you in the mirror? No. Is she just gonna scare the shit outta you? Right. None of them sounded good to me. So did you What? You did it though, right? We did do it, yeah. Yeah. Nothing ever really happened. No, but But you do. It does distort what you see in the mirror.


Yeah. By doing all the things like the pitch black and all that stuff. And you're so focused too. So you do, you always end up seeing something weird 'cause your eyes do distort the reflection in the mirror. Well, And then there's scrying too. So you're kind of doing this whole scrying thing while you're sitting there doing that. So you never know what you're pulling up Behind. So you're like, what did I pull? Yeah, it's, yeah. That's freaky. It's scary. I think I was in like second grade the first time I did Bloody Mary and I got in so much trouble. That was mom was like, no, don't be doing that. No Bloody Mary. Because I ended up screaming. 'cause I was so, because I went through with everything and then nothing happened. But I was like so scared that I was screaming. Yeah. My mom's like, what are you doing? Well and it's a, it's a rough game to play because they don't tell you like you're, you should be closing these things after you open 'em.


Yeah. Like properly true. Yeah. And it's like with Bloody Mary, you're just like, well I that is all right. See you later. and it's like, what? What am I doing here? Yeah, just follow Me around now. Like that's what probably happened, you know when you were 12 with the Ouija board. Yeah. 'cause you probably didn't know how to properly like close or close That. No, definitely didn't close Anything. And I feel like that's when shit goes awry. Yeah. Yeah. Like when it can't be closed. Definitely like everywhere. We always leave. We're like, don't follow us. Stay here. Like we always do whole thing. We do a dance, we like shake everything off of us. Shake it out. Oh that's shake it all off. We have to. So that is the Devil Face game. But the next one is a little big. It's a little longer. Has some more steps to it. And this one scares the shit out of me. Oh no. I will not be doing this one. Alright, so this one is referred to If You Go, there's a really good website and she also has a very good book.


It's The Ghost In My Machine is the website. Oh. That's where I got my game from. Yeah. And we talked about, we talked about her in our last week. We did episodes about scary games and we talked about her a lot, Lucia. And she has an amazing book. We'll link it in the show notes, go buy it. 'cause it's so interesting. But she was the one that, I found this out from her website. She refers to it as the bath game. So this is a Japanese game originally or originates from Japan. It can also be called the Duran game. And I'm so sorry if I'm pronouncing that like a shitty American. I apologize. But it's essentially high stakes tag with a really angry ghost. Oh, I don't run. So no.


Yeah. Nope. I'm out. I'm out immediately. It can also be looked at as deadly, possibly deadly red light, green light with a angry ghost. Oh God. Yeah. That sounds like a nightmare. So here's how you play. You're gonna fill a bathtub with water. Like you're gonna take a bath. No, you're gonna get, you're gonna get naked. You're gonna get that bath naked. Like you're gonna take a bath, have yourself a tub. Like do your thing. You're In a I like it so far. You know, relaxation, do it all. But you gotta turn off all the lights. No candlelight, nothing. Pitch black. You have to. Okay. That'd be weird. No, I would not be able to relax like that. Yeah, me neither. Door's gotta be shut. So you're sitting in the pitch black naked in a tub.


And according to ghost in my machine, you should sit so that you are facing the faucet in like the little handles. I do it. We sit that way and now you're gonna close your eyes. It would be very uncomfortable to sit the Other way. The other way. Yeah. I was gonna say, I feel like you should sit that way anyways. I don't know your life. I don't know if people like that feeling of faucet thing bad back to, I dunno. And if you do more power. Yeah, but this way, for this comfortable way, it's important. Yeah. Not for this one. You're gonna close your eyes and now you're gonna start washing your hair in the bath with your eyes closed. So eyes closed, start so wrong up that hair. Start going for it. Then you're just sitting in your own hair filth. You sure are. But that's the least of your worries at this point. And as you do this, you are going to repeat repeating out loud, Dar asan fell down over and over and over while you wash your hair.


You're gonna do this like the ritual is happening as you are saying this. And as you're washing your hair, you're not gonna stop saying that until you are done washing your hair. And as it's happening, you're gonna get an image in your mind of a Japanese woman standing in a tub. Okay? You'll watch behind your own eyes as she slips and falls and she will impale her right eye on a rusty faucet. What the fuck? And you're gonna watch all this. That's crazy. Yeah. As you're taking a tubby, you're gonna be watching all this imp paling your eye with a faucet. Like think how big faucet a Ross faucet. Oh. Gets get your TEUs up.


Tetanus. Yeah. So that's, it's even worse. So I, you're out of there. The eye is gone. And the fau, you know the faucet has that eye now. Okay. You might actually hear things in the bathroom as you, this is happening, but you cannot open your eyes. Okay. So this is all just a mental video. You are all Sitting in your mind and you will hear things in the bathroom. Oh my god. You may even feel movement in the tub with you. No, but you are not to open your eyes. My whole legs just got like a weird shiver in them. Mine did Too. Right? Mine did too. I don't like it. I don't like it. I'd be out. There's no, I am out. I'd be out way before then. As soon as you turned out the lights and I'm sitting in the tub, I'd be like, nope, nope, nope.


I'm not playing. Yeah, no. I feel like even after hearing this story, sitting in the tub is gonna be less relaxing for me. No. Close those eyes on the tub. I've always had, like even when I was a kid, like a fear of closing my eyes and washing my hair. Me too. Something's gonna be in the shower with me or something. I'm still that way. Yeah. I am still, I cannot do the whole like, just close your eyes and let it all suds down. Like no. I'm like, that's insane. Yeah, no, I gotta Keep my eyes open because the second I close them, something's gonna appear. Yes. Something's coming in the shower with me. And I always rub the fog in the shower too, if it's foggy. Oh, you're Like, no, I gotta see out. Gotta see out. I need to be able to see what's going on. Yeah. You're gonna feel some movement in the tub and that's, that's no, that's a boundary. I'm not ready to cross. Lo can't open that eyes. And as your eyes are closed, as you're feeling the movement, hearing the things crying, you have to ask her out loud why she fell in the tub.


Which is kind of rude to be honest. Yeah. Because the tub is slippery. That's self explanatory. People fall for a myriad of ways. Maybe she doesn't know. Like why are you asking her that? Yeah, my clumsy asking her, she'd be like, fuck off. I'm like, everyone falls girl. But apparently whatever, there's a reason. She's not gonna tell you that reason. But you have to ask it. Okay. So then once you have asked it, everything should kind of chill out and then you're gonna stand up with your eyes still closed. Gotta keep those eyes closed. And you are going to leave the tub with while your eyes are closed. So take your time, make sure there's a mat down flip. Want you're not gonna flip. Beautiful too. Yeah. While you're doing this, you have to be very gonna get impaled. Very methodical. You're gonna, don't drain the tub. Okay. Keep the water in the tub. Leave through the bathroom door, close the door behind you.


I still closed. I still closed. Do not turn on any light. You are going to go to bed like a fucking maniac and just go to sleep and apparently naked because you can't. And wet hair. See hair wet, you can dry it. Ugh. Going to sleep. That sounds terrible. Yeah. You're gonna wake up the next morning and you're gonna go about your day like right off the bat. But you are gonna feel something the second you wake up, second you wake up, you're gonna feel something with you. Somebody's gonna be following you, somebody's gonna be watching you. You're gonna feel it the whole day. And what you're gonna feel is the presence of this woman behind you all day. And when you look over your shoulder, you're gonna get little snippets of glimpses of her and she's going to be terrifying.


She's going to be missing that eye. Yeah. She's got like long, dark, like really like, you know the ring kind of hair? Yeah. Oh, like that style. And she's gonna be wet. Like she's just been in the bathtub. Is she dripping onto you? No. 'cause she can't get that close to you. That's the point of the game. Oh. Can't let her touch you. Oh. Oh. That'ss where the tag comes in. This is where tag comes in. Oh, I forgot about the tag. Good call. So you don't wanna get her to let, let her get too close because if she catches you, she's not letting you go. So you just gotta keep moving. So you're gonna see her. And once you get glimpses of her, you can't let her get too close. So you have to yell to her Toma, which means stop in Japanese.


Whenever you catch a glimpse of her, you have to yell toma de. So do this on a day where you're not going to work, otherwise you are going to get in trouble. You'll, there's gonna be questions. HR will be contacting you afterwards, you'll just be screaming random Japanese commands and people are gonna be like, what do you wanna go home? Like should you see someone? Yeah, I don't. So you, the whole point is you have to stop her and keep her away from you before by midnight. If she's still following you at at midnight, you lose. And losing is bad because if you, and so you, if you look over your right shoulder and you lock eyes with her, it's important to lock eyes with her. If she needs to see you, you need to see her. Or lock eye. I was just gonna say lock eye.


Gonna say it. Your right eye. Her left eye. That's yes. That's where it needs to go. So if you see her, it's fine. You yell stop. But you need to lock eyes for this eye for this one to happen. When you lock that, that eye, you need to yell Kita, which means I cut you. Oh. And you need to make a chopping motion with your hand. And then she will disappear. And that's it. If you lock eye and you'll keita and chop in the air, she should disappear. If you did it right, if you did it to Alta plan, you win. What a life experience. You get to take that with you forever. Good job. You're crazy if you lose because she will try to hide from you.


Like when she sees that you are trying to lock eyes and say kitta, she will try to hide away the thought. The this woman dodging me is horrifying. Yeah. If she, she manages to hide from you until midnight, you better skip the planet because it's not gonna be good onto the next one. Babe. Midnight hits. You have now given her permission to come into your dreams. Oh. Oh. And she can catch you. Now she's become Freddy Krueger and that you can't Oh. Can't do anything about that, that. And she just lives in your dreams forever. Then she'll just let, then she'll somehow get you in your dreams. She can kill you through them and you probably, you'll die. Fuck. Oh. And stay outta water. She in dark places. If you go to Dewater in dark places, she can get you quicker. Yeah. What?


Yeah. She's nimble. Or just not play this game. Don't play it. No. Or don't play. Yeah. There you go. I recommend Moral of the story. I recommend not playing this game. Yeah. I also recommend I second that recommendation. It's very high stakes tag. It is very high stakes. It's so weird that you picked that game. 'cause mine is a little bit taggy too. Ooh. Yeah. Well that scares me. I don't like, I, I get like I'm one of those anxious people in Tag where I'm like, oh God, just hit me. Okay. Like I hate it. Like I don't like being chased. So I'm like, ah. It's like that's in the haunted house. Elena. And I always walk through like this and I'm like, we need to not do that. I'm always, because like instinct makes you wanna hit someone. Yeah. I'm just like always in punch position like I'm gonna hit you. Oh no. Like, but yeah, I would do that too. And then I'd hit the Looky Looky girl or the, what was her name?


D Darrun Asan. I don't even wanna say it. I'm too scared. Yeah. But I would hit her and then oof. It'd be bad Daran. That is, that is the name. And I guess apparently, usually these figures, there's like Daruna Daran dolls that are good luck. Oh they're good luck. But this is a whole different take on it. Yeah, yeah. Because you're entering her world. I guess The dolls just entering your world. You're summoning her. Yeah. Don't, don't, don't summon things. Don't summon her. I think that's, that's not what you wanna summon. Whenever you guys read something like this and you like picture like the steps of the game, do you picture it happening? Like in your own environment? Yes. I just pictured it in my bathroom. I just pictured it in my bathroom and then like dodging her in my kitchen.


Yeah. You Know what? I didn't, for some reason I pictured it in some random bathroom I've Never been in. Oh, that's funny. That's funny. Yeah. You guys gotta tell us listeners, what did you picture? Yeah, I'm interesting. I'm interested to see like how people process stories like that. Yeah. Oh but then, and I never take a bath in that particular bathroom. So Yeah, I pictured the, the bathroom where I summer shower, take a, I'm both, if I do a bath then I shower after. Ah. You gotta, you gotta, or else you're just in your own soup. There you go. But that's a story for another day. That's another scary story. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. So I have the look Looky game, hate it already. Which is also known as the Look Seaman game. Mm. It's very scary. So this game is when you have to play alone, which already makes it very terrifying.


Yeah, I know. And to play, you need one candle matches or lighter white paint and a tool to apply that white paint. I got all that. Something to keep time. Like your phone or stopwatch. Kinda like an alarm, like you were saying. An indoor location where you can play and somewhere inside of that location needs to have a room with no windows where you can shut a door behind you. So you're not gonna start until it's dark out. We need to do this at dusk. And once it's dark out, you're gonna walk around wherever you're playing and you're gonna count every single window within that space. And you need to be super, super careful not to miss any windows. I would suck at this because I miscount things all the time.


I'd just be too, too much pressure. Yeah. I'd be too scared. So once you're confident that you've counted correctly, you're then going to walk around and use your white paint to draw an eye onto every single window. Like an eyeball. No, it's not my house. Yeah. No. Don't you draw eye on my window. Yeah. And you need to do it on every single window. It needs to be a large eye. You wanna double check, make sure you don't miss a window. 'cause if you miss a window, you automatically lose the game. I need you to quickly picture getting up to get like a midnight snack or something and you just like look out your window and you see your neighbor just drawing eyes. I know. They're playing the look, look game. Oh my God. Now you'll know. There's So many a demon. That's so Fun. That's crazy. Sleep. I think I need to go else tonight.


Like wow. Kids stay in the hotel to the barbecue this weekend. Crazy. The block party's gonna be crazy. Good luck. Yeah. So like I said, if you miss a window, you automatically lose. And we'll talk about what happens if you lose at the end. You know what I always do too? I always go. But does that qualify as a window or is that right? Yes. Like I always You're like, is that door window? Yeah. It's like those things where you're not a robot. Like how many stoplights? I'm like, well there's a little square of like part of it in here. Does that, That is there. They, I found this game on Ghost in my machine and it said like, like you know how like windows will be split into panes? Like you don't have to do each pane but you have to do each Window. Oh, okay. So they get a little more specific. I They do. Yes. I'm glad you said that. Yeah. I need to know those things.


And like I was thinking too, like even like your garage windows, like how they have the little ones. Oh yeah. You gotta get those too. Oh shit. Any window that you think is a window count it eyeball it. Too much work. Yeah. Honestly, what a way to live to some, a demon like this. But once every window is adorned with that huge white eye, you're gonna go around and shut every single light off in your playing space. You're gonna grab your candles, your matches, and your lighter, whatever you're gonna keep the time with. And you're gonna head to the room where there's no windows and you're gonna walk into that room and close the door behind you and wait. And you're gonna wait until the clock hits midnight. And then at that very minute, not any minute before, not one minute after stroke of midnight, you have to light your candle and you have to to say out loud, looky, looky, come and see.


Looky looky. You won't find me. And you have to say this aloud three times for it to work. And you have to make sure, you have to make sure that candle's lit at exactly midnight. Then you have to leave your windowless space and move throughout where you're playing continuously. Like you can't really stop for too long because now the look looking man is looking for you through the windows. Fuck that. Yeah. And if you fuck that, if you, if you think he might catch you, you can move somewhere to hide. But if you can't stay in one spot too long, 'cause that's just asking to get caught. And all this time that you're moving throughout the house, you can't let your candle go out. No. If it goes out, you lose. This is, this reminds me of, is it the midnight man?


Yes. Kind of. It's very similar vibes. Not without the eye. There's no eyes in that one. There's no eyes. There's there's eyes in this. We're not even done with the eyes. So after six hours or when the sun comes up, whichever happens, first you're finished and you can blow out your candle. And they say the looky looky. When he leaves the looky, looky man, you're gonna know and you'll feel different. Like some, some kind of feeling will wash over you. That's because you've just won the game and now you have the gift of seeing into the future. Oh shit. Well at least this one has a real reward to it. Yeah. Kind of. Because not just bragging rights. Nobody's sure. Like if it lasts forever or how far into this future you see Or if you see good future things or know.


Yeah, I was gonna say maybe you see negative things not let be then you go cuckoo. Yeah. But at least you didn't die. Yeah. But if you lose at any point, the look, look man rips you out of your playing space, drags you back to his lair, rips your eyeballs out, eats them, and then leaves you there to die. So the risk world reward do is disproportionate, I feel. And then at the end I just wrote xo, xo, xo, gossip girl, xo, xo, looky. Look man. Wow. Yeah.


We know you love a good mystery or true crime story. But what if you could bring the story to life, honey? Well, organizing your very own murder mystery party is a piece of cake thanks to the story Pop app, choose a story or theme, invite friends and plan your party with the easy to use app. No need to print dozens of pages or memorize character sheets. The story pop app will assign roles and guide you through the mystery handling all the gory details. So everyone including the host, can enjoy all the twists and turns, immerse your friends in a world of mystery and make your next gathering or holiday party unforgettable. You know, this is right up me and Elena's alley. So we are planning our very own party with story pop. I am literally so excited. Download story pop in the app store or play store and use code Morbid to get your first game for free.


See I have a fear of like when I'm walking around and like, I don't know how hot it gets here at night, but sometimes it's really hot in California at night I, we leave the windows open and I always feel like there's people like, or not people, but like somebody like looking in or something. Yeah. Like I always get that sensation of like, am I being watched right now? Is somebody like peeking in the window? Yes. And Especially in the dark. In the dark. I, Yeah. When it's nighttime outside. Yeah. Oh, daytime. No big deal. But at nighttime like, 'cause they can see in. Yes. We can't see out. And that's the worst. You just see your reflection. We have a slider door and we need to get curtains for it so badly. 'cause anytime I look out the slider door at night, I'm like, what if something's staring at me and I have no idea. And you're just like, or What if you are looking at it and you see a reflection, you see something behind you.


Oh. Oh I hate that. I don't like that at all. No, it'd be freaky. That'd be absolutely terrible. These kind of games where it's like, shut all the lights off in your house and summon a demon and then try to outrun that demon for a few hours. I'm like, who the fuck is doing that? You know what? You know who's doing that? And I was thinking about it when I was preparing this kids, kids at sleepovers are doing this. Yeah. And I'm gonna scare the shit outta my kids because if my kids bring a demon into my house someday I'm gonna be so mad I'll be displeased. Because I've tried really hard not to bring any kind of shit into my house. Yeah. Even if we, like if we record at my house and we talk about something spooky, I Palo santo the shit outta that room whenever it leaves. Oof. Kids will bring demons into your house if, oh, a Ouija board in my, I'm like very anti Ouija board.


Oh, you're anti the Ouija board. Yeah. I won't play. It's just too much for me. If all the day I see my kid bringing a Ouija board into the house. I loved Ouija boards. Oh, I'm eating that thing out the window. No, See I, I swore them off after my experience for a really long time. Did you? But then I was at this place one time and they had a Ouija board sitting out and I was like, oh, do you play the Ouija board? And she's like, oh no, it's more out for decoration. I mean sometimes we use it but it's more decoration. And she's like, why are you afraid of them? And I was like, yeah, I had like a thing and I don't really, you know, deal with them at all. And she was like, it's no different than wait. You use like the pendulum, you'll use the dowsing rods. It's true. You use the voice recorder. You're Communicating. No Matter you're communicating.


What's the difference? Sabrina literally just said that to me. Our friend Sabrina was here and I was using the pendulum. Yeah. She's like, and you won't do a Ouija board. And she was like, it's the same thing. It feels different and there's, it's not. But it sort of is because there's not really like steps to closing out the pendulum. Like I've never, I think there is, I've never closed. I think you can close out a pendulum session. I'm sure you can. But like I feel like nobody ever stresses the importance of it. People like really heavily stress the importance of closing out the Ouija board game. And I'm not good at steps. So I feel like I'm gonna miss one and I'll just fuck up my wife. You know? I think, I think you would love it if you did it. It would Blow your brains. Well I went and bought one so hell Yeah. I'm back in the oui board club. You're in game. The problem with the Ouija board for me is that it's too slow.


Really? I know. It is. Like I would rather Patience for it. Yeah. Like, oh my God, we have to sit here and spell out everything I'm asking. Like I've never played one ever. Oh, once it's, that's the thing, it's like, it's like your dying dream to get me to play Ouija board. It really is. 'cause it's like the energy of a Ouija board. Like I was always pretty neutral on Ouija boards. But like thinking about it when I used to do it when I was younger, I was like, man, there's nothing like when that thing moves for the first time or spell so out that you're like, that's a word. Yeah. Like why did that spell that out? I don't know why it creeps me out so much. 'cause I would do a seance, which like really isn't different is way worse than a, we board it probably, it's probably worse. I don't know, like 100% worse. It's just like a point system in my head. Like Ouija boards.


No, I feel like we'll get you at some point. You probably will. I'm very easily pushed her out. Well we can go stay at the Lizzie Borden house and the Ouija Board. Yes. They won't let you there. Oh they won't. No. So actually story. Yeah, they had a crazy one. So they forgot could this, when we went the first time I was like anti it. And they had them, they had multiple Ouija boards there. Yeah, they had multiple. And the next time we went, Elena and Sabrina wanted to do it and me and Corin were like, no, we're good. And they asked if they could do it, like the people that run there and they said no, we actually banned Ouija boards because somebody stole a Ouija board from like, when they did have it like collection was like old whole Ouija board. I think it was like the oldest one they had. And then they, it was missing for like months and months.


Yeah. And then one day the Ouija board, they, somebody came to work and it was just sitting on the steps of the house with a note. What did the note say? Make it stop the note said make it stop. Oh, I just got chill. I did too. I got chills. So, yeah. Ever since then you can't do Ouija make So they literally returned the Ouija board after stealing it. Yeah, I was like, and we went to the SK Pierce mansion too. And they won't let you do Ouija boards. I also think that was just bad vibes. It's like you stole a Ouija board. Like Right. That's fucked up from a crime scene. Like don't steal one from a crime scene. Yeah. I forget what happened at SK that they won't let you, there was a, there was a story. I think they, yeah, I think that was just like they, they're just against it I think. Oh. 'cause they think there, there might be like portals in that place.


Oh yeah. And they don't want, or somebody created one I think with a Ouija board. 'cause they had banned 'em out right from the beginning. I think they just didn't wanna like deal with it, essentially. I think that's the thing about Ouija boards and somebody did it against the rules and they said they opened something up that, that they can't, they closed. They definitely won't. I think that's the thing too is like, you always hear about portals associated with Ouija boards and like not being like opening up something that like you, you can't close. I think that's when it's not properly closed. Yeah. I think it's when people like fuck around. But that's my fear. Yeah. If I, if I was doing a Ouija board with people, they would need to be very serious. Yeah. You know, very serious. Very serious. Very serious situation. But that leads us into, would you rather, because that's not summoning anything.


Exactly. That except for funny answers. That's good. Clean fun. Yeah. So Bridget, would you rather spend the night alone at the Lizzie Borden house in Fall River or at the Whaley House in San Diego? Alone. Alone. I would rather probably the Lizzie Borden house. Yeah. What would you do if you had like the whole house just to yourself? I would probably just sit there and see if I can experience anything. Just like what happen. Not even necessarily with equipment or anything. Just see what I feel, what I see. Just kind of what the emotion is. What the house is doing itself. I feel like you, I feel like the Lizzie Borden house would be cool to experience alone. I might, I couldn't do it, but I couldn't do it by myself.


Yeah. I, And the Lizzie Borden house is, is set up more as a bed and breakfast type thing. Yeah. And the Whaley house is not, it's strictly a museum. So I feel like it would be way more comfortable to stay at. That's Very true. You could lay down if you wanted to. Very true. But logistically the Whaley house is much closer for me. That's true. But we're gonna get you back for Lizzie Borden. Now we we're gonna set this up. Yeah, we should. Honestly, it's like one of those things that I feel like I should have done. Like I should have spent the night there by now. Oh, It's such a different vibe. Next time you come out, tell us and we'll set it up. Rent place. So yeah. Okay. We'll rent it out. I've gone on a grave, I've Oh, you know, checked out the house next door. I checked out the house that Maplecroft, she moved to Maple. Yeah. Maplecroft. So like I've been all around it. Yeah. And done everything except for actually spend the night. Now it's renting the house out.


Get everybody out. Yeah. Just us in there. It's such a, and you like just have such free reign to go around. Mm. And now they're familiar how you want. They're familiar with us. Yeah. So I wonder if it would change the experience at all. The smell is coming. Yeah. Maybe We had a lot of rem pod action. Lots of rem pod action where they would be going off like insane. and it was always the touch one. Same in the SK house, remember? Yeah. We had the mansion. Yeah. That was crazy. We, Holly and I put up the rem pod in the, at the Queen Mary. We were in a Oh yeah. Like a suite. So we were out in the living room part and we put the rem pod in the bedroom area and it would not stop going off. Yes. So like, not stop. We had had to turn it off like we couldn't even record anything.


'cause it's just so loud and constantly beeping. And once it started, that was like we, we did the, the USS Salem. Oh God. In Quincy. Oh. Oh yeah. And we did it with Sam and Kolby. That's the scariest place I've ever been. and it was we, that was a wild one. And we went into like the mess hall area. And as we were going in there, Sam like jokingly said like, everyone report to the mess hall. And they did. And they put down the little, like the lullaby box thing. It was like that little, essentially it's like the REM pod where it's like the motion. Yeah. Yeah. He put it in the doorway and we all sat down and as we were sitting there, it just went off like, like dozens of people were walking into the room and it was toward the end of the night.


Like it hadn't really, that specific thing hadn't been, that active hadn't really gone off. And it's like, and it was going off literally like a, a herd of people were walking in the room and we were all just watching it. Like it was almost like he called for everybody. And everybody was like, oh okay. To the mess hall. Yeah. Like they all, it was like, we try, we like tried to debunk it. We were trying to do it. It was, yeah. So spooky. Like that thing went off for like That's so interesting. Yeah. 10 minutes straight. It was insane. Yeah. That room specifically the mess hall, that was where somebody like blew in your ear. Yes. Yeah. IFI felt someone blow into my, I could feel the hair she jumped move into my face. Yeah. Wow. It scared the shit out of me. I was poopy. Yeah. Yeah. I got poked in the back there and like a little girl spirit like tagged along with us and like was talking to me.


Yeah. Yeah. Not like I couldn't hear her but like she was talking to us through like the ghost tube. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was crazy. That one's a cool one too. And then we got chased out of there. We sure did. Yeah. That was scary. Yeah. They didn't want us there anymore. It was like me and Elena. And there was one specific room where one like entity or ghost there didn't like women and like didn't want them in that area. And of course we went in that area. And what did, we had the ghost pod or the ghost tube up. And what did it say? Contr. Contr. Yeah. Sam and Kobe me went to a way other part of the ship. 'cause they wanted to see if leaving us alone, something would happen. We were down, they said, they were like, are you guys cool to do that? Yeah. Like we were like absolutely. We were like, hell yeah. And I think it's said it said contrition at one point.


Yeah. and it said, and then it said ab repent repent at one point. and it said something about like, like sinful or something. It kept saying like very like biblical things at us. Yeah. Like over and over. And then at one point it said abort and as it said abort something fell. And like the other end of the room it was super loud. and it was so loud. We booked it Of there. Oh my God. You ended up like knocking something over. Colby was like, what did you knock over? I was like, I dunno. I'll pay for it. I'm terrified. Oh my God. So scary. It was so scary. Yeah. But it was crazy. It, yeah. That was wild. Alright, second. Would you rather Question is so random. I found this is my favorite. I found these on Google.


It said, would you rather have plants that whisper dark secrets or become a werewolf? Every full moon Plants that whisper dark secrets. Me too. Yeah. I know. That's pretty great. Mikey was like, are they my dark secrets Or Are they like just dark secrets in general? Up to interpretation. Yeah. Yeah. I would, yeah. I'd rather that Right. I don't wanna turn into a werewolf. That sounds painful. Yeah. That's the only thing stopping me from picking that one is I'm like, I feel like that sounds painful. Yeah. You'd be sore the next day I feel. Right? Yeah. Probably. I enjoy the full moon, so I just wanna like me too. Appreciate. I just wanna Crystals. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Drink the moon water. I don't wanna have to go Like and listen to my plants whisper. Yeah. Whispering dark secrets that aren't mine. Yeah. You're like, whoa.


That's crazy. Wouldn't you do Imagine? Yeah. Tell me more. You just walk by your plants and they're like, hey. And you're like, oh shit, I have something to tell you. Well what is it? And then last one, this one's crazy. Would you rather have nightmares every single night that came true? Or live a life where you cannot distinguish between reality and your dreams? I mean, not being able to distinguish might be kind of a cool way to live. You're just, I Know That. You're kind of just tripping through life. Yeah. Literally. Honestly, I think I don't want nightmares to come true. Those are so frightening sometimes. That's The thing. Some of my nightmares are way too gnarly to coming to life.


Like, I barely remember my dreams. But like the one, when I, when you say the word nightmare, the one that comes to mind is like, I was like on this like cliff edge and I was like trying to hold on with like just my fingernails. And I was like so on the edge. And people are like, you have to walk back this way. And I was, it would mean I'd have to turn around. I'm not this like, I'm barely holding on and I'm literally like peeling my fingernails back, trying to hold onto the side of the cliff. and it was like freaking me out. So I think of things like that. I'm like, that's a nightmare to me. And that just becoming true. True. That's Scary. No, thank you. I Have like a recurring nightmare that I've had for years and years and years. I get it like once a week, I swear once a week outside and I hear a plane very loud.


And so I look up and a plane crashes like in my yard, like right in front of me. That's scary. And And I can see it getting like bigger and bigger in the sky kind of thing. and it crashed and then I wake up. I don't like that you have that every week. I have it so much. Like if somebody trying to often tell you so, but it's just me like witnessing it. That's scary. And then I wake up. Yeah. That's 'cause I hate the idea of that. Like the idea of that is, I think it's because it's one of my biggest fears is like seeing that happen. Yeah. Like right. I don't like, like big things. Yeah. Yeah. You have that. I forget what it's called. There's a phobia associated with that. I hate like o like big buildings or like statues freak me the fuck up. Oh really? We drove by a boat once that had like a bunch of airplanes on it and she like freaked out.


Yeah. I don't blame you. It is, it just makes me uncomfortable. Like I don't like it. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. I don't like blimps. Oh, I got that. They freak me out. Yeah. Like when I see them hovering like that. Yeah. They're too big. Yeah, I don't like that. Yeah, There's just Something about them and they just hover And it's just that little compartment. Yeah. Like the big, Ugh. I feel like I need to go on one so I don't, so You can feel like it's fine Negatively anymore. But every time I see one I'm always like, Hate you. Hate your energy. Or like Nick will send me a picture of one and be like, just us for funny. Like he's driving to work, he'll see one, take a picture of it and send it to me. I'm like, no, I don't need to see the Goodyear blimp today. You're like, That's disgusting. I don't need to see, I hate that. And John will send I think Denberg.


Yes. John will send me pictures of like these huge statues around the world. He's like, oh no. There's like, in other parts of the world, there's statues that are just not natural. Like they should exist. It's true. Not exist. They're far too big. And he's always like, look at this one. And I'm like, ah. Like I can't, we could never take you to like Dubai or something. My God. Because all the buildings are like crazy tall. I would lose my mind. Oh that's like my dream. I would lose my mind. I love heights. I'd be like, this is too much. Yeah. I was Just in Scotland and they have what's called kelpies and they're these giant horse heads coming outta The water. My god. You would Hate them. That sounds horrific. Oh my God. There's They're bringing you to them. Scotland is my like ultimate bucket list place was. Yeah. Yeah. Like ultimate bucket list place. Yeah. There's a castle called Erhart Castle.


Yeah. Or it's not our family's, but we gotta see it. We gotta see it. Yeah. You like we don't own the castle. I'm like, what's not ours? It's ruins now. But yeah. That'd be fun. It's right on Loch Ness. Yeah. That'd be crazy to see. It's One of the stops when you Yeah, It's one of the stops. Oh yeah. We should definitely do that. I know. 'cause my dad's like, we gotta go to the Highlands. Yeah. Because it's his, his side of the family is like super. Yeah. We went to Highlands Scottish. Yeah. Did you go We didn't go to that castle, but we went into the Highlands. Yeah. And everything. We went to other castles and we did like tasting too of different things. Scotches and Scott Salmon and chocolates and like all their thing. Meat pies. All their, you know all their things. Oh that's been amazing.


So fun. I really wanna go to the aisle of sky. Oh yeah. We didn't do that. Where it's like, it's supposed to be very like I feel like the girls would just go nuts over it. Definitely. Like the fairy rings and like, you know, fairy pools and all that. I feel like it would just be like insane to see. I, yeah, I definitely want to do that. Yeah. Scotland is calling me. Yeah. Keeps saying it. It was awesome. And we just got back like two weeks ago. Oh wow. That's so cool. That's so much fun. How long did you spend? We Were four days in Scotland and then we went to Switzerland. Oh. And Paris and London. Oh What a trip. Trip of a Bigger trip Trip. That's awesome. Have you ever done a Ripper tour? A Jack the Ripper tour? Yeah. We did that back on Girls Next Door when we went with Hess. Oh Yeah, I do remember that. Yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh my God.


I remember that Episode. I was like, we have to do the Jack the Ripper Tour. That would've been me. And we went to, what is it called? Eight Bells or Seven Bells, Whatever was Seven bells. Seven Bells. Yeah. That little bar. I mean we walked in and everybody was like, Hello? Like how you doing? Yeah, we, the cameras whole place went quiet. And then we also did the, oh I'm blanking on what it's called now, but it's like a setup place where you walk through. Yes. And they have the Jack the Ripper section. They have a place. Oh wow. Section. They have like a, you know, all the different like, oh I would love to do that. Horrible history that happened there. Yes. That was fun. Yeah. When we go to Scotland, I feel like we need to do London too. Yeah. I gotta do, I gotta see White chapel. Yes. Yeah, definitely. I feel I was disappointed 'cause it wasn't all foggy.


Like I I know it's not like you think it's gonna Be. Yeah. They're like, yeah we don't have fog anymore. That was like kind of the industrial revolution and like pollution. I feel like that was 1888. So like hear that out. Yeah. We got that under control. Now you import some In It's for you to breathe here now get wishing. Do the fog machines. Yes. Can feel more authentic. Yes. Yes. I need it. I love it. Oh, this has been so much fun. Oh, this has been great. We need to do one of these again. Yeah. More haunted games together. We're getting the Lizzie Borden house happening. Yes. I totally thought you guys were gonna bring up like light is a feather stiff as a board and Oh my God. Yes. We did that one on our last installment. I forget. We did forget. I swear. We like research things and then they just fall out of my brain afterwards.


I know. 'cause it's too much. Same, but like as a feather stiff as a board has like a dark history actually. So I've never had success with it. Really? I think people don't take it seriously enough when I'm playing it. No, but I've heard people that have and have actually levitated people. I feel like when I was younger, and this is probably like my memory, just feeling like as a kid that we did it, I feel like we had a little success at least like slightly lifting someone. That's good. But I don't know if that's just like me as a kid being like, we totally did that. Yeah. But we used to do it all the time. We used to try and play it all the time too. And I can't, I don't think it ever worked. We, I was recently in Canada and I was shooting a movie. It wasn't scripted or anything.


Or at least not my part. I just had to go there and be the paranormal investigator and literally do paranormal investigating. I Love. That's Cool. and it was sort of just shot reality show style, like no script or anything. And we did table tipping. Oh. And it worked. I would to do it. And the table do was moving like across the like movies. Holy Shit. Wow. And this was not set up. Like this is like, I know the people who are doing this movie. Yeah. And everything. Like they're friends of mine and stuff like, this is not set up. It was a card table. I watched the card table be set up. We put like two fingers each on it. We had 2K, two meters on the top. Both of them were lighting up at the same time. Crazy. And the whole table was like crazy. Moving crazy. Where was it that you did This? In Canada, in Winnipeg.


That Would be so much fun. That would Be, there was this haunted hotel room and we were in the room. Stop. Oh my God. Oh my God. That would be insane to see that. I would do, it was no eja boards, but I'll table tip. Yeah. Like let's go seance. Yes. It was so cool. That's so cool. And like everyone was freaking out and jumping up and like letting go of the table, but it's still moving. Wow. And it moved back and it was crazy. 'cause at first I could feel it. Like I could feel like a vibration sort of happening. Like some kind of like pulse in There and then like almost like a tapping from underneath. Oh. And then, and then all of a sudden it's like, and it starts sliding. Oh, that's so weird. That's so creepy. Yeah. Is there like some way to make it stop? Like how do you like close it out when you're done.


Everybody just like, well, let's go and, and Then it just scoops. It's like the chain is broken. Yeah. Wow. That is freaky. I did find my light as a feather stiff as a board document. It's not as dark as I remember, but it dates back to like the 16 hundreds. But back in the 16 hundreds they used to say, behold a dead body, still a stone cold as marble light as a spirit. We lift you in the name of Jesus Christ. Ooh. Which is way darker than light is scarier. Yeah. But light is a feather way scarier. Yeah. But they've been playing it for, I mean, people have been playing it forever and ever. So that's how the witch trials started. Yeah. Probably light as a feather. Stiff as a board chick. I remember when we did this episode, I don't wanna like go over the whole thing 'cause obviously people would be like, you did that.


But it was something about how like little girls have a fascination with death and like the other side of things. I think because women were persecuted so often back in those days, but they were like, I should know about this. Yeah, exactly. They were fascinated by it. That makes sense. But yeah. So creepy. Yeah, it was creepy. Let's play that version instead. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it'll work for you if you do it that way. Maybe do it like the OG way. It sounds so much more serious too. Does. It does. Yeah. That's That's business. That is business. Yeah. When you bring like dead bodies and Jesus into it. Yeah. It's business. Anytime you bring things into it, that's, that's scary. Next time, next time you come, we'll play. Yeah. Okay. All we'll do it.


But to end this off, do you have anything that you wanna plug? Obviously your new pod plug plug. Yeah. Just the new pod Ghost Bunny podcast. We have a YouTube channel and the podcast. Yes. I love it. It's so good. check out you guys and girls. Next level is so good too. Oh, girls. Next level is so fun. It's my, I listen to it all the time. Oh good. Thank you. I'm totally caught up. Thank you. Yep. And the cover of Ghost Bunny is gorgeous. Love. Oh, that. Thank you. I'm obsessed. So we were just talking about it yesterday. We were like, stop. Your dress is so pretty. Yeah. I love it. So good. And you, I feel like you would picture like somebody like running, wearing like a white dress. I love that. Yours is pink. Yeah. Yes. It's the Bridget Touch. It's gonna be, yeah, exactly. I love it. Exactly. Well guys, thank you so much for listening.


We hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Weird but not so weird that you don't go listen to Ghost Bunny Bridget's new pod. Do it. I


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola GABA was born into legal, royalty, or specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous Gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld, and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the NEW PODCAST in informants lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases, and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She Was addicted to the game she had created. She just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants Lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus Join, Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify. And listen to more Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now.