
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and even more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Recently I listened to So Thirsty, which was really good. I like how the narrator went between the two characters voices. That was really fun. And then I just started listening to God of the Woods. So good. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plans and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am obsessed with fast growing trees. We actually ordered a couple things from them. I got a couple shrubs and I also got a lemon tree. So I'll always have fresh lemons. If you know me, you know that I love Shannon Boor and you gotta have nine lemons in that bowl, baby. So I'm excited about that. And listen, you don't need to have a yard or a lot of space. You can grow, like I just said, a lemon tree and avocado, olive, or even a fig tree inside your home. On top of the wide variety of houseplant available this spring, they have the best deals for your yard. Up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Morbid at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using the code Morbid at checkout fast-growing trees.com code Morbid. Now is the perfect time to plant. Use Morbid to save today. Offer is available for a limited time Terms and conditions apply.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is Morbid in the morning. We haven't done one of these in a little while. I know. I had a merch idea this morning. Whoa. Actually, when I was driving here, I was like, oh, I get to say that it's Morbid in the morning. We should just do like a shirt that says like Morbid in the morning. Like, like maybe like embroidered on like the shirt with like little coffee. A little coffee. Coffee. Yes. Yeah, that's how I pictured it too. Yes. I love that.


Yay. We'll do that sometime. We'll do that someday. Yes. We'll do that. I love that idea. Thank you. I had a strange dream last night and I don't remember the, the dream itself. This is gonna sound so random. Let's go. But i's go remember in the dream someone was using pemdas to solve an equation. Oh my God. Parentheses, exponents, multiplication, division, subtraction, addition, subtraction. Addition, subtraction. Yes. And I, I woke up and I said, what is the E in Pemdas? That was the first thought I, the first thought I had this morning. That's crazy. I rolled over and I looked at John and I said, do you remember what the E is in Pemdas?


And he was like, do you remember? Was like, you just opened your eyes. Like, what do you mean? And I was, I was like, how dare you assault me? He literally was like, what are you talking about? And I was like, PEMDAS, you know how you like solve, solve, learn, solve, big learn. Oh yeah. But it was literally, he had just opened his eyes and he was like, I remember what Pemdas is. And I was like, exponent. And he was like, was like, what is happening? Like, he was like, we're not even out of bed yet to the power of babies. But I was like, exponent. I remember it now. And then I got really happy that I remembered it and then I was like, that was the weirdest set of events to wake up with. One thing I was really good at in school was math. Weirdly. Yeah. That's, I mean, I was not great at math. I fucked heavy with PDAs. I'm struggling. I'm trying to help the girls with their math. Well that's not our math.


But even like the, the basic shit, like they started learning fractions and I was like, oh, fuck me right up. I'm pretty always, I wasn great. Fractions. Fractions. It's not my favorite. I'm figuring it out. Honestly. I just think of baking. Well that's, honestly, I think baking has helped me. 'cause I'll like just be, because the problem is when you're baking, I have like a Google Home thing, so I'll just be like, Hey Google, what's like, yeah. How do I make like blah, blah, blah out of blah, blah, blah. So you don't do like, you don't exercise that part of your brain anymore. Yeah. Seeing they're doing like full on like Yeah. You know? Right. But you know, we're getting there. Yeah. We're learning math. There you go. And, oh, I have something to tell you guys. That's just like a fun little thing.


I'm not, we're not being paid by this company. I just really like this thing. See, I do too. They can be a sponsor if they want to. Like, they're not, please. I mean, we are both very passionate. They, yeah. So this is, I found this in case I feel like a lot of people could use this right now. Yes. Just with the state of the world. It's this app that's like described as a self-care tamagotchi, which it literally is. Which immediately drew me into it. I said yes. And it's called Finch, F-I-N-C-H. Like the bird. It's so cute. And you literally take care of this little bird by doing things for yourself, for yourself. And like you let, and it's a very good app.


Like it's really good. I've been using it for two full weeks now. Same. And it's like actually helping me be more mindful. So basically you just kinda like list out things that you would like to accomplish for the day. They literally give you a list to begin with. And one of those things is get out of bed. Get out of bed. So it's like you, you don't have to shoot for the stars. Yeah. Like it's, and you can check that off. I got out of bed and it gives you like a yay. You did it. Yeah. And so like I have like, you know, drinking a certain amount of water and making sure I do that. Like read for 10 minutes, write for 20 minutes, like make sure I have all these little, like, you know, and you can say like, you know, brush your teeth. Yeah. Wash your, so mine are like home cooked meal. Like Yeah. Eat dinner home.


Some of them are like, I have put one item away that is not in its place. Because like with kids, things just get wild in. Oh yeah. You know? And so doing that is like something that can start you on like, it a chain organizing somewhere. A one of them is smile at yourself in the mirror. I love that. Which actually really, it sounds weird. That's really cute. And it sounds crazy cute, but it, it can bring you up a little bit. Yeah. And not just like smile at yourself in the thing. Definitely not, won't do anything. It's like, look at yourself and genuinely smile at yourself in the mirror. And it will give you a little boost of like chip skylark in the mirror, babe. There you go. Like, do it. Yeah. You're shiny teeth in you.


It's true. I have turn off notifications for an hour. Oh, I love that. Which is great. I don't need to have that as a goal. I just do that. Yeah. I usually do that, but I, I literally like, phone upstairs don't even Oh yeah. Do not disturb is my shit. Especially on the weekends disturb. If you can't get in touch with me, I'm on Do not disturb. Not disturb, not disturb. Disturb. I have take a short walk without distractions. No. I have my, the kids my hour walk every day on mine. And you, so like, you check them off and it gives your little bird energy and your little bird goes on adventures every day and they tells you about it. At the end of the day, they discover something new. Yeah. And it's just like, it's a cute little thing. It might help you just like, yeah. Check off some little things that you would like to make habits out of or try try to just, you know, make yourself feel good.


I also, I highly recommend it. Yeah. I feel like it's good for like kids too. Like, you know. Yeah. Like if you're like 13-year-old or whatever, how old, however old your kid is that has a phone. It's like a good app to like teach them, you know, like, do things care for yourself. Self self care. Exactly. And turning like healthy things into routines. Yeah. Habits. Like, I'll literally like work out for 15 minutes Yeah. On there. That's great. Because it's literally like, just move for 15 minutes. So I, I highly recommend it. And again, we're not being sponsored by then. This is just, this is just one of those recommendation moments that I think would benefit a lot of people. So. Yeah. No, Elena told me about it and I've used it every day since. Oh. And there's also a little thing, this, this made me happy. Yeah. There's like even more stuff than just the goals.


There's a lot of, yeah, there's a lot of things that you can do on here. So I, I recommend you download it and kind of explore it a little bit. Yes. Go check it out. Because there's something called like, like they have like breathing techniques. Those are nice. They have movements. Like they, they'll give you little things to get yourself moving for 10 minutes or something. They have soundscapes. You write downs are nice reflections and journal entries and thoughts. And they have a first aid kit, which is if you're feeling very anxious or if something happened that upset you or go or put you in some type of way, like you're panicky. Yeah. Like you can, it can help you just like get through it. No, like there's a rant zone, there's grounding exercises. Oh, I did the rant zone the other day. Yeah. There's like, what would you say to a loved one And it's directing compassion inwards towards yourself.


Sometimes. It's really beautiful. I can be mean to me. So the, it was very helpful. 'cause sometimes, you know, people can trigger you. Yeah. And sometimes you're your own worst critic anyway. Yeah. And it, and it helps you like not take in all the yuckiness on the outside. Yeah. And if it helps you like work through it if, if some leaks through. Yeah. So, Hey Finch, If you wanna sponsor Finch, we're kind of obsessed with you. You, you just gave you a pretty good, a good advertising and we forgot to tell you the best part. You get to name your little bird. Oh yes. Mine's name is Gatsby and mine is big. And thank you. So guys, download it. I I just highly recommend it if you're looking for something Yes. To help yourself there. And it, it's been helpful to me.


I like it. It's very cute. I think it's great. And it's made me more mindful of things, like certain things. 'cause I'll look and I'll be like, you haven't read for 10 minutes. Read. Like, when can you schedule that in? I should put that on mine. 'cause I've been not keeping up with my reading lately. Yeah. And it's, it's really helpful. Yeah. I love that. So Finch, everybody. Hell yeah. Yeah. That Finch, that's my little recommendation for the day. Alright, well moving on into the case of the day, but case of the, today I have an unsolved case today, which really infuriates me because there's kind of no reason that this should be unsolved. Yeah. So this is the unsolved murder of Kristen O'Connell. So let's get into it. Kristen Marie O'Connell was born January 12th, 1965. She was one of two kids born to Michael and Phyllis O'Connell, who raised her and her brother Kyle in Burnsville, Minnesota.


According to Michael O'Connell, his daughter was a really fun, really easygoing, outgoing child. But he said she also had a very serious side. He said she was somewhat religious and had put a lot of thought into becoming a nun, actually. Oh wow. And you can find like some evidence of Kristen's faith throughout her early life. When her grandmother, who she was really, really close with died in 1975, 10-year-old, Kristen turned to her faith to help her kind of cope with this loss. In a letter written after her grandmother's death, she said as she wrote, death is a subject pushed aside, never talked about, I think it should be talked about. It's a part of life. Some people die fast, others die young, some old, it all depends when God wants us with him.


Wow. Which is like pretty fucking profound for a 10-year-old. It is. And if that, like, it sounds like it was like a comfort. Yeah, exactly. You know, now, while Kristen would always take her faith pretty seriously, she was also, in most respects, a pretty typical Midwestern girl and a very ideal daughter for her parents. Wow. Her mother Phyllis told her reporter in 2023, we had a great relationship And she was, she was the one all the boys wanted to marry. Aw. Which I just think is so sweet. Like a lot of girls her age she had and where she was from, she had a deep love of horses And she worked part-time at a stable near Burnsville And she boarded her own horse there. Okay. She also was remembered as being a very kind, very open person. She trusted people without reservation.


Her Aunt Barb said she was the type of person that wanted to sit and chat about anything and everything going on with her life. Aw. She sounds just cool. Yeah. She just sounds like a, a good person. Like someone you, she was beautiful too. She was gorge. Yeah. And just someone you'd wanna be friends with, you know? Yeah. She just seems like a cool chick. Yeah. So after graduating from high school, Kristen was accepted to the University of Wisconsin Stout where she majored in hotel and restaurant management. Oh. Which I feel like that'd be like a pretty fucking fun career. And also That's really smart. Really smart because that's something like you, you're really setting yourself up for like a career. Yeah. And also you have to be like so organized. Yes. You have to be a level of of organization that I don't even think I could ever acquire. Yeah. I can't even comprehend it.


And you also have to be a real people person. Yes. Like really good with people. Yes. And have a, a good demeanor. Which it sounds like she was kind of perfect for that. Definitely. She sounds like she was like very bubbly. Yeah. You know, but in the spring of her sophomore year, she took a vacation to Cap, I think it's Captiva Island near Fort Myers, Florida. And she was just celebrating spring break with some of our friends. Very typical. Yeah. While she was there, she met 18-year-old James Vermeers Jr. Who was working on the island as a waiter at the time. He had recently graduated high school where he'd grown up in Ovid, New York, and he was planning to go back home to Ovid in a few months. So Kristen and James headed off immediately and actually even after Kristen went home to Minnesota at the end of spring break, they were keeping in touch through letters and phone calls.


Now after months of this kind of like long distance relationship of sorts, they weren't boyfriend and girlfriend, but it was, it seemed like it was like kind of heading down that road. Yeah. Kristen decided that she wanted to visit James in New York to get to know him better. Okay. 'cause you know, they've been contact like contacting each other through letters and phone. She's like, let's spend some time together. They're, they're, they're rank like going up the steps of the relationship letter. Yeah, exactly. Also remember when people wrote letters. I know. Crazy. That's like, it's so cute. It is. It is really cute. Really cute. Penn Palace. I know. So since she wanted to get to know him better, she planned a visit for mid August, just a few weeks before she was gonna go back to Wisconsin Stout for her junior year. Initially Kristen's mom, Phyllis was kind of apprehensive about her daughter visiting a boy that she didn't really know too well.


Several states away and unaccompanied. I get it. In fact, according to Kristen's brother, Kyle, his parents actually were arguing about it for a few days before Kristen actually did leave. Mm. The dad, Michael eventually convinced his wife that it was time to let Kristen be a woman and make her own decisions. So Phyllis obviously eventually agreed to let her go. Reasoning that Kristen had always been a really responsible girl. She'd always been very trustworthy. So there was really no reason not to let her go other than her own apprehension. Yeah, of course. You know, which, what an impossible position. Yeah. And it's hard. I mean, she's an adult technically sounds like. Well you wanna give her the independence and the freedom to make choices and you can't tether them to you for the rest of their lives.


Right. As much as we want to as parents. Me, well, I think as, as soon as your kids turn like 17, 18, 19, that's a really hard age. Oh, I can't even fathom because it's just like uncharted territory for you. Yeah. Your whole, up until then you have been able to te tether them to you. Pretty much. Yeah. And it's your, your role, your role. Like you have to, you know, you, you get to make the rules and it's like at that point you do feel, it's like, it must be this weird feeling of like, well I have to kind of give them a little freedom, but I don't want to Yeah. At the same time. Like, I wanna just keep them here. And it's like a loss of control and control is not always a bad thing, you know? Yeah, it's true. But she was so excited when she left that day. She came in, kissed me and said, mom, don't worry.


Everything's fine. It'll be fine. So with her parents' consent now Kristen traveled from Minnesota to Boston where a family friend picked her up and then drove her to Syracuse, New York where James Ver Vermeers and one of his friends picked her up. Okay. So Kristen arrived in New York on the night of Monday, August 12th and her plan was to stay until that Friday. So not a super long time. Yeah. She was really, really excited about this trip. Super excited to see James, like I said, get to know him better. Yeah. But her enthusiasm started to wane almost as soon as she arrived in New York.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy cost anywhere from a hundred dollars to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. I love therapy. I think everybody should be able to experience therapy. We all have so much going on in our day-to-day that it's nice to just sit down with somebody once a week, you know, once every other week and just download everything and work through everything. And with 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your very busy life. Plus you can switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


We all have routines that bring us calm in a chaotic and often scary world. For me, it's arming my simply safe home security system. When I'm heading out every morning or I'm locking up each night, that simple step does more than just protect my family and my home. It gives me peace of mind. With SimpliSafe, I sleep more soundly and I leave the house with more confidence. It's really amazing how one small push of a button can have such a big impact. I also sleep even better knowing that I got a panic button in my room. So, and that's from SimpliSafe. I can just hit that button and boom, that alarm is going and somebody's gonna come Help us with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in and that's too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they even happen. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. Visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


Initially James told Kristen that he, that she was gonna stay at his parents' house where he also lived. So like very normal situation there. But when she arrived in Ovid, he told her that the plans had changed unexpectedly and that instead they were gonna be staying in a trailer on his parents' property. Nah. So that would like freak me out a little bit. Would that would freak me out. She definitely sounds like she was a little put off by it. Yeah. I feel like that would make your like flight or fight senses kind of kick in a bit. Yeah. You know. Yeah. So she was like, okay, like sounds good. And she told her mom and the change of plans was concerning for Phyllis who believed her daughter would be staying in a home with adults present. Yeah. But she was like, you're already there and I already told you you could go.


I trust you and you know, you're still on their property so you'll be safe. And again, hard position. And again, not a lot she can do. Her daughter's technically an adult. Exactly. So it's unclear how the two spent their day on Tuesday. But by the next day, Kristen reportedly went swimming with James and his friends and then the group went to a local bar slash restaurant where they shot a game of pool on the way back to the trailer. James stopped at a store to buy some sandwiches, get some beers, and then the group of eight went back to James' trailer to hang out. And it was that afternoon that Kristen received a second piece of unwanted and unexpected news for several months. She and James had been corresponding, like I said, with you know, phone calls and letters and you know, he had even invited her to come visit him.


Yeah. Giving the impression that he had some kind of romantic interest in her. Yeah. Obviously. But according to Michael O'Connell, Kristen's dad, while James was talking with Kristen, he also had been dating a girl in New York. Oh. So he is an asshole. Yeah. And he quote planned to tell Kristen about it when she arrived in Ovid. So you invited this girl to another state so you could tell her that you're dating someone else. It's like, why are you allowing her to come to like, there's obviously nothing's gonna happen between the two of you. Or like that's how you're making it seem. That's a dick move and nothing should happen because you have a girlfriend and obviously Kristen's a very respectable girl. So she's like, fuck you, nothing is gonna happen But you let her get all the way out there.


No, that makes literally no sense that you have her travel to another state. So you can tell her that you have a girlfriend and two other, she went from Minnesota to Boston and then from Boston to New York. Like this was a lot of, And she could have told her in a letter. Yeah. Like, what's wrong with you? Or phone call. Yeah. I don't, that's bullshits so much, much effort put into this trip. Yeah. For you to just kind of like crush her. That feels like her there. Yeah. That feels like an exercise in humiliation is what it feels like. An I'm angry. It does. It's just shitty. Yeah. So it appears that James did finally tell Kristen about his straight up girlfriend at some point on the afternoon or the evening of Tuesday, August 14th after they got back to the trailer. Also, how'd your girlfriend feel about that? That you invited a girl?


Two states, like states away? Yeah. To come see you, who you've been corresponding with, who you've corresponding with like, I'm sorry, that's weird as fuck. It is weird. And also like, like were you telling your girlfriend? Are your friends gonna say something to her? Like, what is going on here? It's a very strange situation. No, this is very strange. So upon learn learning about James's relationship, Kristen called her mom in Minnesota and told her the trip really wasn't going as well as she hoped it was that hoped it would. And she was gonna cut it short and actually come home the next day. Oh I just wonder that like everything in my soul is like, I just want you to come home. Yeah, same. So according to Phyllis, Kristen quote sounded upset but wouldn't say if anything was wrong. Oh. She was just like, she was upset And she wanted to come home early.


Oh my Phyllis was probably wanting to just like reach over and grab her. And it sounds like, you know, like it could have been very much the like, you know, like she's having a hard time 'cause she's an adult And she can't stop her from going. But you wonder if she had some kind of maternal instinct there. She probably did. And then like everybody else made her second guess it kind of thing. Yeah. You know, or, And she, you know, even she might've just second guessed it on her own. Yeah. 'cause you're taught to be like, let 'em do what they want. And it's like, no, sometimes in this world you can't just, yeah. You have to trust her, her, you know what I mean? Just knows like the world just tells people like this like, oh, you're just being crazy or just being paranoid. Yeah. You're being overprotective. And it's like, no she wasn't. She's sometimes you just know.


Yeah. So the group continued hanging out until late into the evening. Remember they're all hanging out at James's trailer and around 11:00 PM James said he was gonna go pick up a pizza and he left and Kristen announced to the rest of the group that she was gonna go out for a walk. Like shortly after he left, according to 17-year-old David Chamberlain who was at the trailer that night. Neither Kristen nor James seemed upset. There was no fights or arguments that broke out at the party. He said she just went out for a walk and didn't come back. When she left, nobody figured anything was wrong. Hmm. So back home in Burnsville, Kristen actually often took late night walks by herself. Her and her, her family lived on a subdivision, so it was like a little safer to go for a late night walk.


So she mostly, most likely didn't think twice about going for a walk to clear her head Yeah. Out here. But when Kristen still hadn't returned after two hours, the group at the party started to get concerned. So they set out on foot to look around the area for her. And when she still hadn't been found by the following afternoon, James called the state police to report her missing. I'm sorry, what? So she goes out for a walk at around like a little after 11:00 PM She doesn't return by 1:00 AM they go out and look for her and they don't find her. And then presumably everybody just goes to sleep and wakes up the next afternoon and then calls the police.


That's weird. That is weird. That's weird to, I'm sorry I'm not, I'm not pointing fingers at anybody. I'm not pointing fingers, but I'm saying that's just weird saying objectively. That's fucking weird. Yeah. Like if my, if I'm at a party and it's not even like my friend, it's just like somebody at the party and I hear that they're missing and we go look for them and don't find them when we don't find them, when that's when we call the police. Yeah. We say, okay, we gotta call the cops now 'cause something's awry. And there was plenty of people there that like at least one of them should have been like, Hey, I think we should call the police. And followed through with that decision. Absolutely. For sure. Weird. Yeah. So after receiving the very late report that Kristen O'Connell had gone missing a search team of about 90 police officers and firefighters from four towns set out from the Vermeer's house to look for Kristen.


About 90 minutes later the team found Kristen's body. She was not alive. They found her body about 300 yards into a cornfield along Route 1 39, which is a rural road about a quarter mile from the trailer where she'd last been seen. Ovid fire chief Robert Fav Rou said, I know that's what you go on searches to find, but this is an awful way to end it. Usually when you go out on these things, you find out the person you're looking for is hundreds of miles away. But you never know till you find it. Ugh. That's awful. Yeah. When she was discovered Kristen was fully nude, her throat had been slashed And she had also been stabbed several times in the chest. Oh my God.


Yeah. The scene had the hallmarks of a sexual assault, but it would quickly be, be determined that she had not been raped. Oh wow. Major Richard Tanzi told reporters the apparent intentions may have been a sexual attack, but it may not have taken place. Eventually ending instead with murder. A few days later, the medical examiner would label Kristen's death, obviously a murder, a homicide. And there was evidence that she had put up a tremendous fight for her life. And it was also determined that at this, at that time, she had no drugs and no alcohol in her system. So she was fully sober. Yeah. A cursory search of the scene didn't really turn up as much as far as evidence. And there was no sign of a murder weapon anywhere in the area.


Investigators took soil samples. Blood samples, and what little physical evidence they could find. And sent it to a state lab in Bing Hampton for Binghamton for testing. Hmm. In the meantime, the press and public became very concerned that there was now a killer amongst 'em. Yeah. A few months earlier in May convicted murderers, Hugh Collum and Bernard Welch had escaped from a Chicago correctional facility and were believed to have flood to the Northeast. So that was very concerning for people. Yeah. They were like, oh shit. Did these two have something to do with it? Like what going on? Welch was arrested in Philadelphia in early August, but at the time of Kristen's murder, Kelo was still on the loose. And Tanzi told reporters, we've got an idea that the murderer could have been in the area and we've got a murder.


But he clearly stated that Kelo was not a suspect, which is interesting. That is interesting. A few months later, they actually did arrest Kelo after he robbed a bank in Mississippi. So he was definitively ruled out as a suspect at that point. Okay. So after Kristen's body was removed from the field and all the evidence was gathered, Tanzi and the other state police investigators started interviewing witnesses and just conducting like door-to-door canvases. Basically everybody at the party was quickly ruled out as a suspect. Hmm. Tanzi told reporters everybody at that party came from Well-to-do families in this community. Oh. They're respected in this area. Okay. Good to know. While being from a wealthy family is hardly evidence of innocence because as we know, wealthy people kill people too.


And people from wealthy families kill people too. Yeah. Quite frequently actually, the group had been together all evening and with the exception of James going out for pizza shortly before Kristen left on the walk, none of them had left the trailer other than to go look for her. Okay. And the medical examiner did place the time of death somewhere between midnight and 1:30 AM and that was after James had already gotten back to the party. Okay. So, so there's that. Yeah. And this time of death is, was also supported by what neighbors described as a quote unquote horrific scream heard in the direction of the cornfield between 1215 and 12:30 AM Now here's my, did hear anyone call the police, it doesn't sound like it.


Call the police doesn't sound when you hear a blood curdling scream in a cornfield. Okay. Just do that for me. Also, if neighbors of this family heard the scream, why didn't the group, why didn't the group on the in the trailer valid? That doesn't valid question make any sense to me. Yeah, that's a valid question. Or did they hear the scream and then that's when they went out looking, but also she was found not too far from the property. Yeah. And they all went out looking for her for hours. Hmm. It's just weird. It's just all they got ruled out. Very interesting. They got ruled out as suspects, but, but there's just still some like lingering questions around. Yeah. And it also happened quickly in my opinion. Yeah.


So even though they had been ruled out as suspects in her murder, it remains unclear why Kristen left the party near midnight to go for a walk in an area very unfamiliar to her. Well that's, I think that's the thing. It's like we're not pointing fingers at anyone. It's just like there's some unanswered questions that it doesn't seem like had enough attention. Yeah, exactly. That could be missing pieces to a puzzle that may not include them being part of it. Yeah. It's just like, why weren't all the pieces put together? Yeah. You know, and also just like in retrospect, don't let somebody go for a walk alone when they're not familiar with this area. Yeah. That's, I'm not understanding, I, it's just sad that she didn't have a friend here. Yeah. That makes me sad. And the one person who was supposed to be her friend had like kind of turned this trip into shitty Yeah.


For like very shitty for her. But state police investigator Jeffrey Arnold said in 2009 she did not do drugs and was not a drinker. She may have been uncomfortable at the party because alcohol was involved and decided to take a walk. Yeah, that makes sense. Others suggested that, you know, Kristen was probably upset that James had just told her about his girlfriend And she maybe wanted to go clear her head. And then other people say, you know, maybe she just wanted to get some air. She didn't plan to be gone long. And also she was barefoot when she left the party, which suggests that she didn't plan to be gone for very long. Yeah. If she was barefoot, she was not planning on being gone long. No, that was a quick little, little stroke. Yeah. Wow. Interesting. Right. Very interesting.


So whatever her reason for leaving the party, investigators soon learned that Kristen might not have been alone for the duration of her walk, despite being a rural route. Route 1 39 was commonly used by locals as a shortcut across town. And it also tended to be busy with traffic going to the Seneca Army Depot and the Golden Buck, which is a prop, a popular restaurant and bar and Ovid. Sergeant Thomas Warren said a couple of passing motorists have told us they saw people in two cars talking to Kristen along the road at about 11:45 PM Other witnesses reported seeing a late seventies greener blue sedan on Route 1 39 right around the time of the murder with one or possibly two male occupants.


And some of the witnesses told police they believed the occupants may have been trying to lure Kristen into the car. Oh no. I mean, JI That's scary. It's terrifying that she's just walking by herself in the dark. Yeah. Barefoot. Yep. Like that's in an unknown area. Yeah. Several witnesses reported seeing the car with two men inside. But others told investigators they saw quote two young white males walking behind O'Connell shortly before police believed she was killed. Oh, that's so scary. So there might have been two people in that car and then later people said they saw two people walking behind her. Oh, that's really scary. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by IQ Bar. Our exclusive snack sponsor IQ bar is the Better For You. Plant protein-based snack made with brain boosting nutrients to refuel, nourish, and to satisfy hunger without the sugar crash IQ bars. Plant protein bars are packed with high quality ingredients to help keep you physically and mentally fit. IQ Bar is totally free from gluten, dairy, soy, GMOs, and artificial sweeteners for a natural anytime snack. You can try any of their nine dcio. So flavors including mint chocolate chip chocolate, sea salt, banana nut, toasted coconut chip, lemon, blueberry, and peanut butter chip. And with over 20,005 star reviews and counting, more people than ever are starting their days on the right foot with IQ bars, brain and body boosting bars, hydration mixes and mushroom coffees IQ Bar was nice enough to send all of us their ultimate sampler pack. The flavor that immediately stood out to me that I literally just finished eating is the peanut butter chip. That was real good. And right now, IQ Bar is offering our special podcast listeners 20% off all IQ bar products. Plus get free shipping to get your 20% off text Morbid to 64,000. Text Morbid to 64,000. That's Morbid to 64,000. Message and data rates may apply C terms for details. IQ bars are really yummy.


They say time waits for no one. But I think neither should payday to keep your money moving in the direction of your dreams. Get earnIn, watch your earnings tick up as you work. It's easy and it's free to get started. Add your bank and employment info and they will verify your paycheck. earnIn is designed to support you in the short term and the long term. I feel like it's always those things that you're not expecting. Like unexpected trips to the vet, unexpected car work that always used to happen to me all the time and I'd be like, I have no money though. But you will. Because earnIn is that app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to $150 per day with a max of $750 between paydays. Download earnIn today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App store. When you download the earn an app type in Morbid under podcast, when you sign up, it'll really help the show. Morbid Under podcast. earnIn is a financial technology company, not a bank. Cash outs are based on your available earnings standard Cash outs take one to two business days with no mandatory fees option to expedite your transfer for fee. Tips are voluntary and don't affect the service. See the cash out user agreement for detailed service not available in all states.


The two individuals were described as being young, slender, with shoulder length hair wearing blue jeans. And one was wearing a a jean jacket. One was described as being around six feet tall. So very tall. And the other was shorter than that person. And you have to remember like a, again, like the, the stuff at the party is very like strange and some of it is questionable. But you look at this and you say, look at the Allison Bota story. Yep. And it's like these Yeah. Two people might have decided things can happen at random, just decided that tonight they were gonna do this. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like I, if I've learned nothing from that, I've learned that Yeah. They can just decide to Yeah. And we know, I mean, serial killers pick Yeah. Pick victims at random and when, yeah.


I don't wanna say like opportunity strikes, but like No, it's true. They're opportunistic. They are opportunistic. When they see an opportunity that they feel like they can get the upper hand in, they will take that opportunity. So it does. And this was very much unfortunately, a situation where two males would absolutely have the, the upper hand over. Yes. A young girl who's smaller than them, barefoot. Barefoot and doesn't know her way around here in the dark. And who knows, they may have stopped her, struck up a conversation, found out that she wasn't from around here and that makes it 10 times more. Yeah. You know, opportun opportunistic. Her mother also said that she was very trusting and very, and liked to chat with people. Yeah. Disarming liked to be, she was very disarmed and very like, we kinda let stuff out like that.


Yeah. 'cause she believed the best in people And she may have even, you know, like said something about the fact that this wasn't a great night, it wasn't going well. Yeah. Like I'm, I want to, I'm going home, blah. Yeah. Like she's at a party where she doesn't know a lot of people. Yeah. Who knows what was said. Who knows. That's the thing. So it's like we can look at the party goers and the party situation as like, yeah. There's some unanswered questions there, but like this is also a very distinct possibility that yes, somebody did take that opportunity. Unfortunately there, which is so sad. That's also the unfortunate part of this case is there's just so many variables at play. Yeah. That there was, it's hard to Yeah. Pin it all together. Right. And these two people are still unknown, so it's like, yeah.


You know. Oh God. Yeah. The investigation was tough, but based on the information learned from witnesses, investigators did start putting together a theory of what could have happened. After leaving the party at James' trailer, Kristen walked about a quarter mile down route 1 39 when she was approached by those two men in the sedan who pulled over to talk to her after that interaction, she was seen continuing her walk in a western direction around 12:10 AM But the next witness to see her around 12:15 AM reported her walking in the opposite direction indicating that she was heading back to the party. Okay. Investigators theorized that the driver may have gone a short distance down the road, but turned around at an abandoned gas station and went back in Kristen's direction.


And they believe she either saw the car, the car turn around, or just sensed that something wasn't right. So then she turned around and started heading back to the party. Okay. So that makes you so sad, because that makes you realize that like she was probably in fear at that moment. Yeah. You know? Absolutely. And when she started turning in the direction of the party, they believed that the men in the car started pursuing her on foot at that point. Ugh. Yeah. That's so fucked up. It is really fucked up. It really is. In fact, one witness, like I said, reported seeing those two young men walking about 50 yards behind her, around 12:15 AM around 1:15 AM So an hour later, witnesses reported seeing two young men who matched earlier descriptions walking eastward away from the cornfield toward the center of town.


Oh, this sounds scary. The two suspects were seen again, 15 minutes later this time walking in the opposite direction back toward the cornfield. And that was the last time either suspect was seen. What the fuck? Yeah. And the fact that there's like a cornfield involved in this just makes it even scarier than, yeah. Because I mean, this is, think of upstate New York. Yeah. And this is like, I don't know why cornfield's just free. I mean, I know why. Yeah. Popular culture has made me fear cornfield. But I mean Yeah, it's a, it just gives it like a way more chilling thing. There's a lot of this whole thing, there's a lot of opportunity for cover conceal. Yeah. Concealing concealment. Exactly. And Ovid New York, just like so people know is like super upstate New York, really rural.


It's not very far from Canada. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking at it right now and I'm like, damn. Like my, yeah. Yeah. Like I have family that lives in upstate New York and they don't even live as upstate as this. And that felt rural to me when I would visit. And it's very like small town. Super small town. Yeah. I mean, we're literally just talked about an abandoned gas station a second ago. Yeah. You know, like that's the vibe here. Yep. So the initial flood of tips and witness statements was very useful actually this time in establishing a timeline and developing a theory as to what might have happened. But it did little to point investigators in the direction of a viable suspect. In fact, within a week of the murder investigators had yet to find anybody who even re remotely matched the suspects, seen talking to Kristen before the murder.


And of course that contributed to the growing sense of fear in the community. Yeah. Because people are like, oh, there's two suspects here. But no, like, they're incognito. No. Are they among us? Yeah. Do they live here? Are they from here? Who are these people? Right. And it wasn't Kristen's death alone that made county residents uneasy, but the fact that Kristen's murder was the fourth unsolved murder in Seneca County in a little, little over a year. Wow. Yeah. Chief Ferdinand Nand, I hope I said that right. Told reporters, I don't remember it ever happening here before in my 28 years as a police officer. Wow. And then suddenly they had four unsolved murders. Damn. Yeah.


So homicides in that part of New York were very rare actually. And the fact that there was no common link between the ones that had taken place was equally troubling because it suggested that these were random crimes. Yeah. And like we just said, crimes of opportunity, the growing fear in the community and the lack of progress in all of these unsolved cases prompted several community meetings and the form, the formation of a neighborhood watch program. So at least people got together and were taking care of one another. Yeah. But after a frustrating week of little progress in the case, the state police finally did catch a break on August 23rd when an anonymous person called with an unexpected tip. The caller said, I'm getting out of town because I told him not to do it.


I told him not to do it. You look at a behind the Chevy, the green Chevy on Main Street in Waterloo, and you'll find him. And If you open the trunk, If you open the trunk, you'll find what you want. What the fuck? Chilling. What the fuck? Chilling. Yeah. The officer who answered the call, trooper DC ryer, tried to keep the color on the line by engaging him in conversation, but the voice on the other end just simply repeated himself, insisting, they would quote, find what you need to solve the case if they looked in the trunk. And then he repeated his earlier insistence saying, I'm getting out of town because I told him not to do it. I told him not to do it. I'm heading out of town before hanging up. What the fuck?


Which does it one feels like this could be the two suspects. Yeah. And one is like freaking the fuck out. Or this could also just be a hoax. We know people do this shit. We know people love to do that. So, and now it's, you know, gotten kind of known community wide that they are looking for two suspects. Yeah. So who knows? But given that several witnesses had described seeing the dark colored sedan on Route 1 39 on the night of the murder, it seemed likely that the call was not some kind of hoax. And that the voice on the other end did belong to one of the killers. The problem however, was that while investigators knew about the unknown suspect's car, there was also countless dark sedans in this county. Yeah. And even narrowing it down to a green Chevy sedan was little help.


Of course. So with little to go on and no new evidence forthcoming, investigators turned to the public for help, and they placed an ad on the front page of the local newspaper. The ad said, our concerns are would've been seen either Wednesday or Thursday, August 14th or 15th during the night, the day or night. And the ad urged Seneca County residents to come forward if they'd seen, among other things, anyone hitchhiking or had picked up any hitchhiker, saw any strangers or suspicious individuals in the area, or if they quote, saw any cars that aroused their curiosity. Okay. So aware that such an advertisement was unusual. State police investigator Thomas Warren was upfront with locals about the frustrating nature of this case.


He said, we're at the point where we need answers to those questions for the case to move forward. The fact that she was not from this area and had little contact with the people around here makes this a difficult case. Yeah. And it does. Yeah. His comments might have been frustrating and probably sounded like defeatist to some, but he wasn't wrong about the difficulty of this case. No. Kristen, unfortunately, she'd only been in town for a couple of days, And she had never been there before. And the only people she knew in this area were all in the same room at James' Trailer on the night of the murder. Damn. That meant whoever had killed her was a stranger to her. And strangers are obviously among the more notoriously difficult types of murders to solve.


Yep. Because there's no connections. There's no connections, no social ties, nothing to trace victim to. Killer. Yeah. So equally problematic was the lack of evidence found at the scene. Like I said, there was no murder weapon and there wasn't really any forensic evidence that could point them to a suspect. All they had at that point were some blood and soil samples, and they did have some skin cells discovered on Kristen's body. Oh, okay. But DNA testing was still several years in the future. We didn't have that yet. Where's that DNA Now? We'll get there. Okay. We'll get there and we'll get frustrated as a group. Oh, no. Yeah. So at this, at that point in the, at this point, in the investigation that I'm talking about now, those samples weren't likely to be of much use Yeah.


For a long, long time. Yeah, of course. So at the end of August, major Richard Tanzi told reporters, we've had between 220 and 230 leads of various types, and I've assigned several investigators to the case, but we have no one, we term a suspect at this point. That's awful. That many leads and no suspects and nothing. It's unclear whether local police were confident or even hopeful that they'd eventually find the killer. But what is evident from the statements made in late August and early September is that without any new information, the case was in danger of going cold. Yeah. In the few months after Kristen's murder, investigators struggled to make anything resembling progress much to the disappointment of the public and to Kristen's family.


Yeah. Fire Chief Robert vru said, people are pretty upset about this murder. It's changed their lifestyle to being more security conscious. And he was among the handful of locals who worked to establish a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of Kristen's killer, which they hoped would spur the investigation back into high gear. But it didn't do much. Ugh. He said, maybe this reward will prompt someone who, for whatever reason, has not come forth with vital information to do so. But like I said, the reward would go unclaimed leads just kept drying up and the case got colder and colder. So now desperate for information investigators took to local television stations in upstate New York to urge residents to come forward if they knew anything that could lead to an arrest.


They even went as, as far as filming a reenactment of the murder, which aired on Crime stoppers. Wow. It was a long time ago. Warren said, it's a different time. Yeah. Different time. Warren said that, got some calls, but nothing significant. There's been no breakthrough. And again, no weapon found yet. So within six weeks now of Kristen's murder, the story had slipped from the front pages of the papers. Of course, as we've heard so many times before, disappeared from locals minds, the front of locals minds at least. But an article in the Democrat and Chronicle reported in late September, it's been less than six weeks since Kristen O'Connell's nude body was found in a nearby cornfield. But Ovid, people don't talk much about it anymore. Wow. It's sad.


That's wild. Sad. And it just like, it really speaks to the state of the world at all times. Yeah. That in six weeks you can forget you're onto the next, forget about a teenager being found in a cornfield murdered in the nude. Yeah. Like, like you're just onto the next thing that says a lot. It's always society has always been that way. Yeah. Always been that way. It's sad, but it's, it really is. I think everybody gets swept up in it. Well, and it's gotten much worse now. It's gotten like social media and the internet like, because there's just always something new. The attention span to these kind of things, it's blinking. You miss it. Yeah. It's so true. But the desire to move on for the murder was obviously deeply frustrating for those who were involved in the case heavily like Robert for, he said, I can't understand how people could forget so quickly.


To me, there are so many questions. Someone out there is a person who committed murder. Who is it? Why? Where are they? Yeah. And it was a brutal murder. Brutal. Her throat was slashed and she'd been stabbed multiple times And she was nude stripped at some point, you know? But for many of the residents of Ovid and the surrounding towns, Kristen's murder aroused serious fears that they would much rather not have to confront. So I think that's why people just push that to the back of their mind. A nice pattern of avoidance. Yep. Local resident, Bonnie Palmer told a reporter, there's an awful lot of people here that are still scared. It's something that's very ugly and you wanna forget it. So you put it in the back of your mind and you don't talk about it. Yeah. It's human nature.


It is. So while the public had begun moving on from the murder investigators with the New York State police continued to follow up on every tip they received. In early 1986, Richard Tanzi and one of his fellow investigators actually got approval to travel out of state and re-interview some of the early witnesses. After they got a new lead. That new information may have come to light. Hmm. Tanzi was very hopeful that This could have been their best lead yet. But that lead and the supposed new information ultimately led nowhere, and he found himself right back to where they were in August, 1985. I hate this. I know.


Hi, this is Steve Busi. You know the actor? Well, now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and Campsite Media in association with all of Productions comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who wast afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


After six months of investigation, police became decidedly less optimistic than their prospects of catching the killer. Senior investigator Robert Feor, said in February of 1986, we've got very, very little to go on. The physical evidence is almost nothing. We've got no fingerprints, no suspects, no identification, no leads, and no witnesses. Damn. By that point, investigators had traveled to six different states to interview potential witnesses and review similar cases even. But after doing so, they were still no closer to cracking the case. Wow. This is brutal. And it really isn't a lack of effort, it seems. Yeah, it seems like they were really trying. Right. In the months and now years that followed Kristen's death, the investigation lost steam.


Of course. But throughout that period, her parents, Phyllis and Michael O'Connell kept their own investigation going of their daughter's murder in hopes of finding the killer. Yeah. Almost immediately upon learning of Kristen's death, they hired a private investigator, but the result of that investigator's report has not been made public. In August of 1986, a year after Kristen's murder, Phyllis and Michael actually traveled to OVID in the hope that their presence might inspire somebody to come forward on a visit to the crime scene. Phyllis told a reporter, you always hope that you can see something nobody else has noticed. Of course, I can't imagine being like in that position. They must have been so frustrated. Yeah. They must still be so frustrated and just like desperate.


Yeah. For anything to the O'Connell's, the lack of progress in the case was unfathomable, which obviously, yeah. Michael said it might not have been a person who lives in Ovid, but someone who lives 20 or even a hundred miles away, but knew the area around here. It's just very hard for us to grasp the concept of this being a random thing. Yeah. Of course, investigators did acknowledge that it was possible that Kristen was the victim of a serial killer, and they insisted that they were checking similar crimes reported around the country, but still they weren't getting anything. Jesus really. I know. So the following August, 1987, the O'Connell's were back in Ovid on the second anniversary now of Kristen's murder.


And this time they were in the company of two psychics that they hired back home in Burnsville. I don't believe them. I don't either. At that two years of unanswered questions, I would be going to psychics myself. Michael told a reporter, the information they have supplied us with thus far has provided a couple of very strong leads, and we hope this will be resolved in a short period of time. Oh man. The hope. I know the psychics agreed with Michael O'Connell's sentiment, though. One of them said the feelings and psychic impressions in this area are as strong as they were two years ago. My impression is that there are people who have substantial knowledge of this murder. I mean, I don't think that was like a, you know, how I feel about psychics, that crime scenes. I think that's a little, well, that's, I I could also say that.


That's the thing. Yeah. It's like, okay, that wasn't helpful. I don't know if that was a prediction so much as a commentary on the case. It's just something that is common knowledge. Yeah. Yeah. But the psychics who came to Ovid with the O'Connell's may have given them hope that their daughter's murder would be solved. But as we know, we're here today talking about it years past without an arrest or even a suspect. And this is awful. In 1993, tragedy struck again when Michael O'Connell died unexpectedly. Oh, no. At the age of 51. Oh, super young. Super young. He never obviously learned who was responsible for his daughter's death. Oh, damn. Yeah. So now for years, Kristen O'Connell's case was shelved as investigators shifted their attention to new and more pressing matters.


But then in early 1996, a hair sample found on Kristen's body led investigators to a man named Gary Harris. Ooh. He was a former Ovid resident who was 15 at the time of the murder. Okay. According to Seneca County, district attorney, Donna Caffey Harris was quote, seen in the area where O'Connell was staying on the night of her murder. Huh. At the time of the murder, the Harris were only identifiable as belonging to a black male. But Harris came to the attention of investigators after he was arrested for an armed robbery in New York in 1996. Okay. Unfortunately, though, a month after announcing Harris as a suspect, the lab results came back as inconclusive on the hair sample.


Ugh. And investigators were forced to rule Harris out as a suspect. Fuck. Although nearly 15 years would pass before the O'Connell case was back in the news. The testing of the hair sample in 1996 was a strong indication that forensic evidence could very well be the thing that solved Kristen's murder. Yeah, absolutely. And I still believe it could be. Oh man. By the time the case was back in the headlines, 25 years had passed. And in that time, like we know scientific and technol technological advances had made it possible to solve cold cases with the evidence that had just been sitting on shelves for decades at that point. Yeah, absolutely. I've seen it happen so many times. Look at the Golden State Killer. Yeah.


In Kristen's case, like I said, blood samples and skin fragments had been collected from her body that could lead to her killer. But as it turned out, things wouldn't be quite as easy as submitting the samples for DNA testing. Why? In August, 2009, New York State Police had received approval of funds for up to $40,000 in order to hire a Dutch forensic lab known for their pioneering work and touch DNA NA. Let's go. And that's a type of analysis that can identify an individual from a tiny sample like the smallest sample Sample. Yeah. Sample. But the problem was that the New York State Health Department refused to allow investigators to contract with the Amsterdam based company because they weren't certified in New York.


Come on. In his statement to the press District attorney Richard Swinehart told reporters, we feel this is our last best effort to solve this case. We are very frustrated with the bureaucracy of the Department of Health, and that they won't take a world leading lab where the lab people have testified in other states in our country as experts on homicide cases, and won't let them at least examine the evidence while they're being certified. Yeah. That's New York. Get it fucking together. That's Get it fucking together. That's suspicious. That's real fucking suspicious. Yeah. Why the fuck, why? Yeah. Are you kidding me? That doesn't make any sense. That's infuriating.


It doesn't make any sense. Kristen's family was equally frustrated with the state's decision to deny the testing until the lab applied for and received certification in New York. Kristen's brother Kyle O'Connor said they're railroading for their own purposes. There could be no other reason. Yeah. Why the fuck would you stop that? And he said, they're, and this is a quote from him. They're covering something up. They haven't come up with a good, viable reason why this should not be allowed. And it's wild to me that they're like, you know, you look shady. So if they're, if you're not covering something up, guess what? Yeah. You look like you're covering something up. You look shady. So it's like you should probably move this forward. Yeah. So that you can stop everybody from thinking you did something fucked up. Yeah, exactly.


Because right now, I think you did something fucked up. Well, the family was, again, disappointed in 2010 when they learned that a forensic scientist who had been named in an evidence falsification case, possibly handled evidence in Kristen's case shut possibly the fuck up. This scientist is said to have falsified data in multiple cases and then went on to falsify records to cover up that fake data. I am speechless, which like I'm speechless. Like why? Why you are fucking with people's lives. Like just do your job. Phyllis said, I mean, my God, this is an important job they're doing.


Yeah. And how could they allow this and not be supervised properly? It's just beyond me. Yeah. But what I will tell you is that there's a petition we are going to share on socials Oh. And in the show notes. And it surrounds all of the DNA testing in Kristin's case. And it goes into more detail about the issues that the family has faced. Yeah. Trying to get the DNA NA tested. Okay. And importantly, most importantly, is asking the New York State Health Commissioner to approve that lab. Let's go motherfucker. I'm gonna share it. And we are all gonna sign the shit out of it. Honestly, everyone annoy the shit out of them until they do this. Yes. Because like, come on, whatcha doing? Come on. Like, come on. This literal DNA, like what are you doing?


And it's degrading the more it sits. Exactly. And it's like you just waiting for it to degrade. That's, well, that's exactly it. What, but also this specific lab, like they're pioneers in this. They are exactly like, they know what they're doing with this. So it's weird that you're not allowing them to even look at it while they're getting sick. Like, come on. Not even really giving a valid reason. No, it's shady. And If you don't wanna look shady, let them test it. Yeah. If you don't wanna look shady, then let them do it. Despite the best efforts of the O'Connell family, though, investigators even, and several high profile politicians, actually, it appears that the skin fragments discovered on Kristen's body still have not been submitted for testing. That's shameful as fuck.


Yeah. That is shameful. Many, many, like even politicians have been calling on the New York State Health Department being like, just allow this, just sign off on it. Ah, can't let up on that. Yeah. Can't let up. Can't. But now, 40 years after her daughter's death, Phyllis O'Connell worries that her daughter's case will never be solved because of this. Oh, you can't let that happen. And soon she worries that there will be nobody left to advocate for Kristen. Yeah. In 2023, she said, I promised Kristen till the day I die, I will be after who killed her. And after four decades, her message remains the same as it did the day she learned her daughter was murdered. She said, don't keep secrets. Don't keep something like this going because maybe the next person might be your daughter.


And you will know the kind of pain it is to lose a daughter, and especially through murder. Ugh. That just like destroys my soul. Everyone go sign that petition. Yes. I'm gonna, we're gonna put it ins, show notes, and we'll share it on socials as well. It's a long link. So if I read it here, it's just, it'll get lost. Yeah. So I'll put it in socials and again, on the show notes. Yeah. So it'll be right at the bottom of this episode in the show notes. You'll be able to see it in link. There'll be a link. Well, literally like you can click the link. Yeah. So you can click it. And then also, again, like Ash said in the socials, we'll do it because I you sharing that shit everywhere. I want this, I want them to have to move on this. I want them to have to move on this.


And I want Phyllis, at least to be able to, I want PHY to Phyllis to see that movement on this. Right. And not have to live every day worrying that like she's gonna pass away someday without knowing what happened to her daughter. And that she's gonna, that this DNA is torture is just sitting there. Right. That must be the most frustrating thing in in the entire world's. The DNA is sitting there and the lab is sitting there who has the technology and to the least try to do this. Right. Right. Just give it a shot. And it's like, what the fuck are we doing stopping murders from being solved through red tape? Fuck that. Yeah. It, it shouldn't even be a thing. Fuck that. It shouldn't be a thing. Yeah. So definitely sign that. Yeah. Petition. And also anybody with information about this case, because somebody out there, somebody knows something, knows something, somebody saw something.


Somebody, somebody knows something. Somebody, yeah. Yeah. Anything, any information, anybody with any information is asked to contact the New York State Police. And that number is 5 8 5 3 9 8 4 1 2 5. Again, 5 8 5 3 9 8 4 1 2 5. Damn. I want this case to be solved. I want them to submit that DNA, I want that to at least be put into motion. Yeah. It's gotta, nobody's saying that. It's like that 100% it's gonna work, but why the fuck not try? Why not try, why not try, try and like, Hey, politicians and everybody, and whoever's like red taping this, if you're listening, her dad died without knowing what happened to her.


Yeah. Her mom shouldn't have to die without knowing what happened to her daughter. No. And what if this was your kid, like her mom said, what if this was your kid? Would you want that DNA sitting on a shelf and, and just because a red tape and bullshit bureaucracy. Yeah. It doesn't get submitted to a pioneering lab that could potentially give you the answers you need come. Would you be fine with that? Because you'd be like, well, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, was that what you would do? No. Like, no. You would come on, if it was for you, you'd be slicing through that red tape. Exactly. So, because it's not yours, you're, You don't give a shit, but put yourself in somebody else's shoes. Empathy people. That's so frustrating. I know. It really is. I really, I hope that we get news soon that I just want this to move forward, man. It's gotta, it's gotta, yeah. 40 years and her family has no fucking answers.


Like, come on. Like her parents lost a child. Her brother lost a sister. Yeah. Come on, let's go. And somebody's just out there walking around. Let's go girls. Who did it? Let's, let's go. Let's get this moving. Come on. So you guys are fucking powerful as well. You are so by the way. Yeah. You are powerful. Go sign this petition everybody. Yeah. Because we asked If you were able to, to share and donate to Allison Botha fundraiser. You guys blew it up. She surpassed her goal. Yeah, you blew it up. You blew it up. Thank you. You are powerful as fuck. We can get this shit to happen. And you get shit moving and you get shit done. One thing, and we've seen you do it before thing. One thing about Morbid listeners, they get shit done.


So we know you guys can do this. Let's do this. You're badass motherfuckers and you give a shit. So do it. Exactly. And with that being said, we hope that you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Keep it so weird that you sign the shit out of this petition and you get everyone in your goddamn life to sign that shit to. Let's go. Sign it. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Cory, and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds, we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the Thai Cave Rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines. They're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today.