
Hey, weirdos. Before we unleash today's s Macab Mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad free layer. With early access to episodes, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify. You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, and investing. And more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW, or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee, the at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. I'm Elena. And I am Tobias. And this is a very special episode of Morbid. This is a very special episode of Orbit that we have been lightly teasing for a few weeks. I'm sure everybody's like, what the fuck is going on? Who is On This show lightly Today we have prolific songwriter and storyteller with 10 billion streams, which is astronomical.


Five Grammy nominations, American Music Awards, iHeartRadio Music Awards, and a vast congregation of very devout fans. We have Tobias Forge from Ghost. Welcome to Morbid. Thank you so much. You're making me blush here. That's the plan right out the gate. Thank you so much for talking to us. This is awesome. You've had, you just came off of really in the last few months, an epic tour, I would say is the, the least way we can describe it. It was basically two years. Yeah, I guess, I guess it's stretched over two years. Yeah, I, I don't remember exactly, but, but something like that. Yeah, it's insane. You also just put out the highest grossing hard rock cinema event in North America.


No big deal. Casual. Yeah, very casual. You've gone on kind of like a media sabbatical in between, and you've written an entire album, and you also collaborated with Dark Horse comics to expand the whole Ghost Lo with a four issue comic book arc, which is really cool. Are you a vampire, is our first question, or do you sleep Considering the fatigue? I feel I'm apparently not. No, no, I'm, I'm, Let's put it this way. I mean, in last year when I was working on, on the record, simultaneous with the film, there were, there were definitely moments where I felt like clear signs that big endeavors like that are better handled singularly.


I, whatever you call it, you do one thing at a time. It's, it's very hard to keep focused somehow. I managed to do that, but it's, it was definitely hard. You know, the good thing about the film was that a large part of it was based on footage that we'd already, you know, secured that, that we'd already shot in in la So that was, you know, a a, a good lion's share of the content, If you will. You know, sometimes with making records or making, making films, you just have to stay on script. You just, you know, just do what we decided. My problem is that I don't really, I don't really work like that. I'm, I'm, I'm sort of off the cuff do improvising stuff, and so it, it, any project will demand a lot of my mental presence and acuity, which is fun when you've done it, but it can be really tiresome.


And, and I, I've definitely sort of, not to be ageist here, but I, but I'm sort of approaching that age when I, I start feeling a little bit of a results when things get a little bit too much. So That makes sense. Yeah. But, you know, obviously it wasn't too much because I'm here Now. Yeah. You're doing okay. I feel like it's working out. Yeah. You know, I feel that though. I literally, if I do two book signings and like a week, I'm like, toast for three weeks, so I have no idea how you did two full years of a tour and did all the things you did afterwards. I would be gone. Yeah. I don't know what to answer to that. I mean, but it's, it's also the, the good thing, this is the, the weird thing about my, my job compared to, you know, friends that I have that make films or, or friends that I have that are just writing songs all the time that might not have much of an artistic career, but more just like writing and is that they just go from one creative to another.


And even though I am, you know, constantly creating, to a certain degree, I also flip flop between a creative period to a less creative period that is the tour where, gee, you, you, you're, you're creative in the beginning, but it, it, it, it is actually more of a, dare I say, more of like a normal job in the sense that you, you show up in time and you do your job and, and then you're done. Yeah. Right. The creative work is done in a sense. Creative job is like never, I have to make the thing Always, but It's like the, the creative part is like, I have to make this whole thing, and then that's just like, all right, let's go through the book.


We gotta do it now. Yeah, that makes sense. Exactly. Yeah. Well, before we get to, we're gonna go fully into what is next for Ghost. What has happened. I had one quick little side quest I needed to take you on before we get into it. I don't know If you have heard, but they think that they have named Jack the Ripper, and I need to know If you think that they named Jack the Ripper. Tell, tell me his name So you haven't They think it's Aaron Cos Minsky. Okay. No, they, I don't know if you've ever, because I know you're like, you're into the case. You've researched the case, obviously. Yes. Have you heard of like the Catherine Edo shawl that they claim was at the crime scene?


Yes. I, I know that there, there is a, there is a DNA question mark on that. Yeah, There's a huge, they, for some reason it's been everywhere that they are 100% sure that this shawl is led to the identity and they think it's Aaron cos Minsky. And the reason I bring this up is because a lot of our listeners, we did like a four episode, you know, deep dive, deep dive into Jack the Ripper. And I think I did. I was like my, I couldn't stop researching it. Mm. So of course I've been asked a million times what I think of this whole thing if they've really named him. And it's infuriating, not people asking me, but the fact that they're saying that this is a hundred percent Jack the River. But I needed to know If you had heard about it and If you were like, oh yeah, it's Aaron Cos Minsky.


Or If you were like, no. Alright, so I'm gonna let Tobias finish in a second, I promise. But before I do that, I just needed to let you guys know that we had very limited time with Tobias this time around. So I really wanted to make sure that you guys heard my feelings on Jack the Ripper and I didn't want to just like vomit them all over Tobias and use up all her time. So here's the thing. I don't think they have found Jack the Ripper. Not one part of me thinks it. In fact, there's many reasons for that. The fact that this has been a thing that comes around every few years is a big red flag to me. And it's the same person bringing it around every few years and not really updating any of the actual info that shawl that they're claiming.


They have this DNA from is a shawl that they're claiming is found, was found at Catherine Ed's crime scene one, they have no way of knowing that. The only way of knowing that would be if it was among the exhaustive list of her items that were found at, on and around her at the crime scene that is well documented. And it is nowhere. There is nowhere that says there is like an eight foot long, really expensive shawl that might actually even be a table runner found on her person. Nowhere. So if we don't have that, then how do we know that this thing is hers? And how do we know that it was found at the crime scene? Here's your answer. We don't. So there's a big giant hole of doubt that has already been thrust through this entire thing.


I don't think it was found at the crime scene. I think she would've sold it at one point. I don't think she would've held on to that kind of shawl. I mean, there's all kinds of stories of her selling, you know, shoes earlier in the day and selling anything that was on her. It just doesn't make sense to me. I don't, I don't buy that one at all. Furthermore, the story of this whole thing is that Sergeant Amos Simpson was the one who was said to have taken the shawl from the crime scene, a supposed blood soaked shawl he took from the crime scene one. That would've been a immense risk to do that. And two, I think we all need to remember what I said a thousand times during our Jack the Ripper series.


We can't really comprehend how dark these crime scenes were. There was no light. We're going by candlelight. You're telling me that this man plucked a blood soaked shawl from a crime scene and just brought it home for his wife. I don't buy that. Also, there's the fact that Amos Simpson was a metro cop. He was a metropolitan police officer, MITRE Square where Catherine Meadows was found. That is London PD jurisdiction. He has no business being there and even if he is there, he has no business at that crime scene. So that gives me pause. The DNA, the DNA, we don't even know what it is.


It might be blood, it might be semen. They have no definitive answer for that. So that 100% match, I don't believe they don't even know what the actual DNA source is for this. And also there is no evidence of him leaving semen at scenes. Of course, he can depart from his pattern. Of course that's happened before. I am fully willing to admit that and I'm willing to accept that if there's other pieces of evidence along with it. But the fact that he never did this and there was never evidence of any classic sexual assault or rape at any of these scenes. It was really violence and mutilation.


It doesn't really fit with the pattern. And once again, I'm willing to admit that a pattern can be broken If you give me other evidence to tell me that, that's so, I just don't see it here. The DNA itself, it's mitochondrial DNA, that's what they're not telling you in any of these things. This is not straight up DNA, this is mitochondrial DNA. It can eliminate a suspect, but it cannot identify a suspect. Absolute anyone in the maternal line of this DNA match can also be the person. This is, can be thousands of people. Thousands of people in London can match this DNA. So that's not good enough for me. That's not identifying, that is, you can eliminate. And also, just to put a pin on this, the researcher who has put this forward is Russell Edwards.


He doesn't have a track record that I'm willing to follow here. Really. I'm GI will of course give benefit of the doubt if he can provide more evidence. But he also claimed once and so did his team, that they found a victim of Ian Brady and Meyer Henley that has been missing for decades and decades. Keith Bennett and his family has been looking for his body on those mos forever and hoping to find his body on those moors. And it was really fucked up that his team basically announced on social media that they had found Keith Bennett and they hadn't. So that upsets me. That makes me question it. Of course, one massive monumental mistake doesn't mean that you can never do anything good in your life.


So if he can provide more evidence that says this is a hundred percent DNA match, which I don't believe he can, then I'm willing to listen to it. But no Aaron cos Minsky is not Jack the Ripper Mic drop. I am very interested in the subject and I I definitely don't think it air Kaminsky. No. Okay. I'm glad you agree because it's been driving me insane. Yeah, Elena's been going down rabbit hole after rabbit hole. Yeah. Every once in a while I'll just yell out like another thing that makes like, doesn't make sense about this, but everybody's running with it. But that is my official statement right here in Tobias, four degrees. It is not Aaron Kozinski everybody.


Well, yeah. As I, I I think I spoke about this last time as well, is that the problem with most, most of the names that been, that's been thrown around is that what they all have in common is that they somehow have some exotic or, you know, weird treat that makes them eccentric or typically weird. It's interesting how in this case, especially now when we know so much more about serial killers, I don't blame people back then to be sort of dumb folded and sort of screwing up everything and when it came to the, to the investigation.


But it's interesting how we now have a tendency to, to believe that this case is so different from every other serial killer in the history of serial killers. We know now that serial killers are not ex necessarily an eccentric weirdo like shit openly and have circus and, you know, know that they are more likely to be like perfectly functional family men. Yeah. They Blend in. There's this very interesting reoccurring, it's sort of part of the mainframe of the story that if, If you believe in the, the, the limitation of the canonical five that after Mary Kelly, no one can can do that.


That number on a on another person physically could subject someone to that ultra violence without losing their minds. Yeah. That's like a very Decided that Yeah. Like since when only examples That does that and way worse. Yeah. And then they sit and speak coherently and Yep. And go have dinner with their family. Yeah. So it Pick their kids up from daycare. It's really fascinating as, as an anthrop like a, like a human social experiment talking and, and listening to theories about this because Yeah. It's mired in such a mist that, and that for some reason makes people sort of completely unrealistic.


But, you know, I'm also like just an amateur. I don't know who did it. I I I can't present you with facts that, that Were, and that's the difference is you're saying, I don't know who did it. I I don't know who did it. Yeah. And same. I don't either. I don't think any of us do. No, this drives me. It's been very widely reported as like a hundred percent we figured out who did it. Like fully fa like what this is from the 18 hundreds, Let's put this way then it will serve me well if people think it's Aaron Ksky for, for some time. Yeah. So, alright, continue thinking that. Okay. It's officially him.


Yeah. Okay. A hundred percent Tobias is gonna come. Mic drop later. There you go. There's so many little things about it, but I won't get into it 'cause I can literally talk about this for like six hours and you don't have that. So let's take it back. We're gonna talk about the Imper tour, which again, you toured for almost two years. It was seven legs. We were at a few of them. It was an amazing tour. Congrats on that success by the way. And again, the stamina that it took to do that. Thank you so much. You're Welcome. And it had, I feel like towards the end of that tour, everyone became kind of like in a flutter of like, what's gonna happen and like what's what's next? And it, it was like a very, it had like its own like mythos.


You could hear like people talking about it and everywhere you went about it. So, but luckily we didn't have to wait too long because you chronicled, like you said, the final two performances of the tour in the film right here, right now. Which again, I just need to state it's the highest grossing hard rock cinema event North America, which is a crazy title to hold. But you ended that on the cliffhanger of all cliffhangers, like right before revealing Poppa five. One thing I have to ask you is I was in one of those audiences watching that film and the first thing I heard very clearly when the credits rolled was someone behind me yell very lovingly, fuck you Tobias Forge, like at the top of their lungs so mad.


'cause they were like, what the fuck? Because you feel audiences cursing you at the end of that. Like, did you know that people were gonna be like, no, I went to the premier here in, in London. I'm currently in London, so I was here for the premier. So that was the first time I saw it with essentially a bunch of strangers. And there was this murmur. Aw, no one. Like there, there was not like no one cursed you, not no cursing. But yeah, there, there was definitely a, a noise that signaled A grumble that went through the ground. It's your gotcha moment.


It is, it was such a good gotcha moment. It's your gotcha moment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like right up to it Then you're just like, oh Yeah. Then it just closed the door. So in that film, there's like a lot of illusions to twins and a lot of implications that there's twins involved in some other capacity than what we've seen. Is there, can you tell us anything about that? Or should we just like shut up and wait? No, it's easy. It, it's more fun If you as a fan, you get to follow the story the way that I've rolled it out with the comic and onward, I, it's, it's a boring way to to explain it, but it, it's, it's just better explained that way.


I, I'm, I'm fascinated not in a like a man sort of way about about twins, but I, I think that the, there is a, there is this, I mean, obviously I do happen to have two children who are twins. Me too. But there, I think that there is this fascination with, especially when it comes to grownup people who've been separated at birth for this, that, or the other reason, sometimes by accident, sometimes by choice, sometimes by, you know, force more, more than often it's, it's been a, a, a result of, you know, girls who basically couldn't take care of their children and, and wasn't at that point maybe equipped or, or had the ability to take care of children.


So they had no choice but to leave them up for adoption. And, and, you know, there are cases where, where they, they have felt forced to give up one. And I've always been fascinated with, I don't know, the concept of family ties and, and bloodlines and, and all that. And I think that that that comes not necessarily from the fact that I have twins myself, but it come, comes from also from the fact I have several adopted siblings. Hmm. And you know, just a few years ago I did what most people or a lot of people do nowadays, you do the ancestry and you know, you, you, you check your DNA and and, and then you get like a whole slew of people that you're related to all over world, all over the place.


And you know, it dawned on me pretty quickly that if some of my siblings would do that, their thing is completely different. Yeah. Like that, that they, they belong to some other family with their own background and their own everything. And I, I really wish that they did in a way, but as far as I know they haven't because it's, it's, it's such a trauma for them. I I yeah, I can assume. Oh yeah, I can imagine. So, I mean, when I say the word fascinating, it's not always like from a joyful, it's, it's, it's from a, it it's really affecting stuff and, and it really can do a number on, on someone when you learn something about your life, and especially If you feel that something that you believe was true was all of a sudden not true.


In, in, in my family case, they are very well aware that they're adopted. So that, so that is not a thing, but I'm just saying that it's, it never does it become more clear and one does the test and, you know, you can trace back into the other one to you is like, oh, that's cool. Oh, look at that, that's a surprise. And that's like a relatively new thing too. So I feel like that's like a whole new generation of people experiencing that like very specific and very unique kind of trauma sometimes because we didn't always have these tests that we could just like, send away for and get the results on your phone. No. So it's very interesting. No, It's, it's a, it's an interesting concept and, and I I think for the most part is it, it's a really good thing.


I I, I do believe that simply put, knowing your history, and I found it to be very humbling to be able to look at my family tree and seeing all these people, obviously I, most of them I, I couldn't see photos of, or I could only see names, but, you know, watching generation of generation of people struggling and more than often, especially when you go back a hundred years and it was, it, it, it's common that you see, you know, a mom and dad that gets like 12 kids. Yeah. Out of six of them die. It's wild when They're Like a year, two years, three years.


And that was just normal Back then. It was a completely normal thing for us. It's like, that's a cataclysmic event. Of course. Oh Yeah. You can't even fat on That. I'm not saying that they, they weren't suffering, but I'm just saying that it was like a completely different time. And they spent very, probably spent very little time wallowing in affairs and worldwide things that didn't bother Yeah. That, that, that wasn't directly affecting them. And they just kept head straight and, and they worked and, and they made sure that the kids that survived survived. And, and, you know, I, I have a tremendous amount of respect, what's the word?


Humility for you. Yeah. Like all that work that was put in in order for me to sit here and talk shit. That's a good way to look at it actually. Yeah. That's what they did it for. So we could sit here and talk shit. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Well, getting away from the last tour and heading into the future a little bit, this album, I was lucky enough to listen to it. It's this new album is, it's like a masterpiece. I'm obsessed with it. I love it. It might be, I think it's my favorite so far. It's really, really good. I can't get over it. I wanted to like scream it from the rooftops.


I really can't. And I know you're probably like, oh, That's what you tell everyone. It's not, I, she doesn't, I really don't. I loved this one. I loved it immediately from the first note. And again, like this album feels, it's just got like a different feel to it and it feels more personal and a little more like introspective. Like it just has a different vibe to it, A very good different vibe. Can you tell us a little bit about why, if I'm correct, why you might have went in that direction with this one? Yeah. I, I simply put the, the previous record especially was such a channeling of, of, of me deciphering external influence.


And I felt that even though I, I mean I'm, I'm super proud of Imper. I thought that that, that that was the record that I wanted to do at the time. Nothing wrong with that, but I felt not at all inspired to go back and make a, you know, a sequel to that. Like Aner two mm. Even though, I mean, obviously there's plenty of fodder If you, If you wanna have like, continue down that path, but just felt that, that's not inspiring. That's not, it doesn't, that is simply not what I need. And, and, and therefore, hence, I don't think that that's what my pe like people are interested in, in what I think feel or need either.


I'd rather make a, a, a, a more introspective record that that deals with evergreen feelings and basic human sentiments and still hope It, it definitely comes across in this one. Like, each one I feel like is kind of like a, like a little mini movie that you can see in your head. And it feels like there's sentiments in each one that you can relate to on some level, in some part of your life. You know what I mean? Like, they all have that, that's why this one like, struck me as so different, but it was different in the best kinda way. I, I'm glad you say that. I, this, you know, at some point when you, when you, you, you, you, you sketch out this little idea that, oh, so this is a thematic concept and, and these are a few songs that I've been fiddling with and it's, it, there's always this process when you're, when you're practically putting together a record and, and, you know, at the end of the day, I mean, regardless of, regardless of what message that you'd wanna stay on point with, you know, it still needs to be like a entertaining piece of work, of piece of art that, that, you know, with, with rhymes and new words.


And so there, there's so many hurdles to go from like a pure, pure intuitive idea to actually looking at like 42 minutes of qualitative entertainment. Yeah. That must I can't imagine that, yeah. Having to boil it all down to that and making it like palatable. Yeah. I mean, but that's, that's what I do. Yeah. So I, I love that. But it, but it's definitely like, it's, it's always a challenge. Oh, I'm sure. Fun challenge. But, but it's always, especially when you're trying to do thematic things, that's why I'm, that's why sometimes I'm also like using the theme as, as like a, it's, that's a loose direction that I've, that I've used as a more originally most for myself in order to sort of stay on, on brand might be the wrong, but, but stay on point, stay on, stay focused so I know where not to go stay The course.


Yeah. Did you have a bit of a different process writing the songs this time around? No. No. Same process. Same process. All right. I Like that. It's, it's simply because I don't, I, I don't really have one go-to process. So I was using same process Cs, this is, I I think that this was the first time, first record where I worked with collaborators that I, and I, I worked only with collaborators that I worked with quite a lot before. I didn't have any new, any new blood. So we were, we were working with, with, with a certain amount of rapport and background, which was very comforting because you trust the other people, you trust them, you know, that we're, we're working towards the same goal and everybody has, you know, the intent of making, making everything as good as possible.


I know that no one who the hell would go into a production with, with the opposite. You never know. That'd be weird. You just never know anymore. But you definitely feel sometimes that someone is phoning it in, and especially if, if it's like a big production with a lot of people, and obviously someone is there, someone is there because they're getting paid. So, and, and they're, they're functional too. So it's, it's, that's not a problem. But yeah, nobody, it was, it, it was quite closely knit and we were, we were not a, like a big bunch of people working on this one. And you know, as some of you fans might know that, that we, I basically have a little bit of a divide between how I make the records and, and then boom is performing on stage and, you know, across, you know, my 15 years career as, as this band, I've, I've, I've experimented a little bit with that, but I've learned the hard way that it's, if if you're not gonna use everyone, it's better to use no one.


Yeah. Like if, if if, if not everybody's being called in for their ability and, and, and, and their, their special gift, anybody who's excluded from that is gonna, they're they're gonna take that the wrong way. It's not gonna Be great. Yeah. So it's just better, I've just found it more comforting and more, more productive and nicer to everybody to just work with others. And then once we get the band together, you know, then we haven't nagged each other down and we haven't worn each other down throughout the process of making a record, which a lot of other bands do, you know? Oh, I'm sure once they hit Hit Road, they have already been in the studio and, you know, killing each other for, for a year.


Oh yeah. You hear about that all the time. Like, some of the greatest bands, like Fleetwood Mac wanted to kill each other half the time. Yeah. Making records. Especially if, If you are collaborating it, it's very, I don't have a better word. It's, it's an intimate process. I'm sure. You know, it's, it's a very, you have to, you have to be very open and, and, and, and daring. Well, and it's kind of like you're letting your own like personal journal, your own diary. You're giving it to a bunch of people to kinda help make into something that everyone's gonna listen to. I can't imagine that. No. That, but that, that it's pretty much what you do of, of course when you've done it a couple times that you don't, it's, it's simply not a part of your, it's kinda like getting naked with someone you're together with.


Like, it's that it, it's not a thing after a while that you're, You know, And, and, and once you, you, you've started riding with someone and, and if, and it feels good, it, it, it it does come more naturally. Yeah. You don't have to that initial obstacle of, you know, having to put shades down. Well, and we, the first single video for that is coming out from this album is Satanist. And it, when this episode airs, it has come out already. Hmm. That video's amazing. Loved that video. It is the first reveal of Papa five, Papa Perpetua. And it's a phenomenal reveal at the end of the video.


I think Ash actually filmed me watching it for the first time, and I was like, speechless. I, I couldn't even form words. I have a couple of questions about that video. And again, If you can't answer, just say absolutely not. Is that you heavily, heavily made up as the priest? Yes. I Mean, I knew it, but the, The point is not that it's me, it's point that it's a priest. Yes. I want people to focus on it's a priest. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, of course, I mean, I understand that people will sort of notice it's, it's, it's a good, It was hard Good prosthetics, but it's obviously not to the point where I'm completely beyond.


But the song itself had has a, so this is how Meta and Weird Ghost is sometimes love that the song is written in, I form I perspective, but on the record, Papa The Fifth Perpetua is singing, pretending to be another character. Right. Oh, I think I'm right about my theory. Elena has quite a theory and I I think you just confirmed it. I can Because Papa the Fifth Perpetua is a singer in a band. So as any other band who has songs that are written in I form can be about someone else.


Yeah. They're not always about Their personal experience. The, the the yeah. Them personally. Oh, That's good to know. So in the video, a that a, a, a a problem sort of arose because of this, because we needed, my idea was for this love stricken monk to go through the hurdles of confusing his infatuation with, with being possessed. And of course his surroundings within the monastery, of course Dave, They confirm that The symptoms that are showing is clearly the sickness of being assessed by a demon. And the cure for this is, you know, an exorcism and, and repentance and, and, and all that.


So technically, you know, it, it was important that, okay, so I'm mean obviously I can't transform into popup that becomes really poor and bad. Yeah. So we needed to have a, another character coming in. So we had this, this, he's a Swedish actor. I don't know if anyone, He was so good. You guys, you, you recognize him? He was familiar, but I couldn't, I didn't know if it was just, 'cause he has a very kind face No. His name, his name is, I'm, I'm, I hope I say this right, internationally, like David Densic. And he is, he's been in all kinds of stuff.


Like, he, he was in, in a James Bond film. He Oh wow. Was in A lot of Swedish and Scandinavian films. I mean, he, he stars he's half, I think he's half Danish or something. Oh, Okay. So, so he's in a lot of Danish films. Oh, that's cool. So maybe it wasn't just his kind face, like A really, like he's a very talented actor. He is very, very well known in Sweden, Denmark, Scandinavia, hugely talented, very, very nice. Lots of fun to work with. So he, he really graced that video with this, this, this personality that I think was needed.


And which, which sort of put me in a, a little bit of a, you know, being superfluous, which is fine. I don't, I don't have to star or anything, but somebody need to be the priest. And it's always interesting to be plain asshole. That's must be the most fun. I feel like. Absolutely. The villain is always the most fun. If I, if I looked more like, like a stereotypical sort of strong, angry man, like, you know, with all those features, you know how some men are just Like Badass? Yes. Yep. I can't really play that.


You know, you know what, what you're looking at it right now is me sort of having spent some time being sick. I'm Glad you're failing better, by the way. So I'm, I'm sort of in, in, in home mode in the, the sort of the hobo look, it's chic. But you know, when I'm clean shaven and all I, it's, I I can't really scare people. And, and sometimes as an act, I I'm as to, to whatever extent I am an actor, at some point, I would Say. So You just have to live with the fact that you're, you know what, what your look is, is is sort Of gotta work with it. That's what, What you can play with. That's what you can play with. I had to, to, to screw him up with a, with some sort of feature that gave him a little bit more of a character. I loved it.


I'm so glad you confirmed it for me because it was driving me insane. I've been saying it in here. I'm like, am I just like looking for things that aren't there? Or like, am I going crazy now? But in the same, in that same video. 'cause we've, you know, I had to analyze it a million times there Corinthians six 19 flashes across the screen. It's in the little notebook. It's definitely like right there. And in case anybody didn't I, you know, immediately look up that verse in the Bible. I did not know what that verse was at first, because I'm not super up on my biblical verses now before this interview. I think I'm like an expert on the book of Revelations, by the way. I was telling everybody's stories.


Elena's held her own Bible study. Now I have, so I know all about it. But Corinthians is basically touching upon like sexual immorality. It's when Paul went to the Corinthians and told them, you know, stop being so loose with your business. And the Corinthians were like, well why does it matter? This body doesn't go with me when I leave. So like, it doesn't matter what I do with it. And he's like, no, it's a temple for God. And you're sing it with your reckless, you know, sexy time. So that's the story there in a very loose form. Obviously not the word of God. And this seems to be a theme, obviously, of the Satan Eyes video for sure. Like, we see the nun showing some clogged ankle.


Love that for a minute. Loved her. I thought, shoot, her facial expressions are so good. And it's ev it's part of the video, it's part of everything for this. And there's another song, I won't name it because it's obviously not out yet that I listened to on the album that definitely had some like spiciness in it, I would say. So it had like a similar theme of this, but I wanted to know if that kind of theme plays like a bigger role at all in the thematic arch of the album as a whole. Or if it's just kind of like, just a part of something bigger. You mean Book of Revelations or the Corinthians Corinthians? I would say like that whole like sexual and morality thing. This is, I mean, no, this is specific to this song.


Okay. Just because it, in in in that specific verse, I can't paraphrase it in English exactly what it says, but it, but it's, it's somewhere along the lines of keep your body clean at the end of the day, you know, it belongs to God. Yeah. And in the context of the song and, and the meaning of, of the video, I think it's fairly poignant and on on point to this misconception that anybody who's love stricken is somehow opening themselves up to destroying their bond and, and their covenant with God.


Mm. A higher being, which Is completely Wild, Unfathomable, Truly. And what is, and again, you might not be able to answer this, but in the Notebook we are looking at what the things that were written in there. 'cause they were funny in the, the music video and there's something that's crossed out. Can you tell us what that said? Because I think next to it, it says like, idiot, I think the first thing that was crossed out was masturbate question mark. Yeah, that was definitely one. And Obviously he didn't wanna suggest that. And then it's, was it suicide? Oh, that's what it was.


That's What, but he, he didn't wanna like, no, that's not great. He Didn't wanna suggest that Maybe he was starting going through the, the Bible verses there and, and he landed on two Corinthians. And anybody who knows current history knows that two Corinthians does not exist. It's second Corinthians. Mm. But when you pose with the Bible and try to trick your, your followers that you have any clue what you're talking about and you say that wrong, it becomes kind of humoristic. It does. So that was a little bit of a Little nod An Egg There.


Little wink. I like that. All right. I'm glad we know what that is now. It was driving us nuts. We're like, what does that say? It has an s in the beginning. So quick little like side question. Have you ever seen the Devils with Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave? I, I don't know off the top of my head. You should watch It. I, I believe that this is a, a quite old film, right? It is. It's, and it was like banned, but I think like the w like Warner Brothers wouldn't release it again. So it's one of those things you have to go looking for. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I don't remember, I don't remember. I I vaguely have it in the back of my head. I, I think I know which, which film it is. I sometimes I do have a problem remembering or simply detecting which, which film someone is referring to.


Because even though in Sweden we don't dub films, we have other titles for the films. Oh, okay. Oh, I didn't even think of that. Which is too, too too much Ridicule and, and the laughing of, of my band members band that I'm traveling with because they have picked up on this little anomaly in, in Swedish cinema. I kind of love that. So, so sometimes I get the question like, what's this called in, in Swedish? So like simple, simple old school things. It's like Jaws, it's called Hayan and that means the Shark.


Yeah. There you Love that. And you know, towering Inferno is, and that means the skyscraper is on fire. I'm obsessed with that. I love how literal, that one's awesome. Like, You know, over the course of touring and, and, and you sit in the bus and, and do exactly what we're talking about right now. Like, you just like, have you seen this film? I'm like, Maybe No. Then I see, you know, a picture of it that Oh yeah, of course I've seen this. Yeah. But you know, I remember this film and then, and then I have to tell them the title and it's like, whoa. It's such a simplified, stupid, I love it. Dumb dumb.


You know, the old one that that's fairly known is that all Mel Brooks films in Swedish is called Springtime four. Huh? Springtime Four. So the Producers Springtime four Hitler. Wow. And a lot of the Goldie Hawn films was the Girl Who Fell Overboard. The girl who did military service That's great. Knew too much. I love that words are added into the title too. Yeah, that's fun. It's like Overboard is not just Overboard, it's like we have to explain it first. Yeah. All the, all the, you know, national Lampoons, national vacation or or Christmas vacation, all that.


Yeah, all the, all the ones that, all the Clark were Clark Griswold films. They're called a Pear for a Dad, A Pear for It. It's, so that means like a, a pear as in, in the, the the fruit or the, oh, like a I thought you meant a pear. Yeah, A pear for for a dad. Huh. I love that. Celebrating Christmas. Alright. A pair for a dad on a European vacation. You know, why is there a pear? So when I say if I took, if I ask anyone in Sweden, like, have you seen National Lampoon's European vacation? They'd be like, they will most likely not know what I'm talking about.


They're like, is that the one with the pair? With the pair you were talking About? That's the one with the pair. Yeah. That's amazing. I'm kind of obsessed with that. You're gonna have to let us know if the devil has a Diff or The Devil's has a different name. It's the one written, produced and directed by Ken Russell is the criterion are the people who made it. Yes. I don't know why that just popped in my head. Yeah, it's what after I'm Gonna check it. Vanessa Red Grape. Yeah. And Oliver Reed. So Oliver Reed. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, this rings a bell because As soon as I watched the Satan I video, for some reason that movie just kinda like popped in my head and I was like, huh, I gotta ask. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So moving away from the Satan I video, we have a couple of like, kind of random questions for you.


But last time you were on, we had a lot of random questions for you and people really liked hearing what you had to say about very random things. So I'm sure you know this, that you grew up in Sweden. Is there any folklore or c or tales that you heard growing up that you think maybe shaped how you approach music or just creating cool shit? No, I, I mean obviously I I, my music for, for almost forever. I mean, as soon as I started writing songs, especially for bands and stuff, it, it was always driven by a certain level of supernatural presence, If you will.


Because, you know, I, I started writing songs for, for like, especially metal and Death Metal and stuff like that. So of course there's this supernatural horror element and then that, that just sort of continued even through my sort of inter wall bands where it was still sort of darkish. And now obviously it's influenced by that too. Or at least wrapped in a, in, in in some sort of wrapping that Yeah. Supposed to to or a risk. So of course I, I think that Scandinavian folklore had, I don't know how it is nowadays because I'm, I'm obviously not a child now, and I, I do have children though, so I'm not sure if they, I'm not sure that they have sort of dealt with with the same fairytale, you know, murkiness that, that even when I was a kid and, and Scandinavian folklore is a lot about trolls and, and various creatures that live in the forest.


Yeah. Where I grew up in Lynch shopping, we had, I mean, anybody traveling to Lyn shopping or anybody who's ever been there knows that there's a, there's a stream going through the, the city and it, it's, it's like a built stream. And, and, and it's, it's in the form of sort of a, a a, a city park, If you will. It's not just sort of licking between the, the the houses. It's, it's like a, it's, it's like a long, long park that goes through the town. And because it's part of a system called Yata Canal, a channel, it's a, it's adjoined to, to yata canal. It has these slus and, and stuff. So you can actually take the boat Oh, okay.


On and, and travel. Oh, that's cool. And where I grew up and, and where my kindergarten was, it's still there. It, it, it's still a functioning kindergarten, like a, a daycare place. It was really nice because we had it, it, it was sitting right, right next to very near the, this stream. Oh, that's cool. So there was like a huge park, like a big park right next to where we were. And, and we had these slu you know, where, where old wooden, Oh, that's cool. These boats would come and they would, you know, fill water up and, and, but there was also like a waterfall there It is. This is is actually a pretty beautiful place. Yeah. Any, if anybody would travel toline shopping at some point, go down to ha Hawaii, it's called Ha Hawaii because it's like a little peninsula where Oh, that's cool.


Where Me and my friends and, and everybody we knew would go with six packs and get, fuck. We all have that one place. Not when you were in kindergarten. It was later When I, not when when I was in kindergarten. But, but anyway, and, and there there's this character in Swedish folklore called Chen. Hmm. And he is like a naked man sitting That's Scary. And, and, and by the water in a waterfall or where the water streams down downstream. And he'd sit there and play fiddle naked. Oh. And If you ever hear him, you'll be enchanted by his playing.


And you will, and he will lure you and he will drown you. Oh, that got dark so fast. Right. I was like, I was like, alright, sounds cool. Let's go like this guy, let's go. Yeah. And then I was like, oh shit, I like the fiddle music. And I was Little and, and you know, and on a and we were down there playing. You couldn't help but to sort of think that if there was such a thing as neck and he would probably sit right over there. Sounds like it. Because that is a typical neck in place to sit. Yeah. Why not? If we know anything about neck in Yeah. He's gonna sit there, he's gonna sit in that waterfall. That's great. So Tobias, we told you at the beginning of the episode that we had a very special guest who wanted to come in and just congratulate you and say, Hey.


So If you want, we can let them in now if that's good. No, Of course. Who who is it please? I'm very nearly here. He's here. Welcome to the show. Doug Brown. Doug, Hi Tony. Hey man, how are you? I'm very well. How are you? Good. I'm doing fine. Doing just fine. It's been a while. Covid kept getting in the way, huh? Yeah. Have have, have we not seen each other since then? I think at the Peterson they wouldn't let us backstage. And then I think, I think the last one you needed to kind of voice preservation. Energy preservation. Yeah, I remember that. Now You, you didn't didn't need annoying groupies.


Exactly. No, I'm, I'm, I'm, and, and my, I might have been also disturbed by, do you still have that insect infestation in, in Pittsburgh? Oh, that was crazy. Which one we had. We had the stink bugs. Ugh. Yeah. The these Then that was followed by the, the, the spotted lantern flies. Oh, Even Worse. Oh, that was one I was referring to, but I just wanted to conclusively I would just wanna say we are coming to Pittsburgh. You are? Yes. Yeah. This summer. So I'm looking forward to see both of you then. Yeah. We, we, we already have our tickets. We, we we will be there. Yay. We'll all be there. We'll, We'll we'll meet up some, some bug less place.


Congratulations on the movie. Thank you. Thank you so much. Which was terrific. And so the tore upcoming and you could lay claim to being the hardest working man in show business. I think. I think so. Ah, I, I, I try to put my miles, but, but it's, I think it will be 10 years this year since we first saw you. Is it House of Blue Dallas? I think 2015. Was it? Damn. 14. 14. I'm losing count. Okay. 11 years. Look At that. Yeah. Well, I bet they suck. I bet they're gonna go. You just happened to step in on the one night when we didn't do that.


Elena, congratulations on the novel. Oh, I thank you so much. I read enjoyed hugely thank You. With a plot twist for the ages, which I did not see coming. Thank You so much. I I mean that I was literally a kind of what, That was the plan, so I'm glad it worked. I I haven't cleared the decks for the sequel yet. It's coming. I will, The third one's coming. Okay. Ready? Is that, do you stop at a trilogy or do you just I'll keep going. Probably you'll get some more. I Didn't congratulate you on anything, Ash, but That's Okay. I just exist. Congratulations for being wonderful. Oh, thank you. Aw, back at you Doug.


Look at the love here. This was so amazing and it was so amazing to have Doug come in as a surprise guest. We wanted to give you that at the, the end know, thought it'd be fun. We love Doug so much. Oh, thank you for coming, Doug. We love Tobias. We love Doug. It's just all love here. And just to wrap it up, the album comes out on April 25th. It's incredible. Everybody go get it because you won't be disappointed. The single for Satan Eyes and the sister and poet comic are available now. When this episode comes out, you can access all the above plus some really sick merch on ghost official.com and I encourage you to do it. Tobias, you're amazing. We're huge fans. We'll stick with you. Can't wait to see you on tour.


We'll be at a couple of the dates. Looking forward to that. And thank you so much. Thank you so much for coming on. We really, really appreciate it. Thank you. And we hope you guys keep listening And we hope you Keep it.


Copy find my go away button. If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, If you guys know one thing about us, it's that we love a deep dive. Well, If you are looking for a limited series that will completely consume you, we've got you covered. The sketchy text you're always getting, sometimes there's something way darker behind them. Imagine helping your brother land a dream job abroad only to discover you've trapped him in a nightmare. We're talking armed guards with shoot to kill orders and thousands forced to scam others just to stay alive. Wondery new podcast, Scam Factory follows one family's desperate fight to save their brother from a multi-billion dollar criminal empire. Where the only way out is to become part of the scheme that trapped you. Are you looking for a wild story that'll keep you up at night? Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.