
Hey, weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that ll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you, LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at t is introducing a new guarantee, the at&t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The AT&T guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. And I'm Ash. And this is Dur Mall. What would it be? Backwards. Hold on. Hold on. M-O-R-B-I-D. This is Deb. This is Welcome to Drom Drom.


This is, this is different. It's we places, you know. Yeah, it's, it's manic. Monday instead of Freaky Friday. Yeah, it's nuts Monday. It's nuts. Oh, this is uncomfortable. We hate it. Everyone around us hates different opinion and everyone around us hates it. My daughter would not speak to us. She would not. And I was like, you love us as each, as like who we are. I walked down the stairs and my do and Sydney barked and growled at me and ran at me. Like, who are you intruder walking into my house? Because I don't, let's be honest, I don't. You don't look like you.


I don't look like Ash. I look, I don't look like you. Various things I, you look like a lot of things I do. I look like have caused a lot of issues. You look, you look like you stay causing issues. I remain, what'd you say? I remain causing issues. I don't know what I look like. But it's not you. You just look like, you just look chill. I mean, you're pretty chill. And with a widow speaker, I drew this off a drawn on widow speaker that didn't come with one. I said, oh wait, the missing piece, we need a widow speak. I have a go shirt, a GOs shirt. So there you go. And it's pink. It's pink. So it had a little ash, little sparkle ash.


There's nothing of Elena. No. In this. Get up. Ash. Ash even put bronzer on me. No, of course they didn't. For the first time. I've never worn bronzer. I don't have any bronzer on right now. And I feel naked. I didn't overline my lips. Nope. I did you did You actually look great with an over lined lip? Oh my God. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh, we forgot to put long nails on Elena. We did. I should have stuck like pieces of tape or something on there. All right, we're back. We said if you're not wearing nails, then you're not doing drag. And we're doing drag today, honey. Although my nails have never looked like that.


Thank you. And if they fall off, I go immediately to my boy. Hell nail ninja. But we're just gonna let it go today. We're just gonna let it go today. You know, sometimes you gotta work through it. Alright, well it's, you can't take time off to remove nails. No, I never do. You know, you can't do it. I only when I take my day off. No. Oh. Oh. I hate wigs. I know, I hate wigs. Okay. Alright. Okay. It's Listener Tales. It's brought you BY you For you FROM you and all about you. I probably should have said that, but I don't remember that. That's okay. So I, I can't do it. I can't beat Ash. You know what few can, who can you know? Few can only ash just me. Yeah. But we have Listener Tales today.


Just fixing nails. You are like me today. You're getting distracted. Yeah, I'm getting, see, I'm like, what? You have to find something to fiddle with for this. Oh, I do. Entire time. I'll, don't you worry. So should I start Ash? Or should you, Elena, go ahead. I hate it. I hate it. So start. Alright, start. Are you gonna do my hair flip? Hold on. No, don't reveal. Don't let them know. Oh, okay. Hold on. Oh, the hair all go be his hair on the thing. We do A little one. Just a little one. Mine is not that dramatic.


It's more dramatic. No, it's not. I'm bringing it down a little bit. Alright, hold on. We've never flipped your weave off. So I, I haven't ever formed to we off. I'm crying. I'm literally crying, but that's because I'm an empath. Alright. Alright. This one is, oh, by the way, Mary Chrysler and happy. Oh wait, you wanna say that? I'm trying. Mary Christmas. Happy Yule. Happy Yu. There you go. Happy Juul is what Elena would say. I hope your holidays have been so gorgeous. I hope your holidays have been so, what do I say?


I feel like I would just say, fuck you. I'm literally crying. What other things do you, you say that's, that's about it. I think you covered it. Leave it. No, we, that's it. I'm sorry. I think we've, I'm literally crying. What other things do you say? Fuck you. That's about it. I think you covered it. That ran the gamut. Wait, wait. Tobias, come on the show. Oh, that too. Okay. Okay.


Looking at me crying. Oh, I literally have tears in my eyes. These are two. Oh oh. This is an unhinged one. Everybody. It's, that's what it's supposed to be. All right. So like we said, hope your holidays were gorgeous. Fuck you and fuck you. So this one says Sarah. The Bogan. The bogan, something like that. The bogan. The bogan. No, it's boo Bogan. Bogan bo bogan. Bo. It's EN or IN. It's both like it's bogan, bogan, boin, boen booga. It's lost all meaning. Yeah. Never had one in the beginning. I was gonna say. I didn't know. Anyway, I lost another nail. Oh, not another nail. You gotta go see heli. I know. So to start off this story, I have to give some background on my great grandmama.


B. She was a very quiet person who kept to herself a lot. When she did talk, it was usually to ask a question, criticize something or talk about what she called the bogans Bogans. Well, however you spell it. That's what she called ghosts. Ah, I like that. Okay. She had a lot of encounters with ghosts in her lifetime. Most, I can't remember because I was young And she rarely spoke. One encounter I do remember was when she was in the hospital, a man came to her bed and told her, it's not your time yet. Now a little background of the ghost in question here. Sarah. I grew up in a haunted house. There were certain rooms that would just creep us out and we'd feel something in them. Same relatable. Yeah. My house used to be a doctor's office where autopsies were performed and is over a hundred years old.


So that may play a part in it. Maybe That's so cool. Maybe I don't remember this too well. But when I was very little, my parents would find me in my room, seemingly by myself. And when asked what I was doing, I would say I'm playing with Sarah. She seemed friendly and other family members had seen her on occasion as well. One of the most notable was when my mom came home, when the house was empty and saw a little girl staring out the window of one of the rooms that gave us the creeps. My oldest brother saw her and may have used to play with her as well, but I don't quite remember. This happened on Christmas when I was very little. I used to sleep in my brother's room for Christmas Eve. And this particular Christmas, grandma B was to sleep on a cot in that room as well as she was staying over for the holiday.


Now I overheard my parents talking about grandma B staying over and they had to use the phrase, sleeps with her eyes open to indicate that she was a light sleeper. Ah, little me had no idea what that meant. And in my mind I was shocked taking it very literally. Like she's just laying there like, how could somebody sleep with their eyes open? So I decided that night, Christmas night, I was gonna see for myself, I stayed up in my brother's top bunk, patiently and quietly waiting for grandma B to fall asleep. Then I snuck down the ladder to have a peek. I stood over my grandma B to see if she really did sleep with her eyes open. Grandma B, my grandma B. Did I say that intense? No, but it just sounds like that. Grandma B, grandma B, her eyes were closed as I was looking and then suddenly shot open.


I absolutely booked it out of the room and into the bathroom to hide as I was frightened being caught standing over her after a while, hiding in the bathroom. I went back, back to bed and fell asleep. The next morning she told everyone that she had seen Sarah, the Bogan, standing over her that night. Sarah the Bogan, Sarah, the Bogan. I kept silent, but years after she continued to tell that story and I kept my secret until she passed away. Probably almost 20 years later. I finally told my family and everybody was shocked and very amused that I was the ghost my grandma had seen that night. The Bogan. The Bogan. I love it. I like that. I like that short sweetened to the point that is And that's very, that's very Christmas. That is so Christmasy. It's very Christmas ghost story where it's like, I'm the bogan. It's Christmas.


Tom Foolery. I think, I feel like Bogan is a, is a thing. Like that's a thing that they do call spirits. I think Bogans are brutish. Hairy. Yeah. Or qua golf. Cross breeds. Sometimes known as spider killers. You know what? I was about to say that, huh? But then I didn't wanna come off as a know-it-all. You know? I know. Usually that's my job. That's it's the Bogans is also a movie. It's Ian. Ooh. But they're like yucky. And then in the Trolls movie there's Bogans. There are bogans. That's why I thought you were talking about Bogans. I like the Bogans. The Bogans, the Bogans. Well you turn Ash.


So Ash's turn and it's gonna be listener. Hello? Can I put a friend? Listener Tales Christmas edition Christmas and it says Attached. You'll find a podifah of my Christmas edition Listener Tales. I hope you enjoy. I will. Who knows. I know. Alright, it says Hello. My spooky obsessed friends love you and your podcast so much. I love you. Thank you. I don't know if I can say your name yet, so I'm not going to say it. Don't say it yet. All of the congratulations on all of the things. Marriages, new and old kids, cats, books, giving me nightmares for a week, et cetera. Thanks for all that. The last is not an easy thing to do. So truly congrats.


How you may ask, was it That's a John Wayne Gacy episode. What? How? How? You may ask, was it the John Wayne Gacy episodes? No. How about a spooky road also? No. Dennis Rader. Hell no. The scariest thing about that ass hat is his hairline. That's true. What Then That failed pirate Carl fucking Pans Ram. No, he was creepy. He was crazy. Yeah. Can't put my finger on why he tripped the Night Terror Switch. However, I did not sleep for several nights. Thank you. He was a wild one, so I get that one. Yeah, no, he really was for sure. That's that's valid. He's an underrated, scary one for sure. My name is Leanne. Go ahead and use it. See you. There you go. Today I am offering you an you an example of my dad's questionable parenting choices in the form of a listener tale Christmas edition.


Let's get after it. This is the story of when my dad had my sister and I get pizza delivered to a murder scene. First, a bit of context of how my dad just is. He and our mom split when my sister and I were very young and my dad never remarried. So his gauge on all things child related can be far from standard at times. Not in an abusive way. More of a, they are clean and alive, therefore, therefore they are just fine kind of way. It's kinda like, yeah, the guy, the dad and overboard. Exactly. Just like, you know, it's fine. Our mom moved to the Midwest and we spent our lives flying between the two Dad and California mom and Indiana, Michigan. Oh, that must've been so interesting. I know, because you're seeing like totally different areas and flying that much.


It's Christmas Eve, 1991. I was 11 and my sister was about to turn 13 at this time in his 20 years with the Sheriff's department as a patrol officer that you buried the lead there. You really did. You really did. Because when you said to a murder scene, get pizza delivered to a murder scene, I was like, did your dad murder someone and then call you to bring pizza? That's also what I thought. This explains it. This explains it. Now we know my dad worked days AKA, the worst six months of his working life, who works days. It is the absolute worst thing ever. Both quotes my dad firmly stands by to this day. I kind of get that. I know I get that. So it's around lunchtime and my older sister and I are sitting around the house, most likely watching absolute trash tv because while there was never food in the house, we had all the cable channels.


We were waiting for our dad to get off work, to take us to our family's yearly Christmas party. When the phone rings, it's our dad and he needs us to do him a favor. Now, this is very odd because no matter his work shift hours, whenever he needed something from us, he would just swing by the house because we lived in his patrol area. Side note, this meant it was also okay to leave his two kids home alone while working graveyard ship because quote, if anything happens, I'll be the first to know we live in my patrol area. I mean, and then it says questionable parents. Valid, valid, questionable. Yeah, valid. All at the same


time. The start of the new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and prioritize what matters most. For me, a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important now than ever. Thanks to Rocket Money dot com. My goals feel achievable. They show me all my subscriptions right in one place, and they help me easily cancel the ones that I forgot about that I've still been paying for. Rocket Money also pulls together all my spending across all of my different accounts so that I can clearly track my spending habits and you know, be a little more aware of what I can cut back and where I can budget a little more. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. It monitors your spending and helps you lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. I love that you can see all your subscriptions in one place because you know exactly where your money is going, and for the ones that you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all your accounts. You can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help keep your spending on track. You see your monthly spending trends in each category to know where your money is going. Mine goes mostly to coffee. It's kind of a problem, but we're working on it. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. I know they have saved me a ton of money. I'm a huge fan of Rocket Money. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid. Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid


Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you can learn and grow with over 200 plus of the world's best. That's why Wirecutter calls it an invaluable gift. Gift unlimited learning. Learn from any masterclass instructor anywhere on a smartphone computer, smart tv, or even an audio mode, and the classes really do make a difference. 88% of members feel that Masterclass made a positive impact on their lives. I use this and you should too. I've been taking a class about the power of storytelling with LaVar Burton. I'm talking reading Rainbow Ladies and Gents and also a creative writing class with Margaret at Wood. Yes, you heard that right? It has been such an amazing thing to hear from some of the best about what their process is and to get inspired by honestly straight up icons. It really gets the creative juices flowing. I highly, highly recommend it. Right now, our listeners get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash Morbid. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/ Morbid masterclass.com/ Morbid.


So dad is on the phone and has a task for us to complete and we must follow his instructions exactly as they're given to us. These instructions were as follows, call the Pizza Hut and Lakeside. Ask for the manager. Explain. We are the daughters of one of the officers that just hauled ass outta the restaurant. Request for delivery to the following address. Don't actually remember it. So let's just say 1, 2, 3, 4 Crazy Street in East County San Diego. Stress. The fact that whomever delivers the pizza is not to pass the first patrol B car on the block under any circumstances. That part was extremely important. I love that. In all this time he called you guys to reiterate that information. He could have just called the pizza people themselves.


Yep. Now at this point, my sister and I are following these instructions to the very letter as this whole situation is freaking us out. Big time. Everything about it was just off and strange. An hour, maybe two go by and dad calls again pissed. He said he gave us specific instructions and they needed to be followed and they were not. Oh, now he has a quote unquote mess to deal with and doesn't need this today. Now we're not only confused, but we're also scared. Our dad only yelled at us if we broke something while fighting in the house. So getting chewed out by him was not standard operating procedure. We continue to wait for our dad to get home all while trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Several more hours go by. Finally, our dad gets home from work and apologizes to us saying he's sorry for yelling.


That's good parenting. That is good parenting that he stopped by the Pizza Hut prior to coming home and spoke with the manager and that she told him we did follow his exact instructions and that she's very sorry. Her dumb ass employee can't simple follow simple instructions. Alright, the specific instruction of not to go past the first patrol car. Why was this important? You might ask. Well, turns out the delivery address was a few doors down from a murder scene. Oh, oh. So this is what went down on this Christmas Eve 1991. Also, this is the most early nineties parenting ever. Truly, while sitting down for lunch, a call came out over the radio of shots fired man down. This is when my dad and his fellow patrol officers on duty ran out of the restaurant to get to the scene.


Once they arrived, they find out that two tweaked out people had been fighting out front of one of the houses on Crazy Street. At some point, person A went into his house and left person B outside in the yard. Person B was not done fighting. He was. He was like, for, he said, I'm ready to go. He said, I still got energy and found something to stand on, to look through a front window of of person a's house where he was met with a shotgun blast straight to the face. Oh my God. Holy shit. Yikes. Fell straight back into the yard, missing most of his head and face human debris all over the front yard. Why the upset phone call you may ask. Well, the delivery driver did not follow instructions.


Walked right past the first patrol car under the yellow tape and right up to my dad. Oh no. When my dad sees him, he asks in a very direct, forceful manner, what the fuck do you think you're doing? Get behind the tape now. Stupid delivery kid makes some joke about how word is this is a crime scene and that someone might get shot, might have got shot. And my dad responded by saying, yeah, that guy right there and pointed to the dead dude a few feet away. I mean, your dad is the most nineties top. I've don't be an idiot. Don't make a joke of a crime scene unless you wanna get scarred for life. You just walked under a yellow tape. Get outta here. Who do you think you're, whatever you see is your own fault at this point. Must like, where was anybody telling you not to? I one's stopping you nineties At this point, the delivery driver almost dropped the pizza.


Started screaming, throwing up, and basically having a massive panic attack, which is the thing our dad quote didn't have time for right Now, in all fairness, dumb ass should have followed directions and what Assett thinks it's okay to cross under yellow crime scene tape because quote, I wanna see what's going on. Yeah. My sister sat on the couch listening to this explanation of things completely dumbfounded. We could not believe that our dad, a law enforcement officer, had his children get pizza delivered to a crime scene as if this is a 100% normal thing to do. It's not. I have no words other than highly questionable parenting. Keep it weird, my dudes, but not so weird. You still want lunch while working a murder scene and therefore have your kids get you delivery.


PS it was pizza for all the law enforcement officers on scene, not just our dad. They're a whole group of weirdos that I've known my whole entire life. Lord, help us. What a nineties tale. That was an amazing nineties tale. Ian. I've never heard of a more nineties father. That was great. And I love your dad. Oh man, that's great. I bet your dad is awesome. Yeah, definitely. Like I bet he like got as he got older. He got awesome. Yeah, definitely. All right. My next one is listener Tale Holiday Hanukkah Ghosts. It's a miracle. Just kidding. It's a podifah. A miracle. A miracle. Truly a miracle. I know. Podifah's are a miracle. They are. All right, so it says, hi, lovely ladies. I initially sent this back in April when I was new to your show and had just heard last year's holiday Listener Tales episode.


Since then, I have become so much older and wiser and I'm therefore resending this as a double spaced podifah and at the appropriate time of year, and I'm not going to apologize for the fact that it's really long. Never see. I've learned so much FROM you. You have, when you said you hadn't heard many Hanukkah related ghost stories, I knew I had to chime in by the way. They said, this is my time to shine. It's my time baby, by the way. Hi, my name is Emma and you can use it because it would be so thrilling to hear it coming from your beautiful voices. Is that creepy? No. Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma. Emma. Emma. Emma. Emma. Emma. Emma. First I have to say that since April I have listened to every episode and have become a hardcore follower. Thank you. Love you. It's so nice to find such a badass couple of women in this very ma male dominated genre.


Yes. Thank you. I mean, oh my God. Thanks. Yes. I especially appreciate your sisterly relationship. It's really at its peak today. I was gonna say. Oh no, it's really on, on display. It's on display every day. I, and it reminds me of my own relationship with my younger brother. As a historian, I really value all the research you do to bring your stories into life. Hey, Dave. I was gonna say, shout out to Dave. Out to Dave as a histor. Oh, I was gonna read the same thing again as a historian. Yeah. Just one more time. I have to give a special shout out to the Lake Shawnee Amusement Park episode. I love that episode. That was such a good episode. Whoa. I haven't been that terrified since. Well, my own ghostly experiences, which I'm going to share with you right now.


Hell yeah. I am playing with my hair more than you ever would, and I can't stop. Should I be playing with mine, obviously. Oh, okay. Starting at the beginning. I grew up in a Oh, queen and Victorian. Oh, in San Francisco. I would love that. Wake up San Francisco. When my parents bought the house in the early nineties, I was eight. My sister was four, and my brother had just been born from the beginning. My parents knew something was up. The realtor told them that the novelist who lived up the street, none other than Danielle Steele, whoa, shut up, had just sent a ghost hunter slash paranormal investigator to every house on our street for research for her new book about ghosts. That is wild. I wonder which book in particular it was.


I don't know, but what, what a like what a life to leave. What a flex. That is a flex. You'll so just knocking on doors being like, ah. So Miss Steel down the road sent us to research your house. She'd like to know if your house is haunted. Yeah. Damn. That's great. The realtor was thrilled to inform my parents that ghost had in fact been found in their new house. One of the defining features of my parents' house is that it has a super long creepy hallway. We love it. My room and my brother's nursery, were on the opposite end of the long hallway from my parents' room. Thanks, mom and dad, and we were quick to discover that was the more haunted end of the house. Thanks. Thanks again. Yikes. Many of the standards occurred in those early days, you know, lights flickering, doors opening.


Elena, I know you can relate to all of the times. As a teenager, I literally said out loud, okay, ghost, I need to sleep now. Please stop opening my door. I literally have said that before. I was like, I really gotta get sleep after having to get up three times. Yep. As a child, the sound of someone walking up and down the creaky hallway was unmistakable. I would lie in bed and listen to the, listen to the sound of someone slowly approaching my room from the far end of the house. Ooh. Yeah. That's like when, 'cause I moved into Elena's room after she moved out, and you could hear the footsteps all night, but going up the stairs. Yep. So you would have this moment where you were like, is it a burglar? Is it the I was about to be killed and you just never know. No, it was always the ghost. Yeah. And it sounded like work boots.


Yeah, it did. Like heavy work boots. Some days, my mom's sister and I would remark about how the previous night had been particularly noisy to the effect of, did you hear the hallway last night? Oh yeah. You did too. Did you hear the hallway was bumping Last night? That hallway went crazy. My dad was always the unbeliever. Don't worry. We'll circle back on that one. Hmm. The most frightening thing I remember happening constantly as a young child though, was when I was, when I would hear people putting dishes away in the kitchen. Ooh. About halfway down the hallway, there was a banister to the staircase that used to be the maid staircase or the back stairs to the kitchen. I remember telling myself, my parents must be unloading the dishwasher even though it was late. I would creep outta my room and peer over the banister down into the kitchen to see all the lights off.


Oh no. Nope. No parents just, oh. And hearing the clanging of dishes while the lights are pitch black. Yeah. That's horrifying. No, no. Makes me think of a sixth sense. Yeah. That scene. Oh, so freaky. Just some ghost dinner parties. Yeah. When I went to college, my little brother took over my bedroom. It's hilarious. 'cause I was just saying literally the same thing many years later. He was already, when he was already in college himself, I mentioned the pudding away, the dishes noises, his face went completely pale. He said, what? I heard that all the time too. I can't believe you never mentioned that to me. You guys gotta talk more. I know. Seriously. That was some serious confirmation that it wasn't just the fancies of Danielle Steele haunting me as a child. No, I'm sure you're dying to hear about the Hanukkah part by now.


No, let's go. As you have mentioned, Elena, our ghosts also like to join the party. We saw way more activity during and after big parties, and of course renovations. Oh, yes. You probably wanna know what made my dad a believer. I do. I do. I really do. Yeah, we do. It wasn't the footsteps in the hallway or my door opening, or the dishes, or the secret door in the wall of the basement. Excuse me. Buried the lead there, sister, girl, what? And then in parentheses. Yep. Yeah. Or finding whiskey bottles in newspapers from the early 19 hundreds in the rafters during guess what? Renovations. Oh my God. That must have been so cool. Cool. That's so cool. No, it wasn't those things. It was the Hanukkah party that went on after we all went to bed.


There was a Hanukkah party after you went to bed. I kind of love that. I love that. Well, the end of the hallway, where my bedroom was is still to this day for sure, a hotspot. The dining room is the place that as children, we always avoided and held our breath whenever we had to switch on or off the lights. Huh? It had the most haunted look as, it had all the original mahogany wall paneling from the 19th century. Oh my God. Oh my God. I just felt like more of a rose in that moment. Oh, I love that. I need to see it. Please send a picture. Yeah. I want to see. It's the place also with the most ghostly vibes. I love it. It is obvi where my parents hosted company. So one Hanukkah night, I came into the city with some friends when I was in college at Berkeley, and my mom made lock keys, ah, for a group of about 10 to 15 people, including some family, friends.


Something to know about my mom is that she's legally blind. So A, she would def not have been putting dishes away in the dark at any point in my childhood. No. And B, she has a very unique way, unique way of checking to make sure all the candles are out at the end of the night. My parents are very fire cautious. Ours too. Yeah. This is very weird. We weren't allowed to have candles. No. Like mom. That was not a mom to have Mom. Your grandma. My grandmother. Her mother would've let us. Yeah, they would not let us. No, ever. She, she. Yeah. So when we would all go up to bed, if the menorah was not done burning yet, you don't blow out those candles. Nuh. Oh, yeah. My parents would put it in the sink to finish burning without, you know, burning the house down. Oh, that's pretty smart. Anyone else do this?


Fellow Jews, because that would scare me. Yeah. Leaving a candle of any kind to lit. Yeah. I never even thought of that. Debbie was saying that her and Pat, her husband, used to bet on which candle would go out first, so they would, they wouldn't go to bed at all. They just wait for the candles they to bring out. That makes sense. I get that. I know. That's smart though. The sink trick. Yeah, the sink trick is very smart. Yeah, because then it's pretty safe, because if it falls, it's in the sink. It's going in the sink. The sink's not gonna light on fire. I mean, to my knowledge, you're like, nah, water's right there. Yeah. Anyway, point being, my parents were very fire conscious, and even after my dad checked, my mom would go around feeling the wicks of the candles on the table with her fingers. Damn. To make sure they were not only out, but not even hot anymore.


That is some badass mom energy right there. She's like, I'm just going to, I'm just gonna palm the flame for real. If there is the flame, damn. Does she have fingertips anymore? Seriously.


Morbid is sponsored by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place. All on your terms. Introducing design intelligence from Squarespace. Combining two decades of industry leading design expertise with cutting edge AI technology to unlock your strongest creative potential. Design intelligence empowers anyone to build a beautiful, more personalized website tailored to their unique needs, and craft a bespoke digital identity to use across one's entire online presence. Connect major social and multimedia accounts to your website in a few clicks as icons, direct links, or embedded feeds. Build visitor trust while updating content only where you need it. Extending your brand's footprint. Sellers can also sync their product catalog directly with Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and Google to reach more customers and reduce the steps for a purchase. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, go to www.squarespace.com/ Morbid to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer experience, a thrilling, new, Paramount Plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid, star and Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


So this night after celebrating the miracle of fried food, when my friends and I had gone back to college and my parents had long gone to bed, my dad, you know, the unbeliever was woken up around two or three by a tapping on the front door. No. Also, some fun news. Our front door is 500 pounds of 10 foot tall, cast iron and glass. I need photos of this house. Seriously. That has, I need gorgeous photos. Photos. Photos. I need them. I need pictures. I love it. My dad described the noise as somebody tapping a fingernail on the glass door repeatedly. One of these, one of these fingernails. Of these fingernails. You say one of these, it got stuck to me. That was weird. It's literally just a post-it, but I didn't like it anyway. No, it's a nail. I know. It felt, it gave that, don't shatter the illusion.


It gave that vibe. Hi, bye. Nope. Yeah. That's how I feel. He went down the front stairs and heard it again. Then whipped his head around as he heard my mom's cell phone charging in the corner. Suddenly power off. Ooh. As he turned his head to the open door of the living room, there was one candle in the middle of the dining room table still lit and illuminating the Ghost Hanukkah dinner party. I'm obsessed. Guess what? My dad believes now around the same time he was scanning photos for my grandma's birthday Slideshow. Yes. When scanning was a a thing we did. Yeah. It's so funny 'cause I thought you meant like looking, oh my God. Like scanning a room and claims that a picture showed up on the screen that was not on the scanner bed. In fact, no one had ever seen it before.


It was a picture of the dining room with someone we don't know, sitting in the chairs from a time before we owned the house. Shut the fuck up. I love that. That is terrifying. I love that. Terrifying. I love that. I love that. That was a literal ghost Hanukkah party in the middle of the night. Yes. Like they were literally like, Hey, hey. Just can I have a little, little party just showing up. That's incredible. That's amazing. Now, between then and my latest story, I met my husband while living in Albuquerque, New Mexico. We moved in together into a rented gorgeous octagonal is how you say octagonal. Yeah, Octa, octagonal. Octagon, Victorian, because that's something you can do as a graduate student in Albuquerque. Crazy cheap, Brent. We thought it was so cool that they were always shooting breaking bad right across the street.


Am I dating myself? Yes, I am. Hell yeah. Yes. I'm 35. Hi, Aleena. Hi. What's up? You're Ash. I mean, I'm so young. Hi. I'm so young. She's so old. Shut up. Excuse me. Fuck you. I told my then boyfriend, now husband, about my experiences growing up in a haunted house, and he was intrigued, but like many boyfriends before, thought it was more of a funny story than a scary one. Yeah. He had never had any scary, scary ghost encounters yet. Uhoh, you were about to bring it to him. Literally, the first night we slept in the bedroom, we were falling asleep. When we were jolted out of bed to a truly horrifying sound.


It was like the wall started cracking all around us, but like in a clockwise circle like this, cracking would sweep around the room in a circle from one side to the other, enveloping us in the bed. What the fuck? Never figured out what that was. I love, I'm obsessed that anticlimactic isn't even the right word. It's just like nonchalant as fuck. I love just never figured out what that was. No. We be found, we're just, we're gonna move on from that. Wow. We would frequently see shadows moving in the dining room, which was a separate room with a swinging door on each end, and each of those little passthrough windows into the middle of the kitchen while standing in the kitchen, we would catch the shadows outta the corner of our eye through the little window. I think I remember you talking about dining rooms in part in particular, in one spooky episode.


Probably. Probably. Yeah. I'm sure at some point. Yeah. The kitchen was the room where things would literally move. We would put our phones down in there, then it would be gone. We'd search the house for 20 minutes and then come back to find it in the same place where we left it. That's fucked up. Things would move and fall on the floor when we were sitting in the living room with our backs turned to the kitchen once I actually saw a plastic bag come up and out of a drawer and fall onto the floor and thought, cool. That's what those noises are. Wow. Again, not echelon to be found. No. Or actually the most shalon to be found really, but the worst was the shared hallucination slash dreams. My husband and I would have, Ooh, let's get into it. Yeah. That's scary me a love a shared hallucination slash dream. We both have you ever had one with somebody?


No, but I, I love the idea of them. It's a great idea. They're awesome. We would both frequently wake up to a dark shadow with a sinister presence standing in the corner of our bedroom. That sounds like it sucks. I don't like it. We would both also see some sort of spinning plate above our heads in bed. What? After years of living in my parents' house, I never felt a sinister present from those ghosties. I was comforted by the movie, the others thinking that ghosts didn't know that they were haunting us. Aw. That's kind of how I feel about mom and Papa's house. Yeah. They're not trying to bum you out. I always just think they lived here first. They're just going about their business, you know? Yeah. It's like res I was gonna say residential hauntings. I thought you were gonna say resident evil and I was like, what? Huh?


Interesting. I was gonna, I meant to say residual hings makes sense, but I residential. That makes more, you just thought resident evil. You know, that kind of was an ashes first. You all right. You're pretty, it's seeping into my, it's the blonde soul. It's the blonde. We actually bleached Elena's hair a little to hair. We did. This is my real hair. Oh my God. Matt. One time we did, that's no, you guys saw when I did my hair flip it almost would flood. Alright. All right. All right. But that Albuquerque bedroom was dark. My husband shared the feeling we could not wait to get out of there. So by the time we were staying at my parents' house when I was pregnant with my son in 2019, congrats.


My husband had no longer thought the ghosts were some cool backstory. He had his own haunting experiences, and while he never had heard anything too outta the ordinary in my parents' house, he believed my stories. That's a good man right there. It is. He also said he never felt anything sinister like he did in Albuquerque, sinister until I was pregnant, sinister by, oh. Then it became sinister, sinister bi bibe bibe. Literally, she sinister bibe. Something changed at that point. I had started sleeping with noise canceling headphones on because, hi, pregnancy. AKA, the time when you don't sleep before you have a baby, and then you don't sleep some more. Oh, it's a beautiful time. The first time I slept at my parents' house when I was pregnant, I was upstairs on the third floor, which used to be the maid's quarters in the Victorian days.


I started staying in there when I was in town, when my brother took over my old room, as it tends to be less spooky up there. It's interesting that the third floor is less, less spooky. I know. You would think it would be the most spooky. Yeah. Right. I feel like the, and the, oh, no. Oh, girl. I feel like the extreme You, new manicure, correct. Of the house are always the spookiest. Yeah. The bottom and the top. Yes. Things in the middle are usually just what they are. Yeah. You know, just like the meat of the haunt. The meat. The meat of the sand. The H is sandwich. The bread is the scariest. Yeah. Yeah. The, the H Hoge. That's the meat in the middle that your brain just did some shit. That was I liked that. The haunted Hoge. Yeah. TM or putting it on a shirt someday.


Yeah. I like it someday. Anyway, la la I guess the ghosts weren't that thrilled with that development because I woke up in the middle of the night to the feeling of someone's hand squeezing my knee. Nope. I hate that. Hate that. I told myself it was sleep paralysis and didn't move for a few minutes though. My thought was, oh shit. To go select babies or something. Oh, no. When I came back five months later for my baby shower, my husband was with me and I was much more pregnant. I could not get comfortable in the full-size bed with him, so I woke him up and made him relocate to my old bedroom where my mom and dad had put a king bed temporarily because of Yup. Renovations. Oh my God. Sleeping, pregnant, not sleeping pregnant is, yeah. Is such an experience. That must be a lot.


The more pregnant you get, the more you're just like, get the fuck away from me. Everybody. It's kinda like, it's just getting you ready when, for when the baby comes, because then you're never gonna sleep. Oh, yeah. It makes you real ready. Yeah. It's, it's like conditioning. It is. Well, I put my headphones on and told myself I was too ERs for this shit. You were, but five minutes later my husband woke me up, take off your headphones. Ooh. That feeling in my stomach. I knew what was going on. What'd you hear? I asked him. Oh no. He said, my dad must be walking up and down the hallway. Nevermind. I didn't really wanna move so prager. So I said, okay. Five minutes later. Okay. That's it. He shook me awake. I heard the shuffling sound in the hallway and I could deal with it until I heard it come into the room. Oh, I don't let that, the shuffling steps came down the hall and straight into the room to the foot of our bed, despite the fact that the bedroom door was still closed.


No, I knew exactly the sound he was talking about. All right, we're going back upstairs. I said, I know exactly what you're talking about, and it's never, and it's never my dad. No matter how many times I told myself that it was growing up, it's just never my dad. I love that she's just telling her husband this. She's like, I'm gonna be real. I'm gonna be frank. I'm gonna be Francis with you right now. That's not dad. It's never my dad. No. It's never gonna be my dad. Never was my dad. It's just I love, it's just never my dad. It's just never my dad. Well, I hope you enjoyed my spooky Hanukah tales. I love it. Thanks so much. And keep it weird, but not so weird that you move from one haunted house to another one in New Mexico because they film Breaking Bad across the street. You know where the scenes where Walter meets Lydia at the cafe and then you move out because there's somebody who's not doing well living in the backyard, stalking you.


Yep. Skipped that part. And also shadowy presence in your bedroom and things. Move themselves in the kitchen with the little passthrough window to the haunted dining room, and then get pregnant and have ghost be way too into your unborn child. Okay. This took me three hours to Ray. Hope you like get by Emma. If you can't tell, I'm an Elena fame girl. Oh, Emma, I love you. Ps since writing this to you, I was contacted by an old friend from middle school who told me she has vivid memories of hiding in the bathroom because she was too afraid to cross the haunted hallway to get back to my bedroom since she could sense that there was something lurking out there. Yeah. For confirmation. PPS. Also, since writing this, I bought a new house. Congratulations. Yay. I researched the owners for fun. There was one owner who was an Irish immigrant and a cop who died in a shootout in the 1940s.


Whoa. And he lived there the longest. I definitely stood alone in the living room feeling the vibes and shamelessly asked the real estate agent if they knew of any hauntings before we signed, like a long time alone feeling the vibes, and I said aloud, are you there, Sergeant? Necessary and happy to report only good vibes. I love picturing you in the middle of your living. I'm just going, are you there, Sergeant? Sergeant? It's me. I love Margaret. It's me. That's me. Emma. Good vibes though. I like the good vibes. I love that a lot. That was a great story. I love it. MLU rule, and that was amazing. I'm trying to see, I'm gonna, I'm gonna move past Christmas to another holiday. What's the holiday? Just because this one involves a foot, so I feel like it's necessary.


Necessary. Question mark. Listener Tales that time. We found a foot on the 4th of July. Okay. I mean, how can I not go to that one? Alright. You know. Well, let's go to this. Hey weirdos. I am Nicole, and yes, you can use my name. Shout out to my cousin Kayla, who is a fellow listener, and also on the weirdest what river trip of our lifetime. I mean, I really hope it doesn't get any weirder than this. Okay. First, a little background. Every year, my family floats the river near my grandparents' house for the 4th of July. That's fun. For those of you who aren't from the Midwest, me floating the river usually involves putting in upstream on a local river with some type of flotation device or small boat.


You get to enjoy the beautiful scenery, typically hot weather, and at least for my fam, friends and family, partying your way downstream until you reach your predetermined destination. Alright. Don't worry. We always designate a driver or have a pickup ready. Don't drive and drink and drive my friends. Yeah. Good. Great. Great. Our great, great, great, great. Don't, our family usually uses a combination of canoes tied together, inflatable tubes and kayaks. Oh, that sounds fun. That does sound fun. This particular trip for normal paddlers would be three to four hours with short breaks. That sounds like a lot that my arms hurt right now from that I You would hate this. Yeah, you would too. You would hate this for sure.


We would hate this. We would. I think you would hate, I would hate this as well as ash. Yeah. Yeah. You would hate that so much. Oh yeah. Okay. That's what I thought. I would like the, I would like the partying part and the floating part like earlier in my life. Yeah. I think these days I think I'd be like, I'm too tired. Could you be just like a floater and everyone else does that? No. 'cause I can't. You have to. I couldn't float for like three to four hours. Yeah. I feel like I would panic. Me too. However, when 90% of the adults are highly intoxicated and you're stopping at every sandbar for pee breaks, we usually expect six to seven hour trip. No, no. We had roughly 20 people on this year's trip with kids. Seven kids under eight years old. One to two coolers in each canoe.


Stereo hooked up and old rock gyms blasting. This is my happy place. Most of my favorite summer memories have been made in this section of the, we're gonna Google it. We're gonna Google this one. I don't wanna ruin your, your river. Yeah. Hold up. Hold up. We're gonna have Google say it to you. Kota Kota Kota. That's fine to say Kota. So most of my favorite summer memories have been made in this section of the Kota River Mata Kota. Quite honestly, this included, and I feel this is a safe space for me to say that given what happens next. Yeah. This is always a safe space. It is.


Listen up, weirdos. We gotta talk about drunk elephants. Proteiny, polypeptide cream. I am straight up obsessed with this stuff. Imagine adding a protein boost to your morning smoothie for extra energy. But now picture Proteiny doing the same for your skin. It is that powerful. Just as our bodies need protein to stay strong and healthy, our skin craves peptides and nutrients just like our bodies do. Think of it as a nourishing protein shake via face. Proteiny is a breakthrough moisturizer that delivers daily moisture. It visibly firms and strengthens skin, and it improves the appearance of skin's, texture and tone, fine lines and signs of sun damage. I have incorporated this into my daily routine and my skin is feeling so nice. This is a super lightweight cream, which I really love. I'm not a super big fan of like a heavy cream. This is a gel cream that delivers daily moisture, visibly firm skin. It has nine signal peptides and I am up with it. Discover proteiny polypeptide cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


So back to the tripping question. About 45 minutes into our seven hour float, we all have a solid buzz on when my cousin floating ahead of the group in his kayak notices a boot floating just beneath the surface of the water. The water is muddy, but pretty clear this time of year, he tells my brother, who's slightly closer to what he assumes, is just a stuck boot thinking he had just found a random shoe. My brother grabs the boot out of the water and I shit you not. There is an entire tibia fibula covered in a dirty sandy sock sticking straight out of the tied boot. What? Hello? Blink. Blink. Hey. Perfect job.


Thank you. Back. What? What? Excuse. Wait, what? You would say? What the fuck? That's what you would say. I love following up with. That's what you would say. You were like, nailed it. You did. You nailed it. Nailed it, nailed it. Nailed it. Nailed it. So, oh my God. That's, oh my God. That's crazy. What the fuck? Shocked at the site of a human fucking leg. My brother dropped the boot back into the water. You said? Not today. And honestly, I can't believe him. That's we floating. We floating. The two guys stared at each other for a minute and then yelled for our parents who were in a group of canoes tied together nearby and all the commotion, the music gets turned down.


They were like turned down the two. They were like, we need to see. Yeah. And my mom yells to me that they found a foot. Hey, hey, we found a foot. We found a foot. Imagine you got a buzz on and somebody yell to you that they found a foot. How do you move past that? You sober up real quick. Yeah. That's a sobering moment. Now, at this point in time, I was in my own world about 20 feet behind the group talking with my friend. When I finally figured out what she was saying, I was positive. This was just my family playing a joke on me. I would think so too. Me too. Of course. I paddled over with my kayak to see what was going on because even if it was a joke, I needed to see what they were talking about.


As I'm paddling downstream, I spot this dirty boot floating along near the canoes after making sure my 5-year-old wasn't in eyesight. Oh my God. I pulled the boot out of the water and sure enough, there is a fucking human leg hanging out of this boot that the thought of that image is just too much. I dropped it back in the water because like what do you do? I don't know. Now the group is yelling at me half saying to leave it and the other half saying to call 9 1 1. I look over at my mom who nods at me as if to say, do it my Morbid mom do being my Morbid self. Thanks ladies. You bet. I pull the boot back outta the water and throw it on my kayak. Stop it. I'm proud of you.


So here I am, 50 minutes into a seven hour float with a right lower leg on my Kaya. Oh my God. No one had cell service. And to be honest, we were a little worried the DNR wouldn't be cool with our general lack of life jackets and planned alcohol consumption. It's planned and you have a driver. There you go. After talking with my uncle who is an EMT and my mom a nurse. We decided I would paddle back upstream to the nearby sandbar where we could easily reach later via gravel road again. I already have a buzz on and my ass had to now had to now paddle upstream. Oh no. I'm not an athletic girl neither. So this took a bit, once I reached the beach, I set the foot down in a clearly visible place. I could later identify for the police.


The whole time I'm paddling. All I could, all I could think was, oh my God, I can't wait to tell. I'm obsessed because even though we're not best friends in real life, we are in my head and we, and we are real life as Morbid of a discovery. We made our family still enjoyed a full day on the river and had a blast. You guys are reckless and I love it. I love it. I would be so worried that the rest of the man's was somewhere underneath us, which would show up. Yeah. After we got off the river at 6:00 PM my uncle called in our discovery. We sobered up a bit and went down to the scene to give our statements to the sheriff's deputies picture, a fairly intoxicated sunburnt mother of two with a Morbid fascination for all things true crime. Trying to set the scene for the deputy like I'm on.


I'm some type of professional who doesn't just listen to a lot of Podcasts and watch too many murder documentaries. This is actually wild. This is a, this is a story and I love it. I would pay money to watch that body cam footage. I would too. The next morning my brother went out out to the scene and showed investigators specifically where we had pulled out the boot. Well, he was there. They dug into the sand and found pieces of denim. A few weeks later, we found out they excavated the area and did recover a body. So he was floating with you? He was floating with you. My my fear confirmed. Yes. After a few months, they confirmed the body was that of a missing man from the area who was last seen in November, 2020. Even though this whole experience was wild and as story I will tell around the bonfire for years to come, it was not lost on any of us.


The impact our discovery made, I only hope we brought this man's family a little justice at this point. There's never been a little peace. Yeah. A little piece. Sorry. At this point, there has never been an official cause of death release that I know of. And although there's lots of rumors, well, for what may have happened out of respect for his fa this man's family, I won't speculate Good on you. Sometime when I'm not running on fumes, I will send him my best ghosty stories. Please do. Please do. Turns out I'm fairly, fairly sensitive and spirit's good and bad. I almost said fairly. Turns out I'm fairly sensitive. That's so me and that's very you and spirits good and bad. Really dig my vibes. Both my children are similar in keeping our home cleared and cleansed in a con is a constant battle.


About two years ago, I saw several mediums and ended up needing to perform a Ritual to remove a negative attachment from a past life. Oh, send over that information. Yeah. Things have gotten much easier since then and my life has transformed into something truly beautiful that I didn't know was possible. Oh, that just made my heart. I love this. So full. Love you both and look forward to seeing a new episode every time they pop up. Thank you for all the time and energy you put in the podcast. It has gotten me through many long work days and house cleaning days. Stay weird weirdos. I feel like I could like feel her energy through the pedophile. I, for real. And that I love you Nicole. You have great energy. Nicole. That was great energy. Yeah. It filled me with happiness. I loved that. Is this you on the river in your Gmail thing?


Is it I think, oh no, that's a pool. Oh, okay. But I still love you floating in a pool. Wow. All right. So Listener Tales a lighthearted sign from the after life, not after life. After life after Christmas tale. Life after life. Do you believe life after lice? Do I need to just move it into a thing? I can see. We'll just keep, I believe believe that lice is your hair. I really don't think you're strong enough. Oh, lice. Now I'm a hairdresser. You used to be. So I know about lice.


I actually, there was a lice scare out my salon once and I thought that we were gonna get to leave, but we couldn't. But you couldn't. You had to stay. That was unfortunate to fight through the lice. Anyways, Listener Tales a lighthearted sign from the afterlife. Christmas tale about life. Hey weirdos. I'm Katie. You can use my real name. Katie. Katie. Katie. I am typing on my phone and can't figure out how to type, how to double space this shit. So I did my best. You know what your best is. All right. Alright. It's great. It's great. It's short and sweet. So hopefully that makes it less strenuous on the eyeballs. Blind is about over here so I can feel the pain. I feel like all I do is listen to Morbid day in and day out. One could say I am obsessed. I'm obsessed with you. I'm obsessed with you Where? Obsessed with you. Hell yeah.


Lots of eye rolls for my husband when I shush him for trying to talk to me. When he gets home from work and I'm deep in an episode. Priorities. I'm triage that shit. Let's get in anyways. Let's get into it Starts sad, but don't worry, it gets better. Cool. When I was in fifth grade, my brother Kevin passed away from, is it glioblastoma? Yes. Oh, I'm so sorry. It's the most aggressive type of brain cancer. I was one of six kids and it was a tough year for all of us, especially my parents having lost a child. Oh, I can't imagine. No, we knew the holidays could be, would be particularly rough when it comes to Christmas. My mom loves wrangling as many of us to help decorate the house as she can. As you can imagine with six kids, we have all sorts of Christmas ornaments on the tree. Tree Wild. I know from school age, my favorite being my older, my older sister's.


Preschool ornament. That is literally just a piece of scotch tape on a string with a reasoning from it. Everything gets hung up. It's like the SN l that's so the SNL crisp back of the Christmas tree ski. Oh my God. Yes. My mother-in-law says that to us every Christmas. It's so funny. I'm obsessed with just the peach piece of scotch tape with the, you get arain hanging. Does that quote the back of the tree? That shit is right. That shit is so right. 'cause if my kids made that, I'd be like, let's put 'em on the tree. I love it. We have a lot of, and we have a lot of ornaments with our names on them, and we sc we scour the box to find our respective ornaments and hang them up. Yep. So one morning right around Christmas time, the year my brother passed away, my dad came to us and said, you'll never believe what happened last night. As a brief backstory, my brother absolutely loved the nineties karate movies.


Bruce Lee vibes. He sounds amazing. Watched them constantly, especially when he was sick and home all the time. It was a running joke in our family that those karate movies were always on. My dad said he was laying on the couch in the family room watching TV after we had all gone to bed and heard what he thought was the doorbell ring. He got up to check and no one was there before even making it to the couch. The TV in our living room. Yeah. Late 19, 1990s, early two thousands, we had two gigantic 9,000 pound box TVs Living Large clicked on and it was absolutely blasting a karate movie. Oh, that was him. Now this TV had channels one through 10. So basic. So basic. Shocked. It wasn't black and white.


And the movie was on a channel he saw on the main TV as being in the hundreds. Yeah. Like how? How? Yeah. He shut it off quick so as not to wake the rest of us up halfway back to the family room, it clicks on again. Full volume Blasting the karate movie. I love that. That what a badass sign to send to your family, to a karate movie. I know. I love that. I love it. He shut it off again and finally made it back to the couch and decided to have a little chat with my brother at that moment. Oh my God, my heart. He explained to him how hard it had been without him and how much everyone missed him. He asked my brother for a sign before he could even blink. Something fell from the Christmas tree. My dad got up and sure enough, a heart shaped orna. I'm gonna literally cry right now. A heart shaped ornament with my brother's name on it had fallen from the tree to the family room floor.


It gives me goosebumps just thinking about it. Believe what you will about this kind of spooky stuff. But in that moment, I think we all felt peace for the first time that year. No, I have actual goosebumps. Oh, bumps of the goose variety. Oh, like full. I figured a happy little go goose bumpy story. Yes. Would be a good palette cleanser, If you will. I seriously love you guys so much, and we love you and your family. We love you. Please continue to keep it wicked weird. Oh yes. Picture of the ornament included. Just for funsies. Oh my God, Katie. Oh wow. Oh my God. I just got chills all over it. Serious. Oh. Oh. And I wonder if they glued it back together. I know. It kind of looks like that actually, because it looks like there might be a little crack in it, but I can't tell if it's the light.


It didn't. But I think it is. But that is, that's him. The fact that me, that's not him. Fact, first the karate movie happened and then your dad was like, we miss you. And it's been hard. Like, can we have a sign? And immediately a his ornament and like, like Katie just said, there was six kids in that family. Yeah. All the, there's billions of ornaments. Yeah. All over. I mean, our tree is three kids and it's like a billion ornaments. I can't imagine six throughout the years in that age. No, for that one to fall. That's special. That's really, really special. That's special. That's a Christmas miracle mother fucking miracle. Oh, we love you guys. We love Christmas. We love 4th of July. We love floating. And you know we love floating. We love each other. Clearly we do.


Because we really dedicated ourselves to this. I love nails. You love nails. I love a manicure. So this was amazing. It was so much fun. Loved it. Can't wait to get out of this. Yes. Love you. Love you so much. Hate this. Can't wait to see you in something like this. Back at you. Do you want this? Yeah. Okay, cool. I do. Yeah, I do. Oh yeah. But yeah, so we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you find a severed foot while you're just trying to float and get a little buzz on on the 4th of July. And also keep it a little weird that you get this lighthearted ornament. That's a sign from your brother. And also he's playing karate movies in the background.


'cause that's fun. And there's some good karate's movies, especially friends from the eighties. Eighties. I love Karate's movies. Karate's movies forever. Also, grandma be in the Bogan. Keep it that weird because Boogins are weird and that's awesome. Send pizza to a crime scene, but only if someone requests you to do so and follow the fucking instructions. Also, ghostly Hanukkah parties. Sign me up. Let's go. Where's the lock keys? I love it. Keep it that weird. And we love you guys. Oh my God, I almost lit that on fire. Imagine. Oh my God. Good.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Lindsey Graham from the podcast, American History Tellers. And If you're still reeling from Ash and Elena's episode on the Boston Molasses disaster and you wanna dive even deeper, you are in luck. My show doesn't usually venture too far into the spooky or creepy, but we've dedicated two full episodes to uncovering fascinating details about this bizarre molasses catastrophe. From the company's negligence to the victim's harrowing stories, we explore how this strange event reshaped industrial safety laws and left an indelible mark on Boston's history and the Boston Molasses disaster is just one of many fascinating stories waiting For you on American history tellers. We take you to the events, the Times, and the people that shaped our nation and show you how our history affected them, their families, and affects you today. Follow American history tellers on the Wondery app or wherever you catch your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both American history tellers and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.