
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, weirdos. I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am. It's called Cava and it is Hands down the best thing that I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best. And it is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water, and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me, you know, vanilla and chai. I like to do half, half, boom, vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours, and then I know that I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body. First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended in and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid. I love Cava.


Have you heard the News Weirdos? The highly anticipated sequel to the breakout horror? Hit Smile is coming to theaters October 18th. That's right. Smile two is about to unleash a whole new level of twisted Terror If. you thought the first smile was terrifying. Usher did. Just wait until you see what's in store. This time around, the filmmakers are taking the story to new heights and they're doing it all on the big screen. Naomi Scott leads the cast as Global Pop Sensation Sky Riley, a character haunted by the pressures of fame and her own family's Dark Secrets. Skye's struggle to maintain her sanity in the face of escalating terror she's facing is sure to have you on the edge of your seat. Smile two is written and directed by Parker Finn, the talented filmmaker behind the first film, whose Unique Vision inspired a can't miss theatrical experience that was praised by critics and audiences and ashes alike. I'm obsessed with the First Smile movie. I am so, so excited that they are releasing a sequel. And I. Can't wait to see it because it actually looks even scarier than the first one. If that's even possible. Get ready for a chilling and pulse pounding experience as Smile two hits theaters on October 18th. I know I can't wait.


Hey weirdos, I'm Ash And. I'm Alina. And this Is Morbid. This Is Morbid Morbid in a late late morning. It's true. And it's a special Morbid because it's listener tale, which Means it's brought to you. BY you, For you, FROM you and all about you. I noticed a blister on my foot while I said that. Yeah, She made a weird face. It's, Do you see what's going on with my foot Right now? Yeah. You've got a lot going on. I could never sell Feet Pics.


Oh my God. Not that I wanna, Not that i'll, but not that I will. Don't careful Your Minds out of the gutter. Careful of that. I've been doing this for like all day And you kick it over daily. I know. I learned how to do little kicks, little kicks, little foot kicks. It's like when you're learning how to swim. Yeah. We have Ottomans, like we both have the same one, which you never use. You never use the footstool for your Foot. No, I use it as a desk for your feet. Yeah. Fuck that. I use my footstool from a feet cease. Lots of talk about feet today on the podcast. Yeah. But usually I tip mine over because I I rock It around. Yeah. It just kicks it over randomly at random time.


And It's very loud whenever I do it. A Elena always goes, ah, Because he usually knocks things over. It's big. It's true. It's a big deal. You know, it's something On me, But it's listener tale and she's gonna continue picking at her feet. I'm not Picking on my feet. There was something on my toe. God And yeah, it's listener tail. It's so stupid. I don't think we have a theme for this one. I think it's just like a mishmosh bosh Like Oshkosh Bosh. Exactly. But Mishmosh bash their Overall slate and so will this listener Tale. There you go. Let's start it off, Brother. Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay. Alright. It's Listener Tales.


I heard you like cat ghosts. I do I mean. Yeah. I Prefer the living cats, but if I, if all I can get is a ghost cat, then Yeah. And if I'm gonna get a ghost a cat might be kind of Cool. That's very true. I agree. Alright, let me open this bad Larry up. Alright, this is from Chris Chapman and they say yes, you can use my name or any other names in this story, but especially the pet names because they are asterisk. Amazing asterisk. Oh, I'm excited to hear your pet names. I'm excited too. Hey, Ash, Elena and the rest of the podcast crew, obviously I love you guys and your show. I love the way you add levity and humor to each case, the way that you tell us about the victims so that we can almost get to know them and the way you insult the villains that take them from this world too soon.


Thank You for appreciating that. Thank you. Also, y'all are snarky af and I'm here for it. Yeah, We're, I'm glad you're here for it. I appreciate you for taking the time to read this. Even if it doesn't make it to the show. It did. Well guess what, Chris, it's on the show. Chris, guess what Auntie Chris, it's me. Todd Cranes, and you're on the show. There you go. I have a lot of stories that I could share, but most of them are fairly traumatic. And I would much rather share one that might bring someone some comfort or make them smile. Although I have some stories about my dog befriending the ghost that lived in our apartment. This one is about a ghost cat. This is a pretty heartwarming story, but I'm getting ahead of myself. Ew. We want the other ones too. Yeah. For context, I said context.


So weird, didn't I? For context. Context, I am coming from the evangelical to witchcraft pipeline. Hello. Religious trauma. What a pipeline. That is A pipeline. I love it. And my, my mother and grandmother on her side have always been abusive. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm Sorry. And I'm no longer in contact with either of them. Good For. you Good. Their loss, however, this grandmother says she's a witch and has always said that I was as well. Ooh. And that we come from a long line of witches. She would say this was a, with a level of sincerity. She rarely ever showed anyone. And I've always taken this to heart. She's also a pathological liar. So although the words she said and the levity in which she said them were convincing, I always held these statements loosely.


I'm obsessed with your realness. You're just like, let's be honest though. She was a pathological liar. You're Liar. Like she was a real one, but also a pathological liar. My dad's mother, I call Nana and she is everything that is right in the world. Aw. There are no witches on her side of the family, but Nana and her house were always full of love. Aw Nana. I love that. Before I was born, she had adopted two kittens. One she named Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue after A song that was popular when she was young and the other Leroy Shut up. Leroy and Peggy Sue. Oh My gosh. Peggy Sue was a smart protective and sassy calico who would bite someone if they deserved it, such as being racist or homophobic. Good For Peggy. Sue.


Also, I think I know what song you're I I think I do too. Like Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue. Is that the, who is it by? I don't know. That's gonna bother me. It's not a Buddy Holly song. Could Be Oh. Oh, that's ghost. Ghost. Just playing outta play. Imagine that. Imagine that Ghost was just playing While we're talking about Ghost topical. Look at that. Oh it is, buddy Holly. What? Look at me. Everybody Check you out. I Only remembered that because my youngest us for a time when she was little would only be soothed by playing Buddy Holly songs. The especially the every day. It's Getting closer. Oh, she loved that. That was a banger. So, and if she had great music taste from the start.


So Peggy Sue, I love it Now. Leroy was not the brightest cat, but he was big and soft and full of love. And when I was a kid I would find him where he was napping and lay my head on his big stomach because if he were a pillow, if he minded me, he never let me know. And. I'm not sure he would have even known how to bite someone. Leroy was, and his spirit still is a big softie. I love Leroy. I love him forever. The fact that you could just lay on him like A pillow. You just said all. Oh, that's Leroy. Everybody pour one out for Leroy. Oh, truly. These cats lived happy and charmed lives having their every need and desire met until they died in their sleep peacefully at a very old age. I was 18 and Leroy was 19 when he died. Aw. And Peggy Sue lived to be about 21.


Wow. I was about 20 years old. Their deaths, their deaths were very hard for me. Not only because I loved them so much, but I had never known life without them. I know. That always makes me so sad. I know. That's how the girls felt with Bubba. Yeah, exactly. Although I knew it was naive even then. Some part of me had always thought that no matter what, I would always have Leroy and Peggy Sue. Something tells me you always will have Peggy Sue and Leroy. Yeah. And. I. Don't think that's naive. No, not at all. Fast forward about a decade and some change. My husband, our dog, And I buy a house. His, his full name is Ozzy Ps born a Ozzy Osborne. You Read that right? This is, I'm not, you guys are doing it right. Your whole family is doing pet names.


Right. Ozzy Osborn. Ozzy Osborne Forever. Oh my God. I love it. We named him after the iconic singer because he once snatched a wig right off my husband's grandmother's head and ran around their house with it. And if that's not the crazy train, don don't know what it's Yes. Ozzy mopes around the house, presumably missing the apartment ghost and doesn't act in any way like this nude to us. And yet very old house is haunted. We take this as a good sign and go on about our lives. Now is a good time to mention that I'm a chronically ill gurney. Aw, I'm sorry. And that I live in constant pain. I'm even, sorry. Yeah. I still work. And I muddle through. Okay. But about a year into the house and this pain has increased to nearly unbearable amounts.


Oh, I feel like my organs are, are being ripped apart and some days I can barely stand. Oh my God. I can't imagine. The pain gets worse and my doctor has no idea what to do with me. That's Awful. That's So scary too. I drink more water and some pain relieving tea and it helps, but never for long. I start going to to bed the moment I get home from work and feel the familiar weight of my dog snuggling beside me to give me comfort. My husband works nights and soon after he leaves, I feel a cat. Jump on the bed and lay right down next to my dog. Stop. We don't have a cat, but honestly at this point I'm so out of it. I don't even question it or open my eyes, but this feeling of love and comfort radiates over me. Oh my God. Is this Leroy?


I think it could be. I feel like it's Leroy. Don't look a gift horse or a gift cat in the mouth. Am I right? This begins to happen every night. Ozzy sometimes shuffles around to accommodate the cat making room for him again. We do not have a cat as my husband is very allergic. My first thought is that maybe there was a cat that had lived here before and some part of his energy is still about the house. But that doesn't seem quite right. I've often heard that it's unusual for animals to leave ghosts behind. Not to mention this cat feels familiar. Lero. I know it. I feel like It's Leroy. It's Leroy. After a few weeks of this, someone asks, asked me if I had a cat growing up and immediately I think of my sweet nana's sweetest cat. Leroy. Yes. I tell him thank you for visiting me. and he ignores me except for his big Texas cat body next to my legs or my abdomen.


Providing the warmth and comfort that no ordinary ghost can. That's so precious. I love it. It's such a different feeling. I Know. Eventually I find out that I need surgery. All the scar tissue in my abdomen and uterus is causing problems. Oh. And if left alone could become cancer, this should be terrifying. But at this point I just wanna be put out of my misery. I'm sorry. I have the surgery five scars and the surgeon notices something else. My bladder is covered in a cyst like tissue. This is an incredibly painful issue called interstitial cystitis. Alright, I'm gonna let Google say it because I am bad at saying it. Interstitial cystitis. Yeah. I think I might have been right.


You were right. All right, well I'm sorry that you found out you have that. It's not deadly, but it is a huge pain in the organs is what they wrote. Leroy and Ozzy comfort me every day of the three weeks that it takes me to heal. My husband does not see or sense Leroy at all. Even though he's off, he's taken off work to baby me while I recover. Once I'm healed up for surgery, I tell Leroy, thank you again. And I burn some catnip for his spirit to enjoy. Oh, that Was so sweet. My husband, somehow still a skeptic laughs at me, but then once the catnip is burned, something falls off a shelf in the room I had been in as if a cat had knocked it off. Wow. I haven't since Leroy again and Ozzy hasn't made any space for any ghost cats in a long time. But it's very comforting to know that I was right all those years ago when I thought I would never be without Leroy and Peggy Sue.


Aw, I'm sure she's been around a time or two giving me strength and sas. Somehow I just know that Leroy will be back. Should I need that comfort and warmth again. I may not be able to rest my head on his belly now, but should I need him, he will be back snuggling me and napping with Me. I'm obsessed with Leroy. I love, love It, love. Keep it weird and definitely keep it so weird that when your organs hurt, you are haunted by the cat of your childhood and that reminds you that you are not alone. And the spirit of love always continues. My God. The spirit of your cat from your childhood. I love it. That is beautiful. I Love it so much. And. I. Hope you're feeling a little bit better after your surgery. Damn. I seriously, I'm so sorry you had to go through all that, but Leroy knew that you needed like comfort.


Yeah. In that time. Like he was like, you're not feeling that great. And I. Got you. And when surgery came, he was like, I'll help you through This. And then you thanked him with catnip, which is beautiful. Yeah. and he knocked something off a shelf to show you that he appreciated It. And that's cats. And that's cats. Oh my God. And that's on Cats. There's Cats in the next listener tail too and they're so cute. Oh My god. There's more cats And there's dogs and There's Dohas. Oh my god. Dogs, cats and babies. Oh my god, I'm obsessed. He Gave us the trifecta of cute. Hold on, I'm putting this in a in a doc so I can read it because old as Magee over here, Old as Magee. My name is Old Eyes Magee, Old as Magee over here.


All right, so let us see. I'm making sure. Okay, I can use your name says, so this one is called, I was just gonna go right in and read it. I'm fucking wreck. Just raw dogging the tail. Just raw dogging the listener tail. This one is my aunt picked up a hitch hiding. Nope. My aunt picked up a hitchhiking murderer and didn't get Yed. A listener tale. That's a survivor story. I love that. I also love when you guys will put a very like dramatic story like headline and then you'll say a listener tale. It's always like a novel, you know? I like it. A true story you love it makes me laugh. Laugh. So it says, Hey, weirdos and crew.


My name is Sam and just let me give Y all your flowers. Thank you for making a safe, victim conscious podcast sprinkled with your beautiful voices, dark humor and spookiness. Thank you. Thanks. I started listening a few years ago and got my my man to start listening. I always love when that happens. I do too. Now we lovingly refer to you as the girls. I love that. I love it. We've bonded over y'all and often find ourselves saying, I think the girls covered this one when watching or listening to other true crime shows. Amazing. I love that. We're the girls like, that's it. I love it. Girls, if we're in the car, y'all are there with us. If I'm making dinner with my son, you're enthralling us both as he jumps along excitingly in his bouncer. Oh. So thank you for being an unintentional building block in our own spooky household.


You betcha. That just made me so happy. Thank you for allowing us to be like, damn. Also, your son is so fucking cute. I can't even handle it. He is. As a fellow paranormal magnet, I have many, many ghost stories, but I don't have many true crime stories. That's probably great. Yeah. That's probably a better thing. You know, I would rather have paranormal ghost stories than true crime stories like in my personal life. Yeah, same. Then one came to mind. It didn't happen to me, but to my great aunt, I asked her permission to share this, her story, but she requested her name and the name of the city not be mentioned. Just in case this guy gets out. I'll refer to her as auntie and the perp as the man. The man. I think that's a safe way to refer to them. This happened in a riverfront desert community on the border of California and Arizona on the Colorado River.


Auntie lived on the California side. Her backyard was literally the Colorado River and Arizona on the other side of the bank. That's wild. That is wild. Her house was on the outside of the town, normally took about 15 to 20 minutes just to drive back to the main highway that cuts right through the middle of town. Between her house and town, there's nothing but desert, irrigation canals and farmland. It's a very long hot walk back to town from where she's located. I would die in that scenario. Yeah. Just that don don't need true crime to happen in that scenario. I would just die from the weather. I just really hate being hot. Me too. I just really don't like it. Yeah. First my aunt, she was in her early sixties when this happened. A short, older, tanned Italian auntie who was always laughing loudly with her sisters and always sporting her gold rings.


Oh queen. Love her already. Auntie was leaving her house one day and saw a swarm of police cars at the end of her street at a local campground, but didn't think too much of it. As she headed down towards town, she saw a man walking down the road headed the same way she was driving. Here's our guy. Always the loving, empathetic human being she is. She pulled over, asked the man where he was headed and he said he was trying to get to the Arizona side so he could hitchhike to another town further north. And since it wasn't that far out of the way, she offered to give him a lift to that side of the river as she was headed in that direction. And at this point our, our Sam has three red flags on either side of ma'am And I.


Agree ma'am. Ma'am, her town was a common stopping place for Hitchhiker. So him telling her this wasn't too weird and he seemed pretty clean and normal. Something in the back of her mind kept telling her he it was to get a really good look at the man's face. So she made sure to memorize it and what he was wearing. Smart lady. Yeah. Auntie drove with the man in his backpack in the front seat no less, and she face, just face palm emoji over the river to an area hitchhiker's frequented so he could keep moving on. He told her his name, quote unquote. They chatted and it was an an uneventful ride. She crossed state lines, dropped him off, wished him luck and thought nothing of it. Insert SpongeBob narrator voice. I do know this one.


One day later. Wow. I know that I'm so impressed Because I love that narrator. She's a SpongeBob Gurley. Auntie's neighbor called her and told her she had missed all the excitement at the campground the day before. Confused. She asked what happened. Her neighbor told her that someone had murdered an elderly woman and her son who was in his fifties, and that the police were looking for a man fitting. You guessed it. The man's description. Damn Auntie in limitless horror called the police and told them that she had basically just helped this man cross state lines like damn imagine. Just being like, so I'm a nice person.


And I might've got this person at a dodge and didn't mean to. Hello? 9 1 1. I fucked up. Oops. She basically helped this man cross state lines and evade capture. She was terrified that she would be arrested for aiding a literal murder or escape custody, but thankfully she was not and gave the police all the information she had. The man was caught shortly after. Yes. She had to testify in court in front of him. Ooh. Oh, that's scary. Yeah, I don't like that. That they made her do that. My uncle, RIP. Aw. RIP. Your uncle, who was a prison guard turned bailiff accompanied her and sat right behind the man in court just in case he tried to attack my aunt. Wow. That's That. He was a real One. Yeah. He was like, I will fuck you up. He said, try something, Riot motherfucker.


He didn't and my uncle also avoided going to jail. Good. The man was tried, convicted, and will be eligible for parole in 2026. Oh, That gave him a goosebumps. I don't like that at all.


How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is probably more than you think. Over 74% of people have subscriptions that they've forgotten about. I definitely did. You remember the time I told you I had two freaking Netflix accounts? Who does that? Me. But thanks to Rocket Money, I'm no longer wasting money on the ones that I forgot about. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings with Rocket Money. I have full control over my subscriptions and a clear view of my expenses. I can see all my subscriptions in one place, and if I see something that I don't want, like a duplicate account, rocket Money can help me cancel it with a few taps. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending compared to last month, so I can clearly see my spending habits. Plus they'll help me create a custom budget and keep my spending on track and If. you know, anything about me. One of those things is that I really need help keeping my spending on track. So shout out to Rocket Money for that. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Morbid. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid. Rocket money.com/ Morbid.


Don, don't know about you, but I've got some bad habits I wanna shrug off. Heck, we all have bad habits that we're trying to shake off. Even though I'm not doing, you know, any shady stuff. Like some of the people we talk about on the podcast, it's always good to make a move toward good habits. Let me tell you about this new alternative to smoking and vaping called Flavored Air. Our sponsor Fume has created an award-winning flavor air device that helps people ditch that bad habit of smoking or vaping. It was founded on this idea that if we stick to good habits, making a change feels easier and less pressurized. Fume has a lot of delicious flavors to choose from, like Crisp, Fain, orange vanilla, and new peach blush. I like the orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics, no vapor, and no combustion. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. It's non-toxic flavors. It's a guilt-free alternative and plus it's got no batteries, so you never even need to charge it. It's just flavored air and it's good. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time use MyCode Morbid to get a free gift with your Journey pack head to try fume.com. That's try fum.com and use Code Morbid to get a free gift with your order today.


He could have easily overtaken my sweet cancer ass kicking motorcycle riding jet ski riding, pontoon driving on If. you wanted to. She's she's a Bad's, the baddest bitch. I'm obsessed. I wanna hang out with her. Same like, fuck. Let's go on a pontoon boat. Hello. Let's go. He could have stolen her jewelry and hurt or killed her. That is very true. She thinks the angels in her backseat for watching over her and keeping her safe also for the voice in her head, telling her to memorize everything about this man so she could help law enforcement. Yeah. Thank goodness she did, because Intuition. Yeah. Let's walk through the red flag. Shall we red flag one picking up a stranger in the middle of nowhere.


That's it. That's the red flag. The whole flag. We're grateful she came out unscathed and now endures eternal. What the fuck were you thinking? Comments from our family to this day? Bonus story, auntie And, I were on the phone one day and she stopped me saying, hold on a second. Sammy And. I could hear her talking to someone in the background about motorcycles and rides. She's taken over the years. She's been all over the US and Canada on her bike with my uncle. She absolutely had her own bike. She was not about to sit bitch to anyone Obsessed, and she Loved every second of it. So I sat and waited. Eve's dropping bits and pieces amongst her, laughing and asking questions. Almost 10 minutes later she comes back and says, sorry, babe, I had to talk to this guy at the stop sign.


I asked her why she hadn't learned her lesson from her helping Avic escape her response. Sammy, he's riding a beautiful bike and he's got one arm. How could I not talk to him? Hey, you know what? fair enough. Fair. So fair. And that sums up my beautiful aunt in a nutshell. Wilds big hearted and wants to talk to everyone. Trait that runs in the family that I did not and inherit. I won't apologize for the length. I know you won't let me. No. I'll attach a news link to the crime for y'all to see also, including pictures of my fur babies of my actual human baby boy who we tried for, for over two years and is The. best thing I ever did. Amazing. Hell yeah. If, you like some tar paranormal stories? I don. I'm happy to oblige.


I'm also a tarot reader. If y'all ever want a free reading, For you and your team, oh my God. Please don't hesitate to let me know. Thank you. No charge, no strings. I just love to offer my services. You're a beautiful person. That's so sweet. Thanks for all you do for keeping me company on many drives, being in my ears while cooking dinners and bonding my man And I even more. Oh, this like really made my day. Keep it weird. You beautiful audio sirens. Wow. That's the first time we've gotten that one. And. I Like It. Love that. But not so weird that you pick up a hitchhiking murder in the middle of the desert. Help him evade. Capture over state lines and then turn yourself in as an unwilling wheel woman. Much love and all the admiration in the world, Sam. Oh my God, I love, oh, I love that.


One of your, your fur babies is named Luna Marie Lovegood. Oh, I love that. I love that. I also love Cleopatra Celine. Ooh, Bellatrix Lavoe. Yes. Oh, Bellatrix Lavoe. That's sick. Snitch Lee Cornelius. Wow. I'm obsessed. And Aria. Aria amazing. And Aria, Oh my God. And named after Ion Game of Thrones. I knew it. That's awesome. Oh, and I'm so, I'm so sad that you lost her. I'm sorry. Oh, but man, thank you for sharing them with us because what beautiful fur babies and real babies you have. Well, I can't, well, your fa is gorge. I was just gonna say, what a gorgeous fam. Truly. Oh, I love Listener Tales. Oh, you know, baby, I just, oh, he's so cute.


He's so cute. I can't even, he has the cutest little smile. You just wanna boop his little nose and squeeZ up cheeks. I love Listener Tales. They make me so happy. I know. 'cause I love the pics. Yeah. All right. The next one is Listener Tail. The story of how I met my children before they were born. I love this already. Let me see. Hold on. I just gotta scroll to open this up. Hello, weirdos. My name is Amanda. Yes. You can use my name. You can also use the other names used in this story. I learned about Morbid through my coworker Kirsten, who is one of the coolest people I know and has excellent taste in podcasts. Oh yeah. And she has suggested a few to me, but Morbid is where it's at. Yeah. Thank you. She suggested, I listened to the episode where you talked about Lucid dreaming and the girl remembered a clock tower.


Yes. I'm obsessed with That. That story is fucking wild. I think Listener Tale 85 Listener Tales are my favorite. Yay. Truth be told, I skip over the other episodes and circle back around to them later. However, your banter with each other is what keeps me coming back. Ugh. You two are great. Thanks. Thanks so much. Thank you for what you do and making my day better. When I need a mood boost, I'll put on an uplifting podcast about murdering gore. Alright. And we, we re Listener Tales to make our day better. Exactly. Okay. Let's get into this. It may seem to skip a bit, but it will all make sense in the end. A short story before I get to the meet and put titles, trust me, it's a WTF story that does connect to the other. I met my husband in Southern California after leaving my first husband in Florida.


I moved to be near my dad and stepmom. I was 22 with a 2-year-old and quickly making friends along with a social life. He was military as my ex. I had a flavor, what can I say? And so I would go and party with friends on post. I met this guy and we started talking and hanging out quite often. He left for two weeks to go visit family. It wasn't too serious at that point, so I didn't really question the where he got back a week later and we were again at a party. It was about 2:00 AM and we were drinking. He looked at me super serious and said, Hey, you should call your mom. Whoa. Now I'm thinking, dude, I am not going to marry you. You do not need to talk to my parents. So I said, no, it's 2:00 AM and she's probably sleeping or something, and he said, no, you should call her.


It'll be great. Wow. He says this with the most charming smile. Yeah, that worked. Fuck. So I call my mom, and who knew? She answered. She was out and about partying with her friends. She's loving the single life, and she's recently broken up with her boyfriend of two years. Good for her. She asked if I was okay and if something was wrong. My slightly drunk self said, nah, I'm just here with my friends and this guy wanted me to call you. We chatted for a few minutes catching up and he said, Hey, let me talk to your mom, and I'm thinking, no, no, no. Oh, hell no. This is not happening. We'd only been talking for a few months. Hell no. I told him laughing, oh, come on. It'll be hilarious. Ugh. Again, I gave in, I'm not sure if it was the alcohol or the charm, but he got on the phone.


Hi Rose. Were his first words. Now, I had never told this guy about my family or my mom or even her name. I don't like that. I don't like that either. I quickly fell out of the chair at the table, backed into a corner and yelled, who the fuck are you? What the fuck is going on? Yeah. That's what I would do. He's laughing and talking to my mom like they were old, great friends. I was so lost. He eventually gave the phone back to me laughing, mom, what the fuck is going on? She's cracking up on the other end of the phone and said, I'll talk to you in the morning, honey. Have a fun night. I'd be like, no, no, no. Someone's gonna tell me what's going on. You need to tell me Rodney now. So turns out when he went to to visit his family in northern Nevada, he was showing his dad some of the people he was meeting in Southern California, and his dad said, hold on, go back to that one.


It was a picture of me. He got up, went to his room, got into his closet, and pulled out a large picture and brought it back with him. It was a picture of myself and my mom from a few years back. Turns out that his dad was none other than the guy my mom had recently broken up with. Stop. They were together while I lived in Florida with my first husband. I had never met him. I'd never even seen what he looked like. She had mentioned that he had a son that was going into the military, but that was the extent of it. I am now dating my, almost was a stepbrother boyfriend. What is going on here? I guess that our families were always meant to be connected. Yeah. Apparently, because I ended up pregnant shortly after this incident happened.


Let me tell you how awkward our wedding was. Well, now that's amazing. That's incredible. Now that all that has finally been said, let's get to the reason why you're reading this, my kids. Okay, so it was the spring of 2006. And. I was four months pregnant with my second child. My oldest, who is now three years old at this time, would tell me that a fireman would come to his room sometimes through his window. That's delightful. Kids scare the shit outta me. One morning I went to wake him up and found his glass light fixture on the floor. You know the ones that look like a lit up boob when it's on, and the one, the one with the glass dome with a screw in the middle. Yep. It was sitting on the floor with the screw in the bowl side of the glass. If it fell down, wouldn't the screw bounce off somewhere?


You'd think. I thought that was very strange. But the three year-old totally believed. The firemen did it, so it was okay. A few weeks later, I was cleaning my kitchen. And I leaned my room against the counter to get the dustpan in the other room. And I came back to my broom being three feet away from the counter, literally standing up on the bristles alone. What that would, I just got chills. Yeah, that would freak me out. I took a video of it on my old ass camera, but it's been lost over time. Anyway, a few weird things happened. And I started to get suspicious that this place might be haunted, but meh. I was too tired and too pregnant to care at this point. I heard that my boyfriend had to go away on business trips for a few days, and while he was gone, my son got to sleep with me in our big bed one night while we were sleeping.


It was a full moon, so a little light was shining through my window. In the middle of the night, I was facing the wall while my son slept behind me on the other side of the bed. I woke up to this feeling of being stared at. I slowly opened my eyes and saw my son standing next to my bed with his little arm on my nightstand and his hand propping up his head, just chilling, looking at me in a soft, loving gaze. He did not take his eyes off of me. He had shaggy dirty blonde hair and was wearing what looked like an oversized baby blue T-shirt that almost reached his knees. Finally, I became aware enough, but not close to fully awake to realize that my kid was up in the middle of the night. I said, Hey, Spud, what are you doing up? Why don't you come back and lay down? As I was about to say, down, I patted the bed behind me as a motion for him to come over here only to realize that my son was sleeping soundly in the bed under the covers.


Huh? I patted him a few times to make sure that it was really him. It was. As I realized this, I turned back toward the side of the bed to see this other child gone. This was not my son. Oh my. My son has dark brown hair and was wearing red and black pajamas that were pants and a shirt, not a baby blue oversized T-shirt. I was shook it to say the least. My pregnant ass did not sleep the rest of the night. Damn. Not much happened after all. That all was normal. My son was born a few, A few months later, we were car shopping. And I apparently went into labor. I didn't wanna go on a test drive because I was feeling off. Needless to say, my boyfriend had to cut his bun short and take me to the hospital. Oops. Four hours later, nine and a half pounds of bouncing baby boy was in my arms.


Fast forward three years and my now 3-year-old is hanging out in the kitchen with me, talking, helping me make dinner. I walked back to where he was. After retrieving a dish from the cabinet and frozen my tracks. I dropped the dish to the ground and said, it's you in total. In utter shock. He stared at me like I had gone crazy, but just smiled at me. I was staring at my 3-year-old son. He was in an oversized blue T-shirt of his older brothers. He had the shaggy blonde hair and was the spitting image of the little boy that came to visit me. What? That night, a few years back, my son came. My son came to see me Before he was born. I walked over to him and gave him the biggest hug with tears in my eyes.


Fast forward one year and his dad, And I ended up pregnant again. However, I lost this little angel at about 12 weeks. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It was the most horrific thing I had ever experienced. And I would not wish it upon my worst enemy. Me either. We ended up divorcing. In 2010, And I ended up a single mom of two boys. We were doing great and thriving, just the three of us. In 2012, we went on vacation. Venice Beach in California, And I randomly went to see a psychic just for fun. I had never done that before and it was 20 books, so why the hell not? What's the worst that could happen? She told me that I would have three children. Now, at this point, I am very single and do not plan on having any more children. My first was 10 pounds and my second was almost as much. Damn. I was not gonna put my body through that nonsense again.


My boys were also six and 10 at this point. I explained that I miscarried a few years back and could that be what she was talking about? She said, oh no. You will have three children. I was like, great. I really wanted to hear something that was realistic. What a waste of money. Hmm. Fast forward again, four years in 2016. I know we time traveling here. I reconnected with my now boyfriend after about six years of it being just me and my two boys. I never thought much about having more kids. He And, I have been together for eight long years now. At this time. We dated in high school before my first husband, who was my boyfriend my senior year. Oh wow. I love that. Two years into this relationship, I began having dreams about twin girls. This was, I guess what you would call a lucid dream.


The very first dream. I was pregnant with them, very pregnant. I knew I had two girls in my belly. It was interesting to have the sensation as I had not been pregnant for 10 years. I woke up and told my boyfriend about this dream and he just laughed. I did too. That would be fucking crazy. My oldest is 16 and almost the age I was when I had him. Hell to the fucking nose. A few weeks later, I had another dream. This time, these same two girls were in my arms in the delivery room, wrapped in their tiny little blankets and beanies. I had just given birth to two twin girls. Oh, I loved them. I cried with joy and woke up crying with the remnants of feelings for my dream. I told my boyfriend and he thought it was cool that I had another dream, but we still didn't think having more kids would be a great thing at our age.


We were both in our late thirties at this point, so we just laughed it off and went on with our day and 2018, I fucking ended up pregnant. I almost died of shock. Oh my God. I almost murdered him. LOL. I'm too old for this shit. I was going to school full time, working 12 hour days, had my two boys, plus his 17-year-old daughter in the house. What the fuck were we thinking? My personal beliefs and abortion were to not have one, and so here we were, late thirties and fucking pregnant. Fun fact. Did you know that if you're 35 or older? Oh yeah. It's considered a geriatric pregnancy. So nice. What a make. What a way to make a woman feel good about herself, eh? Get this girl a walker. Yeah. It's like, fuck that. It's such a shit thing to say. A geriatric pregnancy together.


We had eight children at this time from our previous relationships. Wow. Seven boys and one girl. Wow. Age ranging from 17 to six. Oh my God. I told my boyfriend, if this was going to be another boy, I would murder him. If I'm gonna go through this it a damn well, better be a girl. I, of course would've loved it either way, but Jesus another boy, LOLI continued to have these dreams. The next one was the two girls, about three months old laying on the ground next to each other, matching onesies and shorts, sensory toys all around them while I was on my belly playing with them. They were always simple dreams, but I always felt so much love in them being of granny age apparently and having this so-called geriatric pregnancy. We got to find out what we were having quite early.


I was at work and got the call to tell me what we were having. I walked outside and video called my boyfriend. It's a girl. He dropped to the phone and started to cry. I'm sure it was because he knew he did good and would live and would live another day. A girl shit. Is it twins. Slight panic started to set in with the excitement of having a girl. His daughter had only lived with us for a few months at this point, so the idea of being a girl mom was still new to me. The next dream I had was the two girls at the point where they were learning to walk about nine months or so. This is wild. They were standing and falling on their bottoms multiple times, laughing, smiling. I felt my heart swell with such pride In this moment in my dream, my girls only this time, this dream was different. I learned their names, autumn and Olivia.


Oh, I love those things. I know those are really pretty. Autumn had the light, lighter, dirty, blonde hair, and Olivia had light brown hair. They were playing with their toys and having the best time. I had such joy and pride in my heart that I never wanted to wake up. Oh my God. You're like such a mom. I love it. I know. The next dream was when they were about two years old. They were getting ready for bed. And. I was tucking them in for the night and their cute little pink and white pajamas tucked in together. I sat and watched them cuddle with each other as they fell asleep. The last dream I still think about to this day because it was the last dream I had of them together. The two girls were about five years old at this point. Their hair was close to waist length and curly, identical length, just different shades. Dark blonde, light brown.


They both wore what looked like Easter dresses or something you would wear to church. We were walking along a path in a park. I only saw the back of them in this dream, which I thought was weird, but it was still so beautiful. There was freshly cut grass to the left and large, developed trees to the right, large enough to provide scattered shading for the path. Autumn and Olivia were walking in front of me, holding each other's hands and talking about whatever 5-year-old sisters talk about. They were happy and seemed excited for something. We were going somewhere. I didn't wanna leave this moment, but alas, the alarm clock called and it was time to get up for work. Oh my God. This is like beautiful. It is. The next week I had my daughter. Beautiful. Nine pound Olivia Rain. Oh. Oh. That's such a pretty name. I love it, but this is not where the story ends.


Oh, no. Onto the next chapter. Insert creepy page. Turning. Now, I have experienced many different happenings over time. My family's so used to weird shit happening that when it does, we don't think much of it, but that's for another tale.


Let's face it. After a night with drinks, you don't bounce back the next day like you used to. And I don't either. You have to make a choice. Either have a great night or a great next day. That's what I thought until I heard about Z biotics. Pre-Cool. Their prebiotic was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking. Here's how it works. When you drink, alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut. It's this byproduct, not dehydration. That's to blame for your rough. Next day. Pre-cool produces an enzyme to break this byproduct down. This is a proactive solution that wards off feeling miserable the next day. Instead of a reactive approach like drinking electrolytes or eating greasy food, which I used to do, I kept hearing about pre-cool and wondered what it was actually like and now that I've tried it, I believe the hype and with their GMO technology, they will release different products that help address toxic byproducts of modern living in the gut. Go to z biotics.com/ Morbid to learn more and get 15% off your first order. When you use Morbid at checkout z biotics is backed with a hundred percent money back guarantee. So if you're unsatisfied for any reason, they'll refund your money, no questions asked. Remember to head to z.com/ Morbid and use the code Morbid at checkout for 15% off. Thank you Biotics for sponsoring this episode and our good times.


This episode is brought to you by FXs American Sports Story. Erin Hernandez from executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture, FXs, American sports story. Aaron Hernandez, all new Tuesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


Ever since my daughter has been born, there has been peculiar happening specifically to her. We have cameras in her room and a baby monitor because yes, I am extra with her safety. I feel that One night when she was about two years old, we heard her on the monitor, but then there was another voice. She was being disturbed and began to whine. Then you hear a, yeah, that sounds slightly frustrated, and then she says, no. Oh, Another time she's dead asleep and then you hear, get up in the same voice. Her leg has been pulled so hard that her bo, her whole body has been moved multiple times and orbs are a regular occurrence. I will throw fucking hands with this. I will too. Whoever the fuck's doing this, the Fuck all of this is captured on video along with a weird dude dressed in 70 style cord corduroy and a very colorful silk shirt.


Fuck that. I think he's a jokester. A weird shadow lady that likes to stalk my boyfriend when he sleeps and my precious cat Luna that we had to put down two weeks before Olivia was born. These are our resident ghosts. We now have a child ghost because these voices are of a child, a young child. What I've attached the videos For you to see and are welcome to share the audio If you wish. Bitch, I've never run so fast to these videos. At the end of the day, I like to believe that Autum is here. God help us with a teenage daughter and a teenage ghost daughter. If that's the case, I would also like to believe that autumn is the baby I lost all those years ago and that she's with me in this way. And finally, I would like to believe that I had those dreams because they were of her bringing Olivia to me.


I got to experience being Autumn's mother and experience all those joyful milestones even in a dream. I Love that. I have also attached pictures of my beautiful children because I'm completely biased. And, I, think they're the most gorgeous creatures on the planet and my cat, Luna, who still comes to visit occasionally. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I know that there will be a slew of people who would shit their pants. If this story was read, I will be sure to have extra pants ready just in case. Oh my God, Amanda. Oh My God. What a story. And we have the video. My God, your kids are so cute. My trifecta of perfection. She put on one of the posts. I love it. Oh, okay. I got it. It's somebody saying, get up, Get up.


Well, that's fucking spooky. That's so creepy. Damn. That's wild. That's a crazy story. It was also like so beautiful That I, that gave me all the emotions. It really did. Every bit of them. I Really hope the ghost child is autumn. 'cause otherwise I'm scared. I know. 'cause otherwise I'm like, who is that? Exactly. Because I was ready to like throw hands, so Yeah, me too. Sorry, I won't throw hands. Autumn. No, Definitely not. But like I thought it was somebody bugging your kid's Like let's go. Yeah, exactly. Your kids are also so Adorable. They really are. All right, let's see. Let us see. Let's see. I really want to do this one that says resubmission of my listener tale because oh my God, I forgot.


I'm a direct descendant of the last woman on trial for witchcraft in Virginia. I really Think that was put in there specifically. For you. Yeah. I'm just like, excuse me. Well, Well let's see. It says, I'm resubmitting my listener tale the time I found out the identity of the ghosts who had nightly play dates with my 2-year-old son because how could I forget? Ghosting kids is The theme. I was just gonna say, we have a theme. I'm a direct descendant of Grace Sherwood, the witch of Pungo, who was the last woman who was put on trout for witchcraft. Ooh. My many times. Great-grandmother was the last woman in Virginia to be put on trial and convicted of witchcraft. She faced trial by water and placed in water to see if she would float, which of course she did because duh.


So the sheriff tied a 13 pound Bible around her neck and threw her back in the water. Oh my God. She was able to untie herself because she's a badass. She was imprisoned and once released, returned to her farm where she lived until her death at 80 years old. Here now stands a statue of grace in the middle of Virginia Beach, Virginia. What If you look into her. She may be a perf. I was just gonna say, you might have just given us a perfect story. And I will absolutely give you credit and It's literally almost spooky season. Yeah, clearly. I come from a long line of spooky witches. Hell yeah. So at any rate, here's my 14 point font PFA tale of the time. I found out the identity of the ghost who was having nightly play dates with my 2-year-old son. Damn. Stay Spooky ladies.


We will. Let's see You. You stay spooky. Hey Ash and Elena. My name is Cindy and you can use my name. I'm originally from California, but left when I was in my twenties and have lived in several other places as an adult. It will make sense why I mentioned this. I promise. I found your podcast late last year and was instantly hooked because your interactions and banter remind me of my best cousin, friend, cousin slash best friend Stephanie back in California. I love you bitches because you never failed to either have me crying, laughing, or yelling. Hell yeah. The way you tell difficult stories in a way that honors the victims and tell it like it is. You fucking ass hat For you rap bastard who murdered them is epic. Thank you. I love that. I'm a big fan and have found comfort in listening to your podcast from time to time.


Okay. All freaking time. I currently live in the south us and part-time in France, the country, but my husband with my husband, no, I can't speak French. Those two years of French in high school have done nothing to help me communicate here. So I spend most of my time listening to your podcast while learning a bit of French on the side because priorities, am I right? I've always loved stories related to ghosts and haunted places, and eagerly sign up for ghost tours in old cities. Same. I've never had a personal ghost encounter until I was in my late twenties when my friend Alyssa, not her real name, And I, were in Phoenix, Arizona for a girls weekend. There I had a face-to-face encounter in the middle of the night in our hotel room with little glowing, curly blonde-headed girl who was staring at me from behind the curtain.


She had pulled slightly back with her little glow stick hand. Ugh. This freaked me the FFA out, so I forced myself to blink a couple times just to be sure I wasn't dreaming. Nope. Glow stick was still staring at me. I turned to look at Alyssa's bed and whispered her name in a shaky voice. The room was dark except for the glow of Ghostie girl, which provided enough light for me to seal Alyssa in her bed, and she, the covers up over her head where I heard her muffled voice say, I know something is here, but I'm not taking the covers from my over my face. Oh, cool, cool, cool. No worries. I thought I'll just chill out over here with glow stick girl literal inches from my bed. As I slowly turned my head back towards the window, I was 100% sure this little glow shit would be right by my bed.


With the smile, smile on her face. I'm happy to report she was gone, but I digress. I love this little glow shit. Now, before I delve into the story of the time, I found out the identity of the ghost who was having nightly play dates with my 2-year-old son. Let me give you a little background. I adopted my son from Russia. Wow, you're amazing. That is incredible. When he was just under two years old, talk about a wild tale, but that is another story. For another time, we lived in New Hampshire, then about 40 minutes north of Boston. And I. Loved, loved, loved New England. I should mention, our house was brand new, so while I understood the entire region offers homes that come with a ghost or two or 10, I didn't expect to have any ghostly encounters. One and done.


I'll take my doses of ghosts in the form of movies and stories. I'll pass on the interactive in person in Ghost. A no show. Thank you very much. Anyw, who, when he first came home, my son of course being two and from Russia didn't have many words he could say, but he was the happiest little guy. He was always smiling and babbling happily as he played with his toys in the living room or zipping around after our dog. He also loved Thomas the tank engine. That theme song is etched in my brain and still gives me the eye twitch when I hear it, and ran at lightning speed for morning until night after he had been home for almost a year. He was able to say many words, inclu English words, including the names of family and his favorite toy, an elephant stuffy called Horton.


Oh, that's adorable. One night after putting him in his crib, I kissed my son's forehead, tucked him in, walked out of his room and closed the door. As I started to walk away, I heard him begin to babble. I thought it was strange because he hadn't babbled for quite some time, but he sounded happy, so I didn't think much of it and went back downstairs. This became a nightly thing, and very quickly I noticed he started to pause in the middle of the babbling, almost like he was having a conversation with someone. He would babble pause for a bit and then start babbling again. As if in response, this sequence ha sequence happened for several months. The first time I heard this pause, I felt the th flunk in my chest because it The warm? Yeah, the warm, Because it really seemed like he was a interacting with someone.


My already overactive imagination went into overdrive because I've seen horror movies. I was absolutely sure there. There was a crazed lunatic with a red balloon hiding in my son's closet and came out soon after I closed the door. I listened intently at the door door, but didn't hear anyone else in the room, so I calmed my ass down, chalked it up to him playing with Horton and El said myself down the stairs to just let it go. That's a mom. Yep. Now, as I mentioned, this became a nightly thing. And I came to embrace it. It was calming to hear how content he sounded, because let's face it though, first, almost two years of his life were extremely difficult and un unimaginable, and to be perfectly honest, a shit show. He never asked to be dealt the shitty hand of cards.


He had been dealt at the beginning of his life and but now he was thriving and happy and content, and that's all that mattered. Oh, you're a good mom. You are. One night. However, something about the babbling changed. It was different That night after I kissed my son goodnight, covered him with his blanket and made sure Horton was tucked sha securely in the crook of his arm. I left the room. I waited outside his door for his nightly babble s to begin. Within a few seconds, he began the babble, but as I mentioned, it was different. It sounded like he greeted someone who came into the room, paused for a few seconds mixed with rustling noises, and then he started to giggle hysterically like babies and toddlers do when they're interacting with someone they're playing with. The exchange went on like this for several minutes. As I stood outside his door, my ear plastered to the wooden panels and my eyes the size of saucers with the babbling ses, continuing in the strange cadence sprinkled with the rustling, I could feel all the color run from my face as my chest went thk, thk, just, just like the law and order sound now sensible me knew there was no one in the room with him, but overactive imagination me was fighting for control of the situation.


In a move, bitch, get out the way kind of way. I put my hand on the knob, and as I started to turn it, the room suddenly became silent. I peeked my head around the door and couldn't see anything outta the ordinary. That's horrific. My son was sitting at his crib with his legs crossed, smiling directly ahead of him at his eye level. Yeah. Okay. That was creepy as fuck. Hearing me. He turned his head to the door and greeted me in the same manner I had heard. A few minutes prior Shutter swamp, he stood up with Horton still in his tiny little death grip. I picked him up to give him a few more snuggles and kisses, allowing ample time for my eyes to scan every inch of the room before putting him back in his crib for the night. For the second time that night, I closed the door and stood there ear plastered to the wooden panels for what felt like five business days listening intently, but it was completely silent and remained so for the next several days.


About a week later, we were in the kitchen and my son started crying, which was not like him at all. I picked him up and asked him what was wrong, though through his tears, he said, want grandpa? So I thought he missed his grandpa. It was strange because he didn't use the word grandpa, rather, my son called his grandpa PopPop, but I thought maybe he had heard the word used on Thomas the Tank and hey, that he must be absolutely brilliant to make that connection, but oh, no, contraire mon Frere. He hadn't heard it on the show, and little did I know what I was in store for, what was in store for me. Also, look at me over here speaking French. Woo. So we got him on the phone with pop Pop, and this was not what he wanted.


Oh, no, he did. He did happily speak with PopPop for a bit, but when we were off the phone, he started crying again for grandpa. I thought perhaps he actually wasn't saying grandpa at all and was really wanting something else. For days, my son would endlessly cry for grandpa. Oh, And. I would endlessly try to give him anything. I thought he meant son crying. Grandpa, here's sweetie. Here's a graham cracker. Not it son, grandpa. Here's Grover. Nope, son, grandpa. Here's a YouTube video for us to learn the Gangnam style dance. You're like, Alexa, that just, that Just conjured a furrow brow and a toddler side eye. Not a weeks went by for with my son crying for grandpa and me having absolutely no idea what he was talking about.


Then one day, we were in the seldom used formal living room. My son stopped to look at a table where I had a collection of framed family photos. Suddenly his face lit up. He pointed and exclaimed grandpa. Of course, there was a photo of PopPop, so I pointed and says, yes, that's grandpa. My son looked at me with an expression that clearly demonstrated I knew ex absolutely nothing. John Snow pushing my hand aside and excitedly pointed out a photo way in the back at the table saying, grandpa, ladies, when I tell you my soul yed the F right outta my body, that doesn't even begin to fully explain what I was feeling in that moment for my son was pointing at a picture of my father who had passed away suddenly 17 years prior at just 40 or two years old.


Oh, My whole body just warmed, Chilling up and down my fucking body right Now. Holy Shit. Only this photo was not of my father at grandpa age, of course, or even middle aged dad age from 17 years prior. Oh, no, no, no. Not even a little bit. No. This photo was from my dad when he was about six years old. Oh my God. Exactly. Shout out to Ash. I love the way you say it. And. I have now started to pronounce that T, and it makes me feel regal as fuck. That's the Thing, If, you get it. It's regal, baby. It makes me feel regal as fuck. Exactly. But in that moment, I was hit with a full understanding of what had been going on nightly in my son's room.


The ghost of my deceased father's 6-year-old former self, had been coming into my son's room to play with him at night. Are you crying? I'm about to cry. I I heard a lump in your throat. I suddenly felt relief that it wasn't a red balloon. Yielding, psychopath, all, all along, mixed with happiness, that my son was able to interact with the grandpa he never met. Ooh. Mixed with a sudden urge to laugh hysterically at the thought of a 2-year-old calling, a 6-year-old grandpa. I Smiled at my son pointed at the picture. He was now holding in a death grip. Horton was on the floor at his feet and said, grandpa and my son smiled broadly and said, grandpa, oh My God. He placed the picture back on the table, but in the front this time from now on, he would walk by it often stop, look at it, and then walk away.


My son never had any late night babbling SES again, and he never cried for grandpa. More than a decade and a half later. He has now lost the memory of that time, but loves when I tell him the story because he's a ghost loving weirdo like his mom. I'm literally gonna cry during the freaking awful Russian adoption process, and when my son was first home, I often wondered to my family what my dad would think of his Russian grandson. My dad was in the Air Force and used to intercept Russian Morse code messages. Oh, wow. After this moment, I knew he was thrilled. He was able to meet and play with this awesome little kiddo. I was a bit sad that the visits stopped, but was glad they did have some sort of bonding time, however ghostly it was. Wow.


I thank you. If you're still reading and If, you read it on Listener Tales, I'll absolutely pee my pants. Feel free to shorten it as needed. Nope. Won't do it. Never. I've attached the photo of my 6-year-old dad, a photo of my little cherub, then in one of us now as well as, because, oh, a picture of our best boy Teddy, a purebred golden recruiter. Oh, that's no typo. You read that, right? He's afraid of everything. I love that. He's not a retriever. He's a retreat. I love it. I will continue to be a faithful listener to the podcast, and I'm waiting impatiently for your second book to come out. Elena, it's coming. It's coming so soon. It's coming, and congratulations on your wedding, Ash. Thank you. I love you ladies, and remember to keep it weird and take it away. Ash. I think you should keep it so weird that the ghost of your father visits your new son as a fucking 6-year-old.


Yes. A six. Keep it so weird that your 6-year-old grandpa in ghostly form. Yes, yes. I love it. It so much. All the pictures you sent are so beautiful. That Story made me so happy. Your dog is beautiful. Oh my God. Look how Adorable your son is And the picture now, the dad, oh my God. A little gun in his holster, like a little Stop And I. Just love that. That's like, he's like, that's grandpa. Oh my God. I love it. And Clearly that is grandpa. Also, Can we just have a moment for your built-ins, because I'm obsessed. I'm really into built-ins lately. Oh My God. The picture of you holding your son when he was little. I know. Like you love him so much. And I. Love that so much. Wow.


Families are so beautiful. I love That you gave this little boy such a good Home. I know. That's so lovely. All right. I think we've got time for one more. I think so. Let's see here.


The new Hulu original docuseries from DPLs Brothers Productions Out there, crimes of the Paranormal dives into eight unsolved true crime cases with shocking links to the paranormal world. As each case unravels and unsettling, truth emerges, the pull of the supernatural is powerful, but sometimes real monsters walk among us the perfect watch for every fan of true crime. All episodes of out there crimes of the paranormal are now streaming only on Hulu


Listener tale. That time I robbed a man with my grandpa, whoops. Or my grandma, sorry. Whoops. Whoops. Hi, Ash Elena and the whole Morbid crew. I'm Hannah, attached as a 14 double spaced pfa. Feel free to use my name and all others in my story. I've sent a couple others before Appalachian encrypted college witchcraft and attempted murder, and have tons of more stories I could send. This is by far the funniest of my tales and could be a good palette cleanser. Love that. I love you ladies. And I have been listening for about a year. I used to listen on 1.2 times speed, since my brain requires information at a mind-boggling pace, but I was running out of episodes too quickly. And I switched to one time Speed You. You gotta slow it down. How much I love you, since I refuse to do that for literally anyone else.


I'll stop the fangirling here since my story's pretty long, but just know that I adore you. Two saucy sorceress. I'm obsessed. I love her. The word grandma evokes images of a gentle woman in a well loved apron, pulling fresh baked cookies outta the oven. She always insists you take a few for the road, and she somehow even sweeter than the cookies themselves. Oh my God, I love it. Her women, her wisdom, her women. Her women, her wisdom always answers your toughest questions and soothes your deepest fears. Every time you visit, you're wrapped in the warm hug of her familiar perfume. She's a beacon of tranquility and morality. I did not have one of those grandmas. I want you to picture a 4, 10, 80 pound, 80-year-old in a cheetah print sweatsuit and bright red lipstick.


That's literally my future. I hope. I wanna be someone's nana in a leopard print suit sweatsuit with bright pink or red lipstick so much already. She was named Kitty. Yeah, she was after all, and thought it fitting to always wear some kind of cat print. She's living her massive designer purse, was filled to the brim with nicotine gum and cold hard cash. Instead of the typical carella hard candies. I'm fucking obsessed. Y'all can have your your other grandma's. I want a kitty. I love this woman. Kitty's an icon. We bonded not over family recipes, but girls trips to the mall where she'd slip me a Ben Franklin and tell me to get whatever my heart desired.


What a great lady she was the cool girl. My nerdy, chunky, vaguely missha in middle school self would've never dreamt of befriending. We seemed like an unlikely du duo. Her being Little, miss Florida and me despising all things Sandy, sunny. In summary, same. I knew she wanted me to grow into a little diva just like her, but she'd never make me feel bad for spending my a hundred bucks on books and art supplies instead of clothes and makeup. Aw. She was effortlessly flawless her entire life and regaled me with stories of her many suitors. However, she told me just as many tales of her education, career and perseverance. She was one of the very first women into the us in the US to attend pharmacy school, and she went just because someone told her she couldn't. That woman had a lust for life and inspired by spite.


She suffered a first heart attack in her early thirties and had close to a dozen in the years following, but she made a full recovery each time, cigarette in hand without a care in the world. Kitty was the very definition of Can't get rid of me, bitch. I learned all my swears from her, both in English and Yiddish. She always had the hot goss, but the maturity to spread it without demeaning anyone involved. She did not have the maturity to abstain from making fart noises and pretending that my grandfather was the cprit. I love this woman of her. Her spirit is everywhere. Her parenting techniques were a bit unorthodox, even for the sixties and seventies. I do not condone most of them, but they make great stories, and my dad seemed to turn out okay.


Once when he was in kindergarten, he sat in a muddy puddle on the way to school, so kitty would have to take him home and change. She said, well, now it looks like you shit yourself, and sent him to glass as a mouthy teenager. My dad made the mistake of calling her a bitch. He immediately realized his error and turned to f flee, but she chased him upstairs on all fours as if possessed by a rabid badger grabbed his ankle and bit it. Kenny, what kitty? What is Going on? So when I kitty's first and only granddaughter was born, my dad was hesitant to leave us alone together. You know what? I can't really blame your child on that. However, having a baby girl around seemed to bring out her gentler side.


Each time my family made the trip to Florida, I'm just, I cannot get the image of her running up the stairs on all fours and bit your father's ankle like, is this hereditary? I love it so much. Each time my family made the trip to Florida, she And, I were inseparable, and my dad started to relax his supervision. This is how we ended up alone together at the day this story occurred. She needed to pick up from some groceries for dinner, pursue the makeup aisle or peruse the makeup. She wanna do makeup, peruse the makeup aisle, and find some new he heels to match her pedicure. So we headed to target while I stared Cluelessly at the endless wall of beige, beige gl and sparkly powder that somehow costs $20.


An item she ranted to me about the new nuisances, nuisances of aging. Everyone acts like I'm dumb and cranky. She said, I might be cranky, but I'm not fucking stupid. She went on to tell me about how not just scam collars, but everyone takes advan advantage of the elderly. It's true. Doctors and dentists get away with providing subpar treatment. Companies rely on older people's lack of tech savviness to overcharge. Yep, the list goes on. But Kitty had her shit in order and always knew when someone wasn't being entirely truthful. I saw a little glimmer in her eye and immediately knew she was scheming Wordlessly. She took my hand, abandoned her cart, and marched me toward the exit. The wall of Florida heat hit us like a truck. The air dent and suffocating as it crawled to my lungs.


She made a beeline for the ri, the Verizon store whispering to me, they tried to double charge my phone bill last month. Fuckers, I knew by her tone that she had resolved to leave that Verizon store a little richer. See, kitty realized that aging had a silver lining. Who's gonna talk back or call the cops on a distraught old lady? That's true. Relevant to this story is the fact that I really, really needed to shit like prairie dogging it the entire time. My tactic was to focus on a point in space and clench every muscle in my body. I look relevant to this story. About 75% of my brain power was devoted to clenching And. I wasn't fully present for the following misdeeds due to the alarm bells coming from my bowels.


Now, back to the story. As we approached the store, her demeanor changed completely. She managed to make her four 10 frame look even smaller, slowed her pace to a crawl and started walking with a slight limp, clutching my shoulder for support. Tears welded in her big brown eyes. She was a force for mischief and deceit. Armed with nothing but Oscar level acting, she hobbled straight to the front of the line and shouted, I need to talk to someone right now. I was mortified, as she said, as she subverted every rule about manners that I had ever learned, and employee calmly responded, ma'am, the line starts back there. We'll be able to see you soon. She was not having it. No way you criminals think you can steal from us.


Kitty was in fact the criminal in this situation. I wanna speak to the manager of this establishment this instant. After pulling the ultimate Karen, we were quickly ushered to a corner desk to talk to an employee. We made quite the pair, me walking like a robot eyes fixed in front of me, jock ledge, trying not to shit my pants and her holding onto me hobbling, and on the verge of tears, a frazzled looking man sat across from us in his desk chair while Kenny And I sat on stools. As he opened his mouth, she interjected, how do you expect an old woman to sit on these painful metal stools? I can feel the bones in my tus. I'll end up with bruises.


He apologized and said that she was welcome to stand. He had pressed an incorrect. I was just gonna say, my guy really stand. I'm 93 lies and I've had two hip replacements, more lies, and you want me to stand. I know. It just came to me. He sheepishly apologized and wheeled his own chair from behind his desk and traded it for kitty stool. I was in awe. So ma'am, I can tell you're very upset. How can we fix that? I was expecting her to bring up the attempted double charge from last month, but she instead completely fabricated a brand new story. She began, my internet wasn't working last week, so I called this branch to send someone to fix it.


I waited for hours and nobody came. Then two big men showed up in a Verizon van. After sunset, tears were streaming down her face, and she brought her shaky hands up to wipe them as Verizon stores are not usually places where people receive devastating news. The workers scrambled to find tissues, but came up empty handed. She looked at him and whimpered, you don't even have a tissue for me. Well, I guess this will do. And pulled I shit you not a roll of toilet paper from her purse, placed it on the desk and began tearing off pieces to wipe her eyes. This is the funniest shit.


She would later explain to me that she keeps an emergency roll on hand in case the public bathroom toilet paper isn't soft enough for her fragile princess butt hole. I'm gonna start doing that. I've learned a lot from Kitty in this story. So what happened with these men? The worker asked, apparently Kitty hadn't thought this far ahead, so she instead turned up the waterworks and wailed full volume. The poor man looked like a parent trying to quiet it and infant on a plane. Okay? Okay. Please be quiet. I'm so sorry, ma'am. Please, ma'am. He frantically stuttered. Instead of toning it down, she took it up a notch. I can't believe you'd even ask me to tell you the horrors.


Do you know I have a bad heart? Not a lie this time, but why would he know that that could explode any second? That's a good, before he could respond, she lunged forward, grabbing the poor man's hand. Feel my pacemaker. Feel my pacemaker. Oh my God. With ridiculous old lady strength. She wrenched his hand toward her chest as he cowered in fear, pulling back his arm with all his might. This, of course, dragged 80 pound kitty out of the chair and onto the desk. She leaned into this and flailed legs in the air kicking and crying while screaming, get Off me, you Parker. Oh my God, she's so reckless.


Kitty is so reckless. Kitty Fucking invented. Reckless kitty is just wow. Wow. Kitty. I need you to step back and picture this for a moment. No, this does not look good for the employee. No, there was a, There was a small old lady beached on his desk, mascara, snot running down her face toilet paper now on the floor and unrolling across the store while she was the one holding his wrist. Nobody else could see that from behind the God dividers between each desk, it would appear to anyone else that he had made the first contact. Oh my God. Most of the customers had left to escape this chaos and not a single other employee was willing to step into the mattress.


Damn, that poor guy. The only witness to the entire thing was me. The silent, awkward 11-year-old who sat through the entire encounter staring into space like the ghost of a Victorian child, sweating profusely veins in her forehead, popping out from the effort of not pooping. He finally escaped her grasp and looked at kitty and horror. She silently pushed herself off the desk, slowly limped to the other side of the store and retrieved her toilet paper. Of course, she returned and began re-rolling it absentmindedly saying, you know, I can't use this anymore. I bet y'all don't even clean your floors. Wow. Dumbfounded. He let out a defeated sigh and asked, what do you want me to do?


He's like, please help. This was clearly the question that Kitty had been waiting for. I want a full refund. Confusion flashed across the employee's face. And. I could tell he wanted to scream a refund for what? But I'm sure he didn't wanna risk any other feel my pacemaker moments. So he simply replied, okay. She followed her original request up with in cash. Now, it was the man who looked like he wanted to cry. Ma'am, we can't do that. Maybe we can waive next month's payment. No, but no. Yeah, that was not good enough for Kitty. I see a register right there with dismay on his face. He tried to explain that without a transaction, he couldn't open the register.


Kitty gearing up for another scene, started yelling you scammers, and was quickly cut off by the poor man saying, wait, wait, please. He then reached out and he then reached in his back pocket for his own fucking wallet. Oh my God. And Kitty knew that it was going to come to this. I'm obsessed handed Kitty a wad of cash without even counting it. He's like, just take it satisfied. She promptly stood up cash in hand and limped toward the exit. I sat there in shock. Did she just fucking rob this man? She sure did. Was I an accomplice? You sure were. Were we both gonna end up in jail? Maybe My 11-year-old brain with half-baked cognitive skills thought I was gonna be expelled from middle school and thrown into some federal prison.


I sheepishly whispered, sorry to the man and hurried after kitty shuffling awkwardly like a penguin, while taking the tiniest possible steps to ensure that the log didn't enter my pants. Kitty was already outside and had resumed her normal gait, counting her loot and looking very proud of herself. She saw the look in my eye and said, exasperated. They tried to double charge me last month. Remember, the gravity of the situation hadn't yet hit me, and my priorities were still on the fecal matter bobbling bobbing for apples, and I'm not Okay. My priorities were still on the fecal matter bobbing for apples in my day of the week underwear.


So I accepted this justification and headed for the car. Oh my God. No police ever showed up looking for us. I think that man was just glad to have her out of the store and didn't want to explain why an 80-year-old woman had called him a pervert. In the end, he only lost about 60 bucks. I thought Kitty would be disappointed with the small sum of money, but she was so focused on on reveling in the newfound perks of old age. She was satisfied to know that every time someone tried to scam her, she could scam them right back without consequences. Oh, yeah, she could. After that day, I was no longer allowed unsupervised time with Kitty. My dad and her got into a heated argument as she bragged about her exploits. Immediately upon returning home, the conversation ended with my dad saying, Jesus fucking Christ, mom and her responding with Jesus Christ.


Ain't my savior kitty. I occasionally, she's a woman. She's a G. She's A she. She's an original gangster. I occasionally think of the man she robbed that day. I hope the memory brings him some amusement and not the level of trauma that being robbed at gunpoint would, Oh my God. Feelings of guilt bubble up as I know. I did nothing to stop it. You were loving and instead sat there creepily, staring, sweated, and completely rigid. But what the fuck was I supposed to do? Shit myself trying to intervene? Oh, kitty ended up passing about five years later in 2019, thankfully, before all of the pandemic craziness ensued.


It was hard to lose the only cool girl who ever made me feel welcome. But I'm sure she's having a grand old time causing chaos in the great beyond. Oh, Hell yeah. Kitty may not have been the wholesome grandmother plucked from a Hallmark movie, but she was something better boldness, brashness, and bravery molded into human form. She was simultaneously my guardian angel and the devil on my shoulder, always there to wipe my tears when I sobbed to her about my middle school Tor mentors, but just as quick to tell me to fuck 'em up. Hell yeah. So That's the story of the time I robbed a man with my grandpa, with my grandma. Keep it weird, but not so weird that you try to get a Verizon employee to grow up your pacemaker while your granddaughter sweats through her clothes, trying not to shit herself. But do keep it so weird that you make her feel special and cool, even though she doesn't share your interests and empower her to pursue her passions.


Okay, bye. Hope you enjoyed We fucking did Hannah, That. Hannah, that was what a fucking tale. Every grandma should be a kitty. What a fucking tale that was Kitty, For fucking ever. I am just, I'm without words. I Love her with every fiber of my being. That was unbelievable. That was fantastic. One of the best tales we've ever read. Holy Shit. That was phenomenal. Touch me, you pervert like, wow. Wow. Obsessed. Damn well. Oh, you guys really know how to send these? That was a good one. That was incredible. That was a fun, spooky and hilarious one.


Yeah. Love, love, love. Yeah. We'll give you some dark ones next time. Well, Our next time will be our Halloween, Halloween, Halloween installment. So If, you have a good Halloween listener tale. Send it to Morbid podcast@gmail.com with listener tale somewhere in the subject line, and insert the word Halloween so we can find it easily. Yeah. We hope that you keep listening And we hope you keep it weird, But not so weird that you're not cuddled by a ghost cat. Not so weird that your aunt picks up a hitchhiker but doesn't get murdered. I guess maybe keep it that weird because then she didn't get murdered. Definitely keep it so weird that you dream about your children before they're born, because that's just fucking cool and oh, oh, wait.


Keep it so weird that you haunt your grandchild as your former 6-year-old self and for the love of everything awesome in this world. Keep it so weird that you are a kitty. I love Kitty so much. Okay, bye.


If. you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind those cozy nights at home, thousands of employees at BP go to work every day, people producing more US natural gas people building grid scale, solar capacity, people turning landfill, waste gas into pipeline quality, renewable natural gas, and people delivering all of that power where it's needed. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at BP dot com slash investing in America.