
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Cava and It is Hands down The. best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best And. it is creamy. It's smooth Comes together with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites. If you know me, you know vanilla and chai I like to do half, half, boom, Vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I Know That. I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In, and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid. I love Cava.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad. Free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. And do I mash And? this Is Morbid. What is up? Fuckers. What is up? So we're doing something for Halloween. I won't say that. What it is, it's a special surprise, but part of it does involve Elena wearing a weird contact in her eye, and I'm wearing it right now, and she's wearing it right now. And it's, it's throwing me off. It threw John way off. John fucking hates it. He hates it. John said, get that out of your eyeball.


He literally went, oh no. I was sitting in the office and he was in the other room when she showed him And I. Literally just hear, oh, oh God, no, no, no. He hates it. It freaks him out. I love it. I think it's great. He knows now. He was like, oh no. This is gonna be like, you're just gonna pop that in on like a random Tuesday and just walk downstairs, aren't you? You should just like wake him up one morning wearing both of them and just stare at him. Yeah. Oh, but you're afraid to put one in the other eye. I am. I have like one eye that I had. Like it's, it's just a problematic eye. Did it some the kids like scratched it when they were babies, right? Yeah. When they were like babies. One of my kids accidentally poked into my eye and then like ripped.


And literally your cornea, right? Literally tore my cornea open. Yeah. Like, like it wasn't like a scratch on the cornea. Like a flap was like literally the worst pain I've ever felt in my entire life. Yeah. It wasn't immediate. I know we're getting off track, but you know, it's the beginning. It's always off track in the beginning. This is just, you know, it's important for you to know tales from the eyes because That wasn bad. Like That wasn a bad poke. And you were like, my eye was like watering like crazy. Yeah. And That wasn rough, but I was able to go to sleep that night, whatever. And then what happened was my eye dried out in the middle of the night. And I woke up. And I opened my lid and my lid tore the remaining piece of my cornea up.


No. and that no was the worst pain I have ever experienced in my life. And I have had three children. Yeah. And I'm saying that confidently. 'cause I literally started to sob immediately. Oof. But didn't wanna wake anyone up because that's who I am. And I went downstairs and just paced around crying into pillows and contemplating whether I should run full force into a wall and knock myself out. That's how bad that pain was. And I'm not saying that to be funny. That is the reality of what happened. I literally looked at a wall, And I said, should I run into it?


I'm just picturing a quiet still house and That wasn like 4:00 AM. Yeah. And then everybody just here is like, Don, like, what's that? I'm just picturing the cartoon birds your head and the stars. No, I literally did. They, we had to go to the er I remember. And they had to give me like the, the numbing stuff. Like the lidocaine drops. Yeah. But they can only give you that once 'cause they'll fuck up your eye. Oh my God. So they give you it and the relief is immediate and you go, oh, it goes away. Oh God, this is amazing. And then they send you home and they say, well, you need to get, you know, you need to have an appointment and you need to get all this stuff done. Didn't you have to get purse off or like, like semi-permanent contact contact.


I had to get a contact, like a healing contact put on it because they had to like do something to it to like repair. And then, so it wouldn't like reopen, so it wouldn't keep tearing open. Damn. So I had to wear a hard contact for like a week. And I had to wear sunglasses for a week. I couldn't be outside in the 'cause That wasn so exposed that I couldn't be in the sun. Yeah, you could like burn your eye. My eye story. So the story at the end of that story is just that I, I don't want to put a contact in that eye. Yeah. Moral of the story. I don't blame you. I'm just very scared of that eye. One time, I think That wasn se No That wasn. That wasn. Eighth grade. I laughed into a pencil. And you heard that right? I was lolling with my girlies in class, holding a pencil.


And I was holding a pencil. And I literally went, oh, I'm like, like tilted my head back and then fell forward and scratched my cornea, which that in and of itself hurt so bad. Oh yeah. I can't even imagine tearing my cornea open. And I was on crutches at that point because that summer I had broken my pelvis. And then to add insult to motherfucking injury, 14 years old, eighth grade. Like always the greatest time of your life. Oh, absolutely. Except not at all the worst. I had to wear an eye patch. So you were wearing an eye patch while on crutches. An eye patch. And. I was on crutches. I did not wear the eye patch as long as they told me to because I said, honey, my reputation will never recover. I said, I'm, I'm sorry doctor. I be damned.


I I don't give a fuck. I'll go blind before I walk in. Fuck the hall eye before I damage my reputation with an eye patch and crutches. Oh my God. I, because I was on crutches for so long that people started to say I was faking, even though, I mean, I was like, I broke my fucking pelvis. Yeah. Like, it's gonna take me a while to heal here. Yeah. It's like pretty big bone. So then adding an eye patch to that That wasn. That wasn not good. It's not good. No. Good. Damn. you know that Ashe is a Lawler. She left. She laughs with her whole body. One thing about me is eye loll. She's Wallers. So I'm in it for the lulls. Well, this one will not make you law, I don't think. But it'll make you go. Huh? So you'll haw instead Lall.


This is, this is the house of flying objects also. That sounds kind of lit. Also known. I know. Isn't that kind of beautiful? I kind of love it. It's also known as The, Popper, Poltergeist. That it almost was like Poltergeist. That's silly. The Popper Poltergeist. That makes me also lull. This one is one of those cases where there isn't an answer to this day. They were not able to debunk. So it's a H. But there's a theory. But this theory again, is a theory and it has not been proven. And the person who the theory is against vehemently says, not me. They did not cause this to happen. Alright, so I'll, I'll leave it to you at the end of this time.


You decide. So this is the family was the The family. And it's con, this case is considered by many to be the first modern investigation into Poltergeist disturbances. That wasn in the fifties. Oh shit. And That wasn. Actually the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's 1982, Toby Hooper's horror film, Poltergeist. Oh. Now, despite all the attention it got, the case, like I said, is still unexplained. They have not been able to figure out what the fuck was going on in this house. It's really hard to look at you right now. I know. This is really fun to tell a story like this because now you're serious too. So it's like, I'm serious. And I have this really scary eye. Yes. But it's also kind of goofy 'cause you're just in like regular clothes.


So I'm just like, yeah. you know, and like you have your hair extensions too. Yeah. So you're just like, I'm pretty, and my eyes scary. So I just have like a blowout. It's like you in the haunted house. I was just gonna say that. It's you in the haunted house and a big blonde blowout. Listen, that's who I'm Drew's. Like there's Ash. I could always be spotted. So as far as anyone could remember, the disturbances in the The house started on Monday, February 3rd, 1953. 43-year-old. James The was at work and his wife, 38-year-old Lucille and their children, Jimmy and Lucille were home alone at their home in Long Island. New York. Long Island. Long Island. I love when a woman names her daughter after herself. I think that's a fuck.


And do a fucking power move off Laura. Yeah. Lauralei and Rory. Because guys do it all the time. Yeah. But you don't hear of it with women often. And I. Love that. Both the kids are juniors. Yes. Oh, Luc Lucille with James and Lucille. That was lost on me. Yeah. See they both did check it. Good for them. Mrs. The was finishing up some chores on the first floor of the house, and she suddenly heard some popping noises coming from the second floor. And when she went up to look, Lucille found that a small holy water bottle on the dresser in the main bedroom. you know, like everyone has, I was gonna say Whoa, like, just like, okay. Just their holy water that they had on their nightstand. Okay. Its cap was unscrewed and the bottle was laying on its side with the contents all spilled.


Okay. Now in Jimmy's bedroom, like I'm gonna call James the father and Jimmy the son. So you can Okay. Determine. Differentiate in Jimmy's bedroom. Lucille found that the head of a ceramic doll had been broken in several pieces of a model ship he had been working on had snapped off. Hmm. And in other places in the house, Lucille discovered several other Bottles where the caps appeared to have simply popped off. Okay. With no explanation pop off, just popping off. Now, although there were some minor disturbances in the house and the days after that mostly witnessed by the children, Lucille and Jimmy. The problem didn't escalate until the morning of February 9th. That morning, a little after 10:00 AM the whole family was gathered in the dining room, just eating breakfast.


And they heard the popping noises again. This time they all heard it. Lucille ran to the main bedroom and discovered that the cap on the holy water bottle again had come off. And the contents was spilled on the, on the nightstand. And a bottle of expensive perfume That was also on her dresser had spilled topic. Come on. Fuck that. You mess with my perfume. You die. Yeah. I figured you were gonna be pissed about that. I'm so pissed. So she's examining these Bottles being like, what the fuck is going on here? And she heard more popping noises as this was happening. So she went in the bathroom and a shampoo Bottle and a bottle of liquid medication, their cops had popped off and they were tipped over and the contents was spilling everywhere. What? And again, the kids are downstairs, right?


So in the, and it's not like, it like, like these Bottles are like popping. Like she hears the popping voices. Like you hear the pop sound like it's not even like being someone's unscrewing things and tipping it over. Yeah. There's a pop happening and the cap is like flying off. Like, this doesn't sound like a child's behavioral problem. No. And so it's weird. So in the kitchen also a bottle of cooking starch exploded. Damn. And in the basement, a bottle of paint thinner popped open and begins spilling the contents. Oh no. So like, what the fuck is going on? What is going on? Yeah. So they're all clearly alarmed by what's happening. So Lucille was like, I'm calling the police, I don't know what's going on. Like, is there a house like about to explode? Like what's, I would freak out to, I wouldn't know who to call.


Yeah. I mean weird. Like, we call Ghostbusters, like what do you do? Well and weird things like that happen. And like it could be like a gas leak or something. Exactly. Yeah. Which like when you really think about it, you're like, it clearly it's not. It could a leak, but, but like you would think like, I can't determine what is happening here. So like I'm afraid my house is going explode. Yeah. So she called the police and patrolman j Hughes was dispatched to the house. Okay. So Hughes sat with the family in the living room to take their statement and the officer heard popping noises coming from the bathroom. And they all went in there to look at what happened. And the officer found that both the medicine and shampoo bottle had spilled again and had popped their caps. I love that. The ghost was like, I'm not gonna hide. Yeah. He was like, oh, hey officer, I'll do this in front of the cops.


Call him. So Lucille and James Sr. Explained to Hughes at the time of the occurrences, there were no tremors in the house and no loud noises or disturbances of any kind that could be noticed. Okay. A few days later, on February 11th, the whole thing repeated itself in the house. And Lucille called the police again and was like, it's fucking happening again. So Detective Joseph Totie arrived at the Herman's house and very quickly and sat down to take their statement again. And he labeled this report, I love it. Local investigation, broken Bottles. That's it. No. Put this one top of shelf guys. Yes. Broken Bottles. According to Lucille, since the last officer had been at the house a few days earlier, quote, the disturbances appeared to be increasing in both number and magnitude.


Huh. So of course totes first thought was, I think your children are playing a prank on you. Yeah. Maybe. you know? And so he warned the children, he said to the children if they were in any way connected with this case and that they were causing the disturbances in some way. That is a serious matter. Yeah. 'cause you're taken up on like make sure time. Yeah. He was like, you have to Know That. Like if police are being called and you're playing, playing pranks, you're gonna be in trouble. Yeah. Like stop it. Cut it out. So Jimmy and Lucille, the kids were like, we did not do this. Like I promise. And Totie said he was very convinced of their innocence. Like they did not seem to have anything to do with this later that day. And much to the surprise of James and Lucille The, their story made its way into the evening edition of the local papers.


Oh no. And they're probably like, please don't do that. Oh no. They loved it. Oh, okay. And one reporter wrote The Revolt of the Bottles today gripped the ones tranquil home of James The. I can't imagine listening to that. And it wrote, it probably wouldn't have seemed out of the ordinary to readers that a few bottle caps popped off unexpectedly. And then it said, but the article was quick to point out all the Bottles that flipped their lids had screw type caps, and the caps were not bent or distorted. They just came off. Which is weird. Which is weird. Now out of concern that there might be some sort of, like we said, gas leak, something weird, something dangerous. Yeah. That's happening. Some unseen hazard in this house, James called Dr. Donald Hughes, which was an acquaintance of his, who worked at the Brookhaven National Laboratory.


Okay. Which was a NA was a local atomic energy lab. Okay. So he's a very damn smart guy. Casual. And he asked like, is my family in Danger? Should I get my family outta this house? What's going on? Are we all going to explode? Yeah. And Hughes told him, I cannot think of any cause for all of this. It's certainly possible that some Bottles might explode from overdevelopment of gas, but it would have nothing to do with radio activity. Okay. So he was like, I don't think, well that's think you're in Danger. But like, I can't explain to you what's happening here. I don't think you're in Danger. But I also don't know. But I don't actually know. I don't rightly know. So to summarize here, I don't rightly know. So by the next day, more news outlets had picked up this story and they were calling it the Revolt of the Bottles.


I'm kind of obsessed with that. I love all of this. Like I love that the report was called Local Investigation Broken Bottles. I love that all the articles are calling it The Revolt of the Bottles. I'm into it like the Bottles are revolting against this family. For some weird reason. They're like, you know what? We've had enough. Yeah. And like I said, the Herrmanns actually like loved it. They were enthusiastically responding to press increase. Okay. On February 12th, detective Totie returned to the house in response to another complaint. This time they said additional bottle lids were popping off and a plastic angel ornament had a wing snapped off of it. Oh, that's sad. Yeah. So Totie took the Bottles and the angel as evidence, but didn't really have anything else for them.


He was like, yeah, I don't know what's going on here, but I'll take them as evidence. Okay. So as he left that afternoon, there were like a ton of reporters, photographers, camera crews that had started to gather on the front lawn of the house. Of course, they were all interested to learn like, this must be paranormal, what's going on? So Mrs. The led the group through the house. She said, check all this out. She said, sure. Pointing out where the various disturbances had occurred. And a man that nobody knew worked his way to the front of the crowd and introduced himself as quote, a holy man from center. More riches. I'm fucking obsessed with that. He said, hello, I'm a holy man. I love it. It gets even funnier because immediately after introducing himself, the man just dropped to his knees, dropped to his knees in the dining room and started praying loudly and excitedly for about 10 minutes straight.


Okay. So I don't really love that. But when he was finished, he turned to Lucille The and said, everything's all right. You've been forgiven. And then he just walked outta the house, got in his car, and drove the fuck away and no one saw him again. That's the kind of energy I'm looking for. Minus the prayer. Like just, he's like, hello, I'm a holy man. And then he's just boom prayer, 10 minutes. And then he just gets up and he is like, you good? You've been forgiven forever. And then he just forever just reads and never comes back. What the fuck? But this is very early on in the story, so it seems like it didn't work. But honestly the star of the story, in my opinion, just, just introduce yourself and then go for it.


Also way to like feed the rumor mill by looking directly at Lucille and being like, it's all good. And like, you've been forgiven. They forgive what you did. Like what the fuck did she do? Yeah.


Let's talk about something really important that most people don't realize. Did you know that there actually aren't any requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants? 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals in baby food. But Little Spoon is the first and only baby food brand in the US to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best in class European standards. And if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell it. It's that simple Peace of Mind delivered. They surveyed 2000 parents across the country so they could help understand what parents are most concerned about and help provide peace of mind for their customers. And wow, did they deliver? They've teamed up with the leading global experts and have committed to parents that every one of little spoons, baby food products, is not only tested, but passes their strict standards or it won't be sold. Period. I absolutely love Little Spoon. Elena gives it to her kids. And sometimes I really do be stealing their snacks. And Little Spoon snacks are delicious. You can see all of little spoons, baby safety standards in detail and shop their products for babies, toddlers, and big kids on little spoon.com. Get 30% off your first order. Go to little spoon.com/ Morbid 30 and enter our code Morbid 30 at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's little spoon.com/ Morbid to save 30% off.


Echo Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. It's also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good and very healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get into a really good and healthy routine because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music, a morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is so grown up when they come down and tell me what it's gonna be that day. But using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility and independence. It also gives my kids a way to express themselves. Because Echo Doc kids comes in cute playful designs and kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexa sounds with pretend owl or dragon voices, along with character inspired songs, jokes and greetings. Echo kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties singing and dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at amazon.com/echo Kids.


The supposed holy man from Center More's was just the first of many unusual characters to appear in the lives of the Herrmanns, to give solutions some kind of explanation for what was going on in their house. That same day. The family was visited by Dr. Norman Foer, who was a New, York city psychoanalyst, who had been studly studying Stu. This Stu studying, studying the phenomenon of ghosts for several decades. Decades. At this point, I don't know why I can't speak, it's hard. According to Dr. Norman, the destruction in the Herman's house was being caused by a Poltergeist. Hey. Which he described as quote, a kind of biological life force that in some admittedly unknown manner, leaps out of a person's body and physically affects objects at a distance.


Okay. So Dr. Norman explained that Poltergeist activity, and this is a thing related to Poltergeist activity. That wasn, it's commonly associated with adolescents undergoing puberty. I did Know. That. Yeah. And it's speculated that The Poltergeist energy was likely coming from 12-year-old Jimmy. Okay. Now to the Herrmanns and the press and the public, honestly the explanation seemed as plausible as any at this point. They were like, sure, why not? I love that the public is like down for this. Yeah. The public was like, oh yeah. Usually they're like, they like ostracized the family and they're like, oh my God, they're fucking crazy. I think in the fifties they were just like, sure, what else are we gonna talk about? No, why not? But they still welcomed any advice or any alternative explanations.


They were just like, sure. We'll we'll pin that one on the board. Yeah. The detectives at the Seventh Precinct, for example, instructed Lucille to try and experiment. They said Fill 10 Bottles with water and watch them throughout the day to see if they were affected. But by the end of the day, they were still intact. Okay. So that's interesting. Meanwhile, an electrician from the Long Island Lighting Company visited the house and inspected all the circuitry. Top to bottom. He found no faulty wiring, no issues that could be causing disturbances. And the technician went as far as setting up a device capable of detecting the slightest vibrations and detected nothing. That's really cool. Other more supernatural explanations were definitely offered by the public, including those relating to the positions of, you know, the stars and the planets in the sky or something like that.


Fuck yeah. Which I'm like, I don't think that had to do with this. I don't think it had to do with this. They, you know, things related to high frequency vibration. The erosion of a stream under the house causing the ground to shift. And subtle undetectable ways I, people were really going for it. Really reaching for anything they could tap into here. Now all the media attention surrounding what they were now referring to as the house of flying objects eventually extended beyond just New York. And it ended up reaching JB Rhine, who was the founder of Duke Lee University's parapsychology lab in Durham, North Carolina. Oh, cool. Ryan was a botanist by training, but he had also maintained a very serious interest in the paranormal for decades.


He was very, very into it. He was introduced to the concept in the 1920s, actually. Wow. When he and his wife attended a lecture by a man, you might know the name of a world renowned author and paranormal enthusiast, sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Do we know him? Sherlock Holmes. He wrote Sherlock Holmes. Do we like, I don't actually know who does. Arthur Conan Doyle. Within a few years of that lecture, Ryan and a small number of research assistants started investigating 'cause he was very like interested in what he had to say. And they started investigating the potential for extra sensory perception ESP Mm. By testing students at Duke University and officially starting the lab in 1930.


So he really got into it. That's really cool. And very like, like ahead of his time. Yeah, truly. So Ryan and his institute at Duke were dedicated to the scientific pursuit of the paranormal. So from the outset, he hoped to apply the scientific method to researching the paranormal. And he enthusiastically rooted out frauds and charlatans in the paranormal world. He was gonna call your ass out, he was gonna debunk your shit. Cool. That's his job. Yeah. If he can't just, if he can't explain it, cool. But if he can explain it, he's gonna explain it. You're fucked. He's like ghost hunters internet, you know? Yeah. Like, like taps. Yes, yes, yes. They debunk. So among the most notable achievements that he had was the debunking and defaming of Mina Cranden.


Ooh. Who was a notorious psychic median who had been defrauding and, and exploiting people for years through her seances. That Mina, that's me. And he said, get fucked Mina. Like that's one of his notable achievements was proving that she's a charlatan. I hate that. I love the word charlatan. I do too. But he had also been looking for an opportunity to begin exploring The Poltergeist phenomenon, because that had become a thing in the romal world at this time. And he told a reporter of his learning of the The case, we are always glad to be informed of puzzling phenomenon, either human or animal. We don't have any record that has been adequately proved. So for the time being, Ryan asked a colleague in New York to look into the case and just kind of report back as to whether That wasn even worth investigating.


He was like, take a look, let us know If, you get, get involved. What in the meantime, the activity of the The house. I, I had to take a deep breath after Covid. I don't know if anybody else had, I'm still like my having a hard time. I run outta breath like very easily. That's not great. Yeah, it's, well I still have a cough, so I think it's not helping. Maybe that's it. So in the meantime, the activity at the house escalated in frequency and intensity. A few days after tote see's last visit on February 13th, the family continued to get experience the whole like bottle caps, you know, popping off of their Bottles. Yeah. All the contents spilling. And now the incidents were accompanied by objects flying around the room. Okay.


Hate that. In, in Jimmy's bedroom, a plastic angel ornament flew from its position on the nightstand and crashed into a statue of Davey Crockett four feet away. That is the most iconic thing I've ever heard. Period. Angel statue Launchy crocking itself into Davy Crockett. Like that happened. She said, fuck you Davy. And there were several literally, fuck you Davy Crockett. And there were several other instances where things were flying at the family essentially. Interesting that there's been a couple instances of angels too, like breaking in holy water stuff. I'm like, uhoh, do you have a diamond now? Later that afternoon, a water bottle and another perfume, Bottle in the main bedroom lost their lids.


The content spilled out. But this time the Bottles were reported to be hot to the touch. Okay. Now The said, I had just gone into the room with my son and daughter And. we noticed that another bottle had fallen That wasn hot as if lukewarm water was in it. This was the first time I had noticed that, like that particular thing. And what I say to that is those are two conflicting ideas. How is it hot if there's lukewarm water in it? Thank you. Because when I have lukewarm water, it does not make the outside hot. No, it makes it lukewarm. Correct. So I'm confused by that. Yeah. But if it's hot to the touch, it's like, was it like heated up somehow in the outside and like press and then like got pressurized?


That's the thing. And that's why the Bottles are popping off and it's like somebody walking around with like a lighter. Yeah. And it's like, remember this is the fifties. Yeah. So it's like, did they have lighters in the fifties? I don't know. Like what do we matches And what? And And I think that's what's important is like, there's so many things in here where you're gonna go, well it's that. Yeah. But then you have to be like, wait, it's the fifties. Would they even know how to do that? you know what I mean? Like there's, so you got to like bring it back to there and be like, wait a second. Right. Not impossible, like all these things that were gonna come through, but like interesting at the, I wonder like what you learned in science at Jimmy's age. I know because he's 12, remember? So not, he wouldn't have like super advanced. Yeah. You shouldn't have, I mean, scientific knowledge. Yeah.


Unless he's like really into science, which he could be. His dad was friends with scientists. Like, so yeah. It's obviously, you know, but a few days later, the intensity of the attacks appeared to increase. Okay. Bottles were now shattering, which is interesting. Ink was being thrown across the walls. Damn. And more ornaments and figurines were flying from the shelves and smashing on the floor against the wall. To this point, That wasn, the Herrmanns alone, who'd experienced all this, like no one else was in the house. But on February 21st, detective Totie was in the house when in an adjoining room, he saw a porcelain figure shoot 10 feet across the room and smash itself against the wooden secretary putting a sizable dent in the wood.


Wow. So it had to have been launched hard. Yeah. And he saw that nobody was in that room. Like he said, it launched itself. All he saw was this thing launch itself across the room. And it's, it's a porcelain figure. And it hit that wooden thing so hard that there was a sizable dent. Which is crazy. Which takes force. Yeah, absolutely. So Totie documented this and returned to the precinct, but less than an hour later, he was called back to the House by Lucille. And when he got there, he found Mrs. The and the children huddled together in the hall saying she figured that would be the safest place. Oh. Because she was saying like, every row things are flying, things are flying at us.


Like, I'm afraid one of the kids is gonna get hurt. Yeah. So according to Lucille, not long after Detective Totie left the house, it, it went crazy. Like things it, the ferocity and directness was something they had not experienced. Okay. Like that That wasn things were being thrown hard and they were being thrown directly at them. Oh. Like, and that hadn't happened before. Before That, wasn kind of flying across the room, maybe near them. Well, and that's kind of like what happens with Poltergeist. It gets, gets worse gradually. Exactly. And in fact, whatever was, you know, popping and caps, I knew you'd like that one. I'm obsessed popping caps, like literally popping caps off. Bottles and hurling objects seem to now be doing so with the kind of like aggressiveness and malevolence that implied sentience.


Like it implied that they, this thing was angry at the Herrmanns themselves. I kind of fucking love that. Right. Like it, it apply implied that they are this thing is trying to hurt them. Like I don't want it to hurt them. I don't love that. But IJI love a sentient being Yeah. Like a sent, this seems like a sentient, like it's making a choice. Well, and it's throw things. It's interesting that that guy looked at Lucille for dip it off into the sunsets that they forgave you. Yeah. Maybe they didn't. Maybe they didn't. Maybe they just told that guy that to get him outta there she was forgiven. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. No, it wasn't enough to alarm the family with a, like, you know, when That wasn like a few Bottles popping off here and there, like they were more just confused by that. Yeah. They weren't like super scared 'cause nothing was hurting them under attack.


But that's the thing. Now it's destroying their property and hurling objects at them and think like of like the sentimental things that you have that probably got destroyed. Yeah. And they're worried that this is gonna hurt the kids and that, so the disturbance on the night of the 21st was so intense that the next day James and Lucille thought That wasn best to go stay with family members nearby just to get a break. Like, they were like, we don't wanna deal with the media anymore. We don't wanna deal with what's going on in the house. Yeah. It it seems like very overwhelming. Yeah. James The told a reporter, my wife has lost sleep during the last days and the kids are getting behind on their homework. Oh no. So while they were staying with relatives, Lucille received a call from Helen Connolly who was a 74-year-old widow in Revere, Massachusetts.


Revere Reve in Reve. Oh yeah. We got Helen. Oh honey Revere. Here comes Helen from Revere. My sister was thinking about moving to Revere And. I was like, you gonna live in Reve? And she said, no, not anymore. She said, nevermind. So Helen from Revere called and she and also 74-year-old Helen. I just have to do like a quick side note here. I had a client from Revere when I still worked at the hair salon. And her name was Tony and she had red hair and she was like an older lady and she was the coolest fucking bride I've ever met. I love that. And. I. Love Tony. And Tony. If somehow for some reason you're listening to this, I miss you. I love you. You're phenomenal. Tony from Revia, she was the coolest.


Well, you know what, Helen also, Helen just wanted to help. So was she cool? So Helen called and she had read about the experiences in the paper. Okay. And she wanted to offer some advice. Okay. I'm, I'm Helen from re review, I got something to tell you. She said we had the same thing in April of last year. She told them, of course, tables, Chas, ashtrays, dishes, lamps, even in artificial fireplace was lifted like paper. An artificial fireplace. An artificial fireplace was lifted like paper. Paper. She said, Helen, oh my God. According to Helen, a building inspector looked over the home and determined the cause of the problem was built up. Gases trapped in the chimney. We had the inspector come out, he searched around, my God, we had an Inspector Sully come out and he told us that That wasn just built up gases trapped in the chimney.


It's just gases. And when That wasn freed back into the house, it would blow items around the house. Okay. Yeah. And while they were away, detective Totie was like, all right, cool. Like that sounds valid, plausible. Like, thank you Helen from Reve. And she was like, that's all I just wanted to help. I think it might be gases. And you fucking do you have an artificial fireplace? M Queen, queen, queen. So while they were away staying with family, detective Totie arrived, arranged for the home to have a turbine style ventilator installed on the outside of the chimney. Shit. and that would prevent any downdrafts from entering the house that way because he was like, let's debunk that. Like let's get that. Maybe that's it.


Maybe. So it did seem a little unlikely that drafts were the problem in this house. I don't know if drafts are causing objects to fly with such force. They're denting wood. Yeah. We're trying to debunk. But yeah, go for it. That wasn. Just again, Totie said, I just wanna rule out any potential explanation. And in response to a request for comment from a reporter, John Dietrich, a chairman of science at the Merchant Marine Academy, refuted this gases theory. He said activity like that as the result of just the free movement of gases doesn't sound plausible. Okay. The idea sounds rather fantastical to me. That's funny. 'cause my response was That sounds plausible. I know. And it's like, he's like, yeah. And he was like, that does not sound plausible.


Now if the Herman's temporary stay with relatives was supposed to give them a break from the media attention and the disruptions, it wasn't exactly successful, at least in terms of the media attention. In fact, them fleeing their home and desperation really only generated more interest in the story. Makes sense. And it didn't seem like the Herrmanns mind did it like too much. They weren't like super put off by it. They definitely like entertained the press when they needed to. Like I think they just kind of kept them on their side. Yeah. Which is smart. I was gonna say, you know, to turn on you. On February 24th, Dave Conn, a reporter from the Long Island newspaper, Newsday actually moved into the Herman's home while they were living with the family.


Wow. To cover the story from a firsthand perspective, he wanted to experience it. That's cool. And in his first report from the house, Conn referred to his initial night as a frightening experience. Really, according to him, the activity began the evening of his first night. A little after 8:00 PM as he and James Sr. Were sitting in the dining room having coffee out of nowhere. Con heard a loud crash from the living room and rushed in and found a figure had smashed against the wooden secretary. Interestingly con notes that just after he heard the crash, he jumped out of his chair and ran into the living room. And he said, but Jimmy got there before us. Hmm.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming Fall 2024 with SIR and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See at&t dot com slash iPhone for details.


Reconnecting with the people in your life is so important and sending a holiday card is a meaningful way to do that. but it can be hard to know where to start. But Shutterfly makes it so easy to share our custom card that's perfectly you. Shutterfly has a style for everyone from classic seasonal designs to hand-drawn holiday cheer. Find a card that reflects your vibe. No professional photos, no worries, honey. Shutterfly multi photo designs are great for candid photos, travel photos, or even school photos. Shutterfly offers services like free address printing with custom envelopes, or the new easy address collector that helps simplify holiday mailing and makes it so easy to get your cards in the mail. Personally, I love giving out ornaments for the holidays. And I always use Shutterfly to do this. You can order in bulk and you can get them all nice and printed. It's wonderful. Find the perfect holiday card for you@shutterfly.com and start customizing today. Enjoy 40% off your Shutterfly order with promo code Morbid and get free shipping on qualified orders. See site for promotional details.


Now, a short time later after the reporter had settled back in the dining room, they heard a quote, low rumble come from upstairs. And when they went to investigate, they found that the dresser in Jimmy's bedroom had inexplicably tipped over. And he said, I tried when I heard the noise, like he tried to move it and Jimmy told his father in con, but he said, and a part of the dresser landed on my foot. I only saw it fall the last few inches. Ouch. So he was like in the room when it happened. And That wasn actually like very near the dresser. In fact, he said it fell on his foot. Now that would lead you to believe that maybe Jimmy's doing these things. Well yeah, I'm, I'm questioning it. So like how can you not?


There's that, or there's the possibility. Like they said, Poltergeist activity can emanate from a somebody in puberty going through an adolescent going through puberty. So maybe it's because he's around that that's why it's happening near him. Or maybe two things can be true at once these things are happening. Yes. But also Jimmy's having a little bit of fun at the same time because this is a little exciting. And I think that's the most valid explanation I think. Yeah. So I think this is not all Jimmy. I don't think it's all him, but partially. But I think maybe, maybe I'm not accusing him. No. But maybe allegedly. Allegedly. Maybe he had something to do with it. Now, after the dresser fell, James The promptly called Detective Totie who came out to the house but could not figure out what the fuck happened.


He said there was something especially strange about the noises. Or excuse me, Totie didn't say this. Khan said this. Okay. The reporter, there was something especially strange about the noises accompanying both disturbances, That wasn almost explosive, which is, that's interesting. He said. And the low rumble lasted an abnormally long time and both noises seemed to elude the immediate location. Later that night, other objects flew from their locations, including a large bookcase in Jimmy's bedroom. That was seemingly pushed away from the wall by unseen hands. Most baffling of all, at least for Khan, was an incident that occurred the next night. That wasn a little after 9:00 PM and he said, as I sat alone in the corner of the living room, a 10 inch cardboard globe of the world flipped silently out of, out from Jimmy's darkened bedroom in my direction and bounced, bounced into the opposite corner of the living room.


I jumped up, ran into Jimmy's room and snapped on the light. The boy was sitting up in bed, the covers over his legs. Naturally I tried to discover whether Jimmy had thrown the globe. I found that That wasn possible, but improbable the globe could not have landed where it did if it had been thrown from the bed. But could he have just huddled into bed really quickly? He could have, but they said That wasn. He would have to be very quick to get back in there, which he could. Okay. Now, when he noticed all the incidents that occurred at the home, he noticed that they all had one thing in common. The same situation with Jimmy has existed in every one of these strange occurrences since February 3rd. When they started tormenting the family, he noted that in every case Jimmy was near the affected object when it moved.


And in all cases, he possessed the strength to move the object himself. Okay. However, he did have difficulty accepting that Jimmy could have been the real cause for all the disturbances. He said there is the physical improbability of him having the speed to say, get back in bed fast enough after slow throwing that globe or the strength to throw figurines with the ex, the explosive force they display like denting the wood. So he ended up being driven to the theory, quote unquote, that had become the most popular and common at the time they had a Poltergeist and that it might be emanating from Jimmy. Yeah. Now, after following the story in the press and speaking with the Herrmanns and Detective Totie, JB Rhine, our, our scientist from before was convinced that whatever was happening in the house was at least worth investigating at this point.


So in early March, Ryan sent his trusted longtime assistant, Jay Gaither Pratt to Seaford in Long Island, along with a relatively new member of his research team. William Roll. William Roll was a German psychologist who'd been with the institute for like a little less than a year. The two researchers moved into the house and started investigating and they consulted with experts from RCA communications who were brought in to determine whether the house was being affected by radio waves or other disturbances in the electromagnetic field. Okay. They really tried to debunk everything here while the RCA scientists evaluated the house Pratt and roll, set out, out, out interviewing the members of the The family.


About like the beginning? Yeah. The beginning till now, according to James, he became convinced they had a supernatural problem on the morning of February 9th. He said he was talking to Jimmy who was in the bathroom brushing his teeth. And he said, I was standing in the doorway of the bathroom while Jimmy was brushing his teeth. And he said he told investigators, all of a sudden two Bottles were that were placed on the top of the vanity table, were seen to move. Both Bottles moved at the same time. Okay. That's weird. He insisted that both Bottles had previously been under the sink and were recently put on the table. So he concluded the caps had become unscrewed while they were under the sink.


Okay. He was witnessing the Bottles move on their own at that time. So he said, that's what made me think, okay, this isn't like gases or something, I'm something paranormal is happening here. Right. So since the phenomenon began in early February, the activity in the house really escalated day after day. And again, it became really aggressive, especially in the presence of non-family members in the house. Huh. But now that Pratt and roll two trained experts were in the house, The Poltergeist activity went completely quiet. The equipment set up by the RCA technicians registered no change in the electromagnetic activity in the home, didn't pick up any unusual radio waves.


So Pratt made it pretty clear going into this investigation, one of the researchers, that their objectives were very clear, That wasn to decide whether one Jimmy is deliberately causing these things to happen and cleverly concealing them because it is pretty clever how he's concealing them. Yeah. It is two that Jimmy is the agent for a Poltergeist Or three, sorry Jimmy. I'm thinking of Jimmy just like signing a Poltergeist, like being an agent, like an actual agent, like signing him on like, let's go. Getting him some opportunities. you know, we, we have an ad coming in for you, Jimmy. It's time to tour. Let's go. So it's like Jimmy from Hacks. There you go. Jimmy's the agent. So he's like, Poltergeist, it's time to tour.


Let's take the show on the road or three that there's a, a mixture of both. Yeah. That he's involved somehow, but not, not in the way we might think. Okay. Now within a few days, Pratt and Roll had all but ruled out the involvement of James and Lucille, the parents. And they ruled out Lucille, the daughter. Okay. Jimmy not asleep. Lucille, the daughter was often out of the house or was fully asleep when most of the incidents occurred. She said, baby, I'm catching up on my beauty Rose. Yeah. She said No, but the two identified Jimmy as the thing connecting all the events. Okay. Though they did draw, they stopped short of drawing any conclusions about how previously, you know, previously how he was involved.


But their suspicions caused everyone in the house, parents, researchers con the reporter to keep an extra close eye on Jimmy. Yeah. Now since the onset of The Poltergeist activity, like we said, That wasn everywhere, That wasn in the local regional national papers all the time. Readers had a really close look in on this family and the disturbances happening and the level of awareness that this caused was ki it kind of brought in like amateur sleuths. Yeah. Like what we would now have as a have as internet sleuths. Yep. Even back then in the fifties there's always SLS been sleuths had to write into the papers and call the police department with their shit.


and that this type of engagement can be interpreted as a kind of support, which was typically accompanied by ex explicit support from those following the story. But when the narrative shifted towards suspicions that Jimmy might be the cause of some of these disturbances, the public sentiment about the Herrmanns Poltergeist by then referred to as The Popper Poltergeist. You are so Boston. Every time you say I can't say polter, it's especially when you say Popper Poltergeist, I say I can't say two s. Yeah. It's like I can get one out but I can't get two. It's the Boston. Boston and you just said stop. Yeah. It allows one but it won't allow walk. It says you can park the car. I know. I can't say it. Right. That's funny. Popper Poltergeist. I actually don't like it that way. Popper Poltergeist.


So they were less sympathetic. Yeah. At this one. I would be, which also like, remember this kid is 12 everybody's That's true. He, I mean I wouldn't, I would just be like child Jimmy's, what is her like, it's like he all excited about both he wasting the whole world, bullying him, weighing him. But as public criticism of Jimmy, this 12-year-old boy grew. No, James Sr. Did what any parent would do and took to the press to defend his son. Yeah. And emphatically rejected the belief that Jimmy had anything to do with the activity in the house. Yeah. He said, because the scientists of this country can't come up with an answer to this. People are trying to make a scapegoat out of a 12-year-old boy who can't fight back. I mean Yeah. But James didn't stop there.


Oh, he went on to say he, he threatened to bar anyone from his home who openly questioned Jimmy's intentional involvement in this phenomenon. Which I understand the dad and him wanting to do that. 'cause I'd be like, fuck you don't come for my kid. That's the thing. I can understand his role as a parent being like, fuck you, you're not questioning my kid. But at the same time, you also wanna figure out what's going on in your house. Well and it put Pratt role into a lesser extent, Dave. Kahn into like a, A difficult position. Yeah. 'cause they're like, what if it is him? Because if they wanna find out what's happening here, if they wanna remain in the home and continue to do their work, they have to ignore the idea of the theory that Jimmy is doing it. And that's essentially, and that you really can't do that. That's not how the scientific method works. Exactly. And so, which is not good.


So despite the growing skepticism and near total lack of activity in the house at this point, Pratt and Roll continued the investigation. So Pratt said, I draw no conclusion, whatever whatsoever from the fact that there was no unusual occurrences after I came because there was so much turmoil in the house at that time. He said, you know, but nevertheless, the lack of activity made it unnecessary for the research just to stay in the house for very long while they were conducting the investigation. Right. So they just returned to Duke and continued the research from afar. Yeah, that makes sense. Does that sense? Like we don't need to be in the house. We didn't see anything right now, less than one day after Pratt and Roll left Long Island. It all began again. Huh?


A table in Jimmy's room crashed to the floor, breaking a crystal table lamp among other things. It's interesting now that it, like a lot of it is happening in Jimmy's room. Yeah. And the incident prompted another call to Detective Totes who rushed to the house as soon as he was called. And according to Totie, James reported that at the time his son was flat on his back in bed with the covers pulled up to his chin. So he couldn't have possibly caused the table to fall. That's according this kid, the father. Now, despite the convenient timing of the return of the activity, it does appear everyone involved remained unwilling to consider seriously whether Jimmy was causing the activity in the house. That's not great role said, and this was one of the researchers role, the fraud hypothesis would be easier to accept And I get this, the fraud hypothesis would be easier to accept if it could be supposed that the other members of the family were acting as Jimmy's accomplices.


Right. Like the parents. That is to say that, you know, Pratt and role would be more likely to accept the idea if That wasn a hoax if it wasn't a child. That was perpetuating this entire thing. Yeah. Pratt was equally emphatic in his rejection of the FRA fraud theory saying, I don't believe for a moment that there is any colossal hoax behind this. And these are two like very well respected, well respected researchers. Yeah. And they don't need to be in the house anymore, so they don't need to bullshit. Right, right. Like, so they're at least saying that, that they believe if there is a hoax happening, he's out at all. The whole family's involved. And. we can't seem to connect that. Right. And the other one is saying, I don't believe that there's a whole hoax here. I think there's something happening now.


While the e return of the activity was, you know, an exciting development for Pratt and roll, others were less enthusiastic. Totie like the family. Well, and Detective Totie, who's probably a little sick of this, yeah. He's like, he said, I have actual crimes to investigate. He literally said, it's the damnedest case I've ever worked on. I be, it's beginning to go on forever. And it's true because for what had been started as a call about like, you know, a weird disturbance, about a month earlier, the case had exploded and started attracting all this attention from all over the world. And all of That wasn rooted directly through Detective Joe Tze. By March Totie was spending a significant amount of time combing through the correspondences received by the Seventh Precinct on behalf of the Herrmanns.


Like people writing in to say, this is what I think is happening, this is what you should do, blah, blah, blah. And that's a lot of shit to comb through. Yeah. And this was a lot of letters on how to deal with the problems with suggestions raised ranging from Kill Your House. What does that exactly mean? I like that one. I don't kill your house. Like stab it, kill it, kill the house. Like shoot your house down. And another one was burn sulfur in every room. Oh God. Yeah. Another one was wave a white silk hanky in every room. Wave a white flag. So you know what Poulter I give off? Do you know what Poulter? Guys, this is you. I like that one. I we'll go to. It's my face. This one's my favorite. Buy a horse.


That's, it's, you know why? That's it. That's the tweet. Horses have mysterious powers, so just buy one. I agree that horses, horses are mysterious Fuck, they're, they're mysterious, but it's kind of like adding a lot of expenses. And as much as Detective Totie would've liked to move on to more pressing matters, he was ordered to keep a close eye on this now wildly popular story. Yeah. He said The brass doesn't like anything to happen around here they don't know about. So he's like, so now I am stuck. Here I am.


Life doesn't happen biweekly. So why should payday? The money you earn can be in your hands today with Earnin. Earnin is an app that gives you access to your pay as you work up to a hundred dollars per day or up to $750 per pay period. Just download the Earnin app and verify your paycheck, then access up to a hundred dollars a day as you work and leave an optional tip. Any money you access plus tips are automatically repaid from your next paycheck. I feel like sometimes you're working and unexpected things happen and you're like, crap, I don't have my paycheck yet. Like, I, I just have to wait until I have my paycheck. But life doesn't really wait for you like that. Like, you know what, If, you need to go on an unexpected trip to the vet, God forbid. Or your mom's birthday is coming up and you completely forgot to get her something. But you don't have the money now because your paycheck hasn't hit yet. Well, that's why you need Earnin because you can access that pay. Guys, download Earnin today spelled E-A-R-N-I-N in the Google Play or Apple App Store. When you download the earnin app, type in Morbid under podcast when you sign up, it'll really help the show. Morbid under podcast. Subject to your available earnings location daily max and pay period max. See earnin.com/toss for details. Earnin is a financial technology company, not a bank. Bank products are issued by Evolve Bank and Trust member FDIC.


So by mid-March, it seemed even The Poltergeist had kind of grown tired of the whole thing. Yeah. As six days, then 10, then 20 passed in the The house without a single incident. Okay. Despite the quiet in the house, enthusiasm and interest in the case definitely remained Members of the public were still calling, sending letters, even dropping by the house. Oh, I don't like that. Stay outta, stay outta my house. Yeah. James told a reporter on March 17th, two couples were over here with Ouija boards. Oh. Not sure what they were trying to do, but I didn't let them in. Do you think I want the whole house to fall down around our ears? He said he has popper energy. He's like, get the fuck outta here. Get the fuck outta here.


Get a life. So the sudden end to the activity was surprising to James and Lucille The, which is all the sudden was done. Yeah. That wasn just done, who'd been dealing with daily destruction of their home for over a month. Yeah. But Prat explained that in his experience, some things such things tend to end that way. Lucille said, he said that whatever force had been causing it just goes away. And usually they don't come back. While the Herrmanns were certainly happy to have some peace and quiet in their home. The Abrupted like unceremonious end to the situation. Yeah. Public doesn't like that. No, we don't. We don't like things Just say low. We like a need bow. Yeah. We need to know what's going on because they've been closely following the case and they wanted an explanation.


I want want an explanation. So a short time later, Pratt and roll provided the family with their report. Finally. Okay. The researchers counted a total of 67 incidents. Wow. 64 in which an object moved on its own. Okay. And three in which unexplained thumping could be heard somewhere in the house. Okay. The so roll wrote Gaither And I spent 10 days with the family under circumstances, which we felt gave us quote, close acquaintance with all of its members And. we were unable to accept the family hoax hypothesis as a reasonable one. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. The research has concluded that after ruling out fraud and other possible explanations, the RSPK hypothesis had to be taken seriously for this case.


RSPK is recurrent spontaneous psychokinesis. Hmm. That wasn a popular theory among those at the Duke lab for explaining the decidedly unscientific old world explanation of ghosts and Poltergeist. Yeah. In roles theory, a person, and in many cases children can produce a discharge of psychic energy strong enough to disrupt the zero point gravity of an object. That's really, which is the fucking awesome, the thing that keeps it in place. It's Matilda, which ca There you go. Which exactly. Which causes it to appear as though it has flown across the room on its own. Huh? This is more commonly observed in cases where the individual is in a highly aroused or unsettled emotional or psychological state.


AKA puberty such as adolescents going through puberty. Yep. Roll, wrote The Poltergeist has a reputation of being elusive, if not plain evasive. This was not true in seaford. Things sometimes happen in full view of people and when outsider visitors were present. Yeah. So while the researchers were unable to conclusively prove a cause of the activity, they were inclined to believe it supported the theory of RSPK. Yeah. They were satisfied they had that the activity was most likely unintentionally caused by Jimmy. Okay. This seemed inadequate explanation for some people. Made sense. I'm happy. Especially those who are eager to just like move on with the story. Yeah. You get bored of a story after, after a while.


Like when you're experiencing it. Yeah. But not everyone found the RSPK theory to be satisfactory. You're never gonna satisfy everyone. You never are as hard as you try. Nope. In their own report on the incident, the parapsychology foundation of New York concluded that Jimmy was most likely the culprit. Everyone leave Jimmy. Leave Jimmy alone. And they noted that he might have caused the disturbances by normal means if he so wished, well, you know what? Maybe he was just vibing in these streets. Maybe. What the fuck else are you gonna do at 12 years old? I don't know. So, you know, although they were unable to prove their belief that Jimmy had intentionally caused the disturbances. That group, the parapsychology group was headed by former Duke Parapsychology lab researcher, Carlos Ois.


I really love that name. They pointed out to the suspicious timing of the events, which this will give you a little bit of a pause. Oh no. They wrote disturbances during school hours occurred only on weekends in the evenings after 8:30 PM when according to Mr. The, Jimmy had gone to bed. The, the phenomenon occurred at that point, either in his room or in places near his bedroom door. Jimmy, in the hours when the children might definitely be assumed to be asleep, nothing happened. Well this was their working theory. OIS was quick to add. Of course this is not an accusation, but merely one possible explanation. Yeah. The presence of James The Jr.


Jimmy, in all likelihood was a necessary condition for the occurrence of the phenomena. So they're not necessarily saying accusing did this, but he's gotta be awake and in the house they're saying his presence is needed. We're not saying he did this intentionally. Yeah. But we're not, not saying he did this intentionally. We're saying it's a possibility. While Ssus in the Parapsychology Foundation may have kind of hedged their bets with that one, they, they definitely avoided blaming Jimmy out. Right. Which is nice. Yeah. That is nice. Skeptical investigator. Joe Nichol had no problems placing the blame where he thought it belonged. In his review of the evidence years later, Nickell wrote, wrote, taken as a whole, the evidence strongly points to 12-year-old James The Jr.


As having been the deliberate cause of the Seaford Poltergeist outbreak. The motive means and opportunity were his and the case was unwittingly prolonged by the credulousness of adults. So Nickell points to the effect efforts made by magician Milborne Christopher to explain the phenomena in 1958, which inclu included an extensive recreation of the bottle popping and other incidents that he performed for Roland Pratt. So he was like, this can be done. Right. But by a 12-year-old. Yeah, po possible. Yeah. But it's just like Whoa, you know, like that's a lot. Yeah. It's advanced. He said Pratt had no idea of the simplicity with which the effects were accomplished and Ro imagined that James' tricks would've had to have been produced by special devices, which it would've been installed, operated and removed in the presence of adult witnesses.


So he was saying like, Pratt and Roll were under the impression that whatever was happening here was advanced would've been very advanced in something that he would've had devices to do. But not necessarily. But then Nickell was able to show him like some kind of like magician shit. Like kind of like sleight of hand. Okay. Thing that he was like, you really don't need that advanced of Yeah. you know, but like, did Jimmy know about this? Does a 12-year-old know how to do that? I don't know. Could if he's into magic and shit. But it's interesting. And like you said, like the family was connected to scientists. Exactly. So who knows what conversations he sat in on. Yeah. Or Eves dropped on even. And it's worth noting again too, that the only reason Pratt and roll really ruled out the hoax theory was that they couldn't fathom any of the adults in the house having been involved.


Yeah. They really didn't believe the adults were involved in this and they couldn't accept the fact that Jimmy would've been able to execute this entire hoax on his own. But then Nichols kinda showing them like he might've been able to. Yeah. But he's also not proving in conclusively that he could do all of it. He's just saying like some of the stuff you're a little like iffy on, here's how he could done, probably could've done that. Right. Now those who have investigated the case during and after the incidents, they agreed on very little That wasn. There was a lot of different theories going on. Everyone's kind of yelling at each other. But most do appear to be of one mind when it came for the motive for the activity. Like we said, like Pratt and roll. And a couple of other people said the psychokinesis that they were talking about how it can happen when somebody's in like a very highly emotional or disturbed state.


Yeah. So they figured that the destruction was caused unintentionally maybe or intentionally. But they said either way they think the motive might've been Jimmy's allegedly poor relationship with what they referred to as his demanding and generally unsupportive father. Oh, that's a bummer. But again, I didn't expect that. Yeah. And in the psychological evaluations of Jimmy and Lucille, the kids at this time, the child psychologist concluded that Jimmy demonstrated passive demandingness hostility to father figures and personal violence and isolation of effect. Oh wow. That's a lot. For a 12-year-old they took to believe, to be repressed feelings of anger towards his father.


That's really sad. So that is, that can go either way. That can go with did he intentionally do this for attention? Was what was that or was it subconsciously, you know, or was this some kind of strange like Poltergeist phenomen feeding off of his phenomenon that happens because of his highly agitated and emotional state li almost like Carrie. Yeah. Yeah. Like could it be either? Sure. Yeah, I could see both. Oh that makes me so sad. When the dad came out and said, you know, like nobody is like allowed to Yeah, that's okay. Accused my son. I was like, yeah, well and that's why like I don't know a lot about their relationship so I don't wanna sit here and like speculate that they had this awful relationship and everything and That wasn the fifties parenting That wasn really That wasn fifties.


Remember That wasn that. So I don't know if anybody really had like the ideal relationship with her father back then. No. He did come to bat for Jimmy during this whole thing, but I don't know what their relationship was before that. And, we do have a child psychologist who's saying he seems to have anger towards his father. Yeah. So take with that, you know what he will. But again, we don't have all the facts of that. So allegedly, mm. There were of course other theories as to the cause of the disturbances and the most interesting and outlandish were definitely offered interestingly by younger readers of the papers who'd been following the story and wanted to weigh in. Okay. One 14-year-old reader wrote in, it's the pressure in the Bottles. That's what's making them pop.


That's it. I mean, okay. Lene. But then the reader went on to say, I can also tell you what isn't the cause of these events. What's not, it isn't Martians or things on other planets as some seem to believe. Don't blame it on the Soviet Union or any other country either. Huh. Another reader, hot take 15-year-old Sandy. She said the Soviets might have done have something to do with the events, but why it's only happening in only one house. Well that's a great question. Sandy Ba Sandy grew up to be a conspiracy theorist. So Jesus Christ. So, so we must ask, was That wasn it a Poltergeist, recurrent, spontaneous psychokinesis, the Soviet or childish prank that caused the The household to explode for one month?


1958? I guess we'll never fucking know. I'm killing to bet it wasn't the Soviet to this, to this day, we don't know. I know it's not Martians, And I know it's not the Soviets. We don't know whether it's a Poltergeist, recurrent, spontaneous psychokinesis. The Soviets are a childish prank. It could be any of those based off like what I, I've heard today, I would like to think that That, wasn Poltergeist and maybe influenced and like put on a little bit longer by Jim. Jim. I could see that by Jim. Jim. Jim, Jim. Now after the media interest in the story died down, they just kinda like the family just settled back into their lives. Like James Senior, you know, unsuccessfully ran for public office before retiring from his job.


Okay. Lucille got a part-time job as a school nurse after the kids moved outta the house. Okay. And Jimmy maintained that he had absolutely nothing to do with the activity in the house. Alright. He did not intentionally do it. Alright. Or intentionally, I should say. Yes. He said maybe That wasn my vibes, but it wasn't, maybe my vibes were off, but it wasn't my vibe. but it wasn't my fault. He said, I did not do that. And according to the Herrmanns, they never had another experience like those in 1958. Wow. James told a reporter in 1987, not a thing is ha is happening around the house now. Everything's been peaceful and quiet every day since it stopped in 1958. Interesting. Jimmy graduated from college and went on to become the president of an electronics company and North and Dova, Massachusetts.


Jimmy. Yeah. Whoa. you know, where was The? House of Flying Objects. That wasn in Long Island. Oh, long Island. Long Island. Right. Of course. Although the Herrmanns themselves may have like kind of just faded back into domesticity, you know, by, I love Domesticity, which is good for them. Their story definitely lived on past, past those that one year. Here we are, it Be That wasn the subject of everything from, you know, TV talk show fodder. 'cause remember that back then. That wasn, like all about that shit. Oh hell yeah. Like Ed and Lorraine were on talk shows. Like there was TV movie plots and even again, one of the biggest ones, the main inspiration for Stephen Spielberg and Toby Hooper's, 1982 horror film.


Poltergeist Poltergeist. Poltergeist Poltergeist. They're definitely like since then, since 1958, there's obviously been some like way more frightening and intense phenomenon that we can't explain. But the story of Sea's, house of Flying Objects is definitely going to always have the distinction of being really the first modern paranormal investigation in the United States. It's really cool. And the first obsessively documented and like, and handled by the American press. Yeah. Like this, this is the one that really was the first one to get the attention of the American press and just take it. It really popped off. It really popped off. So whatever you think is what you think And that's fine because I don't have a fucking clue.


But I think, I think the vibes are off. So I think the vibes were off. I think we can all agree that the vibes were off. I think, I don't think, I don't think 12-year-old Jimmy meant any harm. And I. Don't think he did all of it. Yeah. I really dont. I don't think he, well, intentionally, I really don't think he meant any harm. If he had anything to do with it. I don't. And it seems like the family recovered after that and they went on to live peacefully and quietly. So good. Good for them. Great. Good. you know? Awesome. And hopefully his relationship with his dad, if it wasn't great, I hope it got better. Allegedly. Yeah. Perfect. Me too. you know what an interesting story, A very interesting story. I liked that one because it's got a little spookiness to it, but it's more just like an interesting look at like, like the, the hoax of it all.


Mm. And the scientific investigation of it all. I liked that part. Like the scientific investigation. Yeah. 'cause they took it really seriously. Interesting. And they didn't get, I like when they actually like genuinely scientifically investigate Look at versus like the Ed and Lorraine kind of investigation. Yes. That's, I think those are cool. But like we've talked about them a lot. So That wasn interesting to hear. Like a different kind of investigation, like a straight up look at it using the scientific method. Yeah. Kind of thing. I like, I I like that they do that. 'cause that's why I love, I I think it's Ghost Hunters. It's, it's taps, right? Yeah. I always confused Ghost Adventures, ghost Hunters, ghost whatever. I'm alm I'm like 99% positive that Ghost Hunters is Taps and then Ghost Adventures is Zach Vegas.


Yes. Yeah. But precisely the Ghost Hunters taps. I really love. Yeah. That's why I always loved that show. 'cause I just love the spooky vibes of the show show and the approach. And it's like they're from Rhode Island, so it's like they're Rhode Island and, but they go about it intentionally going into debunk and then they let things take it from there. But they don't go in being like, I think this is a ghost. They go in being like, I think something is up here and I'm gonna figure out what it is. It's like Scooby-Doo. I like that. But different. That's a good way to go into in my opinion. Yeah. Personally, that's how you would do it. A paranormal investigation is to go in with the intention of debunking and be surprised if you're surprised. I think a lot of paranormal happenings are related to science.


Yeah. Like in some way, shape or form. It's all energy. It's all energy. you know, drink every time I say that. And you know what, one of the real stars of this is Helen Connolly from Reve. I think everybody, Paul went out for Helen. 74-year-old. Helen was just out here being like, you know what, you know what? I had the, the same fucking thing happen to me in April. She said, That wasn crazy. That wasn crazy. My artificial fireplace. Like Popper. What is an artificial fireplace? I think it's like one of those like literally fake little fireplaces. Like a, like a movable fireplace. Like a, what's that fucking called? I, that's why I can't, A space heater. Yeah. Almost like a space heater. Oh, okay. But I think it like looks like a little fire place. Oh, okay.


Okay. Like it's got the aesthetic alright of a little fireplace, but that shit like popper, that's terrifying. Those things are also so dangerous. Be careful with those. They're be very careful around those things. Especially as we get into the winter months. Yes. Be careful about your space. Heat is, but yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Helen forever. Helen, I really liked that case. Thanks. Dave. And. I. Hope Jimmy's. I hope Jimmy's doing well. Me too. He seems to be. He's the president of electronics company. I hope he's killing it. Cool. Jimmy. you know so well. I hope you guys are doing well too. Yeah. We also hope that you keep listening And. we hope you keep it, but not so weird that you don't sign off in your revie accent. I know. Bye.


If, you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is a true story of how I ended up In a race against Time to warn those who lives were In Danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wondery app or Wherever, you get your podcasts. you can listen to Kill, List and more Exhibit C true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wander Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery app for all your true crime listening.