(0s):
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.

(18s):
You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast From the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.

(57s):
Attention Morbid listeners. Your feline royalty deserves only the best. CATT has everything you need to treat your cat like the king or queen that they are. Innovative bulls, cozy beds, playful toys, and more. Pamper your kitty with CATT and make their purs louder than any true cry mystery Shop Cat it products by visiting Amazon or Catt us, us, us. Promo code Morbid for 20% off your Caot purchase.

(1m 21s):
Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. This Is Morbid. Morbid, Morbid, Morbid, Morbid. There you go. It's kind of like Morbid in. Yeah. No, it's very much like Morbid in the morning. It's much Morbid in the morning. We woke up so early this morning that you could tell me it was 11:00 AM right now. Yeah. And I'd be like, yeah, totally. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. We're doing some yo some yoga in the morning. We're yo girls we're yogis? Yeah, pretty much.

(2m 1s):
I felt like a yogi today. 'cause sometimes the instructor, like most of the time she does it with us. Like so I can look at her and be like, what the fuck are we? What we doing? But today, Uhuh and I, I mostly knew what I was doing. Yeah. I mostly knew, oh, I'm an honest girl sometimes. I was like, the fuck, where are we? Like which warrior are we in? Yeah. The warriors I have down she, we did a lizard. I said, what? You said, what's a lizard? I said, lizard. Lizard feels great. And sometimes when we were like doing that like three dog thing, I was still flowing down. Yeah. And then like everybody else was three dogging. And I was still open hearted. Three dog. I don't know. I like that.

(2m 41s):
Yeah. I like that a lot. Yeah. It, it feels good though. It feels nice. Feels good. Yeah. I feel good. I feel like I'm getting stronger. And it clears your mind. It does. But you kinda zone out for a little while. It's a great way to start the morning. Especially super early. 'cause we do it before. Even like anyone, my kids wake up. Yeah. So that's nice. 'cause It's like then I'm fully awake and ready to go. Yeah. By the time they come rolling down the stairs And you've like had some you time. Yeah. I think that's important as a mama Sita. Oh it is very, very recommended. If you can get yourself up before your kids in the morning. Yeah. Just to give yourself, even If you, you don't have to do anything productive. You can just sit. Oh yeah. If you want. I'd argue just sit in the silence. I'd argue that's productive for You.

(3m 21s):
Watch a, watch something on TV that you never get to watch. Yeah. Because no one, you don't get the TV The other morning. Like just even having just that hour. Yeah. Even just an hour. Yeah. Before your kids wake up. I'm telling you, it makes a difference. Yeah. And If you don't have kids, it's also just nice to have like Yeah. To be the only one awake in your house. No. Like the other morning I think you like overslept or something. And I was like, oh, I'm not going with other, I could've very much, but I said no. But I stayed up and I just read some of my book for like an hour. Mm. Like five to six. I just sat see in my like dark living room with my like mood lighting and red. I was like, bitch, Like I love it. Speaking of reading. Oh yeah.

(4m 2s):
Speaking of reading, you got some Stuff to Tell us. We're a recording this well ahead of time because you know life. But, so I thi by the time this comes out, I think we'll we'll have a whole new like ecosystem coming about by the time this comes out. Absolutely. But I'm just kidding. But by the time this comes out, the paperback of the butcher game is gonna be out and available for pre-order. I'm excited. It will be out officially on August 12th, I believe. And I'm excited. But you pre-order it now. It's so early. I don't have a link. But we'll try to throw one in the show notes. So the link is in the show notes right now. Check it.

(4m 42s):
So do it. Pre-order it. Everyone loves a paperback. The paperback is nice. Yeah. You know I only Love that it have the galley of the paperback. I want the Yeah. The fin deal. You Need the fin deal. I have the galley. I have the hardcover. Now I need the paperback. Now you need the paperback. I paperback is good. You can throw it in your bag. Yeah you can. You can bend it If you want to. She might get mad At you. I want, you know, I won't get mad at you as long as you don't bend my copy of it. Okay. Fair. Which is fine. 'cause I don't lend it out so well. I lend, I never lend out books. It's true. She doesn't. One time you gave me a book, But you made me essentially sign a contract. Yeah. Saying I wouldn't doggy. But You wouldn't. Doggy herb.

(5m 22s):
It's not worth borrowing a book from you. It's not. I make it very not worth it Really quickly. I'm so excited. I can't wait for the paperback to come out. Is there a date? You're like, really quickly forget this. No, I was like, wait, before I move on. Lemme, I'm so excited. Lemme fully acknowledge how excited I'm No, I'm very excited. But is there a date? There is. So it's already out for pre-order, but it's, I think it's gonna be out officially August 12th. August 12th. I like that date. Yeah. Nine 12. I love August. August is eight. You fucking idiot Of myself. August is right before fall. That's time baby. It's Right before fall. We're getting there. Yeah. August. It's so close to fall.

(6m 3s):
August. Fall. I need, I feel fall in my bones already. No, let Us get through the summer first. Okay. No. You know what I'm sick of. What are you sick of? I'm Sick of any time I, every year I get to this exact spot and I say I need fall. And you know what I hear from everybody? Let us get through something. I'm not stopping you. I'm not stopping a whole season from coming and going. I'm not putting some kind magic into the air. You makes it Stop. You are putting magic into the air. Man. I want fall. You know your manifesting. 'cause John Does the same thing. He's like, let us get through something. I'm like, I'm letting You, oh my God. Calm down. You Easy Person. Never.

(6m 43s):
Mikey. What of these weird, just like weird things you're doing with your vocal chords. It's like wha, I'm scared Because I'm Mad. I'm scared. I'm mad. I'm not Stopping summer. No, But you are putting magic in the air. You're like manifesting that summer goes by fast. Yeah. And I don't want it to. Yeah. Too bad. So that's why I said stop. I'm gonna Manifest. Go fast. Listen, I like fall too. All I want in my goddamn life is to go. And this is, I'm a Disney adult and I don't care. I'm gonna say it out loud and I don't care. All I want in my goddamn life is to go to fucking Disney World for October. Like I crave that so badly.

(7m 24s):
So I can't wait for fall. But then every time fall comes around, it's fucking hurricane season. In Florida. In Florida, Yeah. So I can't go. I mean, I never want to leave New England. I know. During the fall and Refuse, like, kind refuse to. I know. We're Just stating our wants now. So there's that. So that's my want. So hurricane season actually works in my favor. I'm under biting at her. I'm under biting this speech now. Like I'm not traveling during that time. So I want to, so bad. No, I'm sorry. Maybe this year's the year. Maybe it's the year. Maybe 20, 25 maybe. Oh, I wanna go and I wanna like see like the, like it be like the pumpkin in the center and everything.

(8m 5s):
And get the merch. Yeah. In the, in the party. I wanna go. I want that for you. Thank you. You know. Thanks. You're Welcome. Thank you. Thank you. I had a moment. I won't, I won't yell at you about that. That's good. You can't yell at me anymore. You already yelled at me real big. 'cause I'm not stopping summer. I'm just gonna talk about fall all through summer. That's the, that's the thing is Yeah, the whole time we're all enjoying summer. You're saying fall Now. Now what did you say at the beginning of that sentence? The whole time that we are enjoying summer, we're Still enjoying, you're Still enjoying Summer. We're still enjoying. I can talk about fall and everybody can still enjoy their summer. This woman, Goddamn This woman.

(8m 48s):
We're gonna get in an actual fight again. We've been match recording too much lately. We have too many match Recording. People are like, are they gonna break up? No, we fine. Literally never. We're not allowed. We fine. But speaking of, you know, things that you don't No, I have nothing. I I don't have a way to s to segue. It has been too many patch recordings. 'cause I've lost my ability to segue and then my coffee almost came through my nose. No, I don't have anything. I don't have it. I thought it was gonna, you know how sometimes when you don't have something to say, you just keep going. You, you're like, just talk and it'll form itself. Sometimes that works.

(9m 28s):
Can I tell you that's how I get through my everyday life. Yeah. Not here though. That didn't work. It doesn't always. So I'll, I'm just gonna go right into it. What we're gonna cover today is The Crimes of Robert Durst. Of course not. Fred Durst from Limp Bizkit Different. We're talking about he wants to break stuff. He does. He wants to break stuff and, but we're talking about The Jinx. Of course. The of course there's, if you've watched the documentary, The Jinx So good. I highly recommend you do it. It's fascinating. And the theme song. Oh, oh, the theme song. Fresh Blood is a plus. Is it The Eels? Yeah, it is. Wow. Bitch, check me out. Impressive. Thank you. Yeah. I immediately put it on a playlist when I watched it, but So good.

(10m 9s):
It's a really horrifying documentary. It's scary. It's upsetting, but it's fascinating. It's all that stuff. Yeah. And they caught that very infamous chitter chatter In the bathroom. In the bathroom on his hot mic there. And at one point, the way he says, of course, in that clip he's like, of course. Of course. Course. It's like a very specific way. He says it. And Ash says, of course, like that. And I've noticed it, but not intentionally. Not intentionally. She just, that's how she, she says she'll be like, oh, like, yeah, I'll drive. Of course. Like she just says it, it just like naturally happens. And every time she says it, I'm like, okay, jinx. Like, I can't, it's stupid. I can't stop.

(10m 50s):
So that, that's just in my brain right now. But of course, let's get to the very beginning because I think a lot of people know The Jinx documentary. They know the name Robert Durst. They might know a little bit about it, but like there's, so this is a really scary case. It's involved. He's a very scary man. Yeah, he did a lot. So we're gonna start with the murder of Morris Black. Okay. Which is a very gruesome, very sad thing. Yeah. So on the morning of September 30th, 2011, David Avena set out for Galveston Bay for just to, you know, just to go fishing with his kids. He had his 13-year-old son, James and his 8-year-old daughter, Elise.

(11m 32s):
They were really just like, it's, this isn't like a big thing. They were just going out to kinda like hang out together, lazily fish. So they set themselves up on the shoreline. They just put their lines in the water and just sat down and waited for fish to bite. That's how it goes. That's how it goes. So somewhat bored with this whole thing though is 13-year-old James. He was like, I'm just gonna wander down the beach a little bit because I'm just staring at a fishing pole right now. And at 13 you don't wanna do that. Probably. Yeah. So he goes down the Rocky Beach and he hears his father calling him back because he was asking him to come help reel in some of the lines. Apparently. Oh shit. Got excited. Shit Got excited when he left. That's What Ha Well, that's what always happens. You leave, it's in the, in the fish bite. Exactly.

(12m 12s):
So as James wandered back to his father and sister, he saw something in the water and he saw something floating and he was like, huh. So he just stared at it for a couple of seconds, kind of trying to like reconcile what he was looking at. Yeah. And he said it was just like a pinkish blob. But he was like, but he was weird. It was weird looking. It just didn't look like anything he had seen before. And then it dawned on him and he said, oh, I'm pretty sure that's a piece of a human body. Oh, and he's 13. That's Awful. No kid. I Should have to see that.

(12m 51s):
It seems like everything is connected to your gut microbiome. Like everything, your brain is connected to all that. I feel like sometimes if your gut's all messed up, then you get brain fog. A fact is we are learning so much about how the gut microbiome is key to our mental health immunity and of course digestion. If you are looking for digestive support, Ritual has got your back. Or rather your Biome with Symbiotic Plus, which is a three in one supplement of clinically studied pre-pro and Postbiotics to support a balanced gut microbiome with daily use. I'm obsessed with Symbiotic Plus. I've been actually using it myself for at least six months. I would say probably over. And you know, I'm gonna be very real with you right now. I'm a regular girly now, and that's a fun thing for me. I also feel like I'm not experiencing as much brain fog as I was in the past. And overall my gut health just feels a lot better. Ritual Symbiotic Plus is designed with a delayed release capsule to help reach the colon, not the stomach. An ideal place for probiotics to survive and grow. So get your gut going. Support a balanced gut microbiome with Ritual Symbiotic. Plus, get 25% off your first month at Ritual dot com slash Morbid. That's Ritual dot com slash Morbid for 25% off your first month.

(14m 5s):
When it comes to spending, sometimes it's outta sight, outta mind. That daily Coffee Habit I have one. Those streaming subscriptions they add up fast without you even noticing. Rocket Money though can help you spot those patterns so that you can do something about them and keep more money in your pocket. Who doesn't love that? Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, see all your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. For ones that you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can actually help you cancel those. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. You can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help you keep that spending on track. You can see your monthly spending trends in each category too, to know where your money is going. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.

(15m 21s):
So James yelled to his father and he said, there's a body over here, but David Aina was like, yeah, he's definitely joking. And he's probably trying to get his sister all freaked out. Like, that's very 13-year-old boy to do. Yeah. So David dropped what he was doing and ran over to James and he was expecting to see, you know, maybe an animal in the water or something like inanimate just floating in the water. But it was not an animal and it was not something inanimate. Oh, David Avena had been a surgical nurse, and so he was very well versed on the human body. What are the odds and yeah. Right. And he immediately knew what was floating in the Bay had definitely once been part of a human body.

(16m 1s):
Oh man. Specifically, it was the trunk portion of a man. Oh. But the head, arms and legs were missing. Damn. Which must have been horrifying to see. Yeah. So he let his kids back to the car and immediately called the police and they arrived on the scene. A few minutes later now the remains removed, removed from the water. And while they were doing that, police shore patrol agents were fanning out across the beach looking for any additional evidence any more remains. And several hours into the search, long after the sun had gone down, investigators found about 80 feet offshore. Three garbage bags containing more of this victim's remains. Oh man.

(16m 41s):
The short time after that, more bags were found down the shore and those contained the rest of the man's remains. My goodness. According to the technician who performed the autopsy, the remains were that of an elderly white man in his seventies. It's So sad. You make it to 70 years old. Old. And That's how you go out. The cause of death was a 22 caliber gunshot wound to the face. All indications were that the dismemberment had occurred post postmortem. Okay. More interesting than the remains themselves was that there was a lot of other stuff mixed in with these remains. There was a lot of pieces of garbage. Basically cash register receipts for garbage bags, a drop cloth, a $6 99 bow saw.

(17m 22s):
They also in the bags, they also found bloody towels. One flip flop, one shower shoe, a piece of tan fabric, like a bunch of blue plastic cups, used paper towels and a copy of USA today from two days earlier. Huh. And the, the address label was still on the USA today. Oh. When they scoured the shoreline, they also found a blue bed sheet and a pair of men's underwear. Okay. So a lot of stuff. Yeah, that's a lot. A lot of stuff. So investigators ran the victim's fingerprints and identified him as 71-year-old. Morris Black. Morris Black was a resident of Galveston. He did have a criminal record, but it was just minor offenses. Yeah.

(18m 2s):
People who knew him, they didn't have the kindest things to say about him. They called him gruff. They called him short tempered. He was very demanding. That kind of thing. They didn't call him like he was this horrible monster. Yeah. It was just like, he was kind of like Mudge, a grumpy older dude. Kind of like, yeah. Short-tempered a Galveston business. AR owner said D of dealing with Morris Black. No matter how busy we were, he would break in and demand that I stop everything and see him. And black sister Trudy kinda gave a similar description she said of her brother, if he had a disagreement, he'd go protest. He'd march in front of the building, he could make enemies. Oof. So he had a little bit of a reputation.

(18m 42s):
So investigators were like, all right there. There's probably at least one person that might want, have wanted to hurt him. Right. But the more they interviewed his neighbors and acquaintances, they realized that it wasn't that. Like he was like a bad guy. And it's not like they really didn't find, they were like, I don't think he would've attracted a killer. He seems like he's just kind of like a, like a nuisance. Yeah. Like he just kind of bought, he rubs people the wrong way, essentially. Like, he's not like threatening people or like Yeah, he's out in these streets making enemies and he's not, it didn't seem like he was pissing people off to the point of like, you could have attracted somebody like that. Yeah. You know what I mean? So when their interviews with friends and acquaintances turned up nothing. Investigators visited Morris Black's H Home, and that was the address that they had found on the USA today copy when they arrived there, which it was a fourplex on a quiet street.

(19m 31s):
And investigators took a look around the outside of the building just to look for anything basically. And inside one of the trash cans, they found an empty black garbage bag that matched the bags that Morris black's remains were discovered in. Hmm. They also found the packaging for the drop cloth found with the body and a large amount of paper towels that matched those found in the bags, and they found a bunch of other items that connected the apartment building to the murder. Okay. So a search of the second trash can turned up even more evidence. I mean, it's crazy, including a 22 caliber pistol and a spent shell casing. Whoa. And a receipt for an eye exam addressed to one of the residents, Robert Durst.

(20m 13s):
Hmm. Whose address was across the hall from Black's apartment. Okay. Now, according to the landlord, Klaus Diman, no one by the name of Durst, Robert Durst lived in that building. He said, no, the person in the place across the street, the hall from Black, that there's a quote, nice middle-aged lady named Dorothy Sinner. So the landlord told detectives that sinner had lived in the apartment since 2000. Apparently they had moved in about a month after Morris Black. And the woman had never caused any problems. Okay. So they were like, I don't know what you're talking about. But Diman did add that it wasn't sinner herself who had rented the apartment, but her brother-in-law, her brother-in-law had made all the arrangements over the phone because Sinner had some kind of condition with her larynx so she could not speak.

(21m 1s):
Okay. In fact, they said, he said in the few times when Sinner and him had communicated at all, she had done so through handwritten notes. Okay. And finally Diman said Yes. He had met the brother-in-law once and had seen him on a few occasions, and he'd never actually seen the two of them together. Actually, weird, strangely, like meaning sinner and the brother-in-law. Strange. When investigators searched black and sinner's apartments, it was clear they'd found the crime scene in both apartments. There was blood on the walls and floors, as well as a blood trail leading across the hall from one apartment to the other. Well, that'll tell you. Yep. In sinner's apartment detectors found a four inch pairing knife and a pair of bloody boots.

(21m 43s):
Oof. They also discovered blood outside the apartment building in the parking lot. And one of the other tenants, Maria da de Hernandez, told detectives that on the night of Morris Black's murder, she had seen a man loading black garbage bags into a silver Honda in the parking lot. And she didn't recognize that man, that's terrifying. So as crime scene technicians process sinner's apartment, what they found painted a very strange picture of who lived there. Although Sinner had lived in the apartment for nearly a year, it was like very little furniture hidden here. There was a futon, a small table, and a television. The refrigerator was completely empty, and the stove appeared as though it had never once been used.

(22m 23s):
That's weird. It also looked as though someone had gone out of their way to thoroughly scrub the floors. But when they pulled up the tile on the floor, they found a large amount of blood had seeped through and soaked the boards underneath. Oh. Analysis of the blood would prove that it was Morris Black's blood. Now, based on the statement from the neighbor, investigators ran a check for any vehicles res registered to sinner's address that matched the description of the silver Honda. And they learned that Robert Durst had registered just such a vehicle there. Hmm. When they showed Klaus Diman a photo of Durst, he acknowledged that he looked like the man he'd assumed to be sinner's brother-in-law imagine that.

(23m 5s):
But more importantly, he also bore a pretty striking resemblance to Dorothy Sinner herself. Strange. In fact, the more Diman looked at the photo of Durst, the more he was like, oh, that is actually him. Like that is Robert Durst. Dorothy Sinner is Robert Durst Wild. Can you imagine it? Robert Durst had lived there. How many years Did you say? Four, I think. Yeah. At least like a, he had moved in right after, or Dorothy Sinner had moved in right after Morris Black. That's wild. Yeah. Which is kind of crazy. The handful of interactions Doman had had with Dorothy Sinner had all been quite brief and really, like I said before, only through notes.

(23m 48s):
Yeah. So it had never occurred to him that sinner could have been anyone other than who she was saying she was. Yeah. Why would you think Anything else? Why would you That Given what they'd found in the apartments and the information collected from witnesses, it was clear to investigators that there was no dit Dorothy Sinner, and the main suspect in the murder of Morris Black was Robert Durst. Okay. Now, A few days later, on October 9th, a patrol officer spotted the silver Honda and pulled the driver over. When the officer asked for id the driver handed him a holiday in Express Hotel card with the name Jim Truss. That Is not identification, sir. Yeah. Obviously this was not what the officer was asking for. So he was like, Hey, step out of the car, and he placed this man in custody.

(24m 29s):
When the officer searched through the vehicle, he found a bag of marijuana, a nine millimeter handgun, and a bow saw similar to the one purchased with the other items days earlier, Not day-to-day travel items, Not day-to-day travel items. At first, investigators suspected this was the saw used in the dismemberment, but when the autopsy was complete, the medical examiner actually confirmed that whoever did the dismemberment had used a pairing knife to cut away the muscle. Then used a hack saw to remove the limbs. Oh My. Now this man that was arrested on the side of the road was Robert Durst. That's crazy. Yeah, right. That's wild. You didn't see that coming, did you? I know, not at all. The arrest of Robert Durst for the murder of Morris Black came as a surprise to just about everyone.

(25m 11s):
Particularly because Durst hardly looked like the kind of man who was gonna shoot another man in the face. He really doesn't then dismember his body. No. But as investigators started looking into his background, they discovered he was unlike anyone they had investigated before. They were like, wow, we definitely did not know that this is what was lurking underneath. So let's talk about Robert Durst. Who the hell is this man? What is going on? He's lived a Thousand lives. Yes. None of them Good. None of them good. Robert Allen Durst was born in Manhattan on April 12th, 1943. He was the oldest child of four children. His parents were Seymour Durst and Bernice Stein. I think Seymour is a great name.

(25m 51s):
That is a great name. Like his father before him, Seymour Durst was a wildly successful New York real estate developer and partner at the Durst Organization, which was a development firm recently valued at 8.1 billion Casual, Kept very casual.

(26m 17s):
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I just feel like maintaining your mental health is so important. It used to be that people didn't like to talk about going to therapy. Now I feel like all my friends are in therapy. It's great. Mental health awareness is growing. This mental health awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma because the world is better when people are happy and healthy. I personally love therapy. If you've ever heard me talk about therapy at all, you know that I'm a huge proponent for it, and I really think it can help a lot of people. I think BetterHelp is also a great option for therapy because BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. And it is just fantastic. We're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.

(27m 23s):
What's something your mom's always wanted to do? Get into painting. Write that novel. Make the perfect crystal. Whatever it is this Mother's Day, you can finally help her achieve it. With masterclass, our parents were our first mentors, but who did they look up to? Maybe Wolfgang Puck. Ron Finley RuPaul. Give them the gift of learning to the people who taught you so much with masterclass. Whether you're showing love to your parents or yourself, nothing compares to the gift that can change your life for the better. When I got into Masterclass and took Joyce Carol Oats Art of Storytelling class, I learned that sometimes you have to kind of dive into the dark parts of yourself to write some good spooky stuff. Our parents helped us expand our horizons. Wanna return the favor? Give them the gift of masterclass. I use this and you should too. I was trying to figure out how to write for a younger audience. I'm kind of looking into write a a spooky children's book. So I took RL Stein's writing for a Young Audience class, and it really helped me to like bring it down to a level where it can be spooky but fun and palatable to a young audience. Our listeners always get great discounts on masterclass of at least 15% off any annual membership on masterclass.com/ Morbid. See master class's latest deal, at least 15% off at masterclass.com/ Morbid masterclass.com/ Morbid.

(28m 48s):
Since being established in 1915 by Joseph Durst and his brothers, the Durst organization has owned or built some of the most expensive and most recognizable properties in New York City, including the Henry Miller Theater, the Bank of America Tower, and the development of One World Trade Center. Damn. So, yeah. So like Seymour Robert's, mother Bernice also came from New York, new York's elite class and filled her days with social activities Queen. And she was a lady who lunches. She did like charities, luncheons goals. Barry, Emily Gilmore. Yes. Bernice and Seymour married in 1940, and in the 10 years after that, she gave birth to the couples four children, Robert Douglas, Wendy, and Thomas.

(29m 31s):
Now tragically on November 9th, 1950, Bernice fell to her death from the roof of the family home in what was later deemed an accident by the coroner. According to the press, Bernice had gone out on the roof for unknown reasons, and someone called police and fire department to rescue her. But as the firefighter was climbing the ladder to reach her, Bernice insisted she could get back inside on her own, but slipped on wet leaves and fell to the driveway below, which is horrifying to go. Yeah, that's really sad. Seymour told investigators that his wife had been in treatment for asthma and had taken a sedative that morning, and later that day, she had seemed confused. And unlike herself, the family consulted a physician who recommended Bernice stay in bed to rest.

(30m 15s):
But later that afternoon, she climbed out the window onto the roof in her bathrobe. Oh man. Despite the official report of an accidental death, there are many reporters in New York socialites who believe Bernice had been profoundly depressed and had possibly, intentionally ended her life. Oh, That's really Sad. Now this is people speculating that. Yeah, of course. Obviously we do not know that. Now, following Bernice's, very unexpected death, the Durst children understandably struggled to adjust to life without their mother. I can't imagine particularly 7-year-old Robert. Oh, so little. He claimed to have witnessed the fall. Oh. Seymour responded to the loss of his wife by just retreating into himself and becoming very consumed with his work, which he can't, when you got four Little ones to take care Of kids when he was at home, he would often just disappear into his study and bury himself in books in order to just avoid all of it, avoid all the feelings, everything.

(31m 10s):
The new reality in the Durst Home meant that the children were, for the most part now being raised by nannies and other domestic workers. Yeah. Which is like a big change for them. Yeah. Your mom's there one day and then gone the next. That's Awful. And now you're being raised by like people who aren't your parents. Yeah. Now, as he grew older, Robert Durst developed a quiet and mostly shy personality. He performed pretty, you know, adequate in school. He had a few friends. His life was pretty unremarkable, like nothing crazy, which honestly, that's pretty remarkable in and of itself for someone who came from such wealth and privilege. Yeah. The fact that it was just kind of a chill life, like A Pretty casual existence that said, he seemed to develop some quirks.

(31m 53s):
Okay. That people who knew him found a little unusual. He Is. Well, that's one way to describe quirky. This man's Is quirky, very quirky. According to his childhood friend, Julie Baum Gold. She said quote, he spoke with a draw, long pauses punctuated his speech as if he were struggling to spit out the words Now, and it, and he does have a different way of speaking. Yeah, for sure. Despite being strongly introverted, Robert tried to fit in and was a member of many clubs, including the camera club, the Spanish club, and being a member of the junior varsity soccer team, trying to just like be one. Yeah. With everybody. After graduating from high school, Robert went on to study business and economics at Lehigh University and intended to go into real estate like the business with his father.

(32m 40s):
Things changed though once Robert joined the anti-war movement that was growing on college campuses across the country. While many young people became activists during this period, Robert's decision to participate didn't really sit well with his dad. Mm. His dad insisted his son take his life and responsibilities more seriously. But by then, Robert had become fully involved in the counterculture movement and wasn't interested in whatever his father was trying to tell him what to say. Yeah. Now, the shift in his priorities during this period definitely was a major change. This marked a major change in his personality too. Okay. Most of his life, he lived up to his father's expectations and incredibly high standards.

(33m 22s):
But now that he was away from Seymour Durst, he began developing his own identity, and much of that identity was gonna be rooted in opposition. Hmm. He told a Reporter when I was growing up, it was the days of long hair and marijuana in terms of announcing that you were going into the family business. That was extremely uncool. Instead, he completed his studies at Lehigh and enrolled in graduate studies at UCLA where many of the counterculture ideas and philosophies were being born. Yeah. Now it was at UCLA that Durst met one of the more important influences in his later life. 21-year-old Susan Berman, despite their attraction to one another, Robert and Susan never became a couple.

(34m 2s):
Instead they've just got, they formed a very tight close friendship. Right. They bonded over their almost unique personal histories. Basically like Robert Susan came from a prominent and wealthy, but pretty troubled family. But unlike Robert Susan's father's wealth had come from questionable means. Ooh. In 1947, the mob affiliated David Berman took over the Flamingo Hotel after its previous owner, Bugsy Siegel was shot to death by an unknown gunman in his Beverly Hills home. I heard a Bugsy. So, yeah, that's high up shit. Yeah, that's some shit. So Robert and Susan would remain close until her death in 2000.

(34m 42s):
But it turned out that graduate school wasn't exactly where Durst wanted to be. After completing a portion of his program, he dropped outta UCLA in 1969 and went back to the East Coast. But he still wasn't interested in joining the family business. Instead he, I mean, by now, he's fully immersed in the counterculture lifestyle. So he moved to Mill Middlebury that's in Vermont, and he opened a health food store. So he went, that's it. Fully the other way. Vermont plus Health food store equals Robert Durst. It's true. Yeah. Also, my youngest calls Vermont, Vermont, Vermont, Vermont. And I love it forever, and I can Mont forever. Forever. Every time I see it, I think Remont forever. I hope they, I hope she never grows out of that. Now the thing is he's, it's for this, it looks like he's like totally, you know, rebelling against the idea of the family business.

(35m 30s):
He's going to Vermont, he's opening up a health food store. It was entirely bankrolled by his father. Of course. So it's like he's, it's not like he's going out on his Own. I can't just say, of course. Yeah, of course. Now, as far as Seymour Durst was concerned, the store was a waste of time. But at least Robert was directing his energies towards business and was moving in a more, what he considered to be respectful his direction. Okay. The store, which was called All Good Things. I love that. I would go there. Right. It sounds cool. Who wouldn't? A store called All Good Things. Yeah. It reminds me of the Stephen King book, needful Things. Yeah. But it's not the same. So the store, all Good Things was opened in a dur owned building, and as a condition of giving his son the money, Robert had to be responsible for the property, which included acting as a landlord to the building's one tenant, Kathy McCormick.

(36m 20s):
Now Robert first met Kathy in late 1971 when she moved in and pointed out a number of things that needed repairing, and he was immediately taken by her. Like immediately. He said, strong woman knows what she wants. He said, well, Robert wasted no time asking her for a date. And after going out just two times, he asked her to move into his house, And she agreed and moved in in January, 1972. He Said, this is great because I love you and because I won't have to fix those things. Things won't have to fix the shit. So while Robert and Kathy's relationship was going well, things at the store were not. Oh. At the same time, Seymour Durst had began encouraging his son to close up the store and return home to join the family business.

(37m 3s):
If nothing else, Robert would be able to make much better money, which would allow him to support Cassie and Seymour hoped their family to come. Perhaps he was swayed by the money or the thought of an easier life. But Robert finally caved and went in with his father's demands, and he and Kathy returned to New York in early 1973. And a few months later, on April 12th, Robert and Kathy were married. Nice. Now, initially, Robert and Kathy moved in with Robert's brother Douglas and his wife, and their newly built home in, in Katonah, which is about 60 miles outside the city. The house was massive. It was spacious, definitely more than enough room for four people.

(37m 42s):
But Kathy quickly started feeling uncomfortable there, according to one of her college friends, the home was more than adequate, but she just hadn't expected things to be so tense. She said, apparently Eleanor Schwank said the two brothers fought bickered and constantly needled each other. So that was really weird. That's uncomfortable. And after Kathy made her feelings known about this whole thing, the couple moved out of the house and into the Durst organization's most expensive apartment, which was a penthouse on River Riverside Drive, and it had panoramic views of the Hudson River. Can you Yeah. Imagine. It's amazing. So now that they've moved, they're much happier in their new apartment than they had been living outside the city.

(38m 24s):
I mean, it's a penthouse, honey. It's a penthouse. And Robert and Kathy settled into their new lives. She was a nursing student and he was a real estate developer at the time. Yes. A friend, Gilberta Naja said they were earthy downright regular people. I thought he was a caring, loving husband. I know Kathy was in love with him. That may have been true, but it didn't take very long for the shimmer and shine of their marriage to wear off a little bit. Mm. For Kathy, the idea of marrying someone from an incredibly wealthy family was exciting. Hell Yeah. It not only meant that she could finally have, you know, all the things she ever dreamed of having as a child growing up in a middle class home, but it also meant that she was rubbing elbows with famous and very influential people.

(39m 7s):
That's fun. Which He hadn't counted on was Robert being so modest in how he lived, not fun, or that all those famous and influential people would be more interested in him than they were in her. That's tough. Yeah. But most of all, Kathy didn't love how much time Robert spent with Susan Berman, who moved To New York. I Probably wouldn't either. Yeah. And she who moved to New York in the mid seventies to work for US Magazine. Okay. Oh, very Cool. Yeah. With much more free time on her hands than she'd had before. Kathy enrolled in medical school and started making friends of her own Wait. Good for her. Good for her. Also, that's funny that Susan worked for US Magazine. Wasn't that the magazine that they found at the crime scene in the beginning of this whole tale?

(39m 49s):
Was it US Magazine? I think It was. I think you said Us Weekly. I think you're right. That's weird. Yeah. That is very just like a Weird coincidence. That is very strange. Right? Sorry. Yeah. I was, no, I was like, oh wow. Had To veer off there.

(40m 10s):
The number one thing your mom wants from you is a call to her this Mother's Day. You can give her a call and you can give her an Aura Digital picture frame. Mother's Day is coming up and you need a good gift. Ready. And guess what? Aura Frames was named the best digital photo frame by wire cutter and featured in 495 gift guides last year. I would say that's a pretty compelling piece of evidence to get your mom one. So the next time you need to call your mom, you can also send her a new pic of you from that trip that you're telling her about right from your phone onto her aura frame. I have a little sister that lives far away from me and I got her an aura frame, and we're always sharing back and forth silly pictures. We both have a ton of cats, so we love uploading pictures of the cats that, you know, we wouldn't usually spam our everybody else's Instagram feeds with. It's a lot of fun. And If you don't wanna give it to your little sister, give it to your mama for Mother's Day, or it has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their best selling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code. Morbid support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply.

(41m 25s):
But by the end of the 1980s, the ones happy couple were now leading lives that appeared to be going in very different directions. Yeah. Robert wanted things to, to stay exactly as they had been with Kathy, always being available to him whenever he wanted. That's not realistic. Kathy, on the other hand, complained that quote, they were living well below their means And she aspired for more. Also, Robert's jealousy and his possessiveness had become like pretty intolerable, which I totally, I like, you can only take so much of that. Yeah. He wanted to be the most important person in his wife's life, often at the expense of all her other relationships that just can't singular focus, that can't last.

(42m 4s):
Yeah. Kathy's brother Jim said at first I liked Bob yet, but then as the years went by, he said that he seemed not just uninterested in being a part of Kath's family, but also pretty resentful of having to see or even acknowledge them at all, which is a big problem. Yeah, that's, that's big red flags right there. Yeah. Finally, by late 1980, Robert and Kathie's marriage had just started falling apart, and a few months later she hired a divorce lawyer and confided to several of her friends that Robert had been physically abusive towards her. Oh. Throughout 1981, Kathy started working with her lawyer to file divorce paperwork and continued working to finish medical school at the same time.

(42m 45s):
Which like, geez, that's impressive. Impressive. By the end of the year, she was just a few months from earnIn that degree that in January, 1982, Kathy Durst disappeared. Without a Trace, she was months away from earnIn a medical degree. Oh, that's awful. On the morning of January 30th, 1982, Robert and Kathy drove from Manhattan to Trusdale Lake in South Salem where they were planning to spend the weekend at their vacation home. By then, the marriage was definitely in tatters and Robert had hoped that maybe they were still able to save things if they, you know, took some time to work on it got away from what he saw as their problems from the chaos, the, the constant social stimulation of the city.

(43m 28s):
I mean, at this point you're looking at it and you're like, I don't know If you really could have rebounded from what was going on here once you've become physically abusive. There's really no moving on to that. There's really no rebounding off of that. Yeah. Because again, like you said, Robert had become physically abusive at this point and Kathy had moved out and there was really not a lot between them beside like bitterness and resentment Yeah. And anger, which is makes sense. So like, what was this gonna do? But the following day, Kathy knocked on the door of their neighbor, Ruth Mayer, and asked if she could borrow a hat and a scarf because she had forgotten to bring hers And she wanted to go for a walk. Yeah. Later, when asked about the specifics, Ruth couldn't recall whether Kathy had mentioned if she planned to go for the walk by herself.

(44m 8s):
She said as Kathy began walking away, she called out to say she, Ruth did. She called out and said she was having some friends that evening and suggested that Ka stopped by. But Kathy had other plans. Okay. The last time Kathy Durst was seen alive was that evening, January 31st. It was at a dinner party thrown by her friend, Gilbert Naji. Earlier in the evening afternoon, Kathy had called Naji and said, I have to get out of the house, can I come over? Oh no. She arrived a short time later and appeared very distraught. Najim said she was always nicely turned out, the things she wore were always nice. But that afternoon she apparently showed up wearing red sweatpants and looked as though she hadn't combed her hair in days.

(44m 51s):
Aw. It was obvious she was in some sort of trouble. Yeah. Now, towards the end of Robert and Kathy's marriage, friends and family had definitely started to su suspect that things were really bad between this couple. But at that afternoon, and Jimmy got a much more detailed account of just how bad it was. It had started when she was starting to go to medical school years earlier. Okay. A signal that, you know, to, to Robert that she was becoming more independent. Now a real man in a, like a real man, a real human, a real partner would think that's great. Yeah. And Sing your praises. And sing your praises and encourage you. But you know, Robert was like me, you're not gonna need me.

(45m 31s):
The abuse started gradually with first, with just some like really biting remarks, you know what I mean? Like discouragement, just like the verbal kind of stuff. Then it elevated to threats of cutting off her tuition payments. Like, you know, that's so shitty that using the financial thing against her, like over her head, the whole like, this is my money kind of shit. Which is like, that's when it's already done. It's like not when you're married. The physical abuse soon followed. At first friends were called Kathy occasionally mentioning, which like, she just like mentioned that Robert had slapped her. Oh. But I can't imagine one of my friends saying that casually no. And me not going to their house and taking care of That.

(46m 13s):
Yeah. But by 1981, the term slapped was hit with, was replaced with hit, implying much greater force in aggression was happening. Yeah. In the last two years of their marriage, the cruelty Robert directed at KA definitely got worse. He openly carried on affairs with other women. What a pig. Including an affair with Mia, Mia, Pharaoh's sister, prudence. Oh shit. And threw them in Kathy's face whenever he wanted to hurt her. That's, yeah. At the same time, his drinking and drug use had increased, which only exacerbated his volatility. Yep. At one point, when Robert thought Kathie was having an affair with a mutual friend, he violently assaulted the man breaking a bone in his face and sending him to the emergency room.

(46m 55s):
Jesus Christ. But, but remember he is carrying on affairs. Yeah. And that's totally okay. She can't do anything about that. Right? No, no. In early January, Kathy called a friend after a particularly bad fight she had with Robert, in which he had hit her multiple times. Her friend Eleanor Schwank insisted Kathy go to the hospital in order to get the assault documented, if nothing else, you know, just to get it on the record. Yeah. It's on paper. And Kathy finally took her friend's advice just a few weeks before her disappearance. The documentation of the assault would have surely been included in the divorce proceedings. Oh, yep. And would have likely swayed things in Kathy's favor. Yep.

(47m 35s):
But that wasn't all Kathy had on her side either. Just a few days before she disappeared, Kathy told friends she had discovered some potentially embarrassing financial information related to Robert in the Durst organization, And she had planned to send it to someone high up in the company. Oh, Don't ever tell people about that stuff. You got shit Means send it no means this is like her fault. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying like, that's so scary. Yeah. Black information is scary. She was not specific about the details of the information, but she heavily implied that whatever it was, it was gonna be very damaging to Robert and the Durst family. Oh. So as Kathy talked to Naji that afternoon, their conversation was repeatedly interrupted by phone calls from Robert.

(48m 21s):
He screamed at his wife. He demanded, she returned to South Salem and the last time he called was a little past 7:00 PM and the couple argued for a few minutes before Kathy hung up. She told Najimy, Bobby wants me home. He's really upset. Don't Go home. So she grabbed a few things she had with her and walked to the door. But before she left, she turned to the Jimmy and said, if any something happens to me, check it out. I'm afraid of what Bobby will do. My God. It's to Think that she literally said that, To think that there are so many women who know what that feels like. Yeah. And that their partner, their person that they decided to marry and that like they were so in love with at one point in time and felt like was so in love with them.

(49m 2s):
Yep. To have that crumble and just explode like that is so heartbreaking. And to say with full, like your whole chest, if something happens to me, look into it. Because it's probably him like, like to know that in your heart, that like they are capable of that and not like, potentially they could do that, but that, I don't know how to get out of this. Like, that's awful. Holy shit. That's awful. In this, her saying that this is the last time anyone other than Robert Durst saw Kathy Durst. Wow. Four days later on, on February 4th, Robert Durst walked into the 20th precinct on West Street in Manhattan and reported his wife missing. Four days later To Detective Michael struck, the timing of Dursts report was a little suspicious.

(49m 45s):
Yeah. What might say, according, According to Durst, he had last seen Kathy on Sunday night when he dropped her off at the train station to return to Manhattan alone, which meant Robert had waited four days to report his wife missing. Weird Durst explained to struck that it was not unusual for Kathy to work three or four days straight in clinical training. So ding, ding, ding. We're gonna use her going to medical school against her even when she's gone. Yeah, totally. Or gonna be like, well, she's just so busy, she'll be gone for three days. Yeah, no, that Doesn't be any sense. So, but he said he, so he hadn't thought of, you know, he hadn't thought she was missing until that day. Still struck. Couldn't help but notice that for a man whose wife had been missing for four days, Robert didn't seem particularly shaken up or overly emotional about it.

(50m 28s):
Very. Yeah. 'cause he doesn't actually love Her. He's very like, straightforward. Here's what's happening. So for Detective Str, the case only grew more and more curiouser and curiouser in the days that followed. I like that You scratched your chin. I did. You guys couldn't see it, but I, I did the chin scrap. I had a Beard. That was great. In his early investigation of Kath's disappearance struck, found two witnesses who claim to have seen Kathie on February 1st, the day after Durst claimed to have dropped her off at the train station, the superintendent and the doorman at the Couple's Riverside Drive apartment. Hmm. Later that same day, someone identifying themselves as Kathie Durst called the associate Dean's office at the medical school to say she was terribly ill and wouldn't be making it in.

(51m 10s):
So remember we're talking, he just said someday she's in clinical training for like three days straight. Right. And I can't get ahold of her. Oops. She called out. She wasn't. So, she definitely wasn't. And also, who was that that called, do you think? Exactly. That's what I wonder. And it's here that the trail goes cold though, at least in terms of law enforcement for Robert Durst, things were only getting started by the time she'd gone missing. Most of Cassie's friends and family were aware of how bad the, their relationship was deteriorating. Yeah. And they, a lot of them knew about the extent of Robert's abuse. That's why Robert's performance of the alarmed husband in the wake of her disappearance seemed so fake, disingenuous at best and at worst it was coming off suspicious.

(51m 53s):
Yeah. Like he was totally, it was coming off the opposite of how he was trying to, the week after he reported her missing, the New York press picked up on the story and everyone was clamoring to interview Robert Durst. In the meantime, he'd hired, hired a private detective to track down his wife, who he firmly believed was still alive. He told a Reporter from the New York, New York Post, she was going to graduate medical school in three months. That's what makes me sure she's not hanging out at somebody's house. Which, no, what do you mean she wouldn't, you're trying, whatcha trying embarrass her and like, make her sound even she runs away from you and yada, yada. So whatever concern Robert showed for his missing wife in public was all but absent in private.

(52m 35s):
So it was very clearly an act. Yeah. When he spoke to her increasingly worried friends, he didn't come off like he gave a shit at all. When Robert finally spoke to, to Jimmy a few weeks later, he said, by the way, way Gilbert, have you seen Ka? And the tone was casual as though he was asking after an old friend he hadn't seen in a long time, not his wife. Wife who had mysteriously disappeared. Yeah. Remember we're talking, a few weeks later, he sees a friend and he is like, Hey, by the way, have you seen Kathy? Like What? Like she's been missing for weeks. And he just says it like in passing, Like you're, you're talking about like, oh, like have you seen my like, that's so weird. Like, Have you seen that that coat that I wore the other day?

(53m 17s):
I can't find it. It's so fucking strange. He creeps me out. So he's just asking, he's acting so fucking weird about this. Like so fucking weird. And within a few months he had retreated from the public spotlight and never gave another interview or spoke publicly about KA again. He also stopped returning Detective STRs calls, which only made the investigator more suspicious. Yep. And in the few months that had passed since she was initially reported missing the supposed witness sightings from the doorman and the superintendent proved less certain than they had been. When Struc re-interviewed them in the spring, both men confessed that they'd really only seen her from the back and from a distance been so neither could be certain been anyone in New York City, they couldn't even be certain that it was Kathy Durst From the back at a distance is crazy to be like, oh yeah, I saw her the other day.

(54m 9s):
Yeah. Yikes. They I'm sure like speculation obviously, but I'm sure they were intimidated. Yeah. By somebody. By somebody. And we're gonna end it there because we we're gonna do two parts of this. The second part is gonna have even more strange stuff in it. Yeah. There's a lot to follow in this case. So I do think it's a good idea to break it into two. Yeah. There's just, yeah, there's a lot of names, there's a lot of stuff going on and there's a lot of, a lot of jinxy stuff going on. Yes. So of course, of course I was. And we'll get to that. Don't worry. We'll Get to that. Of course. Course We get to that whole thing. Of course. Heard around the world. So in the meantime, we hope you keep listening And we hope you keep It Weird, But not so weird that you don't throw a course around.

(54m 51s):
Of Course, If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(56m 13s):
Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reid is innocent. How does It feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative Reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's Not her. Listen to episodes of Karen the retrial exclusively and ad free on Wondery Plus.