
Hey, weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that ll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at t is introducing a new guarantee. The at t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The At&t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this right here. You bitches is Morbid. You bitches. It's Morbid. It's Valentine's Day. It is. I sounded pissed about that. I'm not. It's fucking Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm happy about the, the, the Valentine's Day of it all. I love Valentine's Day. Not because like we do anything really. No, we're not. Like, we'll do like a little something. Yeah. Like I woke up to a cute little, like, array on the counter this morning.


Oh, see, that's cute. Yeah. We don't always, honestly, I, I gotta like, be real here. Drew is a lot better at Valentine's Day than I am. Mm. Like I, I usually wake up to something and then I'm like, oh, fuck, I didn't, I'm gonna like, run out later and get you like discount candy. I don't know why I said candy like that Candy, but this year I did really fucking good. Hell yeah. I went a little, I went, I like upped the ante this year. Oh. See, John and I usually like, go really hard to like, make the kids like a cute little Valentine's thing. I feel like when you have kids it, it becomes more about like the holiday for them. Yeah. And it becomes, it becomes like super fun again. Yeah. It's cute because like, it becomes like super kid again.


Yeah. And that's always fun. I know the magic of all the holidays. Like obviously like Christmas is like insane when you have kids, but even just like Valentine's Day and St. Patrick's Day even fun. Yeah. Like we, so I always like our bathroom that they brush their teeth in. That's like essentially like, you know, the kid bathroom. Yeah. It like, 'cause they've demolished it. Oh, do you decorate it? I decorate it for all the holidays. I see. So like, I'll, and I don't go like, you know, it's not like I go nuts. Like I just get stuff like some little banners. Yeah. And like, you know, sometimes I'll throw like a balloon in there if I can like that dollar, dollar section stuff. Yeah. Like the dollar section has a lot of cool stuff. So like, it's super easy to be able to do it. Or like Michael's has a lot of stuff in case you guys a thing and wanna do it.


Yep. The little things are what I literally way we just put a banner up that says be mine. And some of this like tinsel, like this is like red tinsel. Cute. And then I think I had like a little heart like stuffed animal on the counter. I love that. And just in their bathroom. So we do it for like, everything. Like, we try to like just throw like a little banner in their bathroom just to make like, the morning exciting when they brush their teeth. I like St. Patrick's Day when you put green dye in the toilet and you see the leprechauns pea and they flush. They fucking love that. I, I'm co-opting that when I have kids. It's so easy. Yeah. And it's, they love it. Yeah. And we do like, you know, we do leprechaun toast for that. Like where we just put like lucky charms and like frosting on toast. No, that's so they can have like a wild ass breakfast.


That's the shit I can't wait for. It's fun. And then like, I stayed up until 2:00 AM last night making, 'cause I got a cricket. This bitch is a cricket enthusiast. It is fun as fuck when you figure out how to do it. It is so satisfying. And so I stayed up until 2:00 AM I found they had like, the girls already had like plain pink shirts, like long sleeve shirts Yeah. That they never really like grab or they're just sitting in their drawer. And I was like, Ooh, I can bedazzle these so lemme make this a shirt you wanna wear Yeah. Set up until 2:00 AM making them little Valentine's Day shirts. And they were psyched this morning. Aw. So it was like, and then, and then I made their lunches all like, I heart themes shut up.


Like I got these little heart cut like cutters for their sandwiches and they make 'em like in Uncrustables. So they'll like seal off the sandwich. Oh yeah. It's, they're really cool. Okay. You can find 'em on like anywhere. Really. I fuck. So heavy with an uncrustable. And it's fun to make your own 'cause you can make it different shapes and stuff. Yeah. You can put whatever you want. It just makes like a fun lunch. And then like, I just got some like, heart shaped shit and like pink stuff and all that. Did you cut the strawberries into little heart shapes? No, I didn't do that this morning. 'cause I, that's my favorite time. Did a trail mix instead of strawberries today. Ooh. But it was like a pink themed trail mix. Hell yeah, brother. Yeah. It was fun. Let's go. It's a lot of fun. And then John usually, and I always forget he'll get me flowers. Oh yeah, of course. A lot of times. Yeah. But like, he'll have them delivered and then I end up forgetting and being like, oh, we don't, 'cause we're always like, we don't do anything.


I know. Like, why'd you do that? And he's like, I have to. No, it's relatable. Yeah. I feel like, you know, you just do what you can. You do what you can. I, I got Drew like a random Lego set, so I love that big into Lego. So I'm like, any occasion I'll just get you a fucking Lego set. Yeah. Usually it's just as you get older and as you like kids come into the picture. Yeah. Or, or even if they don't, I feel like it just becomes one of those, like, it's a nice day. Yeah. It's a fun. Yeah. I wanna get one of those Dunking Donuts. Donuts today that has the brownie batter in the middle. Oh, fuck. Yeah. Why didn't we get those? Because I got, I'm getting something delivered. I already ordered it. What? She just, she just raised her eyebrows at me. And Mikey and Mikey is shimmying. Right. Which is exciting.


Did you just see the full mobility in my eyebrows? Yeah. They move now. Yeah. Guys, I stopped getting Botox makes expressions. I stopped getting it. I'm, I'm in recovery from Bo, from Botox. Oh yeah. Yeah. You're you're, I love your face. Thank you. It's so nice. I'm working on loving it too. You should. I should. But yeah, I ordered some credible cookies. Oh, yay. And they're all fun. Valentine's. Oh, I'm excited. There's one that's like a strawberry cake. Oh bitch. On the, it's like, you know when you get a cupcake and you like rip the bottom off cake and you make it a sandwich? It's like that. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Hell yeah. Well we have, you know, that this is an exciting day and bitch, it's been an exciting week or two.


Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm without words. She's through the roof for what's happening this week. Retweet. So the last episode, you guys probably noticed that Andrew McMahon was on the show. Fucking Wild. Andrew McMahon from something corporate Jack Mannequin, Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness. All of the above, you know, posters when I was 16 in my room. Yes. Those as well. I have a something corporate tattoo. It was my first tattoo I ever got. He came here to the stew. Like he came, he's, I, we had such a blast with him. Like, he flew from California here. We went out, like we went out to dinner, we got to hang at the studio.


Like, he was amazing. Shout, shout out. He's like a pal Andrew. Like I know. Like immediately I was like, wow. I do feel like I've known you since I was 16. Okay. You kind of have, and I've known him since I was for going by that logic. Yeah. I was great. Yeah. And it was, it was very funny because like he was telling us that he listens to the show. So like, hopefully you're listening now. Hi Andrew. Because it was very like, surreal to me. Oh yeah. To, 'cause I was such a big like something corporate fan when I was younger and I still am. And Jack's mannequin, Andrew McMahon in the wilderness. And it's funny that like, to be in that phase of life and then to sit with him and talk about being parents together Yeah.


Is like surreal in a way. I can't describe like 16-year-old Elena. If you told her you're gonna sit in your house or at dinner with Andrew McMahon and talk about parent shit together. I'd be like, what are you talking about? Like, like what it, what cannot compute? Like what are you talking about? It was just, it was really lovely. And he was lovely and yeah, he was great. It was a great experience. Yeah. And it a fun episode. A very fun episode. We talked about dancing plagues. If you haven't listened to it, go check it out. It's, you know, it's interview and it's also, we talk about some like funny like and crazy dancing plagues of history. Yeah. And even in the interview he had some, had some bit nuns. Great answers. Oh, absolutely. It's a great episode in biting nuns and we talk about fucking the devil a lot.


So you should definitely listen to it. You know, like a regular episode. Regular episode. Doing butt stuff with the devil or fucking the devil. So that was fucking amazing. And I hope you guys enjoy that episode a lot and you know, hopefully someday we have him back on. 'cause it was a blast. Yes. And we forgot to have them sign. Andrew, if you're listening, yes. You do have to come back. Yeah. We forgot to have you sign our hand. You know, hands If you guys not our hands. But he's like, no thank you. He's like, I think I'll, ill not come back. The hands that we have people sign when they come into the office. If you guys have seen, talk to me the movie, talk to Me. Which If you haven't go watch it. 'cause it's an Australian film horror film and it's fucking brilliant. A 24, right? A I think it is. Yeah. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. Yeah it is.


Right. I was like, wait, there's a hand in it that is like a main plot device of the movie and we have the hand in the office. Yeah. It's funny. And we've been having people sign it. Like we had Bridget sign it when she came. Yep. And we were gonna have Andrew sign it. 'cause we're trying to have all our guests sign it and we forgot. So now you have to come back. So we, we'll set that up. You don't have a choice. We'll have our people call your people. Yeah. So that happened. That was amazing. And then we have another amazing thing happening. You guys are getting a bonus episode. Yes. This week. In fact, tomorrow it's coming out wide to everybody. Wide. And isn't it wide?


And it's a simultaneous release, so it's everyone's getting it. Yeah. At the same time. It's a bonus episode on top of our two episodes. Happy Valentine's Day. Happy fucking Valentine's Day. Because guys, well I guess that'll be later. But this is a fucking banger of an episode. I'm, it's gonna be, we haven't actually recorded it yet. So it's gonna be really interesting to see if Elena's alive afterwards. Yeah. You're gonna have to see if I survive this one because, and that's all we can say. I'm very excited to record it. We're gonna be recording it in the next few days and ah, it's a big deal. So like, be on the lookout. Huge. If you're listening to this episode right now, set an alarm.


No. That tomorrow in the future. In the future, tomorrow I'll bang banger of an episode is being released to everybody. As a bonus. Big things are happening. It's our, our gift to you. And also a gift to me when they say treat yourself, Elena went, I treated myself, went bigger, went home. She did not go home. Yeah, I did not. I went big. It's wild. So it's very exciting. Go for that. It's very exciting. Very awesome. This has been a week that I can't quite grasp. I don't think you ever will. No. Yeah. I think that's all of our bit nasty. Yeah, I think so. AKA business bit nasty. Yeah.


And with that, we'll get into this. Let's go. It was a very exciting intro and super happy. I gonna take it down. We were like, oh my God, it's Valentine's Day. This is a story about two lovers. It's not happy. So there's that celebratory or any of the above. But it is no one expected that I think. Yeah. I would hope not. You came to the wrong place if that's what you were looking for. It is an interesting story. Okay. And it, I'll tell you up at the top, it's gonna be two parts. Part one is definitely gonna be a little bit longer than part two. 'cause there's a lot of kind of setup that we have to get through. Okay. So this is going to be titled If you're listening, Jean Harris and the Murder of Herman Tarnower. Hmm.


So we're gonna start with Jean first. Jean was B Jean Stren was her maiden name. She was born April 27th, 1923. She was the second of four children born to Albert and Mildred Stren. Stren. Isn't that a fun last name to say? I like that. Stren. Yeah. From an early age she felt like she could never really live up to the high standard of her older sister, Mary Margaret, who was described as the family's. Good girl. Mary Margaret just seems like a, has to be a good girl name to be. Yeah. She's gotta be, despite feeling like the underdog a lot of times. Jean did remember her early life fondly. Albert and Mildred raised the family in Cleveland, Ohio. And they were definitely wealthier than most families at the time.


They had a maid, a laris. The kids all went to private school. Oh damn. Yeah. They were doing well in 1983. Jean said, I was raised by my mother, but my father was almost never home. Oh. Which is sad. That is sad. And while she looked back on most of her memories from childhood with a certain fondness, it wasn't without its traumas. Mm. Her dad, Albert, by all accounts, was a very brilliant, very successful man. But he also was remembered by most as a quote, champion, tyrant, bigot and snob. Oh. So like, not somebody I wanna hang out with. I was gonna say none of those things sound good at all. No. But but no go off. But successful I guess. Yeah. That's usually the case.


His temper was notorious and bouts of anger, rage were set off by, by very minor inconveniences. Which is not great when you have children. 'cause I'm sure that comes with a lot of inconveniences. I also think that's such like, like get it together. Yeah. Whenever adults like go off the handle at the smallest thing, I'm like, I, I don't know. Children can figure it out. So why can't you? Yeah. Well like I, we don't tolerate that from children, so I don't know why we're tolerating it from adults. And as a parent, your kind of entire job is to teach kids not to do that. Yeah. So how are you gonna teach them not to do that when you're doing it yourself? Yeah. Just like figure out emotional regulation, man. Yeah. It sounds very of the time though. Oh, for sure. Very. A father of the time.


Very of the time. Yeah. Shortly before her dad died in 1980. Jean put it pretty simply when she said my father should not have had any children. That's so sad. It is. Especially as his child saying that. Yeah. She did love him. She admired his intelligence. But she also recognized that he was a very unhappy man. Yeah. And a lot of his anger and temper came from basically like taking out his own disappointments on other people. Like his his feelings of unfulfillment kind of thing. Yes, exactly. One of jean's oldest friends said, I think Jean admired her father very much And she also hated his guts. He was cold ever complaining. Impossible to please autocratic and nasty.


It's so sad that like, like children just auto like have this natural thing of loving their parents, even when their parents are like, oh, it's innate, so awful to them. You know what I mean? Like it's, it's like, it's almost sad because it's like you have to learn, I think sometimes to un love your parents for your own I can, yeah. Peace of mind and wellbeing. That that was a deep statement. It was a little bit deep. Yeah. You know, and relatable. But yeah. Anyway, the home environment in general, mostly thanks to Albert was one of constant competition because he set his kids up against each other. That's not good. And just tension because he was always angry. Yeah. The only one of his kids who he seemed to approve of was Mary Margaret. Ah.


She was the oldest. And like I said earlier, Jean just could never measure up to her no matter how hard she tried. Which is really sad. I hate that idea of kids like trying to measure up to each other. Yeah. In a family, you know, you're all, you should all be equal and you should be loved. Exactly the same. You're your own thing. Yeah. Like you're your own entity and we love you because of that. Yeah. That should be the message. But this type of environment was probably where Jean developed some of her worst. And what would become most harmful instincts. Especially when it came to pleasing men. Yeah. I mean, things like that are set up in c childhood that's being programmed too. Yeah. That's her whole life is trying to please a man. But at the same time, she also developed more positive perspectives, especially from her mom when she was young.


I love this. Her mom would tell her A curtsy doesn't mean one Dogg on thing. Huh? I want you to always look people in the eye and tell them the truth. Hell yeah. You measure people from the neck up, Jean. Yeah. Bitch. She sounds like a bad bitch. I love that. That I think that quote is fucking great. Damn. Yeah. You measure people from the neck up. A curtsy don't mean one doggone thing. That's badass. I like that. I, I love doggone No, not one doggone thing. Nope. So while her father was pretty terrible overall. Yeah. Jean's mother was stern, but in a different way. And she could learn a lot from her. And it was from Mildred that she learned to treat others with respect and kindness and to actually value things like intelligence and talent over just money and social status.


I love that they had money and they had social status, but her mom was like, these these are important things, but intelligence and kindness and respect are are gonna take you far are more important. Yeah. Yeah. So for the rest of her life, these two very enormous influences would be at war inside of Jean and play a pretty critical role in her adult life. Yeah. 'cause they're very like conflicting, very conflicting ideals. Yeah. In elementary school, for example, she studied hard. She did really well, but she never wanted to let her intelligence be seen as a bad thing. But the lessons that she learned from her parents that helped her succeed academically kind of became a hindrance when it came to making friends. Hmm. She was smart. She was very pretty, very well liked to a degree.


But there was also distance between her and her peers. One classmate who seems like a very surface level individual were called, I never could be fond of Jean because she wasn't interested in clothes styles, all the giggle dumb things that we used to do. And boys, she hardly seemed to care about them at all. It's like, okay. Yeah. First of all, not everyone is attracted to the opposite sex jean was. But like, that's a weird thing to go off of. Oh yeah. Well it's just like that. I don't know if that really should be part of your, and like entire personality style, like, like your likability is based on whether you're like obsessing over boys and your appearance. The fuck. And like makeup and shit. It's like Uhoh, good luck with that damn school though.


Quickly became Jean's refuge where, because there she got the approval and praised that she was really craving from her father. Yeah. But never got later. She would say, I loved school. I loved having a star on my forehead when I was little. I loved sitting in the sun room of our big house and doing my homework. And I loved my teachers. Oh. Which really tells you that like she got everything she needed there. Yeah. And then going home. Like creed that. Yeah. Which is which also kudos to those teachers. Hell yeah. We like teachers. Hell yeah. Teachers. But she threw herself into academics and extracurriculars. She joined as many clubs as she possibly could. Attended as many school events as she was able to. Mostly as a means of avoiding her dad.


Yeah. But ultimately she built up a really impressive resume by the time she graduated high school. Good for her. Yeah. After, I have no idea what this case is, by the way. So I am just like fully riding this way. I literally don't know what happens. I've never heard of this. Yeah. Just putting that out there. So if I'm sitting here being like, good for her. I don't know if she does something later, I don't know what happens. Well, it's very, you know, like, it's like when we say you can be sad for the child. Yeah. Or you can, you can say good for her for who she was at one point before all. Yeah. Whatever happens, happens. I will. Jean lost her way. Okay. But it's a lot more complicated than that. Okay. It's, this is a very layered story. I ultimately don't agree with what she does ever.


But there's a lot of layers to it. There's a lot of layers to it. This is not, there's a lot of gray area Okay. In the story. Yeah. I just wanted to be clear that I'm like, I don't know what happens. Honestly. Good. Like to say that at the top. Yeah. No. No one think I'm like praising someone that I know what they did. No. Well, and right now you're praising her for the good things that she did. Yes. That's all, you know. That's all I do. And then when we get, just be clear. When we get to the, we're gonna get to a part and I think you and I are gonna feel, I'm gonna Oh, well, and I think you and I are gonna have very similar opinions. Okay. There's a, there's a fall from humanity. Oh wow. Yeah. So after, but we're not there yet. Okay. After her graduation in 1941, Jean enrolled at the Smith College in Massachusetts. Oh shit. She studied economics there. And she actually minored in Spanish.


Damn. Like her high school experience. She threw herself into those studies completely. In her free time. She sang in the glee club And she joined the water ballet team. Water. Is that just like a, I think it's ballet Synchron in the water, swimming, I don't know, kind of thing. Probably. Probably. I didn't know water ballet was a thing. Sounds beautiful. But now that I think of it, is that at the Olympics? Synchronized swimming. Synchronized swimming. I, I could be wrong. Maybe. It is called water Ballet Artistic swimming. So yeah. I think it used to be called synchronized swimming. Yeah. But I think artistic swimming sounds better for sure. It definitely does. And it's definitely more what it is. Well, and I guess you could probably do it solo. Yeah. 'cause then technically it wouldn't have to be synchronized.


True. Yeah. Very true. So look at us. We really worked through that there. Look at us, we logic our way through. But while she wasn't engrossed in her schoolwork, she spent her time writing to her boyfriend, Jim Harris, who she'd started dating while she was still in high school. After graduation, Jim went and joined the Naval Air Corps and was stationed in the South Pacific. So they really stayed in touch, primarily through letters. And toward the end of Jean's junior year at Smith, Jim got leave and arrived on the Smith campus to surprise Jean and asked her to marry him once the war was over. Wow. Which is so romantic. That does sound very romantic. It's very short-lived. Oh, no. But she happily agreed. In 1946 when she was 23, they did finally get married and they settled down in Michigan.


And Jim's parents were thrilled to add a daughter-in-law to the family. They loved Jean. But Jean's father could not have been any more disappointed. Oh. In fact, he made zero zilch null attempt to hide. Oh no. He was outright with the fact that he did not like this guy. According to journalist Shana Alexander Albert was furious. He warned Jean that she was throwing her life away. Damn. He was certain Jim Harris was not good enough for her. And he made sure that Jim too knew how he felt. Oh boy. Which is shitty. Well, it's also hard because he spent a lot of time her life basically making her feel she's not good enough for him. And now he's saying this, this guy isn't good enough for you.


And she's like, I thought you didn't need to give a shit about me. She's like, what do you mean? Like, where's my standing here? Right. Yeah. It's confusing. It's just a conflicting message. Well, and it's also just, it's kind of a continued message of like, nothing you ever do is good enough. Marry a guy. Exactly. You can't even pick a guy. Right. Yeah. It wasn't only that Albert disliked Jim Harris, but he actually thought the entire Harris family were ignorant fools. Damn. Mostly because of their progressive political opinions and support of the Roosevelt administration. Damn. Tells you a lot. Damn, damn, damn. The damn, damn. Whether or not Jean was throwing her life away was obviously a matter of opinion. But in hindsight, she did recognize that her marriage had a lot less to do with love than it did with defiance of her father.


Eek. She was, she wanted to go against him. She liked that it was bothering you. Yeah. She said, when I got married, I had no conception of love. Defying Dad was the main reason I married Jim also, unlike dad, he was very quiet, which is kind of a baller statement. Damn. She's like, again. I say, damn. She's like, listen, my dad sucked. He didn't like this guy. This guy's quiet. I can do what I want. This guy's quiet. This guy's quiet. This guy shuts his fucking mouth. He's gonna let me lift. I appreciate that about him. And I love that. She's like, unlike my loud ass, snobby motherfucker of a dad. This guy's quiet. This guy shuts the fuck up. Wow. Yeah.


So Meat Fme, the flavored air device designed to help you ditch the bad habits and feel good about what you are reaching for. No nicotine, no vapor, no batteries, just an awesome design and flavors like crisp mint, peach blush, and Cinnamon Hearts. Love that. Let me tell you about this new alternative to smoking and vaping called Flavored Air. Our sponsor Fume have created an award-winning flavored air device that helps me ditch that bad habit. It was founded on this idea that if we stick to good habits, making a change feels easier and less pressurized. Fume has lots and lots of delicious flavors to choose from. Like crisp, mint, orange, vanilla. I actually tried that one. It's pretty good. And peach blush. I'm actually excited to try that one. With flavored air, you could satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics vapor or combustion. There's no nicotine. It's not addictive. It's non-toxic flavors. Really. It's a guilt-free alternative. Plus, even better, no batteries, they can never even have to charge it. Fume has already helped over 400,000 people take steps toward better habits. And now it's your turn to kick off the new year. Use our code Morbid. To get a free gift with your journey pack head to try fume.com. That's try FU m.com. Use code Morbid to claim this limited time offer today. Bye.


South of Midnight is a third person action adventure game set in a version of the American deep South you've never seen before. When a hurricane rips through Prospero, Hazel is pulled into a magical southern gothic world where reality and fantasy are intertwined. Learn the ancient powers of a weaver and face mythical creatures. Inspired by real folklore as you explore a beautifully handcrafted world featuring a soundtrack inspired by the American South. Unravel the past in south of midnight, available April 8th, 2025 on Xbox Series X and S. Game pass. Ultimate in PC and Steam pre-install on game pass or pre-order now terms apply. See xbox.com/subscription terms. Rated M for mature.


Obviously in the 1940s, women didn't have a ton of options for independence. No. So if Jean wanted to get away from her dad and her family home, which she very much did, marriage was the easiest and the fastest way to do that for sure. And at the very least, she did choose somebody who treated her with kindness and was entirely predictable. Okay. Yeah. It's a safe life. Yeah. To those who knew her well though Jean's marriage to Jim didn't make any fucking sense. She was very smart. She was an independent woman. We know she loved the arch. She loved culture. She was the ultimate conversationalist. She was passionate. She had a lot of big dreams. Jim had smaller ambitions and he didn't seem to want a lot out of life.


He was, he was a simple guy. Yeah. You know? Yeah. He's just Jim. Well, people are different. We all want different things out of life. Exactly. It doesn't make him a bad guy for not wanting No. For not like, you know, for just wanting a simple home life, you know? Yeah. Whatever fulfills him. Yeah. Jean's friend, Leslie McDougall recalled, she was desperate to marry Jim Harris. I never understood it. He was a little man in every way. Jean had intellect, she was brainy. Everything she got into, she did well. He loved to putter to trim the hedge. As she got more interesting, he got duller. Aw. And in the notes Dave wrote, damn, what a savage read. I was dying. Honestly. Yeah. Yeah. That is like, shit. I was like, whew.


After the wedding though, Jean settled into married life And she was determined to be the perfect housewife. But she also wanted to keep her regular job, which was, she was a teacher at Gross Point Country Day School. And she also found the time to keep a spotless home. She cooked all the meals. She kept up with all her appearances that she needed to do. She was, she was doing it all. She, yeah. Now, while the schedule was, without a doubt, exhausting, very taxing, it was important to Jean that she apply her training and her intellect to a job that she saw as valuable. And to her, there was nothing more valuable than helping to mold the minds of children. She loved teaching. Oh, I love that. I mean, And she loved being a part of kids' lives. Well, and it sounds like she had so many like influential teachers in her life.


You can tell when a kid has great teachers. Yep. Because they immediately are like, I wanna be a teacher. Yeah. Because they see what happens. Exactly. Like my kids have like this fucking ama, like the older girls have an amazing fucking teacher. Oh, she's a queen. She's a goddamn queen. I wish we could like literally say her name, but we obviously can't. I would love to say her name just as, because she's so amazing. But she's, she's amazing. And they, one of my kids is like, I wanna be a teacher. Like blah, blah, blah. I love that. And it's like, that's a sign. Oh, absolutely. That you've done the right thing. Yeah. I also think you are one who says that would be the best teacher ever. Oh my God. Yeah. She's so patient.


Yeah. And sweet. Especially with like the youngest God. Yeah. She'd be amazing. I'd could going for like an hour. Also, if you're looking for anybody to follow on TikTok, we haven't done a TikTok follow. Like go Mr. Williams Williams, Mr. Williams on TikTok. His name is Tell Williams, we love Mr. Williams with our entire heart and soul. He is a fucking phenomenal follower. Yeah. A follower follow and, and he's a preschool teacher and also a therapist. Yeah. And he does it all. He does it all. He really does. He also does savage reads. He does savage reads. He's hilarious. I remember watching him in the beginning of TikTok and being like, I want him to be my child's preschool teacher. Like he was, he's so good. And you can tell he cares so much pre-K Ps.


So pre-K ps he always starts with that. Go follow him. Yeah. Because he deserves all the follows. He, he certainly does. He's Mr. Williams on TikTok. And you will not regret it. You will not. He's hilarious. Even If you don't have kids. Yeah. Great. Follow. Exactly. He's a great follower no matter what. Yeah. Well, back to Jean. Her domestic responsibilities increased a year or two later when Jim's newly widowed father moved in with them. Jean really loved her father-in-law, And she never complained about living with him. But according to several neighbors, Albert Harris expected to be treated as a guest in the house rather than an occupant who contributed to the work of a running home. Ah. Which, you know what? You live that long, you lose your wife. Yeah. Your kid's gotta take care of you at some point.


At this point, he's probably like, you know what, fuck it. Yeah. Like, treat me like a guest. I get to a certain age and I've raised you all up, you know? Yeah. You, you treat me like a guest. Yeah. Come on. But also, it doesn't sound like Jim was like really doing a lot and it's his dad. So that's a little tough. Yeah. But the workload increased again two years later in 1950 when Jean gave birth to their first child, David, and then a couple years later, a second child, Jimmy. So they had their hands full. Yeah. The expectations of motherhood were made even more stressful by jean's, postpartum depression after Jimmy's birth. Oh no. And remember, this was not a time. Even now, I feel like we don't have a full understanding No. Of postpartum depression.


Truly picture it in the 1950s. That that sounds nightmarish. They'd give you like some meth about it. Yeah. That's a, that's a nightmarish scenario. Yeah. Yeah. In the 1950s. It's sad. So a lot of times Jean found herself crying over what most people would consider Very small things. Yeah. Or no reason at all. Like, she didn't know why she was crying. She just was, oh, that sounds awful. It's very sad. But fortunately, her postpartum didn't last super long. Well, that's good. But even after it passed, friends did notice changes to her behavior. I think it left its mark on her. Well, you wonder what Yeah. It probably leaves some kind of mark. I, I fortunately did not go through it. I know, I, I know people do did though, and I can't, if you're going through it, I'm really sorry. Yeah. It's, you'll, you'll get on the other side.


I promise. It's one of my biggest fears, like when I do end up having kids. Well, people don't take it. Like, I feel like it doesn't get taken seriously a lot. No. It's just, when you try to get help for it, it's scary. It's very scary. Yeah. But one friend said she made it such an enormous effort, but she was extremely volatile. We had a cup of tea together every single day. And I never knew whether I'd find a happy woman, a sad woman, or an angry woman. Ooh, that's tough. So it sounds like I, I think I shouldn't have said that. It didn't last very long because I really don't think there's a way of measuring how long she was going through it. I think she might've just got better at managing it. I was, maybe she was just pushing it to the side. Yeah. But it was still affecting her in her daily life. But although she never hesitated to join the PTA or engage with neighbors and parents of her kids' classmates, her ability to integrate with others did remain somewhat of a problem into her adulthood.


Oh, okay. At the time, gross Point where she was living and teaching, it's a suburb of Detroit, was home to some of the automotive industry's wealthiest families. And there was a very rigid social hierarchy that was all based on wealth. Of course. Yeah. As a school teacher and the wife of a middle class husband, she never really cared about material things. Yeah. And since her childhood, she actually really tried to find value outside of monetary terms. Yeah. But because of the way that everything worked, she was a little bit of an outcast among everybody else. That makes sense. Yeah. And she really struggled to make strong connections because of that. That's rough. In the early sixties, jean's dissatisfaction with her life was becoming even more apparent to those around her.


Her friend, her friend Bob Scripps were called Jean, did not lead a very exciting life here. Her marriage to Jim was a real drag. He was a genuine tight wad and very conservative. Really a man of no imagination. Whereas Gene had so much Wow. Everybody's really reading. That's the thing. I'm like, I couldn't find anything to like outright say that Jim was an asshole. So I'm just like, it just sounds like he was kind of like a, he was just kind of like a plain Jane, a plain Jim, you know? Yeah. A plain gym. Yeah. You know, just, just vibe into his own beat. I'm like, wow, nobody likes you. Nobody thought you were interesting. Like, that's rough. That's sad. I know. I feel, I feel a little bad for Jim. Yeah. Did, does Jim do anything that I shouldn't feel bad for him. No. Okay, cool. Not that I know of.


I didn't, I couldn't find it. That's the thing. I couldn't find anything that I could like call him an asshole about. Yeah. Like truly negative. Like he, like he's abusive or something like that. No, it doesn't sound like it. Like by the sounds of it, I'm just like, you know, don't care when everybody else thinks, Jim, you know, I feel like he needs like a high five. I wanna like, I, If you're happy with you for a burger, I'm like, come on, let's, let's you be happy with you Jim. Okay. Yeah. I wanna take Jim to a theme park. Yeah. And be like, let's find a little excitement here. I'm like, you know what Jim? Like there's these things called book nooks that you can make. I think you would love them. There you go. And then you sit down. He strike me as somebody, he'd love a book nook. Yeah. The very minimal amount I know about Jim. I think he would fuck heavy with a book. No. Yeah. And I'm saying that as somebody who fucking loves book Nooks. Yeah. I sit down and do them at night.


So I love that. That's not a read on book nooks. No, it's not. I got Alina multiple book nooks for her birthday. Hell yeah. But by then, by that point, Jean had started taking courses in a master's program where she was finding a lot of purpose. But when she thought about her future as a housewife and a mother in Gross point, that idea became increasingly unsustainable. Mm. She was finding a lot of purpose, kind of like pouring into her own cup. Yeah. But I think she kind of like took a little like a scope out and was like, I don't know if this is going to, if this is gonna last it. So sustained. Yeah. Like, yeah. So her life with Jim didn't exactly end. It kind of just fizzled out. There wasn't a lot of drama, there wasn't a lot of anger. Everything just fizzled.


It just kinda was like, this isn't gonna be forever. Yeah. Yeah. All right. By 1964, she came to the conclusion that she did not wanna be married anymore. And she reached out to her friend and lawyer, Jeha Sherman, I think it is, who helped her navigate obviously a pretty complex divorce process at that time. Yeah. Sherman said some people should never marry and Jean is one of them. Mm. She's a superior person. And there are not too many suitable matches for a person like that. Geez. I know. People are really talking her up. They they do. Yeah. So Jean and Jim's Mar Jim Harris's marriage officially came to an end in 1965. And while it wasn't the most amicable divorce in the world, I don't really know if there are many. There are a few. I feel, yeah. Jean said, Jean was said to navigate it with a remarkable grace.


Her lawyer said she was never accusatory about Jim Harris. Everyone knew what he was, he was never guilty of false advertising about himself. But Jean would never say a word against him. She was an admirable client and a real rotten divorce. So it all, and in that sense, it like, it seems like he wasn't a bad guy, it just wasn't gonna work. Yeah. And maybe he didn't want to divorce, so it probably got kind of gnarly then. Messy. Yeah. But it's like when she won't even say like a bad thing about the guy, it's like, yeah. Feels like he, he just wasn't a bad guy. It just didn't, that's what I think didn't really work. Yeah. They just weren't meant to be. I don't think they were meant to be. No, no. It doesn't sound like that. And like, obviously there are relationships where like it's your high school sweetheart and it works out, but like, for sure, not all the time, but it's a tough one.


And the older you get and the more life changes you, you change a little bit with it. You can see the differences. Yeah. Yeah. But by that point, everybody could see how unhappy Jean was in her life. So when it came to an end, the divorce and the marriage, everybody was rooting for her. Yeah. So after leaving Jim Jean and the kids moved in with one of her close friends, Doty Blaine, she needed to move in with a friend to make it for a while. And Doty had also gone through a divorce around the same time. So they spent a lot of time reflecting on and discussing what had gone wrong in their respective marriages. And they both reasonably concluded that they had just simply chosen the wrong man, which I'm sure a lot of valid people who get divorced can relate to. But this of course led to the question, if their respective ex-husbands were the wrong man, then who was the right man?


Who is he? Who's the right man? Who's this man's for me? Well, gene had given this matter a great deal of thought. Oh, had she? And she said her answer was very simple. She said very probably he was a Jewish doctor. I, I like that. She's just like, I know specific for I know who the right man for me is. It's giving Charlotte, it is Charlotte York from Sex City. Absolutely. It is. During one of their many talks, gene told Doty being Jewish, he'd be a man of superior intelligence and education. And that his quote, sematic background would also make him warmhearted and passionate, yet protective. She said, Jewish husbands really take care of their women. Wow. She really thought this went through. She did. Yeah. I like it. So her desire to find the right man might have fueled her fantasies, but she never let it interfere with the responsibilities of her real life.


After the divorce, she felt a lot of guilt for disrupting her two son's lives. And she tried every chance she could to make it up to them. She wanted to make sure that they had the best of the best and that they would have a great start to their adult lives once they were done with high school. Mm. That's fun for, yeah. She seemed like a good mom. That's good to hear that. Yeah. For a lot of women in her position, it was possible to rely on your par, their parents for help in raising kids as a single parent. Yeah. But not the case with Jean Albert. Her father seemed to have about as much fondness for his grandsons as he did for their father. And quote, flatly refused to contribute to the cost of their education. Sorry, this is their a maternal grandfather. And I'm sorry.


I think about how rad it must be to be a grandparent all the time. All the time. Because like, I love being a parent. Yeah. Like it's fun. It's obviously, it's like hard, but, well, and that's the thing. It's so fucking fun. But you, when you're a grandparent, you don't even have the hard stuff. It's being a parent without any of the responsibilities. Exactly. So it's just really like, like, you know, I, which I guess there's your answer right there. It's like, If you like being a parent, my goodness, you're gonna love being a grandparent. Yeah. 'cause it takes away any of the stress that you even were fine with. But it doesn't sound like he loved being, but he did not like being a parent. And it's like, but it's like, damn. Yeah, it's, it sounds so fun. What do do you mean? I think it's really shitty to, he didn't like their dad and he took that out on them.


Yeah. It's like, sure. That's their father. And like that's half of who they are. But yeah, it's like, that's not their fault though. Well, that's the thing. That's not their choice. So why are you holding that against them? Yeah. It's just, it's strange to me. Yeah. It really is. But also, Jean hadn't requested any alimony during the divorce process. And she was only getting about $200 a month in child support, which for two kids was not a lot. No. So if she wanted to ensure a bright future and this world class education that she wanted to give her sons, she was gonna have to find a way to increase her income dramatically. So now singularly focused, she put her own PhD work on hold and contacted the vocational office at Smith College for guidance and finding a better job.


'cause she's an alum there. Yeah. She told them she wanted to move on from teaching and work her way up to school administration, because obviously she knew that paid better. Yeah. Before long, the vocational office got back to her and they had an offer of a position of director of the middle school at Springdale, which was an elite all girls prep school in Chestnut Hill, which is a wealthy suburb of Philadelphia. Okay. And this would pay about $12,000 a year, which right now would be about $117,000. Wow. So that's a, that's a great annual salary. Hell yeah. She eagerly ACCC accepted of course. And started making preparations to move to the East coast. So a few months later she was settling into her new life in Pennsylvania and was already thriving at her position in Springdale.


While she was dedicated to the new position and dove in with a lot of enthusiasm, she still managed to find the time to make sure that her kids were also adjusting to their new home, keeping up with their requirements. 'cause they were both on scholarship, you know, helping with their schoolwork, mom duties. And late December though, she called up her old friend Marge Jacobson in New York. And Marge was like, girl, you gotta come out to New York. I am throwing a dinner party this weekend. And you know, you gotta relax a little bit. You gotta let loose, you gotta come to my party. Oh, damn. And Jean was like, I don't know, like it's gonna cost money to go. And you know, we just got the kids settled. But ultimately she did agree to go to the party. Good. Yeah. She needed it a little bit.


Yeah. I wish she had gone to like a different party. But Uhoh the party's fine. But you know, so among the attendees at Marge's party that night was Dr. Herman Tarnower. He was a prominent New York cardiologist at the time. And obviously a friend of the Jacobson's Gene didn't know a lot about him other than the fact that he was a friend of Marge and Marge's husband. Yeah. But she was immediately captivated by him. He had quite the presence. He was very charming. He had that like commanding presence. It seemed everybody around him, from his friends to his patients, had an unyielding devotion to this man. Oh, he's got charisma, charisma, uniqueness, and urban and talent. So that night, gene and Herman spent the entire evening chatting.


They were obviously each trying to impress each other with intellect and quick wit bent to Benter. When the party came to an end and they partied ways, gene assumed she'd probably never see this guy again. But a few days later, she was at home in bed with a backache and a gift unexpectedly arrived from Dr. Herman Tarnower. Oh girl. And when she opened a small package, it contained a book on Israeli art. And a brief note that read it's time you knew more about the Jews. He was a Jewish man. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Although she had only spent one night talking with Dr. Tarau, Jean was completely taken with him and was convinced that she had finally found that quote unquote right man. That she described to her friend Doty all those years earlier. Oh yeah. She, she nailed it.


He, he's a Jewish doctor. He really, yeah. He fits the bill that she described. And then a few days after the little gift, the book arrived at her house, a card arrived in the mail from Dr. Tarau and it read, you were a delight to be with, kept wondering If you could keep up with the pace also whether or not you were a good dancer. Okay. I don't love that note. Okay. Thank you. I don't love that. I was like, okay. It's a backend compliment. I kept wondering If you could keep up with the pace. Like, okay, that would be my, all right. That's very condescending. And also, oh, we get it. Yeah. Like, oh yeah, you're so, you're a big hot shot. You're so quick wi and you're such a hot shot.


Like, I wonder If you can keep up with me. Oh, fuck off. Yeah. I very different time. But I don't love that. That would not tickle my fancy. No, that would not get me. But Jean, Jean was swept away by this thing. Hey. To each their own, you know, so this was Jean's thing, And she was very excited when another card arrived a few weeks later this time from Kenya, where Dr. Town Hour was visiting. Damn. Asking whether or not she'd be interested in getting together with him in New York in March. As it's just so happened Jean was actually planning to be at a conference in New York that very weekend Sounds kismet. Sounds kismet. So she eagerly agreed to meet him for dinner. Now, throughout her marriage to Jim, one of the things that really irked Jean about him was his lack of initiative and like creativity.


Yeah. He didn't really have any ideas or wants of his own, which made it so that she had to always decide everything. Yeah. And I can understand why that would be frustrating. Yeah. So, to her delight, Herman was the exact opposite. He was decisive and firm, happy to choose the restaurant or the evening's activities. And high, as she began to call him, was thoughtful, adventurous, and very romantic. So within a few days of the dinner in New York, flowers arrived at Jean's office. Okay. And her house, two sets of flowers. Oh. And High, called to check back in. It was like everything she wanted in a man, like she described to Doty a few years earlier, had materialized and been handed to her. Oh, it really sounds that way. Yeah. So a few, a few weeks later, Jean was back in New York this time to celebrate High's 57th birthday.


And over the course of the weekend, they saw Broadway show together. They saw all the New York landmarks ate at some of the nicest restaurants, unlike her ex-husband, whose interests were, according to her pedestrian and vapid, at least to Jean High, was cultured and seemed to pursue his interest with enthusiasm, which is again, exactly what she was looking for. Yeah. So within a few months of dating, gene and High had completely fallen in love and high disclosed to his friend Mark Jacobson, that he was planning on asking Gene to marry him. Whoa. By then, gene had met a lot of, he's friends at the galas and the country club events that they went to on weekends or at the dinner parties that he would held hold in his very opulent home. Mm.


To those who knew them, their affection for one another was obvious. So it came as no surprise to Marge that High wanted to marry Jean, even though their romance had been pretty short up to that point. Yeah, it feels that way. So it was like, it wasn't a surprise, but it was like a little, like right now, it was just like, oh, are you sure? Okay. Alright. Like, I saw this coming, but like I would've talked you out of it kind. Yeah. I saw this coming, but I was thinking maybe like a little more down the road. Yeah. But in a letter dated March, 1967 to Jean from High, he expressed those feelings in writing. So he said, darling, I love you very, very much. How can I tell I miss you and want to share so many things with you sharing That must be love.


Are most people who marry in love? Yes. I hope so. What happens? So few are really happy you will give me all the answers this weekend. Drive carefully. You'll be transporting valuable cargo. Wow. Yeah. He is. He that's, that's fucking molasses thick. Yeah. That he's laying it on. It's giving in a place of sex in the city. It's giving Richard, oh my God. Yes. It's got Richard vibes. Richard. Wow. I kind of loved Richard. You can't not love Richard. That's the thing. You gotta hate 'em later, But you, yeah. I hate 'em at some point. But you love 'em till then. I get it. You do. So that spring and summer, the romance deepened, which was reflected in their regular communications Hai wrote in a letter, another letter in the spring.


Darling, my love for you grows deeper all the time. I feel that we could be very, very happy together. May I suggest we try to spend a very, very long weekend together around Memorial Day to see If you can really put up with me for more than a few hours without getting terribly irritated or bored. I love this.


Behind those cozy nights at home, thousands of employees at BP go to work every day. People producing more US natural gas people building grid scale, solar capacity, people turning landfill, waste gas into pipeline quality, renewable natural gas, and people delivering all of that power where it's needed. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at bp.com/investing in America.


At Mathis Home, we understand that your home is a reflection of you. And during our spring style event, we have fresh new looks that are waiting to make your home look and feel great at the lowest prices. With all the latest styles in Bloom, you'll find savings in every department, whether it's a clean and modern sectional or a rustic and traditional dining table, we have it in stock with fast and free delivery. Come find the look that's right for you. During the spring style event at your furniture superstore Mathis home,


It was clear from the letters that high was building to building up to Jean to marry him. Hell yeah. And over that long Memorial Day weekend, he did just that, giving her an emerald cut diamond ring. Oh damn. Proposing in a very traditional fashion. Love that. I love an emerald cut. Hell yeah. I love an oval cut. That's what I have. But I also love an emerald cut. You like, just to be clear, I'm like, I love both high's. Proposal came as kind of a shock to everybody who knew him best and had seen the way that he had dodged commitment time and time again in the past. Mrs. Arthur Sult, a friend who had known high for years, said he always had very attractive women friends. He was always very generous with time and money, but he never married Jean. On the other hand though, thought little, if anything, of high's history with women and just happily accepted his proposal.


Yeah. Which you can understand. Yeah. Since the early days of her marriage to Jim Harris, she fantasized about having a partner who was her intellectual equal, but who could also provide a sense of security. And she felt like she had found that in high. Yeah. But the problem though is that fantasies don't usually hold together when they're subjected to all the complexities of the real world. No. They tend to bend under pressure. They do. And you know, we're gonna get there. But Jean was ecstatic about high's proposal of marriage. And despite the fact that marrying him would require uprooting her life and starting over in New York, she didn't hesitate to say yes in the moment. What she hadn't thought about though was how uprooting that life would affect her teenage sons who had already had their lives disrupted by their parents' divorce just a few years earlier.


Yeah, you're right. But it did occur to her at, at a certain point that summer during a visit with Marge Jacobson, the reality of everything started to sink in for Jean. And she said, Marge, I cannot marry high for a year. I cannot take those children out of school again. I took them away from their father already. Well, that was, I mean, that was thoughtful. Yeah. And I feel like that speaks to the kind of mom that she was. Yeah. But you know, her concerns were reasonable, but they turned out to be actually completely unnecessary. In August, just a few months after he'd proposed, Jean raised the issue of setting a date for the wedding so she could make longer term plans. And to her surprise, high hesitated, something that he rarely did in conversation and said, Jean, I can't go through with it.


I'm afraid of it. I can't go through with it. And I'm sorry. Wow. Yeah. I didn't see that coming. Yeah. Everyone who knew Jean expected high's response to come as a big shock to her, actually, like it just was to you. But she responded very coolly. She told friends It hurt for a while, I suppose, but I'm not very surprised. He isn't a marrying man. I don't really know what all the reasons are. Huh. Yeah, so interesting. Yeah, it took quite the turn. It was like, I feel like it was so, you know, hot and heavy, for lack of a better term for a while. Yeah. And like really reached a pinnacle point, and then, then it burned out, like Yeah, but it doesn't burn completely out.


Yeah, eventually it does. But it kind of like burns out, then goes, it's like a heartbeat monitor where it's like up, down, up, down, you know? Yeah. And then it kind of flatlines for a minute forever. Yeah. Okay. So with marriage off the table, Jean put her engagement ring back in its box, wrapped it up and sent it back to high, not wanting to reveal her disappointment to her former fiance. Damn. But to her surprise high called the moment he received the ring. And in insisted that she keep it. And a few days later he actually drove down to Philadelphia himself, ring in hand, and again insisted that she keep it. Wow. That night, according to Jean's sons, she and high locked themselves in the bedroom and argued about the future of their relationship. For hours from high's perspective, Jean deserved to be with somebody who wanted to marry her.


And that just wasn't him. He just simply didn't wanna be married. So in his mind, the right thing to do was to remove himself from the equation. His decision not to get married appeared to put an end to the relationship altogether. But in the weeks that followed, they did continue to see each other from time to time. Mm. And in the meantime, and between all of that, Jean threw herself completely into work to try to distract herself from just the disappointment of it all. And at the same time, her chronic back pain, which she had actually struggled with for most of her life, started flaring up worse than ever. It seems like stress. Yeah. Anxiety and stuff. Yeah. As soon as high heard about jean's back pain from friends, he called her immediately and recommended a new painkiller and even went as far as sending her a prescription for the pills.


So the distance from high, the painkillers altogether appeared to have given Jean some clarity around the relationship. And she started to consider if she might be willing to compromise her wants, especially if it meant that she was not going to lose him forever. What seems to have occurred to Jean was the fact that high's desire to no longer see her or marry her didn't mean that he didn't love her. Just that he wanted to protect her reputation from anybody who might see their not being married as somehow abnormal. Yeah. 'cause at the time, yeah, you didn't have like a long-term partner. You got married. You living in sin, you living in sin. After all, though, high Tarau was a fiercely independent, strong-willed man who'd rarely compromised.


And that aspect of his pro, of his personality was probably not gonna change so late in life. And she knew that. Mm. So one night, a few months after they separated, Jean wrote high a letter saying, dear High, what a strange and wonderful and awful three months these have been, and what a lot of soul searching thoughts they have evoked. I know a letter from me is not what you want most in the world, but there are so many important things to say. Everything about us is important to me high because I've never experienced love before until you and love I've, I've discovered means wanting to share every thought and sensation. In fact, needing to share as far as never seeing you again is concerned. I won't let it happen. However much you protest, if your social engagements continue to be as pressing as they are this weekend, perhaps you could work me in during office hours.


Wow. Yeah. Also, I just wanna write letters again. I know this whole letter writing thing, I'm like, wow, this is so much more like passionate Yeah. And dramatic and all that. Yeah. I love a letter. Yeah. Shana Alexander, the journalist I mentioned early, wrote to Jean, the letter was a proclamation that she was a modern woman to Herman. It may have seemed a license to resume his lifetime bachelor habits, but whatever the case, the letter worked. Yeah. Hi. Called a few weeks later and did arrange a date to see her and the children in New York in the winter of 1967, thus beginning a new phase of Jean and he's relationship. Hmm. It's impossible to know what Dr. Herman High Auer understood his relationship with Jean to be, but it is clear that they probably would have described it in decidedly different terms.


Mm. To Jean, everything that was starting back up again was a restoration of the way that things had been, even though it was on a restricted schedule where she could only see him on the weekends or holidays or when he had time to see her. Yeah. For high. On the other hand, jean's apparent compromise seemed, as Shane Alexander suggested to have been interpreted as her implicit permission for him to carry on his bachelor lifestyle and just be able to casually see her when their lifestyles or when their schedules would allow. Yeah. So basically she was like, it's just gonna be that I'll see him on a limited schedule. And he was like, it's just that I'll see her on a limited schedule and in between then I can fuck whoever I want.


Yeah. This just doesn't sound like this doesn't sound good. Yeah. It basically, it became an open relationship Yeah. Without ever having a conversation about it. Yeah. Which is never good. It feel. Yeah. I'm an open relationship. I'm sure it can work. But's gotta be be Yeah. I mean, to each their own a sit down conversation where like limits and Yeah. You both be on the same page. Parameters are set up. Yeah. No matter what, you both have to be on the same page. Yeah. Because matter what what your relationship is, matter what you're in a relationship. Exactly. Yeah. So to high's, closest friends, the turn in rela in his relationship with Jean and his selfish desire to carry on exactly as he pleased, did not come as much of a surprise when she learned that the marriage had been called off. Marge Jacobson reached out to High to find out what had happened, And she really only got a basic explanation.


He said, gene understands that we won't marry, but I have promised her that I would take care of her and I mean it, she's remembered in my will. Oh. So she was in his will. Damn. Yeah. This is so, this is so, like, it's kind of progressive. It's, it's very interesting. It's progressive, but, but not at the same time. Yeah. But like the complete opposite of progressive. Yeah. Because it's Gene giving in to him, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like, it, it, it comes off as this very like, wow. Like, they're so forward thinking and they're kinda like to removing boundaries to make this work for them. And it's like, but it's not, and well, and ultimately that's not what Jean wanted.


It's working for half of them. Yeah. You know, like the one half of them is completely compromising while the other one is not at all. Right. And it doesn't sound, I couldn't find any information to see that Jean had other relationships too that she Yeah. You know, filled her time with when she wasn't seeing hi. So it was kind of like a one-sided open relationship. Yeah. Which, yeah, that's definitely not ideal. Yeah. And, and again, I it's not, I don't think it's what she ultimately wanted. No. I think she just didn't wanna lose him. This that's, this is, this feels like that desperation. Yeah. So she, yeah. She gave up her own wants and needs Yeah. Which was really unlike her. Yeah. But to Marge, the response was characteristic of, of Dr.


Auer typical cold detachment years later. She said, the truth is, I think high was incapable of loving. He had tremendous family feeling, but without love High only loved himself and was quite insensitive to everybody else. Ooh. That's sad. I know. That's a sad way to be. It is. And you wonder what he came from way I was gonna say, to become that what led to that. Yeah. Yeah. For Gene High selfishness was one of the things that actually made him such a great man in the eyes of others, though he was driven to succeed despite the odds. And that drive had pushed him to become one of the most well-respected doctors in New York. She once told a close friend, hi is great to be with because he's so selfish. He does what he wants and that makes him a damn good company.


Is there anyone worse to be around than some self-made martyr forever telling you I did it for the children's sake. It sounds like she was convincing herself, and I think I'm, I'm sorry, what? I think a lot of people can relate to the sentiment of convincing yourself that you're 100% that a terrible quality in somebody is actually their best quality. It's actually, it would be awful if they weren't like this. Yeah. It's like, that's, that, that is like the most like, desperate, please just believe me that, that this is totally fine and that I would hate this any other way to say like, somebody who's selfish is the best kind of person to be around.


No, they're actually, I mean, they're the worst kind of person to be around. That's, that's just like diabolically untrue. And it's also like, it's like this weird form of self-sabotage. It really is. Because it's like, no, it's, you be selfish. Yeah. If you think that's a great quality, possess it for a little bit. Be selfish. Do what you wanna do, Jean. That's the thing, you know? Yeah. And, and you don't even have to be selfish to do that. No. But he is, you know, he was being selfish. Yeah. And I just, you feel it's, it really is like, it's like a form of Stockholm syndrome. Yeah. It really is. It is. Well, and it's complicated because she let it happen.


Absolutely. So I, there are a lot of men that if there're allowed to be selfish, they're going to be, there's a lot of women. I was gonna say, and on the flip side, there's lot of women who are super selfish and crazy. Yeah. So anyway, going back to the story, one woman who dated Dr. Tarau described him as quote, a Jewish bachelor prince accustomed to being pursued, but at the same time, high seemed to proudly reject the need for love and connection as a human weakness. Shana Alexander wrote, I don't love anybody and I don't need anybody. Became his proud and off repeated credo. Oh man. Yeah. Which clearly, yeah. Something happened along the, along the way very clearly. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe something in childhood, maybe something, there's gotta be something in that.


Yeah. Maybe like a first relationship for sure. Something is there. Yeah. It's possible that jean's perspective on high, he's personality with some kind of a defense mechanism, like we were just saying. Or it's also possible that she just completely romanticized his behavior to make it more tolerable. I think it's a mixture of both. I think it is too. But whatever the case, it seems unlikely that she expected high selfishness or his callousness would extend to his romantic relationships when it came to the emotions that he claimed to have loved, you know? Yeah. Yet in the years that followed, as they continued to see each other on a truncated schedule, Dr. Tarau was carrying on relationships with several women during the week while Gene was in Pennsylvania. It's also like, isn't that like, it's just, that sounds like a lot of work.


I mean, yeah. Aren't you tired? But it sounds like a lot of work, but it also sounds like it was filling his cup in a different way. That's it. And again, I think it points back to, I think he actually needed to be loved on a, on a mass scale, on a different level scale. Yeah. And I think I'm looking at it probably he's not looking at it through an emotional lens. No. So it's not a lot of work. No. Because there's no heavy lifting in the emotional department, and he's kind of getting, he's getting everything he needs out it kind his cake and eating it too. So it's like, for him, it's really not a lot of work. He's not carrying on full-blown love affairs with people. You know what I mean? It sounds like, well, no, he kind of is, or like his version of a love affair, which is just, to me, it sounds like the flowery language and everything Yeah.


Kind of comes naturally to him. Yeah. Like he's a, the charm thing, like when he goes Right. Doesn't sound like a lot of work. He goes right up to the point of commitment. Exactly. And sometimes even makes that commitment and then backs out. Yeah. I mean, because well listen to this. Yeah. There was act in, in some cases, these relationships that he was carrying on were short term casual relationships, but some of them were what I'm sure the women considered to be serious. Yeah. There were two women that he proposed to, one in 1970 and one in 1971 before ultimately calling off those engagements just like he had with Jean. Damn. So like, so he would get right there. Yeah. And I do wonder, I'm, I I, I could see this going both ways. I could see it as he maybe was like, I, I, I wanna get married, like I'm supposed to get married.


This is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Or it's what those women needed to stick around for exactly the extra mile. Yeah. You know, like he knows what he needs to do to Yeah. To keep it going for as long as he wants to keep it going. Or maybe he thought that that's what he wanted. Yeah. Who knows? And decided to call it off. Who knows? Because it's pure speculation. 'cause, you know, 'cause we don't know. I don't know him, and he's not here to say unfortunately. Oh. So whether he was just completely oblivious or cruel, can never be known. But high seemed, at least on certain occasions, to be under the impression that Jean did share his casual attitude toward their relationship. Mm. And the two instances that he proposed marriage to other women in 1970 and 1971, he actually called Jean to announce his engagements, which is a little cruel in my opinion.


But I don't know if he thought, yikes, you know, we're in an open relationship. I'm also like, did you think that like those women were gonna be down for that? It's like he, 'cause I'm like, is he just trying to like, abide by the quote unquote open relationship of it all and be like, you need to know when I am become, because who knows if they had, they did talk about a thing, and again, pure speculation, possibly had a conversation. Maybe they had a conversation where it was like, If you are getting serious about someone, I need to know. Yeah. Like, you need to tell me. So maybe he's like, I'm, I'm getting the most serious. That's absolutely possible. You never know. I don't, it's possible. Yeah. I don't think that was the case. Yeah. It doesn't sound like there was a lot of like, discussions around this, the form of this relationship.


But I also, and again, pure speculation, I think this became a little bit of a game. Yeah. And I think there was some satisfaction in stringing along and Yeah. Pull holding off. And some, I mean, some relationships like the, like these kind of toxic, they're addictive style relationship. And that's the thing, they become addictive. Yes. And you become addictive to both parties. Yeah. To the, the drama, the back and forth and the drama and the, you know, the, the love bombing when you make up and how everything's great. And then, you know, like the ups and downs become this like, ride that you just can't take yourself off of. Yeah, exactly. So, well, to most who knew him, those, those around him.


This, you know, calling her and being like, Hey, I am engaged. Oh, that didn't work out, but I'm engaged again, was just further evidence of his tendency to be a little cruel and a little thoughtless. But Jean Tarnower consummate apologist tried to maintain a sense of humor about it, at least in public situations. She once joked to a friend when he told me she had four children, I knew he'd never marry her. Wow. It's just like, oh, damn. Again, I say, damn. I know. As time went on though, Jean took whatever high I was willing to give, but otherwise focused her attention on her career. In 1972, she left the school she was working at for a position as head mistress at the Thomas School. Another all girls private school.


This was in, I think it's Rowayton, Connecticut. But the relocation of Connecticut brought her closer to New York. And a lot of her friends speculated that that was not an accident. Yeah. That she probably took that job so that she would have a shorter commute to sea high. That makes sense. Should he want to see her though? Oh, because it was like she, he told her when they were gonna get together. Yeah, yeah.


In the early hours of December 4th, 2024, CEO, Brian Thompson stepped out onto the streets of Midtown Manhattan. This assailant pulls out a weapon and starts firing At him. We're talking about the CEO of the biggest private health insurance corporation in the world. And the suspect He has been identified as Luigi Nicholas Manone became One of the most divisive figures in modern criminal history. I was Targeted, premeditated, and meant to. So terror. I'm Jesse Weber, host of Luigi produced by Law and Crime and Twist. This is more than a true crime investigation. We explore a uniquely American moment that could change the country forever. He's Awoken the people to a true issue. Finally, maybe this would lead rich and powerful people to acknowledge the barbaric nature of our healthcare system. Listen to law and crimes. Luigi exclusively on Wondery Plus you can join Wondery Plus and the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


Anyway, I I just know this, I can, I know this. Yeah, I know this relationship. Yeah. Like, it's just, I'm, I'm listening to it. I'm like, Ugh, it's sad. And it's a, the desperation on the other side is, that's rough. Well, and again, like going back to her childhood, think about what was ingrained in her. Yeah. Like, I mean, she, she was desperate. Grew up with somebody who was a man who never saw her, who never as enough made her feel like she was enough and who she had to always constantly beg and fight for the attention or any kind of like pat on the back or any kind of compliment. And it's like, it does carry into Yeah. You know. Well, and then I, and going even further.


So that was her whole childhood. And then she married a man who she felt was the complete opposite of that. Yeah. And that didn't work out. So she went right back to square one. Yeah. And she was like, how do I, how do I manage to keep this? Yeah. You know, and I'm sure she saw it as like a her problem when obviously it wasn't for sure. It was just that was, it was kind of relationship. You don't even sometimes to, yeah. Sometimes You don't even need to have that kind of upbringing or anything like that to fall into that. No. You know what I mean? I think it just adds a layer when you do, but you're right. Yeah. Like, sometimes that just happens. I have a great father, oh, Papa fucking rocks, who thinks I'm the bee's knees and always told me I was the bee's knees. Yeah. And like, was great and is great and remains great. Hell yeah.


And we'll be great forever. And I still dated somebody and there was this a similar kind of relationship where it was like, I was constantly trying to hold on to this awful situation. And it kind of was like a, I'll see you when I see you. Which was literally like, I have control of the situation kind of thing. Oh yeah. So it's like, You don't even need to have that background. But when you have that background, I'm sure it's, if that was, if I, and I'm only thinking of my own thing. Yeah. If it was, that was hard to get out of for me, who has no psychological reason to be trapped in that way of thinking. To have a background and a trauma that builds upon that. Yeah.


That's keeping you There must be like being in quicksand. Oh yeah. You know, I can relate to it. Not my dad is not Gene's dad by any sense. But we have a strained relationship. Yeah. And I, he wasn't a huge part of my childhood. And you know, like, I love my dad, but it's not my, my relationship with my dad is not my ideal relationship. No. And my, my relationship with my mom, as we all know, is not super fuego. No. Not super fuego. So in my early years, like in my teens and like very early twenties, I was seeking out relationships for sure. I would get the most attention. But it, they weren't great relationships. Exactly. Any attention or any attention. Yeah. Any attention was good attention. Even like, you know.


Yeah. Yeah. But then you, you either realize that that's a pattern and you divert from that pattern. Yeah. Which I did, because Drew is the most amazing man on the planet. Yeah. Or you stay on that road and it doesn't work out. It's difficult, but it's hard. Yeah, it is. 'cause when, I mean, I didn't understand, like my John, I didn't understand why he was being so kind. Yeah. And why he was saying like, truthful things. Yeah. And being open. I was like totally averse to it. 'cause I was like, I what? Like, who are you? Well, and you know what? I also think, obviously the father is a big part of the way that women pick partners. I also think other experiences in life for sure. Like, not to like bring it to a dark place, But you were bullied.


Yeah. Your first relationship was not iconic. No. And then your second one was not iconic, even less of a better relationship. But then you, as you get older, you do, you can dive again, divert from that path and kind of start to find the things that you like about yourself. Yeah. And then when somebody is then, you know, confirming those things that they like those things too. It can be a little jarring at first. Yeah. Because you're like, but then you're like, oh shit, you're shit, I do deserve this. Yeah. That's the thing. I think I, I hope, and I, I wish that every woman or person got to that point. Well, that's why I'm like, I'm like everyone listening. Yeah. You deserve it. You deserve, If you think you don't deserve it, and you're being like, this person's too nice.


I don't deserve this. You deserve it. You absolutely deserve it. So shut up. Yeah. Everybody deserves some kind of shut up. Yeah. Take it. We've been so, like, self-help lately. Well, yeah, because I just feel like it's just necessary, man. We're in a place of positivity. We're trying to, I'm trying to bring more positivity, more light around everywhere. Yeah. You know, and we need it. The world needs it. Yeah. Well, so back to the story. I know we're, we're really going off. It's like old school today. It's some, some of you guys miss that. So this is free, you know, and we miss that. So we miss that. And we're allowed to go off track. So bitch, here it is. I do what I want. Yeah. So most of the time, like, so she took a new job, and again, she took the job at least in part to be closer to, to be a little closer.


So she took her new job at the time of her move, private schools around the country were going through kind of a rough period. There was a na, a national recession going on. And obviously widespread financial difficulties were causing enrollments to drop. Which of course then dramatically affected the budgets at the Thomas school and others like it. In her time at Springside where she used to work, Jean had actually gained a reputation for being a very tough, but very efficient administrator. So the offer of the new position at the Thomas school came with the understanding that she would be expected to turn things around for the struggling institution. Oh, okay. And one of the big things that they needed from her was to improve enrollment among other things. Yeah. So that was a very high stress, very high pressure job.


And at it, I think in a, in a previous point in her life, it would've been a great job for her. Yeah. At this point in her life, it did not suit her in the slightest. Yeah. She had always been a little bit moody and kind of, you know, irritable at times. But after taking the job at the Thomas School, everybody noticed that she was becoming even more unpredictable. She would often lose her composure and even scream at students over the slightest things and things at the school were a lot more dire than she even anticipated. Oh man. And she was very much in over her head. It was a lot more than just one person was gonna be able to fix. Yeah. In 1975, the Thomas School actually closed permanently. Oh damn. And Jean found herself out of work, And she was forced to take a job with the Allied Maintenance Corporation, which was a janitorial supply company.


It paid well the job, but for Jean, who always wanted her work to contribute to the betterment of children, it was a slog. Yeah. And even worse, it didn't really carry any of the prestige or social status that she enjoyed as being a head mistress at an elite private school. So while her professional life had become mundane and disappointing, her personal life was really in no better shape. Things with high hadn't changed. And her chronic back problems were persisting even getting worse. And actually caused her to develop a heavy reliance on dioxin, which was a prescription painkiller prescribed to her by Dr. Tarau. Oh. It's an interesting choice of a painkiller. Yeah. Throughout the 1970s and into the early eighties, dein a brand name for the generic drug methamphetamine was technically approved for the treatment of A DHD, but was also approved by the FDA for the off-label treatment of obesity and narcolepsy, among other things.


Essentially, they said, just do meth about it. That I was just, I was like, they were so wily back then. Yeah. Like, they were just like, just do meth about it. And when you think about it, this is the seventies that's like not that long ago. No. I mean now, now it, it really is. Fuck, we're all thinking of it in like 2000 I, I think of everything. Yeah. 50 years. Yeah. Damn. Because I always think the nineties were 10 years ago. Same. So it's like, this is, but I would be like, it's hard for me to comprehend. Yeah. I'd be like 12 if that was the case. Or like even younger. Yeah. Or just not even exist. I don't know, meth. But let's get back to the meth. Like many stimulants, Dyson, AK meth had some serious physical and psychological side effects, including Yeah.


Would, it's a last resort for a lot of people at this point. Yeah. But back then they just threw it. Right. But a resort going back then, they were just like, here, do this. But the side effects included increased heart rate, rapid breathing, tremors, restlessness, increased body temperature, euphoria, but unfortunately dysphoria as well. Grandiosity, repetitive and obsessive behaviors, the list goes on. Oh boy. These side effects also tended to be more common in people who were not diagnosed with A DHD because this was a medicine to treat a DH adhd. Yeah. So If you don't have that, the side effects are gonna be worse. Yeah, for sure. Gene experienced many of those side effects listed above because she did not have a DH adhd And she even experienced other side effects as well.


Oh man. According to Sheena Alexander dioxin is not just speed, but high speed. It hits the central nervous system five to 10 times faster than ordinary amphetamines. Oh shit. Rather in the manner of cocaine. Wow. So it's snap instant, like it hits you. Oh, that's so scary. It is. It absolutely is. Yeah. So aside from that, yeah. Things started looking up in mid 1977, aside from the meth, aside from the meth of it, all things were looking up. In mid 1977, gene learned about an opening for another headmistress position at the Madeira school, which again, was one of the most, the nation's most prestigious private schools in Washington. DC, the job actually paid less than what she was making at Allied Maintenance and would require her to move further from New York.


And that meant further from high Tarn hour. Ah, but for somebody in her field, the job was considered a crowning achievement because of the, the prestigious nature. Yeah. Thanks to the Desen Jean's back pain was manageable and helped her accomplish far more than she might've otherwise been able to, which impressed the board at Madeira. And soon she was installed as the school's new headmistress. Damn. So the job was a welcome distraction for her because her life had become really lonely at this point. Her kids had left for school, for college, and after college, they, you know, went on to starting families of their own, going to find jobs. That whole thing. She was by herself. And when she wasn't at work, she spent a lot of her time just alone.


And on the increasingly rare occasions when she and I did spend time together, it was clear that things between them had really changed. Yeah. Once assertive and vibrant, Jean was very demure now in high's presence, and didn't participate in a lot of conversations the way that she had in the past. Oh. And for his part high seemed more distant and cold with Jean than he had ever been. Oh, no. He rarely told her that he loved her. And actually, according to people who knew them, kind of seemed to delight in withholding affection from her. Oh, that sucks. I think it got to his head a little bit. Yeah. Like the, the nature of their relationship. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, I could see that.


You know, so the change, it's easy for that to happen. It is. Yeah. The change in Dr. Tarau attitude towards Jean May have had something to do with his ongoing relationship with a woman named Lynn Tyro, who was his lab assistant at the Scarsdale Medical Group. Lynn and I dated kind of casually for a few years, but by the time Jean started at the Madeira School in 1977, Lynn and High had become more serious. Like his other relationships high's, relationship with Lynn was not a secret, and obviously wasn't something he was trying to keep from Jean. But in the past, Jean had always made, tried to maintain a casual attitude about high dating other women, including Lynn herself. But the more and more time they were spending together Lynn and High, it was clear that something was different here.


Yeah. The relationship seemed far more serious and for probably the first time in her relationship with him, gene started to feel uncontrollable jealousy. Oh no. Which I'm sure the meth didn't help. I'm sure that did not help. Probably not. Gene's feelings of jealousy were often exacerbated by the overlapping presence of she and Lynn in Dr. Tarau life. Yeah. For instance, that's gonna be hard. Oh yeah. Like for instance, on one occasion, July, 1976, Jean was spending the weekend at High's apartment in New York, and Lynn just arrived to the apartment with her kids to use his pool. Oof. So his kids just hop in the pool and Lynn starts painting the patio furniture where, like around where Jean was sitting.


So Jean tried to ignore her for a little bit, but finally turned to Lynn and said, does it not seem bizarre to you, Lynn, that you are here painting his furniture while I'm here? It seems real bizarre. It seems bizarre. The whole thing seems bizarre to me. Jean Lynn apparently didn't understand what she meant, and Jean rephrased the question and said, Lynn, why the hell are you here? And in response, she said, Lynn said, I'm here because I'm allowed to be. And she kept painting. Oh, damn. I'm like, girls, why do you want this? Yeah, exactly. It's like girls, that's when you do what, what I did you, you band together gang up. You get those girls together. Have you ever, oh my God. If anybody is looking for like a good, like, it's not even like a romcom, I hate to say this, but it's a chick flick.


Yeah. The other woman. Oh yeah. Such a good, remember we watched that with BA once? Yes. It's such a good movie. We absolutely did. I love that movie. I'm telling you, best thing you can do band together and ruin his life. Yeah. That's all. Not in this case. But no. So Lynn has never spoken publicly about her relationship with Herman Tarau, and Dr. Tarau is unable to speak for himself. So we only have Gene's interpretation of events. Okay. Which are probably biased. Yeah. But still to the outside observer, it did seem that while he might not have orchestrated the run-ins between Lynn and Jean, Dr. Tarau still got a certain amount of pleasure that came from the drama, you know?


Yeah. In fact, according to Alexander, many observers surmise that Tarau deliberately encouraged each woman to be jealous of the next, in order to feed his own ego. He encourages Jean to think of Lynn as a slut to Lynn. He evidently portrays Jean as a bothersome old lady. Oh man. By the way, that's a quote. That's not my words. Yeah. In 1977, shortly before she started her job at the Madeira school, Jean actually started getting harassing phone calls at home from an anonymous caller. Sometimes it was a woman's voice on the other line, and sometimes it was a man's, but it was never a voice that she recognized rather than a prank call from some random person. Though the calls seemed to be targeting Gene, specifically telling her that she was old and pathetic, quote unquote, and that she should quote unquote rollover and die.


Holy shit. Yeah. Other times the caller would describe a li explicit sex acts that Dr. Tarau had performed on other women. Oh. And the caller suggested that Jean should quote, take sex lessons, implying that like she wasn't pleasing him anymore. Wow. So she started with getting these calls at home, but before long she, the call started coming in at work where the anonymous caller would leave a phone number with jean's secretary and request a return call. And when Jean would call the number, they would start up again with the harassing comments and just hang up abruptly. Wow. Yeah. Also, what are sex lessons?


I don't know. I'm sorry. That's just like, imagine I'm literally taking it to a place of sex in the city. Again, that's, that's not even a good, like, that's not a good read. Hey, you should take some sex lessons. Like, I'd be like, that's stupid. That's it. I would say, fuck you. That's something to say. Remember though, in Sex in the City, when they go to that tantric sex class together. Yes. That's all I can think of. That's, I feel like that's a sex lesson. I guess so. But like, I mean there's more, but what a bad That feels like something you say when you, when you ran out of, you didn't plan ahead. Yeah. You didn't plan your insult ahead. Yeah. Also, I just take some sex lessons. Like what? Stupid. It's just like where, okay, where are those? Okie doke.


Okie doke. Well, whenever Jean received one of these calls, she would immediately call Lynn and accuse her of making the calls, even though she didn't recognize the voice, or she, she figured maybe Lynn arranged for somebody else to make the calls. Yeah. But every time Lynn claimed she had nothing to do with this and demanded that Jean just stop calling her. She even went as far Lynn went as far as complaining to Hai that Jean had been harassing her. And Hai took Lynn's side and demanded that Jean stopped the foolish behavior. Or he would end their relationship. You gotta end the relationship. Then it's if he's taken another woman's side, you he's declared. Yeah. Like that's, you've heard all you need to hear. Yeah. Move forward. He quiet. Quit. He kind of loud quit. Yeah. He absolutely, he like loudly quit.


Yeah. And it's like that's, yeah. Get out of there. Yeah. Well, the calls were soon followed by obscene letters sent to Jean's home in office, which were always written in a very unfamiliar handwriting. Hmm. In time. She changed her phone number actually multiple times. But every time this caller managed to get the new number and the harassment continued. Geez, you have to assume it was somebody that he was seeing. Absolutely. Because I don't think Lynn and Jean were the only people he was seeing. So, didn't sound like it. I'm sure he had some kind of, what did is od Dial? Is that like what it is where you like write people Rolodex? Rolodex. I liked your version though. What did it say? Rol od Dial Rol reader. Oh, we had a Rolodex at mom office, house.


Remember it? I can picture it. Yeah. I used to flick through it when I was little. Yeah. But I'm sure he had one of those 100% and would write down jean's new number and someone would get it. Yeah. But before long, the stress started taking a toll on Jean, which only exacerbated her depression and anxiety. And one day in 1978, she got a call from a former coworker at the Thomas school, psychiatric social worker, SIG Gerhardt, wondering if she might be planning to be in New York City soon. Gerhardt always respected Jean and really loved working with her. He said to me, she represented everything I think an educated woman should be, but for all her professionalism, he could tell that she was in distress. He said later she was in great fear of something like she was paranoid.


Hmm. So he had no immediate plans to be in the city, but he told Jean that if it was important, he would make the time and go see her. So she declined to take him up on the offer immediately. Min, minimizing her needs. He said she wouldn't open up, she wouldn't tell me what it was, and I never heard from her again. Hmm. But it was very clear. Yeah. She was not doing well. No, it doesn't sound like it. Yeah. The mysterious phone calls and letters, which would literally never be solved weren't the only harassment that Jane experienced at the time. In 1979, after returning home from a trip to the Caribbean with High, she found several pieces of her clothing that she kept at his apartment had been slashed and ripped. And it also appeared that several items of clothing had been speared with something quote brown and sticky that Jean concluded was feces.


Fuck that. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing's worth this, everybody. It's not nothing. And no one is worth this. Yeah, no. That's where it feces on my clothes. I'm out. Yeah. You got, that's if there, that's, that's where it is. I mean, my personally, mine is way before that. But like your boundaries should be there. Yeah. That should be really when you Yeah. That's when you say, you know what we, we did what we had to do. We said what we had to say, this is not fine anymore. If it's getting to a point where shit is getting speared on my clothes.


Yeah. I'm gonna go, when it's to rule of thumb to a point of feces, I'm, I'm not peace out. I'm not. I'm ride or die until feces become involved in that. Yeah. I am. Then when feces enters the chat, you leave the chat, I leave. Yeah. Yeah. That's when I leave the conversation. Yeah. That's really upsetting. It is. And you just wonder who it was. That's the, I'm like, who the fuck did that? We never find out. God, I don't want to, I don't, yeah. I don't even want to know. But like the harassing phone calls, Jean herself concluded that Lynn was behind the dis the destruction of her clothing. Of course. But she could never say with complete certainty. No, she never would be able to. But she would devolve a lot further into madness, I would say.


Yeah. And a lot of just other really sad things that were gonna get into in part two. Oh man. I think we really set the scene there. We, you got to know Jean we early childhood and ramp enough life and we're, we're on a downward trajectory now. Yeah. So we're gonna save that for part two. I feel like it's, I feel like the pressure cooker is, it's all, it's strategically placed. It's, and I think it's coming. It's, yeah, it's on and it's full of feces. Oh no. Yeah. No, there's no more feces in part two. Okay, good. I was like, oh no. Can you imagine? Tell me there's not a ton of feces here. No, that's it. So in the meantime, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it.


We do. You wanna do it? So weird that you join us for our bonus episode that's going to come out tomorrow on March 7th and it's gonna be a fucking banger. Ooh, Ooh, ooh. Please stay with us. Even though we said feces a lot. Feces is fun. It's better than shit. Come back tomorrow. See ya. Shit.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Corey, and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds, we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the Thai Cave Rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines. They're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the Odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today.