
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify. You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over one million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that will inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and even more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Recently I listened to So Thirsty, which was really good. I like how the narrator went between the two characters voices. That was really fun. And then I just started listening to God of the Woods. So good. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Let's BOGO the Hopin Good Sale at Designer Shoe Warehouse is on. Buy any pair of shoes in store or online. Get a second qualifying pair. 50% off. Yep. Must have sandals, sneakers, and more from brands you love. Or buy one, get one 50% off at DSW, but only for a limited time. So hop to it. Fill your basket and score BOGO. 50% off at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this is Morbid. See, And this is why I wouldn't do that. I'm sick and I committed, but also, like I said, I don't know if it'll, it's already on camera, but I think I'm scarier than any voice I can conjure. So, well, welcome to episode 666.


Yay. In case you couldn't tell, we're the devil. Yeah, it's the Satanic episode. Yeah, yeah's the episode of the Beast. Yeah. And that's exciting. I really like the difference between our renditions of devils. I also love that we didn't really like talk about it. Yeah. We didn't con confer with each other about what we were gonna do. We just said like, dress up like the devil. And then Ash walked into the room and said, and devil, I was like, yep. I walked into the room and I said, the devil is alive. She did, can confirm. And then she walked in the room with blood dripping down her face and I said, that's about right. And we said, this works. I said, that's my sister. Yeah. We were gonna do a hot priest, but we thought this would be more fun.


Yeah. So, because I saw some people be like, come on, do hot priests someday. We thought this would be more fun. Yeah. Don't worry. We have something else for the next one though. That's gonna be fun too. I already have all my stuff for that too. Me too. Yeah. We have the same rosary. It's true. This is part of that next costume. That's a hint, Justin. Well, it's Listener Tales episode 666. And it's brought to you BY you. FOR you FROM you and all about you. And we're gonna be doing like demonic tales. Diamonds. Diamonds, diamonds. We're gonna be doing diamonds. Let's do it. Are you going first or am I I'll go first. All right. I'll close my computer. Why not? Actually, you know what, I'm gonna leave it open because gloves.


Because gloves. And then I have to like type and I didn't put on my gloves. Put on your stupid gloves. I need to put on my gloves And wear back. I have my gloves. Elena has her gloves. I have my gloves. I like those. Right. Are you just gonna wear those in life now? Yeah. Most of this I'm just gonna wear again. I feel like that could be like very aesthetic as a noun aesthetic for the ghost concert. Oh, with your jacket that I got you. Oh, I should wear these for the ghost concept. You should. Good call. You're welcome. So where am I? Starting at the beginning. At the beginning is a great place to start. Let's go with demon sleep paralysis.


Mimic. It's crazy out here. It is crazy out here. Hey ladies, I've attached to 14 points, double space. Put AFA for your reading. Pleasure. I have three stories. Two about sleep paralysis, maybe one is a demon and one about a mimic. Mimics scare the shit out of me. Mimics actually scare the shit outta me as well. Yeah. 'cause you have one. Yeah. Oh, I do. You're right. Shit. I know. Shit. Alright. Hi y'all. My name is Cody. Feel free to use it. Hi Cody. Hi Cody. I was about to say Frika. Frika Slim. Shady. There you go. I like that. But Cody, Cody, I love you guys so much. I love you Cody. Love.


I love you. I love you. I started listening at the beginning of 2024 and have since caught up and am re-listening to old episodes. That's actually incredibly impressive. That is impressive. That's wild. Yeah, it's currently April, 2025 for reference. I broke my arm last March and was on leave for three months, so I had plenty of free time to listen to you guys. So thanks for keeping me company during that incredibly long recovery period. You betcha. I also listen to you all during all day during work on my way to and from work. And most times while I'm making dinner, it never fails. Whenever my husband comes into the kitchen, you happen to be talking about something wildly disturbing and he questions my sanity for listening to such things with enjoyment. It happens a lot. I've even gotten my 13-year-old stepson and 10-year-old nephew into you guys.


Mostly they love Listener Tales and request it whenever we get in the vehicle. Oh, keep being your awesome selves. Thank you. Love you. We'll p Lina, I read the butcher and the RE in two days. It was So good. Thank you. That's amazing. I butcher game. I'm currently waiting for the second one to be delivered so I can read that one. Boom. Ash you in the earlier episodes remind me so much of myself when I was also in my early twenties. Aw, I think we're close to the same age. I just turned 30 on St. Patty's Day 20, 25. Yep. You ladies are the best. Never change. You are fucking the best. You're really nice. Okay, onto the story. Now I have a couple of stories to tell. The first one being the time I had sleep paralysis or maybe a bad nightmare or maybe a real diamond.


God, you decide. My husband's sleep paralysis story and my sister-in-law's mimic story. So hold on to your butts because these are crazy. I currently live in my childhood home in North Dakota with my husband and two children. It is 120 1-year-old schoolhouse in the country. Oh, that's cool and creepy. I'm already for this. I like it Now. I've lived here almost my entire 30 years of being alive and while I've had some spooky dreams and felt uncomfortable in certain rooms, mainly in the finished attic, nothing real crazy has happened here paranormal wise. My friends always told me in high school they were sure it was haunted, but I think they just thought that due to the age and the fact that it was an old school, fun fact, my piano teacher from middle slash high school actually taught here when it was a school.


My personal feeling is I have lived here this long and nothing bad has happened. So if there are ghosts here, they must be nice. Yeah, there you go. The primary bedroom is currently in the basement. While basements often get a bad rep, I've never felt uncomfortable down there. Okay, good. Unless just finished watching a scary movie in bed and have to get up to pee. I feel uncomfortable everywhere if I just watched a scary movie and I have to get up and pee. Same now. Even though the house is 121 years old, it's very modern appearing as far as decor and whatnot. Anyway, let me set the scene. I slept with my side of the bed closest to the door and typically I slept on my stomach with my head facing away from the door. How do people do that? I know. Do you sleep on your stomach? No, I can't. I'm a side sleeper sometimes a back sleeper.


Me too. At this time, roughly two years ago, we had my almost 3-year-old daughter in our room, in our own bed. In her own bed, probably about 20 feet from our bed. It's a very spacious room as most children do. They often scared the shit out of me in the middle of the night by tapping me lightly. I think we just had a Damon by the way. I heard that. We're talking about tapping and something tapped on the door or is it John Damon? I think it's well, well it's John or it's a demon. Okay. It's It's a jayman. It's a jayman. It's a dawn or jayman. I like jayman. I like jayman. Jaman. Alright.


That's what it is. It's a, it's a jayman. Alright. So as most children do, she often scared the shit out of me in the middle of the night by tapping me lightly or just staring at me until I turned over and saw her because she wanted to crawl into bed with us. Your kids love to do that. I'm good. When they sleep over my house. They don't wake me up. Actually, no. They used to. So when it was the two oldest that would come sleep over, they'd be like, tt tt. Now they send the youngest in And she just stares at me. Oh yeah. Until I wake up. Yep. She, the youngest will come up to me in the middle of the night if she has like a bad dream or something And she always comes to my side of the bed no matter what, they come to mama's side of the bed. It's just always it. Like John is the first line of defense, but somehow they just go right around.


Same with, same with Drew. Yeah. Yeah. Always. So, And she just gets right in my face and goes, mama, mama, until I wake up and I'm like, she's like right there. So scary. You're like, hi. Yeah. Last time they slept over, I woke up and they were just like, boom. Yeah. I was like a little diamond. Hey girl. They also, when they come downstairs, they come, they creep downstairs. Like if they come down to like tell us they need water or something like that, or a bad dream, and they'll creep around the corner and always just pop their head a little bit out so we don't hear them coming. And then I just hear Mama, mama and it's like, ugh. Like every single time I'm like, you have taken years off of my life, girl. That's what they're here for. But damn. All right. So that's what, that's what this child's doing.


So she wanted to crawl in bed with us. This particular night was no different. I could hear the little footsteps walking towards me like they did most nights, but then I realized she was already in my bed. So those footsteps couldn't be her. That's upsetting. I don't like that. You don't like that at all? I don't like that. I got an overwhelming sense of dread and chose not to turn my head as I was not about to face whatever the fuck just shuffled. Its spooky ass over to me. Yeah. I can't say I blame you as I lay there in fear. This thing started petting my fucking head. No, all I have to say is blinks. No, you read that right?


This thing was running its hand down my hair. Like one would do to their child if they were resting their head on you. Did you feel calm or really upset? I don't like this at all. Then it started talking. Then it started talking. But in a childlike voice that sounded just like my daughter. Oh, fuck that. Good morning, Cody. Turn your head. Cody. Look at me. Cody bitch my ass said hell fucking nobody. These eyes may as well not even be in here because I will not be looking at that shit. Ew. I then felt it tighten its hand around my head.


Not hard, but just grabbing it instead of touching like before. And I swear to God, this thing tried to get me to turn my head towards it out of fist. So it literally was like grab the head to like turn it crucifix to the eye. I would've literally fist fought this thing. I hate this. So like the, the visual of this is just nothing I want to experience. That's always my biggest fear when we go to haunted houses because I walk through like this when I'm scared. Oh, me too. And then I'm like, oh no, and you do the same thing. Yeah. I think that would have like I'd be scared and I would just pummel this thing. No, 100%. I'm constantly like this in a haunted house and I'm like, yeah. Like every time something happens, like I'm just like, who? Luckily we've never been kicked out.


No. Never hit a haunt worker. Never. Never. We, I've never done it. No. Neither have I. I will. I and I never will. I just always am like, hmm, don't, don't even touch haunt workers. Don't do that. They're great. No. 'cause you'll have to leave. We love haunt workers here. They don't touch you. Yeah. They don't touch you. These are good people. They're not supposed to Really. No. So, and that's an aside on haunt workers. So be nice to your haunt workers. It's like halfway to Halloween a little bit. So I think it's like actually halfway to Halloween, which is a holiday in my mind. Is it? Yeah. TikTok told me it was. Yeah. I, so I've been getting all these tiktoks. I'm getting those of halfway to Halloween or summer ween. Yeah. It was a long night. Longer than it seems. Every single one.


It's every single one. I love it. It's the best. Oh. And I'm just like, oh, I am aching for haunted houses again. I know. Or the one that's like ing. Yes. That one. Oh my God. Yes. I love that one. Oh, I love it so much. Honey. I can't, sorry. I can't wait for the cookies. Oh, the cookies. The little cookies. Pumpkin. Pumpkin and ghost cookies. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Fuck you. And my mugs. I have so many good Halloween mugs. I just need haunted house and I need more haunted houses this year. It's just, it's a whole thing every year. We gotta up it. Every year we gotta get more. So yeah. So she, she's having her head turned by this Damon. No thanks. Thank God for good neck, neck muscles. Because my head stayed right where it was at that point.


It felt like whatever this was got on my back and my entire body 'cause she's on her stomach. Remember my entire body felt like it was being held down and I was unable to move anything. Not even my fingers. Oh my God. And then bam, I woke up drenched in sweat and breathing harder than I was when I gave birth room was silent, void of creepy unknown beings. And my husband and daughter were sleeping peacefully next to me. When I say I didn't sleep for weeks after this. I mean it. Yeah. I would not sleep for forever. I, I'd still never sleep. I had never experienced anything like this in my 28 years at the time of living. And thank God I haven't experienced it since. I read that if you're touching someone while you, you're asleep, you're less likely to have sleep paralysis.


I didn't know that. I didn't know that either. So every night since I'm sure to be touching my husband, even if it's just his, my toe on his leg. We also have a cat who is 12 who sleeps on me every night. Oh. So I like to think that is also saving me from happening again. What do you guys think? Crazy sleep paralysis or demon who just wanted to fuck with me one time before descending into the depths of hell. Maybe it was just a wild nightmare. Whatever it was. I sure hope it's one and it's a one and done situation. I feel like sleep paralysis is real to an extent. I feel like there's a different there. I agree. It's a parallel. I think there's like a different, I can't describe what's what I think sleep paralysis actually is. Yeah. But there's more to it. To me, I think it's almost like, not necessarily, but almost like a parallel, parallel universe.


Because the things I see when I have sleep paralysis and the things I feel are not, they, they feel like something's wrong. They're not, something's amiss. Okay. They're not all right. Yeah, no, I get that. I've only had it like once or twice. Maybe I had it once or, and I remember it so vividly. Do you remember how old I was when me and my mom drove to North Carolina with that guy? Oh yeah. You were young. Like six five or six. Five or six. Yeah, I remember that so distinctly. I got it in the car and I like, felt like there was like a face in the window and then somebody like lifted me up by like my armpits. And that's like a weird fear that I have. Yeah. Which is very funny. Oh, it's, well it's, it's unsettling.


I hate it. Yeah. That was one. And then I had another one when me and Drew were camping with his parents, but like clamping in like a camper. I woke up and I saw a woman standing at the end of the bed and I like literally could not move. Like when they say paralysis. Oh, it's the legit paralysis straight up. And you wanna scream. Can't, can't even scream. Yeah. Which shit's scary. It's really scary. It like sets yourself and you're in like that room. Yeah. Like the room to a teen is the room. You're not in some weird dream version of your room. Yeah. Like it is your room, however it was set up before you went to bed. That is what it looks like. Which makes me feel like it's not a dream because whenever I dream, like will you have a dream and you're like, oh, I'm in my house.


But like, it's not like in the dream, you know, you're in your house, but it's not your actual house. Yeah. Like there's different things or it's warped somehow or Yeah. But when you have sleep paralysis it is Yeah. To a T. Oh. So what do we think? Do we think this is sleep paralysis a demon a nightmare? I think sleep paralysis plus demon equals scary reality. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I think it's a little mix of the two. Yeah. But I again like sleep paralysis. I think you went to like another place. I think something happened in your room, but I don't know why that's a good takeaway. You think something happened? I think it a situation occurred. I think things went on. I think something went down. So, so


The mirror of reflect your inner confidence at every age. That's why supermodel and entrepreneur, Cindy Crawford partnered with renowned cosmetic specialists, Dr. Sag to create meaningful beauty, a skincare system designed to help women look and feel their absolute best. At the heart of this breakthrough formula lies a unique secret, A rare melon found only in the south of France, packed with powerful antioxidants. The seven piece deluxe face and neck skincare system includes everything from the revolutionary youth activating melon serum to the age recovery night cream with retinol. Over 5 million women have discovered meaningful beauty with clinical studies showing remarkable results in skin firmness, elasticity, and hydration. Every purchase comes with a 60 day satisfaction guarantee. Tomorrow's gorgeous starts today. Go to meaningful beauty.com/skincare to receive 25% off and get the targeted treatment duo gift set for free. Go to meaningful beauty.com/skincare to receive 25% off and get the targeted treatment duo gift set for free. Meaningful beauty.com/skincare


South of midnight is a third person action adventure game set in a version of the American deep South you've never seen before. When a hurricane Rifs through Prospero hazel is pulled into a magical southern gothic world where reality and fantasy are intertwined. Learn the ancient powers of a weaver and face mythical creatures inspired by real folklore as you explore a beautifully handcrafted world featuring a soundtrack inspired by the American South, unravel the past in south of Midnight. Play now on Xbox Series X and S game pass ultimate in PC and steam terms apply. See xbox.com/subscription terms. Rated M for mature.


The next story is about my husband and his couple episodes of sleep paralysis in this house. This was earlier in our relationship, probably around 2016, and our room was upstairs in the room that was previously mine in high school and is currently my stepson's room. Anyway, this room was one of those small rectangular openings or had one of those small rectangular openings in the ceiling that would lead to the attic. We never used this as my parents built stairs leading up to the attic. When they finished it years' prior. This creepy little door always freaked me the fuck out as a child. Yeah. And honestly still does as an adult, but that probably has something to do with the fact that it leads to the attic, which again is the one room in the house that makes me mad. Uncomfortable. Oh no. Anywho. After I told my husband my little story from above, he told me that years ago he thinks maybe he had sleep paralysis.


Ooh. Apparently there were a few different nights where he would wake up and he would see a creepy black figure just floating right under that creepy ass attic access. Oh no. And he couldn't move. Then he would wake up. I'm sorry, sir, you didn't think to mention this when it happened. Why the fuck are you so nonchalant about a black figure hanging out in the room? Paralyzing you. Yeah. Although crazy. It's probably good. He didn't tell me at the time as it would've freaked me the fuck out. Maybe it's due to the fact that the house he grew up in with his mother and siblings was deaf, haunted, and he often saw the hat man in his closet at night. Not the hat man. Not the hat man. No, no, thank you. He gets a bad rap, but he should. But like he kind of earns it. That's so scary. He does nothing to dispel that bad rub.


No. Lastly, I wanted to add the story of the time my sister-in-law had a mimic in her house and how she got got rid of it, everything. She gave me permission to share this story. She and her husband recently closed on the fir on their first home at the end of 2024. Yeah. Congratulations. So exciting for them and their kids. Not to not too long after they moved in. Weird shit started happening or no, first she thought she heard her husband say something from the other room when she responded with what? He didn't respond back. So she went to the room where she thought he was, and he was gaming with his headset on. When she asked what he said, he replied that he didn't say anything. Then the same thing happened, but with her daughter, she heard her daughter, five years old, call for mommy on the stairs.


Oh, fuck the fuck. No, no. And so the kids' room is in the basement. When my sister-in-law peeked her head downstairs, no one was there. No. So she went down to her daughter's room and her daughter was still passed out asleep. Snoring. I, you gotta burn that one down. That would fuck me up. You have to burn the entire thing down. I'm sorry if I hear the kids say my name and there's no kid to be found. No kid voices saying anything that aren't related to actual kids, get outta here. In a mimic or a demon mimicking a child's voice to me is so fucking chilling. That is just demonic and diabolical in a way I can't describe. It's like echoing in my head now.


Yeah. I don't like it at all. I hate it. The third incident was when she was laying in bed and heard her daughter crying. Downstairs. She turned to her husband and asked what she was crying about, but he didn't hear anything. And again, she checked and her daughter was sleeping. The last one she said she could likely chalk up to waking up from a dream of her daughter crying since her husband didn't hear anything. The final incident is the creepiest, though the job my sister-in-law had at the time was open on Saturdays, so they had to rotate working this particular Saturday, she was the one scheduled to work until like noon, I believe. So her husband and kids were at home. Dad was in the living room. Kids were at the dining room table eating. It was around 10 30, 11:00 AM at this point.


My sister-in-law got a call from her husband asking why she stopped by the house. She responded with, I'm at work for another hour and a half. What are you talking about? No, he said the side door next to the kitchen slammed shut randomly. When he asked the kids who did that, her daughter said it was mommy. Oh, she saw her mom leaving the house, but it was not her mother. Why? I hate that. I have goosey, goosey bumpies, nor that was the final straw. My sister-in-law decided to sage the house. She has a friend who was able to give her instructions and tell her exactly what to say as she saged her and her husband attempted to sage that night.


But every time she tried to light the sage, it wouldn't stay lit. She tried the multiple times to no, no avail. Let me add, she's no stranger to a lighter. So she knew what she was doing. No way. You just read your sister. I sister-in-law. I love that her husband decided to give it a try and he had no issues. They saged the entire house And she said she instantly felt lighter and like whatever was following her was gone. Now, she had never heard of a mimic before, but because I'm one spooky bitch, I immediately knew what it was and was like, fuck that girl. Please make sure that shit is gone before I come over to you or send your daughter over to my house. Things have been quiet ever since. Thank goodness.


Also, let me insert her cute little side hustle. Oh, pr. It's called pretty delicates.com where she sells super cute glass cups. Ooh, I love glass cups. Check her out If you feel so inclined. I do feel so inclined. I feel inclined. I would literally die If you read this on the pod. Listener Tales are my absolute favorite episodes, especially to re-listen to Once I catch, once I catch up every week. Aw. My family and I are going on a cruise leaving from New Jersey in June, 2025 and are road tripping our way back way there and back from North Dakota. Ooh, that's fun. We plan to stay in Boston one of the nights and the following day my stepson and I will be doing the Lizzie Borden house tour. Oh bitch. Oh, it's So good. It's so much fun. We are so excited. I'm so glad. My stepson 13 is a spooky weirdo like me since my husband is kind of eh, when it comes to these things.


Any he who thanks for listening and keep it weird, but not so weird that Take it away, Ash. Not so weird that that last tale period happens. Happens. Yeah. Not so weird that that happens. Not so weird that that happens. Wait, before I forget, ask. See If you can get Amber as your tour guide if she still works there. Yes. She's So good. She was our last tour guide And she was really funny and like took so much time in each room with us telling us like way more than like we learned a lot the first time too. Oh yeah. But we learned even more with Amber as the tour guide And she like hung out. She was so funny. She was hilarious. I, I loved Amber. Yeah. Loved her. We were literally Amber to like, do you just wanna stay with us all night? And like, And she stayed. She stayed with us longer a long time than she was going to. Yeah. Initially.


Yeah, she was great. We try to get her, God, I love it. Love her. Thank you, Cody. That was a, those words, that's scary tales. All right. My next one is Listener Tales and EVP from Dad and a Ghost with a Shadow. Hey weirdos, my name is Bergen. That's a pretty name. And I've got two true tales FOR you. One that will make you cry in a goodish way and one that will make you delete your camera roll and saved your house. Let's get into it. So story number one, my dad's EVP recorder and the spookiest high ever. When I was 16, my dad passed away. I'm sorry. Oh, sorry. He was the sweetest, funniest dude, and he loved watching Ghost Hunters. But here's the kicker. Me too. He refused to watch paranormal activity because he was convinced it would get him possessed.


Like hard pass. Absolutely not. I don't want demons in my house. Bergen kind of fear. I love them. He'll watch Ghost Hunters, which is like legit, actually legit hunt. Legit. Like going to connect with real ghosts. Yep. In real haunted locations. Yep. But paranormal activity, which is fictionalized. Nope. That's a no for me. Actually, no, I've never seen any of those movies and I don't care to Well, now we're gonna make you watch. I know. Yeah, I know you were going to. But that's the next scream series we're gonna do. So they're great. I'll watch Go centers like all day. Every day. Paranormal activity actually scares me. First and second paranormal activity are gonna fuck your world up. Yeah. I don't want them to because I enjoy sleeping like so much. That's the next scream. No, it's not. You already picked it.


No, we're doing it. After this one. I'll kill you. Yeah. All right. Well, a few months before he died, he bought himself an EVP recorder. He was so excited to try it out. And in true spooky timing, fashion, the recorder didn't arrive until the day after he passed away. Yeah. Let that one marinate. That's awful. That sucks. I'm sorry. That reminds me what we should do while we're doing this is turn on ghost tube. Yes. It's episode six. Six. Six. We have, we might as well see. We have to, we also never ghosties come. Well, we only did that like once in this room with Sabrina. Yeah. And I feel this room is with Sabrina. This room has some vibes. Let's see. My mom's sisters and I were all like, okay, universe, what does it mean? But grief hits hard and none of us could bring ourselves to mess with it. Two years later, I was 18 and living in a tiny little bungalow behind my parents' house, vibing with the ghosts and pretending to be an adult one night.


I thought, screw it. Let's do this. I busted out the EVP recorder and tried to contact my dad. Oh. I sat in the dark talking to, into this thing for like 30 minutes, asking questions, begging for signs, crickets, nothing. Zip. I was about to give up. But then something in my gut said, try one more time and record it on your phone just in case. So I hit record and I said, can you say hello dad? And then the most beautiful moment of my life, I heard a clear, calm. Totally not from this plane of existence. Hi. I froze. Full body, goosebumps, instant tears. My soul left the chat. I just felt full bodied. I think she sent us the audio. She did. I'm gonna play it. Woo. To this day, every time I listened to that clip, I know it was him.


Oh, it wasn't scary. It felt peaceful, comforting. Like he was saying, still here, kiddo. But also what in the actual paranormal. I've attached the, the recording FOR you guys to listen to. Oh, we gotta listen. Oh my God, yes. I didn't hear this. I didn't listen. I haven't heard it yet either. I'm turning my computer up like all the way. So it might be very loud. Nicholas, what did that just say? Nicholas, what was your dad's name? Dude, if your dad's name was Nicholas, I, I'll shit my pants. I have straight up chills. What do you have to that voice? I don't, is that, is that like a choice you made? Not laughing at you spirit? I don't think it was. That was genuinely terrifying. That was scary. All right, I'm gonna play this audio recording pal.


Cleanser. That was horrifying. Sorry, my gloves. Oh. Oh my God. Oh, that was such a dad wave of I don't know why, but that was dad. No, it was dad. It was, I was just, that was like, hi. Oh my God. I'm like covered. Oh my arm. Oh my. Can you see my goosebumps in the, oh, I'm so happy that you have that that, oh my God.


Wow. My chills are not going away right now. I didn't think that was gonna be as cl like I believed you, but I did not. They're not that clear. That clear? That's crazy. And that like comforting. Yeah, it was. It was so sweet. Hi. Oh. And you like, I wonder if it sounded like his voice to you, because it took like a little while for the energy to kind of ramp up and then it, oh, God was so clear that wow. Bergen fuck. Holy shit. Bergen. That was crazy. That is damn incredible. That's one of the clearest EVPs I've ever heard. That gave me a lot. Alright, story number two. Damn shit. Wave top that. Top that now top that.


Waverly Hills, murdery vibes and a literal ghost shadow. Oh shit. Fast forward to another great idea. I had taking a sister's trip to Waverly Hills Sanitorium in Louisville, Kentucky. That sounds amazing. That's fantastic. I would like to take, let's go. Yeah, because nothing says family bonding, like haunted hallways and possible demonic attachments. I think we actually have mentioned with Corin and Sabrina, we, we might wanna do that trip. Yeah. Together. A brother's trip, a ghost Girls, brothers cult and Coven trip. Yeah. Well, we booked the night tour because obviously Yeah, it was several hours long and they only let you use flashlights at specific times the rest of your time. Complete and utter darkness. Like, I'm not, fuck me up.


This is great. Like, I'm not even sure I have feet anymore. Kind of dark. Holy shit. We made it to the top floor where they kept the sick kids and wearing a nurse allegedly quote unquote committed suicide. But the tease that she may have been murdered by a doctor. She was hooking up with very American horror story, minus the musical numbers 100%. Here's where it gets freaky. Before the guide said anything, I started feeling super weird. My heart was racing, my head was pounding, and I got this wave of anxiety, like I was about to go run a ghost marathon. I didn't sign up for. I leaned over to my sister Bailey, shout out to her because she's also a huge fan. Bailey. Bailey, I love your name. Great name. And whispered, I don't like this. I wanna leave. And then like a bad punchline.


The guide goes, A lot of people report feeling panic, nausea, dizziness and chest pressure. Right here. Underwear. The nurse was found hanging. Guess where I was standing? Yep. Directly underneath. I'd poop my pants. After that, we got to wander around on our own. And there's a spot with a ball left out for a little ghost boy who's known to play. Oh. So naturally my sisters and I tried to summon our inner spooky babysitters. Hell yeah. And gently kicked the ball around the circle At first. Nothing. No creepy giggles. No phantom penalty kicks. But then we stopped, let the ball settle in the middle of the circle and watched it start to move on its own. Like nobody touched it. No breeze, no explanation.


That's the dream. Yes. True. Para. What did it say? It says it on the bottom. What? It says Charming. Charming. That is charming. Oh, you, you're taking it. I'm taking that. You really? You said that was like a blanc dere like, oh, stop. I'm taking that one. I'm dead. I I claim it. You said, you said it's me. I'm charming. Was so scary. I love it. You're like, oh, the kid is charming. I'm like, you're like, it's me, baby. Can you change the voice? I know. Can you please change that so that I Don't, don't shit my pants. Every single topic I'm gonna try. I kinda love it. Oh, of course you do. We're gonna keep it for now. Oh, so charming of you.


That's so scary. I jumped. Did you see the jump? I did. Yeah. I think we all did. God, this is fun. All right. It is. I know, I, I love a vibe like this. It's also a perfect day for that. It is. It's kind of spooky. It's a little spooky. So la, la la. No explanation. It just slowly rolled across the floor like it had somewhere to be. We all looked at each other and said, did you see that? No. Did you actually see that? We were Did you hear that? Did you hear that? We were officially shook after I got the bright idea to pull out my phone, switch it to night mode and take a billion rapid fire photos. Oh, hell yeah. I started scrolling through the photos and holy hell, y'all, in one of them, there's a clear little figure. You could see legs, a small shadowy body, and the wildest part, it has a shadow.


What the fuck? We were all freaking out. But in the best way, it's probably one of the coolest and creepiest things I've ever captured. I've attached a photo so you can see it for yourselves. If you don't mind, email us and let us know if we can share the photo. Yeah, let me, let me know If you see what I saw, or if I need to sage my entire existence, as should. Elena. Thank you for making this hilarious, spooky, and slightly unhinged community. You've gotten me through grief, anxiety, and many late night cleaning sprees where I was 90% sure that something was watching me. Damn. PS you can share the recording in the ghost picture. Oh, YA real one. Real creep it weird. Bergen. Yay. I also attached some extra pictures, one with my sisters, my mom, myself, and my niece, and a spooky ghost tattoos that I adore.


One of her ghost tattoos is absolutely iconic. Her ghost tattoo has titties. Yes. It's hilarious. It's really good. Let's see. Oh, yep, that's clear as day. Oh shit. You can literally see feet and look right there. It does have a shadow. Yeah, there's a shadow. Oh my God. That's one of the most unsettling things I've ever seen. Oh, what the fuck? Ew. Damn. I'm gonna put this away now. Yeah, we're gonna share it, don't worry. Yeah, we'll share that. So check out like the Instagram, obviously, Bergen Bergen. That is one of the clearest EVPs I've ever heard and one of the clearest photos I've ever seen.


Yes. Provided Spirit. Yeah, you really did. You really came through with that Bergen. Damn, that was crazy. That was wild. Let's see. Should I do?


Hi weirdos. I'm Candace DeLong, retired FBI, criminal Profiler, and the host of Killer Psyche. If you enjoyed Morbid's coverage of the tragic murder of Jennifer Levin, known as the preppy Killer case, you should check out my episode of Killer Psyche, where I dive deep into the psychology of Robert Chambers. I explore his troubling behavior, privileged background, and the psychological factors that led to this devastating crime on Killer Psyche. I use my decades of experience to uncover the why behind some of the most shocking crimes in history. If you are fascinated by what drives people to commit such heinous sax, join me for a closer look into the twisted minds behind them. Follow Killer Psyche on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen early and a free start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real. Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling. They stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


Those couple times my soul left my body at church camp. Yeah, it feels right. I would say so. Feels right. Hello? My two favorite, absolutely beautiful, badass, witchy girl bosses. Hmm. Hi, God. Thank you. Your name is Zayna. I love that name. Ooh, that's really pretty. And we can use the name party. I've been listening to you two for about a year, a courtesy of my amazing father for putting me onto y'all's podcast. Thanks Zena's. Dad. I love that. Some of my favorite memories are the two of us going on hikes together while listening to your podcast and me being seriously freaked the fuck out because he somehow always chooses the murder in the woods episodes. Questionable choice. But hey, it's part of the fun of being hella paranoid and enjoying nature.


Oh my God, I love it. Fresh air is for dead people. It is. I'll absolutely freak the fuck out. If you use my story for your Listener Tales episode, freak out, Zina. Here's a double space Putah. I've gone to a church camp on the Grand Me. Is it the Grand Mesa? Grand Mesa? Amazing. Really good. Nailed it. We have our own special demon ma named Mikey. So I've gone to a church camp on the Grand Mesa almost every year for the past four or five years. It's truly a beautiful place in the summer. The lake is such a beautiful, pristine teal color, and it's always the perfect temperature. The only thing that gives you a slight sense of foreboding is how dark it gets at night.


And that tends to remind you how you're in the middle of fucking nowhere. Yeah. And if there just happens to be some random ass ax murder, your chances of survival are slim to none. Yeah. I mean, like the ax murder situation probably won't happen, but if it did, again slim to none. Maybe not for the other people, but I don't fuck with, I don't fuck with the dark or the woods at night, so I could probably get away. But when I say it gets dark in the middle of nowhere in Colorado, I mean it gets dark. It does. You see, you know? Yeah. Keep that in mind because in the next stories, that is crucial to know. Anyway, moving on. This particular year, there wasn't very many people signed up for that camp. So we all ended up staying in the same room on the second floor of the lodge, which was typically used by the camp staff.


Normally the campers would stay in one of the many cabins on the five-ish acres of land that the cap camp was on. This lodge that we stayed in. Creepy as fuck, bucking, sinister BY. You had to climb the, I love that you said that you had to climb the little spiral staircase to the attic to use the bathroom. Whereas if we stayed in the cabins, we would have to go outside to walk the however many yards to the bathroom hall, which isn't really much better. But the bathroom in the attic was not for me. I still used it, but like the entire lodge was just fucking creepy. Oh, the room on the second floor that we stayed in wasn't that creepy. There was bunk beds, but we all just slept on the floor. Like it was one big sleepover. And honestly, that was fun. I wasn't ever really invited to sleepovers as a kid, so it felt like I made up for that.


I'll fight whoever didn't take you to a sleepover. It's true. I don't believe you or if I've been sleepovers anymore, but I will fucking fight people for not inviting you to. I also don't believe in sleepovers, but like not happening for me, my kids. But like I wish it happened FOR you. Yeah, back in the day. Because I went to sleepovers. Yeah, we all did. And I love sleepovers, but like we all did it and I'll fucking fight whoever did invite you to a sleepover Z. I'll fuck them up. Zena, maybe. We'll, you know, it'd be so fun. We should do a live show someday. That's sleepovers. Oh my God. Yeah. We should do one that's like literally in the middle of the night. That'd be straight up be so fun. Like sleepover stuff. We'll talk to our people. We'll do a late one. So it's like we can all like watch a scary movie late.


You could do like a 10 o'clock show. Yeah, that would actually be a lot of fun. We're gonna workshop this. Like, he's like, wait a minute. There's like an online platform where you can sit there and watch a movie together and you can all sit there and Talk. Oh yeah, you're right. We used to do it with Caleb. Let's do that. And we can all watch a scary movie together and we can all just like react together. That sounds like a lot of fun. We gotta do that. I want to do that. Please. That'd be so fun. Would you guys be down for that? Do that with us. Go and everyone has to wear pajamas. You must. Yeah. I am really dent about pajama party rules. Yeah. She doesn't fuck around. Don't you need to come to my pajama party in pajamas? Don't come in regular clothes. Don't. And I agree. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna do that. Yeah. Thank you sna for letting us get here.


Yeah. So we're gonna give you the slumber party you never had, babe. Hell yeah. Zayna iss avoided to this one. Ooh, no. There was this one girl. Super sweet, super kind. We're just gonna call her Molly. I love that name. And we learned I do love that name. That's a great name. My kid's favorite American girl doll right now is Molly. Mine was always Molly. Yeah. For or Kit. I liked Kit too. Kit was about after my time. I thought you were gonna say Kit was a bitch. No. Okay, because you, you went like Kit was a, but no, she was, she's after the fucking, I'm not sure. Did he say? I'm not sure, honestly. Me neither. That was That was distasteful. Yeah. He said, I'm not sure about that. He said, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yes. I made a distasteful joke in our, our spirit demon friend let us know.


I'm not sure. He said, don't leave that in. He said, not sure about that. He said, our demon is legal. And when the, when the demon is saying, I'm not sure about that. You gotta listen. Yeah. So sometimes I do that. Yikes. That was great. So yeah, the original five didn't include Kit. It didn't, but Felicity was my girl and we learned on night one that Molly happened to talk in her sleep. Oh. So every morning we would joke about it and whoever, whoever she woke up with her late night sleep talking kind of weird ramblings would tell us about it. It was always just kind of funny things like Molly singing or something weird. So of course I thought nothing of it on night three.


I just couldn't sleep for some reason. So I stayed up. Well past midnight reading now around 3:00 AM The Devil's Owl. Oh no. My Owl. Oh no, my My Owl. I desperately had to pee like so fucking bad for hours. I'd been putting it off, which was majorly dumb on my part. So 3:00 AM comes and I'm sitting there contemplating whether or not Attic of Doom was worth it or not. I'm still a firm believer that it would not have been worth it anyways. I'm just sitting there trying not to pee myself. When Molly sits up and I'm like, oh, hey girl, want to go to the demon bathroom with me? Because yes, I'm a scaredy cat. Molly did not respond. And Loki was kind of terrifying because she's sitting there head down kinda limp looking.


No. And I'm just sitting there feeling my heart drop because what the actual fuck is going on? And then I shit you not, she looks up at the door, which was closed and just whispers. You can let them in now. No. Why did she do that? No. What a bitch. Why did she do that? Molly, that's bitch maid. And then she whispered it again. No, you can let them in now. Stop. Molly, you think she was fucking with you then? Someone knocked on the door super quietly. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. And Molly just laid back down like nothing ever happened. No. Did you ever go back to that camp? Impressed.


Impressed. I thought it said undressed. Maybe. I thought it said impressed. Wow. That was a good story. It was a good story. I'm not even done. Oh my, wait, what was I gonna say? Ghostie, you interrupted me. Did you go back to that camp again? I think is what I was gonna say. We'll have to see when I tell you the way I almost shit my pants. Yeah. Like I don't fuck with ghosts at all. And someone knocked on the door literal, literal milliseconds. After Molly said, you can let them in. Now stop doing that. I can tell you didn't tell you I didn't have to pee anymore because there was no way I was leaving that room. I'm surprised you didn't piss yourself right there. I thought you were gonna say, because I evacuated my my bladder.


Yeah. The entire situation was just giving the nun. And let's just say I was not a fan. Oh, I was not gonna be the human soul sacrifice. Don't be. So there was no fucking way in hell I was leaving that room. So I just accepted my fate and lay there until morning. You said UTI. It is. Yeah. I'll go with that. Just waiting for the bathroom demon to come and get me. I can also tell you that I didn't share that story the next morning. I value my life. So already being a little freaked out. I did not go anywhere alone the next day. Which leads us to the next story that involves playing hide and seek, but in the dark. No, I used to love playing that game. I friends did all the time. Yeah. Now I already explained that it gets fucking dark. And at night there's one streetlight that comes on and it's a useless fucking piece of shit for a light.


It's right next to the one goddamn building that gives light. I love that we're talking about a church camp, and I love that Zane is just like this fucking goddamn light up. I know. So good. That building being the mess hall and the mess hall lights are always on. They should have put the damn streetlight anywhere else, literally anywhere else. But anyways, on the night, on the last night, they always do a night game that involves running around and looking for something. Oh, that's fun. And this night they chose a game called sardines. It's basically hide and seek. But at the beginning, two people hide together and everyone has to split up and find them. And when you find them, you hide with them. Oh. So you keep squishing in with them to the hiding spot. Oh, that's cool. That's kind of fun. Yeah. Now me and this girl, we'll call her Nicole, we're the original two people who had to hide together.


One thing to know about Nicole is that she has the most beautiful singing voice I have ever heard. Like it's a voice that got her a full ride scholarship to Julliard. Oh shit. A MDA and an internship for singing in Italy. God damn. So like she's hella good at singing, to say the least. Now she had the most brilliant idea of where to hide. Now for context, on the girls' side of camp, there's a, there's 12 cabins. Cabins. G one to G 12. There's this one cabin though that absolutely no one has, has no one wants to stay in. And that would be G four. G four is the boondocks of this camp. Put that dick. Nobody wants stay there. They don't wanna say, he's like, please just stay there. Damn.


He's like in this with us. He is. I'm kind of loving having a ghost as like our commentary, color commentary, commentator here. Yeah. Like we're already in the middle of nowhere. But G four is on the border of the camp. It's about a hundred yards away from all the other girls' cabins. Not only was that royally fucked, but also it was just giving, you know, possibly Ted Bundy's shack. Yeah. It was a cabin with a long, with a long path down to it. And the trees around it just blocked any light. This is where Nicole wanted to hide. I mean, smart. It is smart. Like fuck to the No, but what could I do? But go with her. Like I didn't wanna die, but I also didn't wanna let her die alone, so I followed her. Good friend. That is good friend. Once we got to Satan's, that is good friend.


That is good friend. That is good friend. Good job. You did friend. Well, no, once we got to Satan's lair, which is slightly ironic, Satan's lair. Ah. Which is slightly ironic because we were at a literal church camp. We just waited at one point a branch snapped to our far left, and I lost my shit and basically started crying. Oh. But that was just the beginning of the fun, Nicole being the brave witchy badass that she was when to investigate. So I stood there for upwards of five minutes by myself just praying that God wouldn't let me die like this. And that my parents knew I loved them if I happened to die like this. And then I heard someone singing close by. I couldn't see anything and I didn't know where it was coming from.


It sounded like it was one voice coming from all around me. Fuck that. And it was that song, that one super fucking creepy song that goes Ding-dong. I know you can hear me open up the door. I only wanna play a little. Ew. I know that song obviously, evidently, obviously. It's like do do do do do, do do. It's got a very creepy It sure does. And you just keep singing it. So I began, I think it's like a TikTok sound. Is it? I mean, probably. I'm sure. I'm pretty sure it's is TikTok. It's likes old song. And so I began turning in circles desperately trying to find out what the fuck, who the fuck, why the fuck.


Needless to say, I am on the verge of a panic attack when someone puts their hand on my shoulder. No, I have never screamed louder in my entire life. Do you think it was God? I turn around and it's Molly. Oh, okay. Close. Molly And Nicole starts laughing somewhere And she walks outta the goddamn cabin saying that I should have seen my face. Aw. It's honestly super funny now because I'm a scaredy cat, LOL, and I still have no fucking clue how Nicole pulled off getting into the cabin without me seeing or hearing her. But anyways, those are my stories about how my souls left my body twice at a Christian summer camp. I love you guys so incredibly much, and I hope you enjoyed my whack ass story. I did keep it weird and take it away, Ash, but not so weird that you lose your soul twice at a church camp.


But I mean, I guess you could find it there If you lost it. That's true. So I think that's part of the deal, right? I don't know, Zayna, those were awesome stories. I loved those. I loved them. I'm sorry that our Damon thinks that you're pathetic for not wanting to stay in G four. I know. I think it meant all of the campers, not just you. Yeah. He definitely thought everybody was. Yeah, we speak for him. Yeah. We're friends or, or Right. We're friends. Hey. Demon or ghost or spirit? Or spirit. Are we friends? Ooh. He said, I'll let you know later. He said TBD undecided. Alright. This is called Black Betty Listener Tale submission. Please read this wild shit. Ooh, okay.


Okay. Okay. Sure thing. A haunting experience in our basement. Hey yo. Hey. Hey. My name is Tara. Yes. You can share. Just gonna hop right down to, yeah. Guess your name. What is your name? Hi, I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid. He wants, they wanna be friends. What is your name? We'll give you some time to answer. Is your name Nicholas or is it something else? If it's something else, let us know. It's a lot of asking. I know you said it with Nicholas before and I like that. It's nice. That's a nice name. If it's your name, if your name is Nicholas, love that. Let us know if it's something else. Let us know. So fun.


Okay. I'm, I'm just gonna tell the story while you, while you answer, while you contemplate. I'm compelled to share a chilling experience that has lingered in my memory for years, and I would love to compel you to read it. Well, consider me compelled. I'm compelled as fuck. This started after my parents purchased a house of sorts to renovate, to renovate honey. After renovations were done, the layout of the house was standard. Walk through the front door into the living room. Off to the side is one bedroom. Past the living room is the kitchen and tucked into the corner of said kitchen is the door to hell.


Some people get a wild haircut or book a spontaneous trip when life throws them a curve ball. But Molly, well, she dove headfirst into a world of no strings attached sex secret rendezvous, forbidden affairs, and unforgettable adventures. And together we tell every juicy detail and dying for sex. Wondery award-winning podcast that's now streaming on a TV near you, starring Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate. And to top it off, we're dropping brand new bonus episodes where I sit down with the cast to spill all the spicy secrets, desire, friendship, self-discovery, and the ultimate bucket list of pleasure. This is a story that had everyone talking. Listen to the original Dying for Sex and brand new episodes on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge the original series before anyone else and completely add free on Wondery Plus.


It didn't used to be pretty standard. Yeah, pretty standard. It didn't used to be, but I digress. Yeah. Usually when you go down the steps into the basement, you're met with an abundance of light. The base of the steps leads into a common room, and to the right is a hallway with a bedroom door, a doorway opposite that leads to the laundry room. And then the bathroom when standing in the common room straight ahead is a bedroom with another bedroom connected by a door on the right. Each room has four smaller sized windows lining the upper wall. And during the day, it was lit up, lit up in an old bookstore kind of way. Ungodly, ungodly. Do you feel like the basement is ungodly or do like, are you not a fan of this layout? He's like, that sounds terrible.


Sorry about your layout. You know what? What? Maybe it doesn't like all the light that extreme's in Oh yeah. It's pretty loud. Yeah. I don't like that much light either. I get it. My parents without our consent bought this house when it was just a basement, the whole house in the ground where the dead live. Oh yeah. They thought that would be a great idea. Not only was it a basement house, it was often frequented throughout the years by local townies who engaged in various satanic rituals. The fuck you said that? Not me, but I also second it. We were a Pentecostal family who couldn't even watch Disney movies. Oh my. So imagine my confusion as a nineties kid when my Pentecostal parents decided to buy and fuck up the house of Lucifer j Satan himself.


What's the J stands for? What's it stand for? Oh, it stands for Jamon Jamon Lucifer Jaman Satan. My parents with the intent to restore and renovate, added an upper level to the house. Good choice. Yeah. And we lived there for several years. Despite the fresh new look, the house carried an eerie atmosphere and we encountered various inexplicable incidents over the years from hearing our names being called by my mom, who turned out to never be in the home to furniture moving. I'm talking literal polter guy, shit like chairs, stacking, cabinets opening, et cetera. Ooh. For the longest time, my brothers and I blamed each other and we're sure one of us was trying to scare the others to waking me up one night crying. 'cause I couldn't see.


It was like somebody shut off my eyeballs. Oh, out of service. No connection available. I was blind. Please come back. We're still here. Don't worry. We're gonna stay like here. Would love to know your name though. Still would love it. What's your name? You're Nicholas. I feel. Yeah. But, but but let us know if we're wrong. Yeah. We're here though. We're here. Yeah. So fun. Actually, this is, this is, she's like, this is so fun. This is the best. This is really fun. Just this is really fun. You're really having a great time. La la la. I was screamed for my parents to come. And while that was useless because when they did rush in, the only said, the only thing my mom said was, quit hollering and put on your glasses insert.


I love my parents dearly, but what in the entire fuck bomb. It's blacked out completely. Can't see and not blind as a bat blurry. Can't see. Yeah. That's scary. Yeah. If you child says, can't see, she's like, well, put your damn glasses on. Put your hollering. I'm tired of your shit. I never called for her again, because clearly the Lord didn't bless her with the wisdom I needed in that moment. And I would figure that shit out from, I don't understand. I understand. You understand? That's a bummer. Didn't bless your mom with that. Eventually and out of nowhere, my sight just popped back on and I was able to see my parents standing in the doorway looking at me like, I'm, I can hear you. That, that's cool. That's fine. That's good. We were down for that.


We can, we can hear you. We're trying to chat. Yeah. Mikey's shitting his pants. Mikey's about to cry. He's like, I don't like it. Mikey literally just goes, I don't like it. I, I'm go, is it cool if I refer to you as Nicholas from here on out? Let me know. So her parents were looking at her like, she may need a shrink. Thanks guys. A one protection there. One incident stands out as the heaviest and the strangest. One day my mom and I were home doing laundry together and took a trip into the depths of hell to go put away my brother's clothes. As one does. As we stepped into the finished basement common room, we immediately stopped and froze directly in front of us where the doorway to the boys' bedroom was usually transparent and filled up by sunlight. But now it was pitch black. It was like somebody had hung a blackout curtain in the doorway preventing our view.


This shit was so dark. You just could not see into the room. You could not see the windows, the beds, and the other doorway. You could see absolutely nothing. What the fuck? I immediately was like, Nope. The fuck. Not looked at my mom, who not only dropped the laundry and got the fuck out of there, but also left me standing there alone. Wow. Not a one did, did not bless. Whoa. What? Something. That was the heaviest, most absorbing presence I've ever felt in my life to this day. Damn. The unsettling feeling of a presence overwhelmed us. And to this day, my mom swears it was demonic. No shit. Lady. You tried to evict Satan from his home. That's right. Lucifer. J Satan, Lucifer, Jaman, Satan. I thought it was Jeffrey, but Jeffrey.


I thought it was Jeffrey. I thought we decided Jayman. No, we did. I thought initially I thought it was Jeffrey. Oh, that's fair. I like the name Jeffrey. I like Lucifer. Jeffrey. Jeffrey. Satan. Satan. Yeah. That's good. I like it. We, we can workshop them. I like it. This experience was the culmination of unease we'd felt over the years, and it remains the most vivid and horrifying event in my recollection of living in that house. Despite my parents' effort to restore and renew the home, the basement star history seemed to stick around. No ma, no amount of doorway, ointments, prayers, banishing ever got rid of that energy and weight. I guess he really can't evict Satan himself from where he resides. Who knew? Hint not my mom. Sharing this with you is not just about recounting a haunting experience, but also about the inexplicable connection to the past that some ca places carry and why you should never try to renovate a basement house in a hillbilly town where who knows what took place because you'll have wasted thousands and thousands of dollars and end up moving out shortly after completing all of that work.


Ooh, thank you for taking the time to read my letter. Tara. I was very vo wait. Sincerely. Former Pentecostal, nineties kid Tara, former Pentecostal nineties kid. That was great. What a moniker. And that's horrifying. I love it. Tara, that was so scary. I don't like your house at all. Your old house. No. I'm glad you don't live there anymore. Let's see. So should we do one more? We should probably do one more. Maybe I'll do another one. Maybe. Did he say more or whore? What did he say? More? More. It's, he wants another one. Oh, he said do more. We were literally saying, should we do one more? And he said more. He said more. All right, Nicholas. Okay.


Nicholas. I think his name is Nicholas. 'cause he didn't say another name. He's not, he's not saying no. So I love the name Nicholas. So I shout out to you. I too. It's nice. All right, so let's do one that is called My mom Sees auras and Oh, a demon came for my older brother. Oh, the whole tale, including the intro, are included in the pfa. Thank you. Pfa. Pfa. Pfa. I don't know if I can use your name so I'm not gonna use it yet. Hello, Ash. Elena, Dave, Deb. Deb, Mikey, and all other weirdos. Pathetic next to you. That's FOR you. Who was he talking? I think the char. It was for me. I know. I don't think it was. I don't think so.


I think We just got called pathetic next to you. I damn. I don't know. I don't know, Nicholas. I don't think that was for, at first. I thought it said pathetic. Next tail. I was like, what? I was like, whoa. That was spot on, Nicholas. And we haven't even started this tale. Nicholas, I don't think you were referring to me there. I think we have a, I don't think you're referring to me. Nicholas. Nicholas Nicholas, who's pathetic. Let us know Ash. Elena, if It says Mikey, I'm gonna shit myself. Mike, imagine if it says Michael, I would die. I'd die. All right. If this gets read on the pod, I will simply pass away. Rest in peace. A dear friend introduced me to your podcast in 2021, and I listened periodically until September of 2023.


I was doing my last field trip field work, internship at a children's clinic for occupational therapy school, and was driving about an hour and a half to and from the clinic. I worked for the same clinic, that clinic that I did that field work for over a year and had almost a two hour daily commute. Oh, fuck that. I was able to catch up on the backlog. Yes. Even the underwater days to keep me sane. I now work at another pediatric clinic only 30 minutes from my house, and happily listen to the pod on Monday and Thursdays while I drive or do paperwork. I'm also an amateur quilter and have listened to your wonderful voices for hours as I've, as I've pinned, pressed, and cussed out my life choices when I've made mistakes. I cannot thank you enough for providing victims the opportunity to get their stories told and the people that ended their lives, the proper roasting they deserve.


Aw, you wonderful humans, Ash and Alina, for bringing the stories to life in the most enga engaging way possible. Thank you. Thank you, Mike, you for helping everything run so smooth. Deb. Deb, for reading all the stories and choosing some bangers and Dave, oh, magical research wizard, Dave. Enough sense iconic it are creating a spooky, in the best way possible space for advocacy and a friendship for those of all ages, orientation, spirituality, religious views, et cetera. Hell yeah. Thank you for creating this sensational place for us weirdos. That was really sweet. Thank you. I didn't even know that that was What a perfect one to end on. I know before I start, please don't use my name. I didn't. Oh, look at, I knew it. It's like I knew. Yeah, But you gave me your name.


I had to send a revised one of these with changed names to make it easier to read. Thank you for doing that. I've included pictures at the bottom of my family, the zoo of pets that live with my parents in a reference picture. It'll make sense when you read a little further. These tales are about my mama and her gift of reading people's auras. Her gift is not a party trick, and I don't wanna have people ask her to read their ORs unprovoked. She's given me permission to share these stories. I, and it says I had to revise the sec this the second time, because my mother informed me that I had told the first story wrong And she wanted the details correct. I iconic. I will also include a link to a news article about an 85-year-old woman from the small farming area that I live in who saved herself from a home intruder because it was a wild tale.


I didn't think I could write it better than the news. If you need a pallet cleanser or just to be amazed, check it out. Let's share that story. I've included a 14 po points double space put. I hope that's how, it's satanic. Satanic, Nicholas. Wow. Nicholas gets it. Nicholas. He's on themes. He's like, I feel like he did like a, he went down when he did that. He did do that. I wrote this on a break from work, so unfortunately I did not have time. It insert quote from DW Reed from the classic TV show, Arthur, I'm a failure. Oh my God, I love her. I also apologize for rambling to begin anyway. Onto the tails. My mom is the epitome of the Shakespeare quote, though she be but little, she is fierce.


Oh, at her tallest, she was four feet 10. Dang, 10 inches. If she stretched, she's now about four foot nine and a quarter. As a kid, we would always hear my mom say things about auras. It was normal for us. She will tell strangers what their aura means sometimes, especially if it's unusual or particularly special. Hmm. We, my dad and my siblings sometimes get embarrassed by this, but my mom persists with it. Nonetheless. The auras that she sees tend to be the core of who someone is. The auras can get brighter or dimmer, depending on if someone is feeling well, uplifted down or ill, et cetera. My sister Wyn has a double aura, a core of yellow and an outer pink layer representing her energy levels pretty.


My mom has seen Wynn around people that make her yellow dim because they talk down to her, treat her badly. Hmm. Fuck those people. Yeah. Her pink ranges in color based on how well she slept or how she's managing her medical conditions. Oh, that's cool. My older brother, Cletus, was performing with a choir when he was in college. A student, Jill was conducting the choir for several numbers, And she came on stage appearing timid. Jill got to the middle of the stage and raised her arms to begin the number. Jill's confidence was palpable. As soon as she raised her arms, my mom gasped and said, oh, I wish you could see that. After that concert was done, and we found Cletus, my mom said he had to tell her what my mom saw. The moment that Jill raised her arms, my mom said that there was a silvery pink explosion across the stage.


Well, that just gave me a chill. Me too. I imagine it looks like the parting of the Red Sea in the Prince of Egypt. Now, not all of my mom's experiences are positive. She's been a nurse longer than I've been alive and worked in the ER for many years. Oh man. Yes. My mom is a badass, will always be a hero in my eyes, and has crazy stories. She was working the night shift when a man and his girlfriend slash wife, I'm not positive if they were married or not, came in. His most distinguishable feature to my mom was his black aura. Black is one of the rarest. It's not, if not the rarest she has ever seen. I think she's seen maybe two or three in her 60 plus years of life. Wow. Black shows her that the person is evil at their core.


Ooh, my stomach just growled. Your core is evil. My stomach just growled. My mom warned the female ER doctor not to close doors or be in the room alone with this man. The doctor asked why, and my mom said that the man was abusing his partner, who I will call Jane Doe. The doctor assessed him and he needed an x-ray while the man was out of earshot. My mom asked Jane if she needed help. Jane looked terrified, shook her head and said, paraphrased, there would be consequences from the man if she knew. If he knew. My fa mother was talking to her about what was going on. Aw. He was 100% harming this woman behind closed doors, and I can't imagine the fear Jane must have felt when my mom was able to clock it.


My mom said, if Jane changed her mind before they left, my mom would get the hospital police officer involved. Jane smiled and thanked my mom. They finished all the tests and things they needed and left the hospital sometime during the night. The ER staff looked up this man he had gotten out of jail after killing a young woman. Holy shit. Holy shit. I can't remember if it was because it was manslaughter or technicality or some other bullshit. We all know he had gotten away with murder and is probably continuing to terrorize women slash good people like the small dick weasel. He is. Yeah. There are other experiences she has, but I don't wanna take up too much time. I'll get into the second story, but a demon coming from my brother. Please do. Thank you.


Cletus was my parents' fourth pregnancy and the first one that made it past the first trimester. Oh, aw. After so many miscarriages, my parents were stoked for the idea of a little of the little pitter patter of feet. Aw. My mom woke up in the middle of the night. I've never known when, but let's be real. Probably about 3:00 AM Yep. To see a black figure standing in front of her bathroom door. She could clearly see the outline of a humanoid figure in the whites of eyes, but everything was black. Oh, I don't like the whites of eyes. Nicholas, what do you think? I know you've been quiet, Nicholas. Are you still there? She, you're just listening to the, to the tail. She asked, why are you here? And the figure simply stated, I'm here for your baby.


No, I'm chilies. No. My mom literally screamed my dad out of bed and demanded that he join her in praying for whatever there this was to go away and stay away. Oh, I'm pretty sure that this happened at least one more time, but I'm not positive. She's, that's happened once, once alone. Is it? I'm here for the baby and then for it to happen again. Jesus Christ. So she has told me, quote, there was no way in hell I would let that thing bug by my kids. My mom is a huge mama bear and gets quite scary despite her smaller stature. It's the small ones always too. It's true. Cletus arrived not so long after, followed by me, my sister, and my younger brother.


Aww. Thank you for all the time you put into the podcast and for taking the time to read my rambling tale. Keep it weird, but not so weird that I can't think of anything. So please take it away, Ash. Only If you want to. Oh my God, queen. So kind. Not so weird that a, a demon shows up to drag your baby to hell. No. Over here. I said, where are you? You said, where are you? And he was like, I'm right over here. Oh, Nicholas, I you, Nicholas Nicholas for life. Oh my gosh. You guys, these were really good tales. That is, and this assigned a fellow weirdo. A fellow weirdo. Wow. Those were really good. You guys have some shit going on and your parents have some shit going on on the Aura. One was so cool.


Yes. And like the black ore. But that one, that the, when she raised her arms and it was like an explosion of silvery light across. I love that. All that. That's really cool. And I love that your mom was like, she's gotta knows what happened. And she was like, I wish you could see that. Yeah, that's cool. Oh, guys, damn. You made this Satanic episode. Wonderful, fun. Happy 6, 6, 6. No. What? Oh, did I die? Oh, dull. I was like, it was a little dull. Damn, Nicholas, you know what, Nicholas has high standards being from the spirit world, but he, he was like, that was dull. Let's get into some crazy shit. Like, how did I die? I was like, how did I die? Nicholas, do you know how you died? We'll update you guys.


And damn. In the meantime, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you don't tune in to find out how Nicholas died. Nicholas, how did you die? How'd you die? Oh my God. He'll touch you. He will. He will touch You. What? Bye. Who will touch? Who Will tattoo dad? Eddie Does it like he did. He touched me. He fell like this. He still Wait. Nicholas, did you make that happen? He said, I don't wanna talk right now.


I'll wait. I'll wait like a t-shirt. Nicholas, did you make that fall in Touch me? That's really metal and I like it. Yeah. Do you like Ghost Nicholas? God, That feels very emo. I like the in the Dark nails.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Are you captivated by the dark and mysterious world of true crime? Wondery Plus offers you the ultimate true crime experience with early access to new episodes, exclusive content, and a seamless ad-free listening journey. With one re plus, you'll get access to hundreds of Podcasts, including more than 50 true Crime series like Dr. Death. The shocking true story of a trusted surgeon who brought unimaginable pain and suffering to his patients. This was not An operation that was performed. This was attempted murder, And there's Morbid. The Hit podcast, that's a lighthearted nightmare with Wondery Plus, you get access to exclusive bonus content too, allowing you to dive deeper into the cases you love. Like in Suspect, where an ordinary Halloween party turned into a terrifying murder mystery that left its mark on the community. This case is one of those rollercoaster rides where it's like, no, he did it for sure. No, he for sure he did it. Each story is crafted to keep you enthralled, revealing the complexities and motivations behind every crime. Subscribe to Wondery Plus on the Wonder App, Apple Podcast or Spotify today. Unlock the door to a world of true crime like never before. With Wondery Plus, the best true crime stories are always at your fingertips.