
Hey weirdos, it's Ash here. Ready to share a little secret. Have you heard of Wondery? Plus, with ad free episodes and one week early access, it's like having an all access pass to our lighthearted nightmare. So come join us on the dark side and try Wondery Plus. Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Shutterfly believes the moments that matter deserve a photo book. Photo books are for big moments like, you know, weddings, graduations, or a bucket list trip. But they're also for everyday moments. You could turn your Instagram feed into a coffee table book. That would be a conversation piece. You could make an annual memory book for your kids. Or my personal favorite, create a family cookbook. The possibilities with Shutterfly are endless. And Shutterfly photo books are meant to last to be passed down, shared and enjoyed. I love the idea of making a family cookbook. I think it's like a really sentimental piece that you could pass down throughout your family and, you know, just have all those recipes. So I decided that I was gonna make one with Shutterfly. One of my favorite things ever was the suggested layouts that they have. I was like, oh, okay. And they also have this little autofill thing. Amazing. It makes making these books so easy. We have an exclusive offer for our listeners so that you can have so much fun doing this. New customers get a free eight by eight photo book with promo code Morbid at shutterfly.com. Enter code at checkout. See promotion details page for more info. Again, that's promo code Morbid for a free eight by eight photo book for new customers@shutterfly.com. Make something that means something with Shutterfly


from the creator of Think Twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new Audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the King of trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program Trent. Fixed audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true Audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to Audible dot com slash springer.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid. It is Morbid. And it's 2025. It's 2025. Yeah, It's been 2025 for like a half. I think it, yeah, our last Couple episodes. Maybe like, you know, we don't Know. I was gonna say it's a trend. I have no idea. Yeah, where we are. You know What I'm, you know where I'm, I'm At, where are you at?


You know. Yeah. Do you know where I'm at? I'm in a bad place. Oh no. I'm in a bad, Bad place. What place is this? It's the place of, I don't have any more of my Frosted Sugar Cookie. Holiday creamer. I am also in that place. So I commiserate That creamer from International Delight. International Delight. If you're listening, please send us Some, Help me get to a good place. Because they're Gone. They're Gone. They're can't get re absolutely gone. And do you know what happened to me the other day actually? Oh, I have a feeling I know what happened to you because it might have happened to me as well. YI oughta, I ordered two on DoorDash and I gave a nice little tip and everything and I said, if not available, just refund me.


Yeah. Because I don't want some other bullshit. No, they didn't wanna refund me. So the Dasher brought me two random ass fucking creamers That's Happened to me before, which like, they were international delight. And actually I shouldn't complain because one of them is like Italian Sweet Cream. Oh, I love this sweet cream. That one's really good. Yeah, that one's really, really good. So I'm not super mad. But anyways, international delight. Please send me a whole entire stock of the Frosted Sugar cookie creamer. And I second that. Please, please, please, please, please show that that requires it. Please. I've only had one bottle of it. 'cause that's the only bottle I've been able to find this season. Me too. And it's making me upset. And you know, we gotta shoot our shot here.


That's the thing. We gotta shoot it. You miss 100% of the shots that you don't take. Wayne Gretzky. Michael Scott. There you go. I just office Nailed it. I did just realize that this is gonna come out after the holidays and maybe it won't be available at all. No, they still have it. I'm sure they do. Okay. I believe you. What you, what do they do with it? Trust. I trust you. Then they Have the recipe. Yeah. Gimme a, I don't even care if it's in that fancy bottle. You can just send it to me In a jug. In A jug, please. In a vat. If you would Send it to me in a barrel, just Please, just please In a keg, If you will send Me a cow that makes that And I'll milk him. Send me a keg of the frosted sugar cookie. I would, I would, I would keg stand that.


I would do a keg. Stand on that. That's horrifying. One Thing I ever did is a keg stand. Me neither. Yeah. I mean, everybody. Nobody. I was gonna say, is that shocking? I used to, but I used to. Didn't do that. Yeah. Yeah. Anyways, I just really want that. My life is hard without it today. I, I did the, My life is hard when my Life is hard without it. I did, I did this sweet cream today and I, I made it through. It's only like two o'clock. We're really Proud of you. Thanks. We're everybody. Keep asking your thoughts. Hard. Thank you. She's Using sweet cream instead of frosting you keeping In your thoughts. What am I gonna do? Thoughts and prayers. Thank you. Those are useful.


So to get to gain some much needed perspective, we're gonna shift, we're gonna shift into something that's honestly gonna shock you. I believe. Oh, Everyone listening? Okay. The case that I am covering today, I it, so I'm gonna be covering The Blackout Ripper. Oh, I haven't heard of this one. His name is Gordon Cummins. And that's so unassuming. Yeah. Just Gordon. I just always think of Gordon Ramsey. Yeah, he's, he's very assuming. He's pretty assuming, but I always just idiot sandwich. Yeah, he's definitely assuming. But this guy, I knew I had heard of this case, but I didn't know the details.


And when I looked further into it, I was like, whoa. So he, this happened after Jack the Ripper. Okay. Also happened over in Europe though. And many rippers in Europe. Many rippers. We have a few over here too. But these ones are rough. And the thing is, I'm, I'm, I hesitate to say any, any ripper is worse than the other because they're all fucking terrible. That's why they are literally called rippers. Yeah. But the thing with The Blackout Ripper that we're gonna cover today, this is gonna be a two-parter by the way. 'cause it's a lot. But he is like with Jack the Ripper.


Sorry. I'm like everywhere. My thoughts are all over the place. It's 'cause you didn't have the right coffee cream. I didn't. I That's very true. So Jack the Ripper was pretty methodical. Yeah. About the way he went about things. Seemed like he had almost like a plan, like a blueprint when he went into each murder. He did it quick. He did it relatively, you know, clean isn't the word, but like very quick and smooth. He also did his mutilation, post-mortem. Post mortem for the most part. Really the only one that you can point to is Mary Kelly at the end. That was like frenzied and out of control and totally off the map.


Which some people even wonder if it's obviously we went into that, if that's all connected and all that. But we won't go into that. But The Blackout Ripper Gordon Cummins. He does, he's a mutilated. That's why he's called a ripper. Yeah. But he is like sadistic. Okay. Because his mutilation is not done postmortem. Okay. It seems like he enjoys hurting women and he enjoys hurting women when they can feel it. Like torturing them. Yeah. He mutilates and tortures while they're alive. And it's so, while I hesitate to say he is worse because obviously it's all awful. Yeah. He's different. He's a different, for sure.


He's a different level of ripper. I would say. He's v It's very upsetting. I'm giving you a trigger warning up front. This is very graphic and there is a lot of really fucked up, gruesome things that he does to his victims. So please be aware of that. Okay. Good news is though, they caught him. That's good. He's not a Jack the Ripper. He's a Gordon. He's a Gordon. He got caught. He's Gordon the idiot. So let's take it back, shall we? Let's take it back. Back, back. We're going back into, you know, when German bombing raids were happening during World War II. Us far back, taking it back.


We're in the thirties, late thirties, early forties. So In response to the onset of German bombing raids during World War II, a lot of England's most vulnerable citizens were evacuated. And temporarily they were, you know, they were taken out of like the urban areas to be safer in the more rural parts of the country because it was really, really dangerous time and very unprecedented and very like unpredictable time. But those who stayed in the cities would spend years enduring blackouts. So scary. And these were periods where the city was intentionally plunged into darkness to prevent German bombers from easily identifying urban areas to bomb.


That's so sad that they even had to do that to avoid being bombed. Oh. And it's all, that in and of itself is an awful, awful thing. If you research into these blackouts, horrific. And they were, they were a huge inconvenience and obviously like tough to deal with in a myriad of ways. But they were also a safety risk, right. For everybody. But for at least one person, they offered the perfect opportunity to enact what was clearly his darkest fantasies. Oh, this man clearly had been thinking about this. You don't just go and do this. And he didn't have a criminal record. Wow. So he went straight. He must've been thinking about this for a long time.


And this gave him the opportunity. So when the German arm army invaded Poland in September, 1939, like we said, countries all over Europe were forced to take a position and develop a strategy just in case they were drawn into the conflict in England, where attacks from Germany were kind of, everybody was just waiting for it. It was, it was imminent. Essentially. The war secretary just quickly mobilized the British armed for armed forces and began evacuating 1.5 million citizens. Wow. Those citizens were mostly like women, children, the elderly, the most vulnerable. Like I said, taking them outta the cities, bringing them to the countryside, that's where they were gonna be safer.


But these would end up being super traumatic for a lot of people because they ended up being relocated to the homes of strangers often. And they also wouldn't know what happened to the people that they left behind. Oh my God, I can't imagine. Like fathers, you know, brothers all like loved ones. All kinds of people loved. Yeah. And that was for like many years they dealt with this. Yeah. Under those circumstances, when the bombs began falling a few months later, many of these people chose to just return home instead of being separated from their families and just dealt with the, the chaos that was about to ensue. Now, in addition to the relocation of honestly the most vulnerable people in the nation, the government also implemented those widespread nightly blackouts.


It was every night. Wow. During this time, all lights, electric or natural were to be extinguished. Oh my God. That must have just been straight up blackness. So scary. I don't think any of us can truly appreciate how dark, dark that would be. The dark that was happening here. Because we are, no matter what this lights around us at all times. Always. It's like when we covered Jack the Ripper, we talked about how, I don't think people take into account how wild it is that he did what he did with such precision in that Darkness In how dark it was. There wasn't street lamps, there weren't, they were, he was doing this by the light of a small flame up in a corner.


Right. Like, that's insane. And then here there's no light whatsoever. It is a black that you can't even conceive of. Oh God. And that just adds to the, yeah. To the feeling, the Overall feeling. Oh my God. It 'cause it takes away all your senses. It it totally like, it puts you in a place of like just complete vulnerability. Yeah. And in every way I imagine like, there are so many people who have genuine, like people say, oh, I'm scared of the dark. But there are people who have literal phobias of the, the dark. Oh yeah. Can you imagine having to deal with That? I don't think I, I feel like it would make me crazy. Yeah. I feel like, yeah. Not having any kind of like perception of what was around you, that's what would scare me the most. That would fuck you up


Today. The beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites. Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices, the better.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's Accused of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe with her Car, Gar Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this case, But now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does It feel to be a cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and It shouldn't be. I just want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the retrial exclusively an ad-free on Wondery Plus.


And though, and it's not like this was something you could just like not do because If you violated this blackout, you were gonna be subject to fines of various amounts. And it was as simple as like lighting a match would get you a fine. Wow. And these people couldn't afford this stuff and they couldn't afford to be thrown in jail. And also, you don't wanna be the person who Fucks it up. Fucks It up. Exactly. And like puts everybody in danger. Yeah. And obviously this, like you said, like you don't wanna be the one to fuck this up because what they were doing was trying to stay hidden from German bombers, identifying them as targets, right. During air raids. But while it was like strategically made sense for the time because like, what else are they gonna do?


It had obviously added risks with it. It's like, yeah, you are safe from air raids, you're not safe from each other. Right. And that's a problem. In the first month alone, traffic deaths doubled. And by the, by January, 1942, one in five people had sustained some form of injury from the blackouts. One in five people. Yeah. Now, as all this chaos was unfolding, the question that came about was, what do we do with the nation's countless prisoners that are now Yeah. Unlike the free British citizens who could evacuate or hide during an air raid, people in prison and youth detention centers we're just sitting targets. Right.


It's like, what do you do? You just let them be sitting. Not all of them are in there for like killing people, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's like this, some petty crimes are there. Right. And it's like they're just sitting there waiting to be bombed now. So in response, the government implemented a policy where any inmate with less than three months left on their sentence. And boys who completed at least six months of their sentence would be released. That's a little bit scary. You understand why that happened? Yeah. But that's definitely a little scary. Well, and the result was a massive, massive uptick in criminal activity at a time when law enforcement was already overworked and their attention was understandably in many other places.


So during this period, police relied on support from civilian volunteers who were instrumental in coordinate coordinating air raid precaution efforts and could be identified now, like these volunteer citizens, they could be identified by their helmets and air raid precautions armband. So you could know who you could trust, quote unquote, but unfortunately as people are gonna do, they're gonna pee. So petty criminals quickly realized those armbands gave the wear considerable power. And according to an article by Duncan Campbell, criminals began to kit themselves out with an a RP warden's helmet and armband and sta smash their way into shops when no one was looking.


Yeah. So they just started using it. It's like Ted Bundy carrying around a police badge. Exactly. Under the circumstances, law enforcement and the public had to make distinctions between what was and what wasn't. Behavior worth prosecuting because they can't go after everybody. Now, in simple terms, stealing a blanket from a shop would ordinarily be considered theft. But during wartime, most people would probably agree with you that stealing a blanket from a shop to cover a body in the street was probably not criminal behavior. Yeah, fair enough. So things were lines were being blurred, which makes very scary. Now in wartime England, looting and shoplifting alone were such huge, massive problems that the courts set aside two days each week just to prosecute those charge for those crimes.


Wow. But they were not the only crimes that were clogging up the courts. The less scrupulous business owners, for example, were known to exploit the rationing of wartime goods by selling additional products at like crazy over like price gouging. Yeah. Essentially. And even some doctors were more than happy to disqualify a young man from military service just for a few extra bucks. Yeah. So everybody's suddenly tilting in the wrong direction. Yeah. On the moral scale here with the British justice system just so bogged down with additional crime and a dramatic increase in public need, other crimes were kind of ignored. Like sex work, for example, was a, a big crime back then.


Considered a big crime. And it flourished during the wartime years in part because it was obviously like way less important of like, yeah. Who is it really? Like what are we doing here? Right. You know? And but also because these women provided what some were arguing if was a valuable service to the military men. Yeah. So what are you, you gotta prosecute them. Like, come on. Right. Just let everybody look. There's a lot of way worse shit happening in here in London's Piccadilly Circus, for example, the so-called Piccadilly commandos. As the area sex workers were known, catered to thousands of young men about to ship off the front line to the front lines, all of which went largely ignored by the police.


They just let it happen. You know, they're going off to war, you might as well. Yeah. You know what? Whatever. With that said, the lax attitudes around sex work at the time and law enforcement turning a blind eye to the whole thing allowed for at least one man to quickly and easily find victims with who he could get very close to very easily, and act out his murderous fantasies that he had very clearly been having for a long time. Yeah. So it's like, it's, it's a double-edged sword for real. Definitely. Now, given the tensions and frustrations being felt across Brita Britain, in those days, murder seemed like an inevitable thing that was going to happen. In fact, within just two weeks of the announcements, announcements of the nightly blackouts, the report of the first murder came in from Edinburgh on September 15th, 1939.


And this victim, in this case, 52-year-old Isabella Ralph, had no fixed address and did make her living sometimes doing sex work. Okay. Now, in the case of Isabella Ralph, the press reported the death and gave like a brief overview of the circumstances. That was really it. Just a quick little mention, you know, with cities being ripped apart by German air raids and families being separated by evacuations and displacement. It seemed like everyone just kind of moved on from this murder of this woman, this, you know, like nomadic woman in Scotland. Right. Fortunately, Edinburgh police got lucky, and a few days later they arrested John Henry Connell, a 24-year-old bricklayer that was living in Edinburgh.


Damn. 24. Yeah. Upon being arrested, Connell told police he'd taken a room at a boarding house, and the next day he realized that he had some money that was stolen. So he can confronted Isabella Ralph with whom he'd had relations relations with the previous evening. Okay. And he managed to retrieve his stolen money. But in the process of this whole thing, the two got physically aggressive with each other. They started struggling and he said he grabbed her throat in order to stop her from screaming, and oops, he killed her. I think we all know by now how long it takes to manually strangle someone. So that's bullshit. Yup. You, you don't just go, oh, oh, I tried to make her stop screen.


It's so crazy. I held it there for like, you know, many, many minutes. Yeah. Like at the very least it's three minutes. Right. At least like four. I think it four. Yeah. And it's, and it's consistent pressure right. Too. It's like If you let off just for a second, it starts the clock again. Yeah. Now, at trial, Connell's lawyer claimed his client had never intended to kill Isabella and he had only wanted to get his stolen money back. Despite the evidence showing that several of Isabella Ralph's ribs had been crushed in the process, indicating a very much higher degree of violence. Yeah. Than he was talking about. The judge accepted the lesser plea of culpable homicide and sentenced Connell to three years of penal serv servitude.


Wow. In handing down the sentence, Lord Justice Clerk told him, I'm satisfied that the results of your conduct was the very last thing you anticipated, But you took this woman's life through violence, which you inflicted upon her. So he's like, I'm confident that you didn't mean to kill her, But you did. Essentially. Okay. Now the murder of Isabella Ralph, which was definitely a violent homicide, like Yes. Good try. Illustrates two important things about the press and the judicial system's understanding of murder at the time, especially of the lower class persuasion during this time period. First, regardless of the brutality or sensational nature of the crime, page space was limited.


An editorial and journalistic priorities were given to coverage of the war at the time. So they were just not going to focus on this. And second, the justice system, particularly the resources of the police and the court system had very limited bandwidth and were eager to process what they considered lesser crimes as quickly and with as little attention as possible. Right. These two realities are definitely going to be an important factor and why there was relatively little coverage of what would end up being a serial killer operating in London during these blackouts. Especially when you consider the obvious comparisons to none other than England's most notorious and mysterious killer Jack the ripper.


There's a very obvious, like they're, you can compare them. Yeah, definitely. And it's like, it shows you how fucking bonkers it was at the time that they're not talking about like a Jack the Ripper 2.0 a second Jack the Ripper essentially is kind of going unnoticed and not really talked about. It's like that should have been liter. Like Jack the Ripper at the time was all anyone was talking about. Yeah. Literally all they were talking about all the press was talking about anybody on the street and this one, which is essentially the same like Mo, but somehow more sadistic Yeah. Is not even being talked about. It's very interesting, and you and I have been talking about it lately, how certain social climates will just desensitize people to completely the worst things.


Yeah. They just, and they just, it wasn't being reported on. Now by the winter of 1942, the war had been dragging on for more than a year, and violence had, honestly for the residents of London had just become a normal thing. They just dealt with it every day. Violence, violence, violence. Still even the most hardened of Londoners would've been absolutely shocked by the first discovery. This discovery was made by plumbers William Baldwin and Harold Batchelder on their way to work on the morning of February 9th, 1942. So as the two men passed through Montague Place in Mary Labone, I looked this up, Mary Labone that morning, they noticed what looked to be a broken flashlight laying in the snow just out of one of, outside of one of these, like, they're like basically handmade air raid shelters.


Okay. If you look it up, you'll, it's like a little kind of a half circle. Like, you know what like a half sphere tint kind of made with No, it's kind of made with like a, like a tin almost. Oh. With like a little opening so you can scoot in and hide essentially. Okay.


Lamont Jones's world is shattered when his cousin dies in custody just weeks after entering prison. The official report says natural causes, but bruises and missing teeth tell a different story. From Wondery comes Death County pa, a chilling true story of corruption and coverups that begins as one man's search for answers, but soon reveals a disturbing pattern. Lamont's Cousin's death is just one of many and powerful forces are working to keep the truth buried with never before heard interviews and shocking revelations. Death County PA pulls back the curtain on one of America's darkest institutional secrets. This isn't just another true crime story, it's happening right now. Follow Death County PA on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Death County PA early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Next to it, they found a woman's green wool turban style hat some matches and some oval teen tablets. Then as they got closer to it, they saw what looked like the pale leg of what they believed was a mannequin sticking outta the doorway of the shelter. It's never a mannequin. Harold Batchelder ran to the nearest phone and called the police and PC John Miles arrived a short time later they discovered this was a human body because initially they thought it was a mannequin, but they were like, let's call it in because there's some, yeah. Just in case with all like the, the objects that clearly belonged to a woman, this we're not gonna check ourselves. So upon seeing this woman's body, miles knew it was not an accidental death.


Yeah. So he called for additional officers and he secured the scene. Now, as far as the officers at the scene could tell the woman in the air raid shelter had been brutalized by her attacker. Her face and neck were badly bruised, her clothes were torn. Her skirt had been pulled up to her thighs And she had been violently sexually assaulted. Oh. The following day, the pathologist, sir Bernard's spills this man, I Bernard Sir Bernard spills, that's a very important name. It is an important name. He concluded his postmortem examination and he reported that aside from the bruising on her face and neck, there were quote, a small, a number of small abrasions to her upper, including a small amount of abrasions to her exposed right breast.


Oh. The cause of death was listed as manual strangulation. Okay. She ended up being the least brutalized of all of his victims. Wow. If you can believe it. Just to give you a heads up for what's to come at the scene. There was very little forensic evidence to work with investigators theorized that that her body, which had been discovered with her legs wide open in the doorway of the shelter Oh. Had been deliberately posed to humiliate her corpse. Yeah. Later that day, PC Miles found the victim's purse a short distance away on the sidewalk. Someone had clearly gone through it and taken whatever money and value bulls were inside, as well as her ID card. Okay.


The only blood found on the victim was her own, but the bruising on her neck and fingerprints found at the scene suggested that she'd been killed by a left-handed person. Ah, interesting that they could figure that out back in the thirties. Isn't that interesting? A few days later, the victim was identified as Evelyn Hamilton, a 41-year-old pharmacist from Essex. The outbreak of the war had all but bankrupted the pharmacy where Evelyn was working and on the night of her death, she had been passing through London on her way to Grimsby where she was gonna start a new job at a different pharmacy. Oh wow. So she was just going to her job. Right. Detectives learned that Hamilton had been staying at a local, local woman's hostel that evening and was last seen at the Lion's corner house where she had dinner and a drink.


But unfortunately no one at the Lyon's corner remembered whether she was joined by a man that evening. So they couldn't really determine whether she'd been lured to the shelter or simply attacked on her way back from the hospital. Right. Or the hostel detectives has only just begun investigating the Hamilton murder when a report of a similar murder was reported on February 10th. This is just the next day. Right. That morning, two meter readers from the electric company were doing their rounds, you know, just going from rooming house to rooming house and they were le they were trying to go into one place in a rooming house on WA Ward Street in Soho. So the men knocked on the door of 34-year-old Evan Oakley's room and they got no reply.


The manager was like, no, she's home. Like I know this. I saw her like she hasn't left. So the manager was like, you know, what did you try the door? And they were like, well no, we can't just like walk into people's houses so we didn't. And he was like, no, I know she's home. I'm just gonna like see if I can open and yell for her. Yeah. So he jiggled the door and it was unlocked. Yeah. So he kinda like opened it a little, kinda yelled her name, didn't get an answer, and he was like, I know she's home. Like, what the fuck? She wouldn't leave this unlocked. So they ended up going inside and as they entered the apartment, they found Evelyn lying face up on her bed. They later they later said they believed she had a red scarf around her neck, but found out it was just that her neck had been violently slashed open.


Wow. Yeah. The men ran into the street to find the nearest police officer and returned with Inspector John Hennessy. In his report filed later that day, Hennessy described what he saw when he entered the apartment. This is rough. I flashed my torch and saw a woman believed to be Evelyn Oatley on her back on a die van or single bed in a transverse position. We looked it up in a die van. I didn't know what that was. No, me either. It is apparently like a chaise Yeah. Lounge. Essentially. Her head was pointing north and was hanging down over down the side of the bed. Oh. She was naked except for a slender garment, which covered her breasts. I saw that her throat had been cut and a hand torch was wedged in her private parts.


Oh. A tin can opener was lying near the torch and her legs were wide apart. Oh my God. It gets worse. Additional investigators arrived at the house soon after the discovery and were shocked by the brutality of this murder superintendent Fred Cheryl said she was a ghastly sight. She had been the victim of a sadistic attack of the most horrible and revolting kind. Yeah. Now, superintendent Fred Cheryl is kinda like a fingerprint as expert as well. Oh wow. So he was like really big in this case and even he couldn't, he was the one that determined that they were probably lefthand. This person was probably left-handed and tried to run these fingerprints alongside like known offenders and couldn't find a match anywhere.


He was the one that determined person wasn't known. Yeah. Things that had been used in this murder and on Evelyn were a razor blade, a can opener, parts of a broken mirror, a flashlight and curling tongs. Oh wow. Yeah. It's literally unthinkable rage in sadism in this case. That's why I was saying that he's, there's a different element here than there was in Jack the Ripper case. Yeah. Not there's a torture element per se, but there, but it's a different level for sure. Curling dongs.


Yeah. There it's, it's sadism and it would, it appears to be that the killer is taking a lot of time to torture and inflict pain and I mutilations on these victims while they're alive. Yeah. Like the Hamilton murder, there was very little evidence found at the scene and no one could think of any reason that someone would kill Oatley at the time of her death. Evelyn was married, but had been living apart from her husband Harold for some time while she pursued an acting career in London. According to Harold Oley, Evelyn was quote, fascinated with West end life and would not leave it. But while it was true that she was hoping to make her way in the theater, she had worked at a nightclub for a little while, but while her husband was away, she had been supporting herself as a full-time sex worker since 1939.


The last time anyone had seen her was when she was with a dark-haired airman. The night before this dark-haired airman had approached her. Somebody said, okay. And according to this really cool YouTuber, who I, he's fascinating, his channel, he's called, well, I never YouTube. Well I never YouTube, and he's just this British man who will tell you all about these amazing things and horrifying things. Love it. Apparently her friends and this like really will like break your heart. When he said it, her friends later said she had turned to sex work, you know, obviously for income while her husband was away, but also because she was afraid of sleeping in her apartment alone because of the blackouts. So like she just wanted, oh, that's so sad.


She was just lonely and scared. It's like really sad. According to the medical examiner, Evelyn Oley had been beaten and strangled to unconsciousness and then suffered extensive sexually motivated mutilations inflicted by the killer using a safety razor curling tongs, A corner fragment of broken mirror and the tin can opener. Yeah. Yeah. Evelyn's cause of death was the five and a half inch wound on her neck that severed her carotid artery, which was believed to have been inflicted with the two inch razor blade. Right. Now, among the evidence that was found in the room were unidentified fingerprints on the fragment of the broken mirror and the tin can opener.


And they again indicated that the killer was left-handed. So we're relating these two cases, Even though they're very different. But yeah. You know, otherwise it looked like there was, you know, obviously a huge struggle, but that there was also only one thing missing. And this, it was like a silver cigarette case. Oh. That was in her purse, Just a trophy. But her bank books and her money were still there. Now that makes me think that in the first case, the Hamilton murder, they said they found her purse close by, but on the sidewalk and that I think somebody passing by just stole her shit Possibly. Yeah. I don't even know if he did thought he maybe took her identification, but I don't know if he took her money.


My thought was that possibly he like chased her somehow And she dropped her purse along the way. And then like you said, somebody else took her stuff. I think Someone else Probably did. And I do wonder if like, obviously there's such an escalation here, if he didn't do everything that he did to his second victim, to his first victim, because it was a little bit more like, in this case, he's in an apartment tucked away. He has all the time in the world. Yeah. And he doesn't, it doesn't look like he brings these things with him. Yeah. It looks like he finds them where he is. Oh. And he Available at The first crime scene at first thing. So I think he just didn't have anything available to him. I think if he did, it probably would've been the exact same thing. Yeah. But he was outside. Yeah.


What's even worse is a neighbor told police later that a little after midnight, the night before they had heard a radio turn suddenly turn up really loud from that apartment enough that they could hear it through the walls. We always say how much we hate that. Fucking Hate that. I know. He literally was doing it to drown out her screams. Yeah. Now, on February 12th, a sex worker named Catherine Mul. Kay nearly lost her life to this man, but didn't, oh God. She got away. Yes. Apparently a very nice looking clean cut man approached her while she was soliciting on Regent Street, And she agreed to work with him once they were at her apartment and the whole thing began. He got on top of her and attacked her immediately. He dug his knees as hard as he could into her abdomen.


Ouch. And started trying to strangle her manually. But she fought back hard and apparently she still had her boots on And she kicked him as hard as she could off of her. Nice. And ran the fuck out of there to her neighbors completely nude. Oh. He ran after her and threw money at her claiming he was drunk and he didn't mean to and then he ran away. Yeah, sure. But he left something behind.


What did he, he left a belt behind a royal air force belt Specifically. So this motherfucker's in the Air force, and remember the night before Evelyn had airmen been seen being approached by a nice, clean cut, dark haired air force Man, Isn't it so scary how like I can't somebody, anyone, somebody can look so unassuming and even charming and then they're this And then they're this, they're this. Oh, Scary. Yeah. Now he went right on that evening to kill again after this, what he would consider a failure. But that victim would not be discovered until February 13th. So we're gonna get there, but I'm trying to go into order of the discoveries while making the, like maintaining the timeline.


Okay. Because I want you to get the idea of how blood thirsty this fucker really was. Right. Like he barely went a day, sometimes even hours between murders. It was like a spree. And when one failed, he would immediately find another woman to kill. So he does go right to another one, but she is not found for a couple of days. Okay. So the police and press had honestly barely begun to even process Evelyn Oatley scene when a report of yet another body came in, not 24 hours later on the afternoon of the 13th, 15-year-old, and it's not her who died. Oh my goodness. 15-year-old Barbara Lowe went to visit her mother Margaret at her apartment in North Soho. Oh, it's Her mom Though. Yeah. When Barbara's Knox didn't get an answer, she asked a neighbor if they'd seen her mother Margaret, but the neighbor was like, you know what?


I haven't seen her in a couple of days. And there is a package that's been sitting on the step for a couple of days. So it was not her mom's character to go away without saying anything or to like just abandon her in any way. So Barbara called the police, who dispatched an officer to the apartment. They used a spare key and were able to get inside. But when they went inside Ds, Leonard Blacktop was very surprised to see that the blackout curtains were still drawn and everything was completely dark. And he was like, are you sure she's in here? And he fch, he switched on his flashlight and started making his way through the place. And in the kitchen he saw a woman's purse was laying on the floor and everything in the purse was strewn across the floor.


Okay. So finally he reached the last door in the apartment, which was Margaret's bedroom. The door was locked, but Barbara gave the detective permission to force the door open so they could get inside. Fortunately, he was able to stop Barbara from coming into the room, which spared her a lot of horror. Margaret Lowe's body was on the bed completely nude and having probably been there for at least a day or two. Mm. Her face and head were brutally beaten and beaten with what the detective assumed was the fireplace poker that lay in two pieces on the floor beside her. It broke A fireplace.


Poker. Yeah. Those things are usually like wrought iron. Yeah. Later the autopsy would show that her jaw had been shattered. Oh God. By the blues. One of her stockings had been tied tightly around her neck and nodded it had dug into her skin. Oh. And her body had been badly, badly mutilated with, among other things, a razor, a potato peeler and a kit and a table knife. And, and this is horrifying. And not that everything else hasn't been, there was a large serrated bread knife protruding from a wound near her groin and a wax candle had been inserted into her vagina.


Yeah. Everybody's literally in this room in a state of absolute shock. It's when I tell you I was not ready for this case to be as brutal as it is, I had no idea. I don't Know if we've heard anything that brutal back to back The fact that this has gone largely kind of like under the radar even now. Yeah. Like I've said, we're gonna cover The Blackout Ripper to a couple people and they're like, oh, what's that? I know that is, I literally never heard Of this. You had never heard of it. Nobody had ever heard of it. Oh my God. And this is what it is, a potato peel peeler That I couldn't move. That's the thing somehow that I was focused on. But then Because he's using just kitchen items, oh God.


Like he's just using what is around this is brutal, which is even more fucked up that this man is coming in. He knows he can strangle them to death. So he is not worried about he, he doesn't seem to be worried about like the end result. Right. He knows he can probably get the end result, but he's just coming in there being like, I'll just use what's around like potato peeler, razor fucking candle. I Can't even begin to Think tin opener, what you would do with a broken mirror To somebody like, oh my God. Oh yeah. Yeah. That poor, poor woman. Thank God her daughter didn't see that. That's the thing. That's The thing. I don't know how you would ever go on.


Not even Just, I don't think you do hearing What had happened to her mother. No. To like, oh my God. Like How do you even I'm speechless right now. 15 now. And That's the other thing, 15 in the middle of the war, like motherless. Yeah. And her mom had been like, you know, just trying to make ends, like just trying to, and keep her in boarding school too. Yeah. Like pay to keep her in boarding school. Oh. Because so fingerprints were found in the apartment and again, left-handed. So they're connecting it now. Yep. But that wasn't, and and obviously she had some commonalities with the other victims, but until the early 1930s, Margaret and her husband had been relatively wealthy, really living off an income from the dry goods store and boarding house that they had owned together.


But her husband died in 1932 and the income quickly went away and Margaret found herself desperate to support herself and her daughter. So she turned to sex work. This was not in the, again, she was, her daughter was going to boarding school And she wanted to keep her in boarding school. Right. So she did this Right's doing anything She could, she did keep her daughter where she was safest. Yeah. Now, this was not the first time that she'd relied on sex work for income, but, And she, but she was kind of hoping to have left it behind when she met her husband and like started a family. Yeah. And she did. Yeah. Until he died. Right. Which is really just like, I feel so bad because like, you know, she didn't want to, no. Now the similarities between the victims weren't lost on the press.


One reporter wrote, the three West end murders have all been discovered within an area of just over one square mile as each woman was strangled. The possibility that all three were the victims of the same person cannot be ruled out. There were of course other details about the cases that the press hadn't made even been aware of at the time. And it probably would've only strengthened their belief that the women were victims of the same man. But there was really not a lot of time to consider all the connections between the cases because another victim was discovered just hours after Margaret Lowe's body had been found. Thank God. I can't imagine the police just going from scene to scene like this. Yeah. Just one after the other. After the other.


Yeah. And that's where we're gonna end part one, just because I think there's a lot in here. Yeah. And it's very heavy. Seriously. But this is, I mean, luckily, you know, he gets caught. That's The good thing. Get caught. It's shocking when he's caught because he's, he's not like he's, he's not a walking monster on the, the outside. I, he's obviously like Yeah, good looking enough to have charmed these women normal looking enough and normal seeming enough to That no one's batting an eye and He's in the air force. Like he had to have passed some kind of, well, I don't know how that worked back then, actually. It's like, I, I don't either. I know now you have to pass so many tests to be cleared to be part of the military.


I think he still needed to pass, you know, I was certain tests. So it's like, so he Passed some of those tests that it's like, geez Louise. It's just the Jack the Ripper case is so brutal and like, so vicious and like, it's shocking when you go through it bit by bit and find out the injuries to these women. And then like, this is just like, 'cause you can't, you can't help but compare the two because they're in the same, you know, relative, you know, corner of the world. Sure. Not like, you know, too far away in time from each Other. Well, and it's the same like victim Profile and it's the same kind of victim profile. It's the same motive. Frie almost like frenzy when it comes to like how quickly and how many victims he was ranking up here.


Right. But it's like, there's just like, so you, he has to be such an evil Fuck. Yeah. Like he has to be such an evil to Use a potato peeler on somebody to stab somebody with a bread knife, I mean to kill anybody obviously. But the lengths that he's going to and like, you know, assaulting, sexually assaulting them with these objects and Yeah. Oh my God. It's, I think this is definitely up there with some of the most brutal cases that you have covered. I agree. And I see you. I was shocked. I am shocked right now. I think it's good that we're ending here for part one. 'cause I think, oh damn.


Should we bring back pallet cleansers? I know. Seriously. I think everybody needs a quick pallet cleanser. So go listen to the re watcher for that. Yeah. And part two, there's, there's more. He's not done. So part two is not, you know, just the arrest and all that. It's, he's not done right. And he's as brutal. So I'm very excited to hear the part where he gets caught and sentenced to so many years in prison. Yeah. I hope all the years. All the years. He hope he's still there. Yeah. Well, fuck Yeah. Okay, well thanks for listening And we hope you Keep it Weird. Oh, but not so weird that this, I'm so shocked that I can't actually even speak right now.


Now. Yeah. So she was just say, am I supposed to say something? Not that weird. No, not that weird. Never that I, we don't have To tell you that. No. You know,


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.