
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Hey everyone, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am absolutely loving. It's called Cava. Hands down, the best thing that I found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day Cava is the all-in-one superfood shake, made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, literally everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth and comes together with just water and actually comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, I like the vanilla And I like the chai one, and sometimes I like to mix those together, but it also comes in chocolate matcha and coconut acai. Personally, I like to drink it for breakfast. I know at the beginning of my day, I'm just getting everything that I need. I feel satiated for hours and when I drink it in the morning, I just feel energized, ready for my day. Sometimes if I've ran out of the chai, I actually like to put a little bit of peanut butter in the vanilla one. It's awesome. You gotta try it. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off. for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


One of the first things I notice about people is their smile. I'm a sucker for teeth. I just love good teeth. And that made me hyper aware of my own teeth. And for a while I was like, Hmm, I don't know if these are like the best that they could be, but guess what? Achieving a gorgeous grin from home isn't a total mystery with Bite clear liners. Just don't be surprised if all your sleuthed friends start asking, what's your secret? To get started, all you need to do is order your at-Home Impression kit today for only 1495. So cheap Bite clear aligners are doctor directed and delivered right to yah. They make it easy to kick off your smile journey and bites Treatment costs thousands less than braces Plus they offer flexible financing except eligible insurance. And you can pay with your HSA or FSA. I absolutely loved Bite clear aligners. They made my smile shine so much brighter, so much wider. And I felt so much lighter. So get 80% off your impression kit when you use Code Morbid at Bite dot com. That's BYT e.com. Start your confidence journey today with Bite.


Are you looking to maximize your online shopping experience? Try Rakuten. Your favorite stores like Sephora, Nike and Neiman Marcus. Pay Rakuten a commission for sending them shoppers and Rakuten shares the commission with its members. That's you. Cash back is then deposited directly into your PayPal account or Rakuten can send you a check. The choice is yours. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. Look, you're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? It's a no-brainer. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cash. Back rates change daily. See rakuten.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


Hey weirdos. I'm Melina. I am Ash. And this Is Morbid. I am just a fuck boy in these intros these days. You are just a little fuck boy. You are a little tiny fuck boy. Oh boy. Oh brother. What's, what's going on?


What's going on? I had a calzone with Milky weighing it for lunch. Had dessert cal for lunch. Dessert. It was delightful. Yeah, it was You know what? It was delightful. And what was also delightful is that although we've been having some like weird vibes, we've talked to you guys about it a little bit. Yeah. Like the doppelganger situation. The TV falling on my head. The TV slow motion falling on it. Yeah. Just my stew mock moment. You stu mock moment. My my casual brain damage. It's felt a little off and we, we've all felt it and we've all just kinda like been like, Ooh, like what? Ew, what is this? I don't like it. And so we were like, all right, I'm gonna clean this morning, I'm gonna vacuum.


I'm gonna like make sure everything's decluttered. Maybe that's part of it. But then Mikey was like, wait a second. Our gal Rachel Sta Rachel who is like this amazing out of this world Exorcist, we had her on, you remember, she's amazing. Go listen to that episode if you haven't. 'cause she's delightful. She heard that we were like having some weird energy and weird vibes and we kind of talked to her about it a little bit and she sent us a lovely little care package Yeah. Of items that will help us kinda like cleanse the space and like make the energy a little better. So Mikey lit some incense and just was like, You know what? Let's get Rachel vibes in here.


Yeah. I'm not kidding you. Something happened because No, it's so true. The energy in this room is different. It's And. I'm usually pretty skeptical about some of this stuff. Like I'll end up being like, oh, I don't know. Like maybe it's just like, I'll say you Mo, I'm not kidding you. It feels like a totally different room because I was not here this morning when you guys did that. Yeah. And then when I walked in I was like, wait second. You were like, what's different here? It feels light as fuck in here. Yeah. Like Mikey was like, it feels like it feels still. Yeah, it does feel still. Whereas, but a good way. Whereas before it felt very racing. It felt staticky. Yeah. Like everything was like, it felt like snow on a TV screen. Like that felt in my head air.


It was like irritating all the time. And I felt like it was like something just didn't feel right. So we just need to say like Rachel Sta man, I'm telling you, she knows her shit. She's so fucking cool. Follow her. Magical her on TikTok. Yeah. Follow her and all the things. Yeah. But she's magical and she did something. So thanks Rachel. Thank you. Right Rachel, you're a fucking pal. Thanks a lot Rachel. I'm telling mom, I'll tell everybody we're telling everybody'll. Tell fucking everybody. I'm telling everybody. So speaking of You know British accents kind of, I think it's Scottish. That was Scottish. But we're gonna be talking about Scotland yard here, so that works. Hey, so we got an old timey murder.


What's fucking happening? Go. This is when I had heard about before and some people may have heard about it, is The Murder of Julia Martha Thomas. Oh, it's a wild one though. And it's one We have not covered somehow. Ooh. Which is Shing. I'm shocked. Is it like an 18 hundreds Z vibe? It is an 18 hundreds Z vibe. Oh wow. So this was dubbed later in the press, The Richmond murder. It captivated Londoners for months. And the killer Kate Webster's trial and execution eventually became something of a public spectacle. You said and you said Kate. Yes, Kate. A woman. A woman.


And in Victoria era England, very few people even believed that a woman was capable of murder. I believe that. But one as vicious as this one. And one that also involved a lot of abuse of a corpse. I will say afterwards. Oh, they definitely didn't believe a woman could do that. Okay. Yeah. So Given that and the absolute viciousness of the entire thing. The. Richmond murder remains one of London's most notorious murders of the late 19th century. Yeah. I'm trying to think of, I like the, the title itself, like The Richmond murder, like makes me feel like I know it. But you're talking about a like a couple details and I'm not, it's not hitting you.


No. Maybe it will. Maybe, maybe halfway through I'll scream if it does. So let's talk about the victim first. Okay. Julia, Martha Thomas. So as is the case with a lot of these like Victorian era cases, we don't have a ton of information about Julia's life. You know before she became a victim of this crime, the 18 hundreds of it all. Exactly. But Julia, Martha Thomas was born in England circa 1823 according to Elliot O'Donnell, who we will link the source in the show notes. She was well known by neighbors to be distinctly eccentric. I like that. Which is fun. That is fun. Who doesn't want to be known as distinctly eccentric?


Yeah. I really love that. In a world full of people who are not be distinctly eccentric, distinctly eccentric, especially back then too, to be known as that. Like how, yeah, that's how You know you're doing it right now. I feel like we need merch that says, especially back then. Especially back then. I feel like we say that a lot. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Just especially back then. Yeah. So she, so O'Donnell wrote that she was possessed of a remarkably excitable temperament, frequently getting vexed and put out for no apparent cause. And she's still remembered as very much a tartar to her servants. A tartar. That doesn't sound good. It it's, it's not. Okay. So as in England, tartar actually means someone who is domineering, bossy, irritable.


Oh, You know it's not sauce. Not great. Okay. It's not a compliment. Okay. So again, she was known. People liked her. Who knew her? It was just the people who worked for her that were like not a great employer. Okay. She was twice widowed. Oh, that's sad. And since the passing of her second husband in 1873, Julia lived in a small house adjacent to a pub in Richmond. Oh hell yeah. Which was a middle class neighborhood in southwest London. And she had spent most of her adult life as a school teacher act actually Cool. Despite a reputation for high expectations and a pretty quirky character. Again, she was super well liked by others. She was never lonely after being widowed, particularly with the pub patrons next door.


Yeah. Like people liked her and also without a husband or when she retired, didn't have a job to tend to, she began kind of indulging her interest in traveling and just going different places. Hell yeah. Yeah. Like she never liked to stay in one place too long. She loved to see other places she went by herself. Good for her. Like she was just, yeah. She loved it. And it was later said that her friends and relatives would sometimes remain for weeks and even months in complete ignorance of her whereabouts. So she just wouldn't tell anyone either. She would just off, she would go, oh, that's not great. Doesn't help later. Don't do that. Doesn't help. Kind of plays into Kate's favor a little bit later. Yeah. But, and at the time she's just like, I'm taking off for a little while. I have no one to be responsible to not tied down except me.


That does sound kind of fun. Right. Imagine just disappearing and like nobody knows where you are, but like you're just on que Yeah. You're just on que like, it's okay. You're on que, it's fine. And Julia's like, hell yeah. I like that. Now outside of all this and her exec eccentricities, Julia was remembered by most for her commitment to appearances. Oh honey. With quote fondness for dress and jewelry. Oh honey. She made the most of her modest means and was often seen wearing gold jewelry and rings as well as fine clothes. Okay, sister. Yeah. And that's, this was not because she was wealthy. She really wasn't wealthy. Yeah. She wasn't like You know the, the poorest of the poor. She wasn't the wealthiest of the wealthy. She was like solid middle class at that time.


But she spent her money on good quality shit. She did. And O'Donnell actually refers to it in the book as an ob, obvious anxiety to be thought gente. Well, You know. No, I'm just kidding. Well, You know she again, she was solidly middle class, but it was very important to her that she perce be perceived as highly respectable despite her reliance on the income of like taking lodgers in her house, that kind of thing. Mm. She went out of her way to give the impression that she had wealth. She had class dress for the job you want, not the job you have. Exactly. She just liked I I I don't have to be rich to look rich.


Yeah. Is what she was saying. You don't, I don't have to spend all that money to look rich. I look rich, frugal, Franny. And it's like, good job Julia. Exactly. So although she was gen generally thought of positively by her neighbors, like we said, and her friends and people who knew her at the pub and all that, she didn't go to the pub. They just knew her from like outside because she lived right there and stuff. Yeah. Julia's reputation as a demanding employer with high standards made it a little difficult for her to find long-term domestic workers. Mm. Actually records indicate that she hired a lot of servants over the years. Only one maid was known to have stayed employed by her for any real length of time. Damn. The rest of 'em just gone. They just couldn't hack it.


Yeah. Because of this gnarly track record. In January, 1879, Julia found herself yet again looking for a new maid. And this is when her friend Lucy Loder mentioned, Hey, I actually just recently came in contact with this young Irish woman named Kate Webster, not Kate and Kate. Webster had done a few days labor for Lucy, her friend there, and was looking for long-term employment in the area. So she was like, this seems perfect. She was great for what I needed her for. Yeah. 10 out of 10 recommend. There you go. Which like, oops, you should not have zero out of 10. Looking back, this is one of those things where you like, you like vouch for somebody and then you're like, fuck We. Have all all been there.


So Kate Webster was born actually Catherine Lawler. Huh. Which should give you a little idea of like, huh? We have an alias. Yeah. We don't love that. What's going on there? What a fun last name. Lawler Lawler. That'd be good. In the group chat. She was born circa 1849 in Killan County. Wexford Northern Ireland. Okay. From the moment of her arrest later in life, the authorities found it very difficult to verify a lot about what Webster told them of her backstory and personal history. Mysterious squirrely. She was a liar. A liar Who lied. Mysterious, squirrely. She was a liar.


Liar. According to Kate, she grew up in a Roman Catholic farming family and claimed to have married a sea captain by the name of Webster. Doubt it. While still in her teens. And she said the couple had four kids. Where are they? Where they are? The world may never know. Well it's so easy to say that you married a sea captain. Yeah. Because he ain't never going to be around. Yeah, he's gone. He's at sea. He's a sea captain. Where Captain? Where's your husband? The sea captain at sea on a boat bitch. He's in the sea. Yeah. He's not a land captain. Okay. Idiot. So well sure could be true. Maybe. Maybe. She married a sea captain named Captain Webster, who's to say, and had four kids, captain George Glass.


But O'Donnell and many historians suggested it was much more likely that she assumed the name Webster to evade the police in that it was just one of her numerous aliases that she would have during her life because she didn't have many of those fun. So Webster's criminal career appears to have started while she was in her teens. Actually, when she claims to have been married to the sea captain named Webster. Shit, she was arrested for larceny and served a short prison sentence in her teens. Oh wow. Upon her release, she left Ireland and traveled to Liverpool where she just continued a life of crime, particularly robbing lodging houses, which she became really good at. Oh God. It was actually something like if she had a LinkedIn today, she would be like, I'm actually skills robbing lodging houses 18, 15 to present.


Yeah. Killing it. Like she really knew how to rob a lodging house. Wow. And if she had just, that's terrible. But you wish she had just continued in that career faster. Yeah. She was gonna stay in a life of crime. Right. 'cause what she does do is pretty fucking awful. It sounds like it. But as a woman, especially at that time, Kate was far less likely to be suspected or accused of crimes like that. And her remarkable confidence and her practice ability to lie like a liar made it her really good at being a thief. Like she was the best thief. Yikes. In most cases, Kate would just present herself at a boarding house and she would say, hi, I'm interested in a room.


And they'd be like, absolutely. Let me give you a tour. She would be given a tour of the building and then as soon as the landlord torn turned their back, she would steal whatever she could. Fantastico just shove it in all her pet coats and that would be it. She'd just leave. Great. Yeah, she'd, she got her tour and she'd just say, oh, You know what, actually I don't wanna take this room. And then she'd just leave with all the shit. And then they'd have no record of her ever being there. Exactly. 'cause she's just taking the tour diabolical in the event that she couldn't steal anything during the tour. Like if the landlord was like, yeah, keep an eyes on her staring at her like, I'm not turning my back on you. This isn't a visual podcast, but a Elena just like looked up. I stared at you. Yeah. Like, like put her face down and looked up with her eyes.


Yeah. It was very intense. That's what the landlord would do. But if she couldn't do that, she would accept the room for like a day or two and just rob everything in the house and she would rob the other lodgers shit. And then just flee the house with all the shit. I need to know more about Kate's childhood. Yeah. Kate's a lot. I wish I did. Kate is a lot. Yeah. And the scheme worked well for a while, but eventually Kate was arrested again for larceny in 1867 and ended up being sentenced to four years in prison. That's a long time in prison. Yeah. Especially in 18 hundreds. Prison. Yeah.


With the Summer Olympics in full swing, hydration is key for athletes and fans. I needed a liquid IV after I watched Simone Biles do her floor trial because she was just flipping and flopping all over the place. Liquid IV is extraordinary. Hydration for physical endurance, mental clarity, and overall wellbeing. A single stick of Liquid IV delivers better hydration than water alone. With three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink, plus eight vitamins and nutrients. It is so freaking easy to enjoy a liquid iv. First of all, they are delicious. They come in so many yum, yum flavors. There's pear, there's strawberry lemonade. There's also sugar free flavors like white peach. I like the raspberry melon one. That's a new sugar free one that is just delicious. Turn your ordinary water into extraordinary hydration with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Morbid at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code Morbid at liquid iv.com.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen and Wow, did my imagination really do something? When I was listening to this title, my best Friend's Exorcism, it's by Grady Hendrix. And. I was retching after the tapeworm part. If You know You know as an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


So while she was sentenced to four years in prison, it looks like she might've only served a little more than three overcrowding. Yeah, You know. And then when she made her way up to London in ear early 1871, shit didn't really change because years later after she was arrested for the crime she will be arrested for, eh, Kate claimed that upon arriving in London, she had every intention of leaving her criminal ways behind her and making an honest living bet as the kids would say. Indeed. Bet You bet indeed. But she even took up the first of several jobs as a domestic worker to just get on that straight and narrow. Wow. Key. She had hope, but it was during this period of her life that Kate would later claim that things started to go wrong again.


It's crazy how like the world just works against you like that. Yeah. She's like, it wasn't me. It wasn't me. Robing people. Everything just went wrong. According to Kate, she was working for a family in noting hill. And while she was there, she Right. Romantic, she met a man who convinced her and apparently romance, this man convinced her to leave her employers and come work for him. Oh. And she claimed I was induced by him to go live with him at his house. And he seduced me while there And I became in the family way with my little boy. Where is he? Well, he's around. Oh, don't worry about that. But Kate's version of events paints her entirely as a victim of seduction who after becoming pregnant was just thrown out of the house by the boy's father.


Oh, poor Kate. Here's the thing. That could have absolutely happened. Yeah. Probably 100%. There's no reason to believe that that couldn't happen. But it's just that her history as a consummate liar and criminal makes a lot of historians wonder whether it might have been a little more complicated than that perhaps. Yeah. 'cause Kate do be lying. She do be. But whatever the case, Kate did give birth to a baby boy on April 19th, 1874. So she was telling the truth about that. Okay. That's good. And she ended up finding lodging in Kingston where she was once again passing herself off as that wife of that sea captain. I don't know if he exists, our elusive sea captain.


And she was getting by on whatever food and small amounts of money were offered to her by neighbors. Alright. Yeah. So at the same time, Kate was known to have been repeatedly visited by a man with the last name of strong, Ooh. He's strong. And he was among other things, rumored to have been the boy's father. I thought you were gonna say strong. He was rumored to be strong. He was also thought to be possibly Kate's one time partner in crime. Oh. So later in her statement to the police, she claimed her return to crime was just purely out of ne necessity. Like she didn't want to, she alleged quote, I became very impoverished, forsaken by him and committed crimes for the purpose of supporting myself and my child.


Which is sad if that's the case. Absolutely. And you can kind of see like, yeah, I could see how that would be the case. It wasn't Dunno, but I don't know. Oh, okay. Maybe. I'm sure it was part of the case. Yeah. But, but you think she also enjoyed Case? I think she was also just a criminal. Yeah. Sometimes people, criminals come in a criminal. They are. So by this time, the authorities had definitely become aware of what they termed Kate's first long-term swindle. Oh. But unfortunate. And they also found out about her, all of her aliases, which were among others. Web Webster, Gibbs, Gibbons, and Lawler. Damn. She's got a few fu all of 'em. And the details of this long con I, we could not find Dave searched high and low.


We can't find the details. 'cause obviously she wasn't running around telling everybody. And it was wicked long ago. It was wicked. I thought you were gonna say. And it was a wicked long Kong. I mean it was a long Kong. So it was wicked long ago. You're right to say it wasn't wicked. It's true. But also, so the criminal activity did result in whatever she was doing to prepare for this long con, or starting this long con. Yeah. It did result in a third arrest on 36 counts of robbery. So a few, so a wicked long con kid. Yeah. And in May, 1875, she was sentenced to 18 months in prison. Wow. Yeah. For that wicked long con.


That's not a wicked long sentence. Exactly. Now, Kate was released after serving her full sentence of 18 months. But unfortunately it was a short-lived freedom for her. 'cause after just a few months, she was again arrested for robbery and sentenced to 12 months in prison. This time. Oh goody. This time when she was released, she went to live with her son's father who she was then referring to as Mr. Mitchell. So everyone's got aliases. All righty. This was a man who lived in Teddington. So I don't know who Mr. Strong was father, but he wasn't. But he wasn't the boy father was the baby's dad. Or, or not. How she, now this guy is so I know. Okie doke. But in the year that followed, Kate managed to keep her criminal activities, at least to a minimum, Kate.


But this was in part because she started a romantic relationship with another local man. Oh. And it was through this new relationship that this is when Kate met Lucy Loder, who at the time employed the mother of Kate's, then boyfriend, the local man. Okay. So many key players. Exactly. Now when Julia complained that she was unable to find and keep good live and help Lucy said, Kate's great. It was Lucy Loder who said Kate Webster. And she said she had actually come to her attention, Lucy's attention through her own maid, Mrs. Crease. Okay. It was all very Colonel Mustard. Ms. Scarlet, professor Plum up in here. Yeah. But she's getting people to give her like a good Yeah.


A good a reference You know. Yeah, exactly. Apparently she does good work. So there's that. But Kate started her employment with Julia as a quote unquote general domestic worker. Okay. In late January, 1879 until the day she died, Kate said that she had taken the job with Julia as a genuine attempt to make an honest living. She said she had no other, no other motivations. Yeah. But You know she do be lying. Like we said, she, she do be lying. Kate, one thing about Kate is she stays lying. She does stay lying forever and always. She is pathological at this point. But O'Donnell claims that from the very first, Kate seems to have inspired Mrs.


Thomas with fear. Now, although he doesn't offer any examples of this, O'Donnell does heavily imply that Kate's appearance was a little brutish. Okay. Came off real brutish. Okay. I mean, she's, she's lived a thousand lives. She has, she very much has. So, and the way they describe it in the book is her wild Celtic blood and the memory of her free life in Wexford made her no doubt very restless and bitterly resentful. I mean, You know us Celtic women You know the the Wild Celtic blood also, didn't they say that Julia like was pretty easily frightened? Or like, didn't they say she was like easily excitable?


She was, she was easily excitable. Okay. So she was very like, which I think they mean more so. 'cause it was more like a, a compliment when they say that. Oh, it was like a nice thing. I think it was more like you could make her excited very easily. Like you could, you could amp her up about stuff. I, I thought it, I thought it was more like a like, oh, she was, she's easily excitable. Like Oh, like she's easily like You know sent off the edge. Yeah. Yeah. Which I think that could also be true because she was so tough with her employees. Yeah. But all descriptions of Kate, like physical descriptions they were given after her arrest. So like, they're obviously biased by a pretty fucking terrible crime that she committed. But Julia's doctor described Kate as quote an uncommonly tall, powerful and Ill favored woman looking as if she belonged to the Tramp class.


Oh, that's And. I was like, well damn. I mean, ouch. Kate's a piece of shit. So it's like whatever. But like, damn. Yeah. That that's gotta hurt. It's pretty rough. I wouldn't wanna read that about myself. But it is speculated that Julia had taken on Kate with the hope of helping to reform her. Oh. Like she had heard that she had had some troubles. You know. And she's a teacher too. So she's, she's a school teacher. And apparently Julia had done that for others in the past. Aw, that's nice. She'd taken on some people that she, that were having like a little bit of a dark pass. Not crazy dark, but like some troubles. Not Kate dark, not Kate dark, but some troubles. And she thought, You know what, I'll give them something to do. I'll give them a little money and hopefully it'll set 'em on the straight and narrow. Oh. So Julia was just like a good lady.


She sounds like it. And in fact, during the first week or so of the arrangement, Kate did her best to impress Julia. And Julia did the same. Wow. They were both being very kind to each other. And actually Julia in that first week lowered her unreasonable expectations. Yeah. A little bit. And kinda let things slide just to kind of ease Kate into the work. But unfortunately it didn't take long for Kate's true character to reveal itself. And she soon became very lazy. Aw. Very disrespectful. Very aggressive and defiant. Which it's like, dude, which is who she was. She gave you a chance. Yeah. And she's changing her ways of doing things for you. Right. So Kate later told investigators.


At first I thought her a nice old lady, And, I, hope that I might be comfortable and happy with her. But I found her very trying and she used to do many things to annoy me during my work. It's like, is she annoying you? Actively Yeah. Like trying to, or you just easily annoyed because youre an lazy, an asshole. Yeah. But according to Kate, Julia would often check her work after she'd finished cleaning and would point out spots that had not been cleaned correctly. Well bitch, it's my house and that's your job. So I'm like, that is the job man. You know. I know. But Kate said this sort of conduct towards me by Mrs. Thomas made me feel an ill feeling towards her. I, which You know. Which also I'm like, why don't we speak like this anymore?


Like what? And this now would be like, that bitch made me really fucking angry. But like back then it's like this made me have an ill feeling towards her. Yeah. Yeah. It just feels so much more like, but Kate had also begun spending much of her time at a nearby pub. 'cause remember she lives right adjacent to the pub right there. It's called the hole in the Wall. That's fun. Which Julia strongly disapproved of. I'm sure she did. Especially when it's affecting Kate's work. Seemingly. Yeah. Because Kate would come back like drunk and also spend a lot of her time there. Right. She would show up late, she wouldn't show up to things at all. So fuck that. So Kate had made several attempts to straighten out her life in the past, at least like half-hearted attempts.


Yeah. So there's no reason to doubt that she'd at least had like partially intended to maybe live, do an honest day's work here perhaps. But I don't think that was ever the full intention here. Mm. But it's, it's definitely worth considering the fact that Kate definitely saw in Julia Thomas that although she wasn't a wealthy woman, her commitment to the appearance of wealth and status would've been attempting thing for Kate. And she has the jewelry, she has exactly. Things worth stealing in Kate's eyes. And remember, Kate's a lifelong skilled woman now thief. That's what she is. But if she had been planning to steal anything from Julia, it turned out that she wasn't given much of a chance to do so in the beginning.


So at just one month after hiring Kate and bringing her into her home, Julia actually gave her a notice of dismissal. Oh. Oh shit. So she didn't get a lot of time to steal anything because she was all over her. Yeah. And it was really only a month. Yeah. And then Julia was like, you gotta suck at this. So gotta go, gotta go. Now whether or not Julia had actually truly feared Kate, which was what everybody believes, that's just like speculation. But I know. Makes sense. Said she did. How quick she let her go. Yeah. But there is reason to believe that she did, did have some fear of her after she gave her a dismissal notice. 'cause who knows how Kate reacted to the dismissal. Yeah. And she could already see that she was very aggressive and very defiant.


Rather than have Kate leave immediately upon giving notice, which you could have done, Julia actually allowed her to stay for a few more days so she could make arrangements for future accommodations. Oh. Which that was pretty big of Julia. According to several members of Julius church, after she gave Kate the notice of dismissal, she asked several people in the congregation whether they would be willing to stay with her at her home because she was scared. Oh, I know. O'Donnell writes that the way she put it, she was scared of the dark, morose savage IED Kate. Fuck. Yeah. And she was scared that she would exact some kind of revenge. Like she, so for her to think that she must she Kate said some shit.


Yeah. She said some shit. Now, eventually a young woman and her daughter actually agreed to stay with her. And that kind of eased her anxiety a little bit. Oh, that's good. And during this period, it seems that Kate didn't act out in this while they were there. At least not so much that Julia feared her anymore. And the presence of these other people in the house kind of like embolden Julia to continue to criticize Kate. So that didn't help. It's like you already dismissed her. But then she also had a little bit of, of a reason to do it because she had given Kate until February 28th to be outta the house, which was when the other lodgers were planning to leave as well.


They were only staying as long as she was there. So that would've been fine. Like there's other people in the house, right. You're gonna leave, they're gonna leave on the same day, everything will be fine. Yeah. But when the deadline started approaching, Kate had not found housing. She had not found other work. And so she appealed to Julia, can I stay a few days longer? Oh, this would've left Kate and Julia in the house alone together for a number of days. She didn't wanna appear cruel though, or uncharitable. So Julia said Sure. So that Sunday, February 28th, Kate had gotten, this is when she was supposed to be outta the house. Yeah. Kate had gone out, out to town in the morning, but agreed to be back in the afternoon so that Julia could go to church.


Okay. 'cause she was obviously using something that Julia needed to go to church. Yeah. In the previous weeks before this, Kate had used this free time to visit her son, who she had actually left in the care of Mrs. Crease. That other, I was wonder other Ma I was wonder where the kid was. Yeah. Lucy, DER's maid. Mrs. Crease. Yes. That's who she left her with. But on this particular day, instead of going to visit her son, she went to the hole in the wall and she ended up returning home late. She was there drinking a lot, according to Kate, when she got home late and was clearly drunk, Julia quote became very agitated and left the house to go to church in that state. Members of her church congregation did later confirm that Julia appeared very angry that day.


I mean, and had mentioned that she was late to the service because of Kate. Now Kate told several different versions of what happened next that afternoon. So it's difficult to know exactly which one is accurate, but we can figure out pretty much how it went down. The evidence and testimony support this version of events. Okay. When the service ended, Julia returned home in much the same agitated state than when she left and she went upstairs. I like, just get outta my house. She's like, get the fuck out, I'm done with you. Yeah. Like, please leave. You're annoying when you want someone to leave your house. Yes. You just want them to leave. And especially when it's someone that you have to be scared of and like tiptoeing around. Right. So she went upstairs. Kate followed her upstairs. Oh, nice. And the two women began arguing.


And at this point she, Julia demanded, you have to leave the fucking house. You have get out. It's time to go. Yeah. Like, I'm not living like this anymore. So Julia's just like, get outta my house. Now Julia at this time, I think is in her early fifties. Oh, okay. Just so you're aware of like You know, obviously we're in the 18 hundreds, early fifties looks a little different in the 18 hundreds. Yeah. It's much older. What it does now. Right. So she was like, you need to, Julia was like, you need to get the hell out of the house. Yeah. I'm done with this. Like, I've had enough. You've overstayed your welcome. And she's, so basically what, what Kate saw it as is you're rescinding your offer for me to stay longer. Okay. Like, how dare you. And it's like, well, you're an asshole. So, well it's like she gave that to you kind of out of like, she kind of felt like obligation, pressured to do it.


Right. Yeah. And in response, Kate became very angry to this and became physically aggressive. Oh my God. And pushed Julia and ended up pushing her down the stairs. Oh shit. And Kate told investigators she had a heavy fall. I felt that she was seriously injured. And I became agitated at what had occurred, lost all control of myself, and to prevent her screaming and getting me in trouble. I caught her by the throat. And in the struggle, she was choked. And. I threw her on the floor. I love how she says she was choked. It's like, yeah, no, what you meant to say was I choked her. It's like you are removing yourself from that like the act of participation role and like Yeah, she was choke, choked off by what bitch?


And it's like this lady fell down that you threw her down the stairs, she got hurt and then you were like, oh, I better kill her. What the fuck? Fuck. So I don't get in trouble. What do you mean you better kill her? Like why don't you just leave? Yeah. Dip. Whatcha doing? Skip town. Whatcha doing? Killing her. And like I threw her on the floor. Like, Jesus, it's horrible. And remember Kate's a big lady. Yeah. Right? And Julia's not. Yeah. So she's using her like brute strength, right. To throw her on the floor and to choke her manually. And she's much older like she's not. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. She's not able to really put up a fair fight.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Comparison. You guys is the thief of joy and it's really easy to envy other people's lives. Especially when we are living in the day and age of social media. It might look like people have it all together on their own Instagram, but in reality they probably don't. Their life is just as messy as the next. Guys. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life, whatever that means for you. Because guess what? Best life is a different definition for every single person. And you're gonna learn that when you sign up for therapy. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Personally, I'm obsessed with therapy. I go once a week and it makes me a better girl. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Morbid.


Imagine a burglary at your home. If you're picturing a shady character sneaking about under the cloak of night. You might be surprised to learn that according to the FBI most break-ins happen during broad daylight and spike during the summer months when homes sit unattended and the days grow longer. That's why you need SimpliSafe Home Security now. SimpliSafe is the only security company that I trust with my home and my family's protection, offering me peace of mind whether I'm home or away. I feel specifically grateful for my SimpliSafe system during the summer when I'm traveling a little bit more. Because having that app on my phone and just being able to check in on my home no matter where I am in the world, makes me feel a lot better. With fast protect monitoring and lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders to stop them in their tracks. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Morbid. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


Now, later when she was later questioned Julia's landlord, Mrs. Ives reported hearing a noise like the fall of a heavy chair around the time the murder was believed to have been committed. But otherwise no one heard anything else. Oh wow. Now shocked by what she had just done because holy shit, Kate moved quickly because she was like, I have to dispose of the body and clean up this mess. Because she had not only choked her out, but she had thrown her down the stairs and there was blood like she had hurt herself. Holy shit. And she said, I became entirely lost and without any control over myself and looking on what had happened and the fear of being discovered, I determined to do away with the body as best as I could.


That's not out of control. No, that's not outta control at all. That's perfectly in control. Yeah. You made very rational decisions for what you thought you were doing. So she, it gets worse. She dragged Julia's body into the kitchen and using a razor and a kitchen knife. She quote, stripped it, cut it up and threw it into a copper pot. Oh, yep. Okay. She had already started boiling water that day for the washing and so she just threw all the pieces into the boiling water. But I don't know if anybody's following, but that boiling flesh that's gonna Gonna smell. Smell.


Yeah. Really bad. Unable. Unable to tolerate the smell of the boiling body parts. Kate then just left the house and went back to the hole in the wall pub. Oh. Where she spent several hours drinking, chatting with people, hanging out, just hanging out. Well, Julia's dismembered body is back at the house and is boiling in a pot also. Like how big is this pot? Yeah. Well she didn't put all of her. She put most of her in there. You'll find out what happens to the rest of her. Oh. So she went to the hole wall, drank You know had fun. Went back that night to clean up the rest of the blood because my goodness, was that place covered in blood?


Strange. How is she not covered in blood? Oh, well that's the other thing. She started wearing Julius clothing. I was gonna, she would've had to have changed. Yeah. She started wearing her clothing and Mrs. Ives, the landlord and landlord. The landlord that I thought you're gonna say the landlord. I would. That's a better like title. The landlord. Hello. I'm the landlord. It's like when people say Lordy Lordie, lordy landlord, Lordie the landlord Lordie. But Mrs. Ives, the landlady and other neighbors around did corroborate this whole thing because they said the neighborhood began to fucking re Well that's the thing.


It's not like just the houses gonna smell. This is a, this is some old time. You should, this is in the 18 hundreds. We don't really have like good air quality anyways. And this is a middle class neighborhood where everything is really close together too. And nobody, and they don't have these like You know weather tested window panes and shit that's gonna like keep anything in. It's like everything's just seeping out into everywhere. Oh. And so the whole neighborhood smelling Julia boiling in a pot. Now during the coroner's inquest, several weeks later there were also claims made that Kate had quote fed the fat dripping to local children to eat and called it pig's lard. Is that for real? It's in the inquest.


No. Yes. No. Yeah. Kate's fucked. Yeah. Kate's fucked. Kate's fucked. Ew. Now, when she returned to the house a few hours later, Kate put the remaining body parts in a box, but Julia's head and one of her feet wouldn't fit in the box. So she buried the head in a nearby empty lot. Oh. And then threw the foot into a garbage pile. Fantastic. Yeah. A few days later after weighing the box down with some stones, she threw Julia's remains into the Thames. Oh. Then returned to the house and was pretty confident like I think I just committed the perfect crime I know about sister this.


She was so confident she walked back to that house and was like, well I'm just gonna live here for a while. I'm just gonna use her shit. Nobody's gonna ask where Julia is. No, I work here. It's like everyone knows she doesn't like you. No. But as previously stated, Julia was a widow and had no children. So her immediate absence wouldn't have been like so noticed. But also remember our girls, Julia liked to take off and not tell anyone on travel. That part. Yeah. She loved last minute travel. She wouldn't tell her closest contacts sometimes. Yep. So neighbors and friends had become kind of accustomed to her just disappearing for periods of time. Oh shit. Really a warning. Dammit. So it really worked in Kate's favor. It gave her ample time to clean that crime scene without feeling even the slightest impetus to flee.


She was like, You know what? No, I work here. As far as anybody's concerned, me being in this house is totally fine. And if anyone asks, I just say, Julia's on vacation again. And. I'm keeping the house. Even where people like Julia had told people she was afraid of Kate. Yeah. She could just be like, oh well I You know. Like we came to an agreement. We worked it out. We worked it out. Oh shit. After disposing of Julia's remains in the Thames, Kate returned to the house and started cleaning. Just to give the general appeal appearance of normalcy. She didn't wanna arouse any suspicions after all. And by dumping the remains in the river, Kate believed she had gotten rid of any evidence that could prove a murder had even occurred. God, she was like that. Those are never gonna come back up. The river will will eat them.


Yeah. That's how water works. And they will never be seen again. Totally. Except one day, later on March 5th, a coal porter traveling along the road adjacent to the river, just saw a box and it had resurfaced about five miles away from where she had dumped this box. That's the other thing, girlfriend. Like I'm not saying do better 'cause don't don't. But like you threw it in a box. Yeah. Sometimes boxes float. Yeah. Well she weighted it down. Oh she did? Okay. But she didn't think it was gonna be weighted down, but like still shit happens. It's a river. Yeah. Rivers flow. They do, things happen. They're known to. Yeah. Gently down the stream. In fact. Well and this guy saw this box and this was Julia's box. This wasn't some cardboard box that you just find.


This was Julia's like it was a fancier box. Almost like a trunk. Yeah. Like some kind of nice box essentially. Okay. So this guy saw this and he thought it might contain something valuable because it was a nice looking box. Oh my God. So he fished it out of the river and opened it to find several body parts wrapped in brown paper. Not what he was looking for. So he was like, wow, this isn't what I wanted. So he reported the discovery to the police and an investigation was mount mounted to just figure out who this was. Yeah. According to the doctor who conducted the examination of the remains quote, the mutilization of the corpse had mu utilization. Why do I keep adding ization onto things lately?


Not, that's not the word. No it's not. But You know what I know that You know that. We all know that. Do I know that? 'cause it didn't even hit me. My brain knows that. Yeah. I know. I do know that too. But it's And. I it. You reading it. Believable utilization. What was the last thing I said? Oh, I forget. There was another thing where I adda on. You did. You absolutely did. What's going on? I don't remember. Maybe you're, I need a speech pathologist. You're in a place of Z that that You know I'm, I'm listening. Listening with my ears. Speech pathology. Here I come. No, sometimes when you're reading fast and it's hard to, yeah. And sometimes you just wanna make a fancy like mu utilization. Sometimes you have a soul and you just go into a completely different accent. Go. So don't worry about it. There you go. Don't worry about it. Perhaps we can go to the speech pathologist together.


There you go. I like it. Pretend two. A two for one. Yeah. Let's see if they got any. A bo. A bo. Are you guys any BOGO sales? They're like this is a real establishment. Please leave. Like ma'am this is a Wendy. They're like, oh shit, I'll take a spicy chicken nugget. You F shit. I'll take a spicy chicken nugget. Oh man, that's good. So that's good shit. That's good shit. So what the doctor did say was not mutilization. 'cause he was a doctor and he was smart. So he said the mutilation.


Oh yes. Not because that is the word of the corpse had certainly been done in an unskilled manner. You could say that. Yeah. Leading investigators to theorize that the client, the crime had been committed by someone who had no experience in killing or dismemberment. Damn. Which to go that far that would have never killed before. Is wild. Like that's your first foray. Yeah. That's a lot. That's something now other than the human remains inside, there was really nothing unique about the box. It was, it was a nice box, but that's really it. And there was really no clues to where it came from. Just popped out of the river. So that left Scotland Yard investigators with very little to work with.


Because of this. The press began referring to the case initially as The Barnes mystery. Which that was the area where the box was discovered and that's why they named it that. Okay. A few days later, the mystery deepened though when a severed foot was found, quote buried in a dung heap in in Twickingham. Oh that's so awful. And. I looked it up. Twickenham. 'cause I was like, is it Twickenham? I don't wanna be that person. Is it T tokenization? T tokenization. Maybe town. But the doctor examined the foot and concluded it was the missing limb from the body parts found in the Thames. Oh wow. Still missing a head though. Oh, on March 16th the coroner's inquest was carried out to determine the cause of death.


But with little information and no clues, it was kind of impossible to come out with any final conclusions. In his testimony, the examining Dr. Dr. Adams gave the dimensions of the dismembered body parts. And I'm not sure if he was okay to be quite honest, because he incorrectly identified the victim as a woman of between 18 and 30. Huh. And she may have born children Incorrect. Incorrect on both fronts. All incorrect. Like are you okay sir? I think he probably just thought there was a strong chance that You know. He's like, she's a woman. She's definitely a woman. She probably had kids Had to have had kids. The 18 hundreds. She probably did. And it's like most people that die are 18 to 30 when they murdered.


Well you 50 50 shot, you got wrong. I know girl friends. But after being assured by Scotland Yard detectives that without any additional information, it was unlikely the victim would be identified. The inquest was unfortunately closed in late March. Yeah. Because they were like, we don't really know how we're gonna do anything with this. Yeah. Because remember it's the 18 hundreds, they're like, whoops. I guess that's it. Oopsie like that sucks. But I guess We have nothing else. So as The Barnes mystery unfolded several miles away, Kate Webster just kept living in Julia's house. Like I said, wearing her clothes, going about her usual business and continuing to give the impression that everything was fine. That's so fucked that she just wearing her clothes.


Yeah. That part I hate a lot. Yeah. Now during this period, she claims she got the idea to sell off Julius Furniture and other valuables as a means of funding her escape. See that's, that's what makes me think. Yeah. Yeah. She says it was suggested in my mind to sell all there was in the house and go away the way they lady said, she bitch talks like she's not even there. She's not even part of this whole thing. She was choked. It was suggested in my mind. Yeah. Who said it? Something rude. I'm to somebody I'm be like, oh my God. I'm sorry. My mind just suggested that I say that to you. Yeah. Like that was just suggested in my mind. That's all I, I apologize. No, I have to take the suggestions not on me and they have to come out my mouth, but like I don't necessarily create them.


Do you think she's talking like that because she was trying to sound like perhaps insane Or do you think she's just an asshole? I think she's just an asshole to be quite honest. I'm also in a big place of, perhaps today, I don't know if you've noticed, perhaps. Perhaps she's just an asshole. Perhaps I perhaps, but to do all this 'cause now she's gotta sell all the furniture. Kate contacted an associate she had committed robbery with in the past. Hey, old habits die Hard and You know. And they made the two made arrangements with a local salesman named John Church. And John Church was going to buy Julia's furniture and other belongings for sale. Great. The thing was, John Church was told that Kate was Julia and that she was selling her stuff because she was moving. That's spooky.


Yeah. Great podcast. That that is. That is a great podcast. Now at the same time, she continued ordering items to be delivered to the house on Julia's tab to, to try to keep it going right. Like shit, to sell alive. She's shopping, keep it going, that she's alive like the whole thing. Now, on March 18th, church arrived at Julia's house with his horse and cart to remove the furniture. While Julia's absence hadn't been entirely out of the ordinary as far as the neighbors were concerned, seeing a stranger removing her furniture from the house when she wasn't there, that'll do it. That was a little weird to them. Now, somewhat suspicious. Mrs. Ives, our landlord there, landlord Ian.


She confronted John Church who explained to that Mrs. Thomas. Mrs. Julius Thomas. Julia Thomas had sold him the items. But when he described Thomas for Mrs. Ives a little bit different, he was describing Kate Webster. So realizing she had been, found out Kate just took the fuck off. She just fled the house and went immediately to the train station. Oh shit. Where she caught a train to Liverpool, just jumped a train motherfucker. Julia's disappearance though was quickly reported to police now by the neighbors, as was the suspicion that Kate had something to do with her absence since she just up and vanished and she was like posing as her to sell her shit. An investigator soon connected the remains discovered in the Thames with the disappearance of Julia Thomas.


The big break came when detectives managed to track down a local boy who claimed that a woman matching Kate's description had asked him for help carrying a box to the river. She asked a little boy to help her carry that shit to the river. Yep. Wow. Which they concluded were was now the remains of Julia Thomas. That's fucked. During a search of Julia's home, investigators discovered the copper Pot at the back of the house that was quote, covered with fat with the, and the coroner later explained that the reasons the remains had PR been preserved with quote a parchment like appearance was because of that, like rendered fat. Yeah. They also discovered blood stains and other evidence all over the house that strongly suggested that a, a violent murder had occurred.


So she wasn't good at cleaning. She was not.


We are so excited to be partnering with Embark the provider of the most accurate dog, DNA test on the market and the absolute best gift to get the dog lover in your life right up top We. have to thank embark vet.com for supporting our little show Morbid. Go to embark vet.com to get free shipping and save $50 on the Breed Plus health test with promo code Morbid. Now, when we got Sidney and Blanche, I had some questions because we had just lost our beloved Bailey You know only about a year earlier and we just wanted to know a little bit more ahead of time. When we looked at Sidney and Blanche's health results, there was nothing that like rang out that We have to worry about. There were certain things with the breed that they were like, You know, always keep an eye on this. We found out they are indeed Labrador Retrievers. We were not surprised by that. Well, I guess we should say we were. We were wondering a little bit what Blanche was because Blanche is a little kooky. She's a little out there. She looks a little crazy sometimes. So we were wondering if Blanche was maybe part llama that that was always our question. Turns out she's not. I would definitely recommend Embark dog DNA test to any pup parent. Get the dog DNA test that is trusted by millions. Right now. Embark has a limited time offer on their breed and health test. For our listeners, go to embark vet.com to get free shipping and save $50 with promo code Morbid. Visit embark vet.com and use promo code Morbid to save $50. Today, Sydney and Blanche highly recommend it.


Scotland Yard detectives couldn't yet prove that Julia had been murdered by Kate, but there was enough evidence to arrest Kate for robbery at least. Mm. And a warrant was put out for her arrest. Though her whereabouts at this time, no one knew. Right now, under normal circumstances, 19th century detectives would've had a very difficult time tracking a criminal who'd fled the city, particularly one who had a significant head start. 'cause again, it's the 18 hundreds. Yeah, this isn't easy. They're not, they're not just like, oh, follow their cell phone signal. Like it's literally like they're gone. Like we don't know where they went. Right. But she had a significant criminal history. Kate was very known to authorities in various places around England and Ireland.


And so a constable in Wexford recognized her from a previous arrest and contacted Scotland Yard. It's like, Hey, I know that asshole I know that bitch. And the Wexford Constable gave detectives from London the address of Kate's relatives in the area. And on March 29th, she was arrested at her uncle's home and kill Ann and transported right on back to London. See ya now. On Monday morning, March 31st, Kate was brought before the magistrate's in Richmond where she was charged with The Murder of Julia, Martha Thomas, as well as larceny for the theft and attempted sale of Thomas's property. Now, at the time, John Church was also charged with being a conspirator in the crime.


Oh. And for receiving stolen property, those charges would be eventually completely dropped. That's good. Because it was determined he had absolutely nothing to do with this. Yeah. I mean, she was posing as Julia at first though. Kate tried to pit in the blame of the murder on John Church. Yeah. That's not shocking. No, not at all. She said, I first got acquainted with him when I was living two or three doors down from him. She said he used to take me out to London and to various public houses. I met him again some months ago and he came to my Mitre house one night, the worst for drink Drunk. So he came drunk and according to Kate, it was church who suggested they murder Julia for profit from selling her shit.


Meanwhile, he's like, no, no, no. I thought that was Julia. Like, I don't know her. And he's like, I'm a furniture buyer. Like why would I sell I to me? Would I sell it to like I'm a furniture buyer? Like what the fuck? That doesn't make any sense. And she quoted church as allegedly saying we could have her things and go off to America together and enjoy it. Wow. She really thought me, me thinks you had a crush on John Church in your mad, you wanna create this like fantasy of him being like, well run off to America together. And John Church is like, help. I don't even, hello? I thought she was Julia. Like what the fuck? And Kate went on to claim that church murdered Julia Thomas himself. Oh my God. And threatened to kill her as well if she spoke a word of the crime to anyone.


And You know didn't pretend to be Julia. Exactly. Now, in statements to both the police and the press, John Church denied literally anything word for word. He's like, I only recently met Kate Webster. And I thought she was Julia Thomas like that. I don't know her. We didn't hang out. I didn't wanna run off to America with her. I don't even know her real name. Right. Like according to John Church, the woman he now knew to be Kate Webster had been introduced to him only a couple of weeks earlier by a mutual acquaintance. And she claimed to have, what she had said to him was that she had lost her husband a few years earlier. So she was, she captain, literally cosplaying Julia Thomas saying, I'm a widow.


Oh fuck. And okay, okay. And she was attempting to rent rooms in her home as a mean of means of income, which is literally what Julia Thomas was doing. This is psychotic. But she said she had been unsuccessful at keeping people like lodgers. So she needed to sell her furniture. Okay. That's what she was telling him. And the two had made an arrangement and the next time he saw her was just to pay for the goods. And then he said, and then I attempted to pick up the items, but then I was stopped by Mrs. Ives. Right. And what the fuck is going on here? He's like, what is happening? And he said, only just think of the impedance and audacity of the woman to come here dressed up in her silk dresses, representing herself to be a lady in the mistress of the house and swindle me in this way and bring all the trouble on me.


He's like, that translates roughly into fuck this, to like, what is this fuck shit? Like what? Like what is this that translates into this bitch? This bitch. That's what that translates into in 2024. But within a few days of the arrest, Kate had implicated yet another suspected conspirator named Henry Porter who had introduced her to church for the sale of the furniture. According to Kate. Porter had also been in on the scheme and had even used his young son, Robert, to help Kate dispose of the remains and the Thames. And Kate said, church and Porter were with me at the time. I intended tell the whole truth as I do not see why I should be blamed for what church has done.


Bitch. And remember, she's a fucking liar. Yeah. She lies about everything. She's got big old issues. But fortunately for church, several people testified as to having seen him at the bar, the rising sun on the night of the murder. And similarly, it's poetic. In her deposition, Porter's wife Henry Porter's wife, gave a detailed explanation of how the family had come to know Kate and insisted that while her husband may have introduced Kate to John Church for the sale of the furniture, he had no idea that the items were stolen or that Julia had been murdered. Yeah. No, they thought, thought she was on vacation. Right. After several continuances in pretrial hearings, Kate finally went to trial at the old Bailey.


We've heard of that before. Yep. On July 2nd, 1879. Due to the extensive coverage of the case leading up to this trial and just the sensational details of the case, the courtroom was well attended by Curious Onlookers. There were additional people outside the courthouse wanting to know what was going on. And at the time, Kate pleaded not guilty and continued to say that the murder had been committed by others. Wow. And in support of their argument, Kate's lawyer, Werner Slay, pointed out that which we're a sleigh. You know. It reminds me of a legally blonde burner. Yes. What? Like it's hard. Like it's hard. He pointed out that the crown had no physical evidence connecting Kate to the murder.


And whatever evidence they did have was entirely circumstantial. In fact, slay argued, there was no real evidence supporting the theory that Julia Thomas had died by violence except for the fact that she was dismembered and her body was boiled like, my God, are you serious? It's natural causes. Are you real? Are you real? What is your definition of natural causes? Natural causes? She just flew apart into a boiling pot of water and the flipped into a copper pot. It's crazy. And then somehow are you somehow ended up in a river? Who are you, sir? Word or slay? Yikes. He did not get a law degree from Harvard. And then he said, and actually there's no conclusive evidence that say there remains in the box, belonged to Julie at all. And it's like, except that the coroner said they did.


But okay. Also slay added that even if a murder had occurred, and that's a big if on his part, what's all that blood baby? Who could ever believe that a young woman and the mother of a child could have committed such an heinous act? So he's standing in front of this courtroom being like, yeah, I know. I know that We have all this evidence. Circumstantial or or whatever. But she is a woman. A woman. She's a mother. A mother. She couldn't have done this. No case closed. Who's Get it outta here. Yikes. And the prosecution on the other hand, strongly rejected Kate's claims of innocence, incited her very lengthy criminal rep past and reputation for just general unpleasantness.


They were like, actually she quite sucks. Yeah. They were like, she's kind of a dick. More importantly, the crown had evidence on their side. They were like, regardless of what you're saying, there is evidence in one witness after another. The prosecutor, Harry Poland, put the pieces of the complicated story back together for the jury. A 13-year-old girl who was a neighbor of Julia positively identified that special box in which the remains had been found as one she had seen many times in Thomas's house a year earlier, essentially putting to rest any questions as to whether these remains were actually Julia's. And also the coroner in examining doctor testified that although they couldn't be certain without the head, the remains matched those of the woman, the age and size of Julia Thomas.


So there it is. So they got a different doctor in to be like, actually no, actually now, although the prosecution's case was kind of complicated in their closing remarks, Poland and the prosecution team laid out it the case pretty simply. After receiving a notice of termination, Kate Webster had become pissed and murdered her employer, Julia Thomas. There it is. She told her to leave. The testimony of several witnesses indicated that Kate had been seen disposing of the remains in the Thames. And that following the murder she was known to have sold Thomas's belongings and wear her fucking clothes. It was true, Poland acknowledged that the evidence was largely circumstantial, but common sense dictated that if Kate had gone so far as to dispose of the body and get rid of all the evidence of the crime, she was likely the one to have committed the crime one could say.


And Poland reminded the jury, neither Porter nor church were chur traced in any connection with Mrs. Thomas's house till after the murder. The accused woman was undoubtedly there as a domestic servant. So, so after seven days of trial, the jury found Kate Webster guilty of the willful murder of Julia Thomas. After the verdict was read, the magistrate asked Kate whether there was any reason that a sentence of death should not be handed down to her. And Kate insisted, I am not guilty, my Lord of the murder. I've never done it. And as I was taken into custody, I was in a hurry. I made a statement against church and Porter. I am very sorry for doing so, but I was told to do so.


They are quite innocent of anything of the sort. And I want them to be clear of it. So now she's completely retracting all of her accusations against 'em. But it's also saying it still didn't do it. Yeah. And she was told to say that I'm like, by the police by Exactly. It's like, was it another mind suggestion? It was. I was gonna say it was suggested in her mind. In her final statement, Kate pretty much undermined her entire defense. Great. By clearing church and porter of anything. And instead she insisted the real killer now was the father of her unborn child. She was ps She said, yes, I'm pregnant. And they were like, wow, you didn't bring that up until right now.


And she, they were like, what's his name? And she was like, I will not tell you that. And they were like, you don't wanna give us the name of you just wanna go to jail instead. Like you don't, you don't wanna tell us who actually killed this lady. And she said, Nope. And the magistrate, no, he had been very patient by this point. He clearly didn't believe anything, all of this. So he said, after so many false statements, which you have made, it must not be assumed as a matter of mere course that you are telling the truth now. And with the trial over the magistrate made it clear that his only course of action was to pass sentence. And would that he sentence Kate to be hanged. Bye girl. Now it was later determined that Kate was not pregnant. Yeah. I had a feeling You know she was not pregnant during any of this trial. She was probably just like last straw.


Straw, straw. She was trying to get outta it. Yeah. And her appeal, which she filed several weeks later, was immediately rejected. Oh good. On July 28th, the night before she was executed, Kate recanted all her previous statements and made a full confession to the murder she wrote. We had an argument which ripened into a quarrel. And in the height of my anger and rage, I threw her from the top of the stairs to the ground floor. In her confession, she insisted that she had intended for her job with Julia Thomas to be a new start for her and her son. And that she never intended to kill or rob the woman. She said, I did not murder Mrs. Thomas from any premeditation. I was enraged. And in a passion, And I cannot now rec recollect why I did it.


Something did seize me at the time. So she's saying your own anger. I lost my shit. Yeah. And. I murdered this woman not only threw her down the stairs and choked the life out of her, but then Tod down the stairs after her and choked the life out of her. Yep. And threw her onto the ground and then dismembered her a bit. Used a razor in a kitchen knife to That's insane. Dismember her. Boil her remains in a pot, bury her head in an empty lot, throw her foot into a trash pile, and then throw the rest in the Thames. And then wear her fucking clothing and pretend to be her and give the shit the fact to local children.


And she's like, but I didn't like plan it. Everybody girly paw. I did intend to just work. And it's like, that's so nice that you intended to work. It seems as though it didn't work out that way. That's really nice. But like you did some shit oy to the they girl. In her final statement, Kate said, I am perfectly resigned to my fate and am full of confidence in a happy eternity. If I had a choice, I would almost sooner die than return to a life full of misery, deception, and wickedness. And with her confession made and her conscience allegedly cleared, Kate. Webster was executed the following morning in the yard at Wandsworth prison and buried in an unmarked grave. And the crowd assembled outside the prison cheered.


Hey, now you made me wondering what happened to Julia's head. Did they find it? Where is it? I forgot. Haven't found it yet. Well, throughout the investigation and trial investigators were continually vexed by that point. They could not find her head. Kate had claimed she buried it in a vacant lot, but they were never able to find it. And they said they believed it was just irretrievably lost. They couldn't like where it's not where she says it is. I don't know where it is. And then one day in 2010, a skull was discovered by some workers. Are you ready? In the garden of BBC broadcaster and famous David Attenborough.


What? In the garden of David Attenborough. They found a skull. They sent it for forensic testing. That skull was identified as the 100 and 30-year-old skull of Julia Martha Thomas. What that skull fuck was the final missing piece of the mystery. And with its discovery, it is 100% sure that Kate Webster did this. 'cause she pointed them to where that is. They just couldn't find it. What the fuck? In David Attenborough's fucking garden, they found Julia Martha Thomas's skull.


That's wild. He's the guy that does all those nature videos. And like under the sea thing, he has the voice of an angel. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. That David Attenborough, that one. That one. I'll never listen to one of those the same way. 2010 they found the final. Was he why? Just, and this is why I am telling you there is always hope to close a fucking case. Totally. 130 years later. Always. Holy shit. There's never a time where you can say, we will never find out. That's why I hold out hope for Jack the Ripper shit. 'cause I'm telling you, that's wild. There's always something. There's always a chance. I did not see it going that way. No.


So it closed it right out too. It put a nice pin in it that it said Kate Webster did this. Absolutely caused it too. What she said was true. It happened. And that John Church and the other guy and the other guy there, Porter, were not, we're not any part of this. Wow. Yeah. I'm shook. Isn't that crazy? That was a wild fucking case. Yeah. It's gnarly. So that is what is called The. Richmond murder. The Murder of Julia. Martha. Thomas. That's so sad. She sounded like a really cool lady. Yeah. She didn't deserve what she got. Kate sounded like a fucking trip. Kate is a trip and not an enjoyable one. No, not at all.


And she really fucked herself at that point. Very much so. You could add a nice cushy job here. Yeah. And it's so creepy that she just kept wearing her shit. Like what? Selling her stuff and taking and like ordering things on her tab. Yeah. What? Like what the fuck? It's a crow. And then she's like, I didn't plan it. It's like, okay. But you did some terrible shit afterwards, dude. Yeah. Like just 'cause you didn't plan it. Do your job. And if you throw somebody down the stairs, you gotta call someone. Don't Yeah, don't, don't throw people down the stairs. Don't, don't. Obviously. Yeah. So that's, that's that. Well, we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you kill your employer and chop her up into little pieces and then boil her on the stove and feed the fat to local children.


Don't do that. Yuck.


Okay. Are you all right? Today? The fuck you're in San, you're insane Woman.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


When you're committed to raising the standard, you're bound to ruffle some feathers at Happy Egg. We like to say we farm differently, but in reality we produce eggs the way people used to by partnering with local small family farmers who raise our happy hens on eight or more acres. Because in our opinion, farming shouldn't be complicated. It should be happy. Choose happy with Happy Egg. Visit happy egg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg.