
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey. everyone I have to tell you about this. all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava. Hands down. The best thing I've found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water. And it comes in five delicious flavors. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut acai. Coconut acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Cava in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours. And two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's KACH A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I just got to the end of my Best Friend's Exorcism, which is the title we're going to be discussing on the Weirdos Audio Book Club. By the way, that's gonna be on August 30th, just so you know. And oh my God, my heart strings have been pulled. The end of that title. Oh, you guys gotta listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena And. this Is. Morbid This. Mama. What's up, fuckers. What's up fuckers. What the fuck is up Kyle? Oh man, we got crumble cookie today. And it Didn't Slap. It didn't, they couldn't do it same day. Usually they do it same day, which, Which I know sounds like an insane problem to have. Yeah, it absolutely is.


It upset us a little bit. Bit I know what's on then wasn very upsetting. What's going on? Also, it just wasn't as good today. then wasn like a little a Crumble is usually where it, where it's at. Yeah. Like love it. Yeah. And I can't speak to that 'cause I haven't had a piece yet. You'll Probably love it. So it didn't slap for Ash. Maybe it'll slap for me. It Just didn't. Wow. Sorry. Sorry, not sorry. No, it did slap. I got Panera today. Oh my God. And the chicken and wild rice soup will just, it will just erase any problem in your life. It's so good. All of 'em. It'll clear your skin, it'll pay your bills. I don't know. It'll fix your broken relationships.


Alright, all of that. Maybe no Ash claimed that maybe. So mode it BI Mean, so mode it. So we're, you know, we're, we're doing a lot of adas today. Oh my God. I know This is, but you know what, the energy is here because we're excited to talk to you guys. 'cause we're always excited. What are you looking at That plane? It sounded like then wasn gonna fall into our house. I, I did not feel that, but I recognize that you did. I felt that way then. wasn crazy. You crazy. You're crazy. Yeah. So I don't think we have a lot of business. No, we did the business in the last one.


Yeah. We don't have a lot of business today except for the crumble cookie of it all. And that's business. But today I'm gonna be telling you a story that is a, a wee bit upsetting. I bet. Which is Pretty, pretty normal. Normal. Or the kids say Bet. Bet. There you go. They should just say, I bet They should just say words like full sentences. Yeah. Like I bet that's a full sentence. I bet you are correct. Or Just I bet. So we're gonna be talking about The Gaffney Strangler. Oh. With Leroy Martin. I don't know if I've heard of this. I actually had not heard of this before. Whoa. Two back to back cases.


Yes. You haven't heard about everybody Watch out. Hell hath frozen over It. I know until I, I, I happened to come across it somehow and threw it over to Dave and once I was reading it with him, he, it's insane. Like insane. It's just a very, like I said, it's just a very upsetting case and it's one that I'm like, why the fuck didn't I know about this? Like, it's crazy. So this takes place in the sixties. Oh, okay. So not like super old time. Old timey, but not, not not super old timey. You know, like not me. Old timey. No. You know what's crazy? That's like pretty close to a hundred years ago though. What the fuck? If you really think about it, like 2060 is not that far away.


That took me a second to understand. I think we're closer to 2060 than we are to 1960. Yeah. Probably Don don't know math. When You said, I thought you were saying at first that that's like a hundred years ago and I was like, No. It's like close to in My head, I was that lady with all the math equations going on. No, but it's like not that far ago. Do the math real quick on your, on your tip. Tappy Ator. I'm doing it. I'm Doing it. I'm doing it. There's so many people listening Right now It's 64 years ago. So it we're closer to that being a hundred years than not. There you Go. Like we're, when you round, when you do the rounding, listen. Yeah, I feel you just we're closer. It's a hundred years ago to a hundred years ago.


Yeah, but Not so a hundred years ago on May 20th, 1967. It's late sixties. Oh honey. So we're actually less, even more, less. Even closer to a hundred years I think is what I gonna trying to say. No, It's further from a hundred years. 'cause it's later in the sixties. Oh Yeah. That's what I know. Exactly. Fuck. It's been a long day. People Listening are like, you guys gotta go Pick about, yeah. That's 57 years ago. People weren't in the sixties. Are like, can you just shut up and tell us a fucking case? Honestly, I'm not a hundred. I'd like to say that I questioned it from the The gate. They're like, tell us the case before I turn a hundred. So On May 20th, 1967, Roger and Annie Mond, a young couple from Forest City, North Carolina, you know, they were hanging out.


They spent the night out drinking in Gaffney, South, Carolina. Good for them. Mm. But later that night, after Roger had become more than a little bit drunk, I would say Annie convinced her husband then wasn, time to go head home. They had a newborn son. Roger Junior, let's get home. Take an Uber. Yeah. They didn't 57 years ago. Oh No. Yeah. As Annie drove down the back road. So she was driving, she drove down the back roads of Gaffney. They did see a red top cab come into view behind them on the road. It's unlikely that they really even registered this cab. Who knows if they even did. But witnesses would later tell investigators that Roger and Annie had been fighting at the bar.


And that an argument that started at the bar extended into the car as they drove home. Oh. So the car was seen swerving from one lane to the other at times because the intensity of their argument was happening. Who knows what was going going On And the drinking. Yeah. So finally fed up with the argument, probably with her husband at that point, Annie pulled the car off to the side of the road and got out and was like, you know what, you go to sleep in the car. See you later. Like, oh, she just didn't want anything to do with it. So she started walking in the direction of home and Roger passed out in the car. Oh God. Now Annie didn't make it very far before that Red top cab pulled up beside her and the driver asked if she needed a ride home, which she happily accepted.


Oh. The following morning, the nude body of Annie Mond was discovered by a driver on a rural road just outside Jonesville, South Carolina. Oh, That's so sad. You said they had a newborn baby at Home? Yeah, a newborn baby. And she had been sexually assaulted. She was struck on the head with a heavy object and her cause of death ended up being strangulation. Later that afternoon, police found her clothing scattered around the nearby wooded area. Annie's body had been discovered lying against a chain link fence that protected an electrical transformer. But other than the clothing that they found scattered all around the woods, they really didn't find any more evidence and they didn't have any leads.


Really. Geez. Now, a short time later, Roger Mond was awoken by a knocking on the door of his home and opened it to find police officers who came to tell him, your wife has been found dead. Now Roger told the officers what he could remember of the night before. He said they had gone out drinking on the way home. They got into an argument that had started at the bar. Oh no. Annie pulled over, got out of the car, leaving him to pass out in the passenger seat. He said a few hours later he woke up and he ended up making his way home. 'cause he figured Annie was there. Yeah. When he got there, she wasn't there. He said he was surprised, but this wasn't the first time they'd fought like that, or the first time that she had walked off during a fight and left him somewhere to sober up.


Oh. 'cause this was a pattern. So he expected she was just gonna show up later that morning. They'd make up move on. Right. Roger was arrested and charged with the murder of his wife. I had a feeling it might go that way. Yeah. He repeatedly insisted he had nothing to do with the murder. In fact, he actually passed a polygraph test and they really didn't have any evidence. Well, I was gonna say, what is he even arrested based off Of then? wasn. Entirely circumstantial. Yeah. The fact that he was with her when she was last seen that they had been in an argument that he had left the scene and just like went to sleep at home. Yeah. Like none of that looked good for him for sure. But, there were some who said after his arrest that Roger had confessed to the murder.


Oh, okay. According to Annie's father, William Hayes Roger had at one point confessed to Annie's uncle. He said, he told me, he told my brother he did it. He said he got down on his knees in front of a window crying. He said he just blacked out. I asked him if he killed her and he said, I don't know, but I'm afraid I did. Well that makes sense. I mean, he was so, it sounds like he was blackout Drunk and that he was like, oh my God. Did I? What if I did? Yeah. Yeah. What if I have no idea. And I mean, they're arresting him. I'm sure you know what happens when people get arrested. Yeah. And held in those rooms forever. So, Exactly. So the dead mens had only been married for a couple of years at this point. Oh. And Annie had come into the marriage with three children from a previous marriage, which is even more sad.


Like she's a mother of four, she's Of four kids. Yeah. And I guess Roger had always been kind of like ambivalent to those children. Oh, the family suspected, at least in recent months, that the marriage hadn't been a very happy one. Doesn't sound like it. And according to Annie's mother, Lucille Roger had substance abuse issues and his drug use was starting to affect their marriage. Okay. According to Lucille, she told a reporter quote, he doped, he took yellow jackets all the time, but according to the family, right before she was murdered, Annie told them, as soon as the kids were done with school for the year, she was going to leave Roger and move to Georgia. Oh wow. Now, between the confessions, the drug use and Annie's plan to leave, her husband, the Hayes family felt certain that Roger was the killer.


And don don't blame them. I mean Yeah. At all. It has all the makings of that. Yeah. I honestly, it kind of fits perfectly. It's like, yeah, yeah. Makes, makes. If I was her family member, I would probably think the same thing based on everything she'd been going Through. And it turned out that the jury shared that opinion as well. A few months later, Roger Deadman was convicted of murdering his wife and sentenced to 18 years in the Union County Prison farm where he was going to spend his days working on a chain gang. Oh. And Roger's lawyer, Jonathan McKinnon, told the press, one way or another, I'll seek a new trial. I want more evidence on this thing, but I will seek a new trial for Mond. I mean, it's good that he wanted more evidence, you know, one way or another.


Yeah. And something's telling me he didn't do this. Something's, something's up. So Roger Mond's story probably would have just ended there. It just would've ended it imprisonment. But then something happened that kind of changed the tide a little bit. Okay. A strange phone call came into the desk of Gaffney Ledger reporter Bill Gibbons on the afternoon of February 8th, 1968. So the following year. Sure. But like obviously not that far away. So the man had asked to speak to quote that little fellow who drives the falcon. Okay. So Gibbons assumed, the caller was talking about the Spartanburg Herald writer Jim Holland, because he once owned a falcon.


So he was like, that's the only person I know that owns a falcon. And he told the caller Holland was an end, but he said, can I take a message? And the man insisted it wasn't something he could leave a message about. But then he gave Gibbons instructions. He said, take out three sheets of paper. I've got three stories for you. What? So he was like, okay, he's not gonna pass up a potential scoop here. So he is like, give it to me. Sounds Like a scene in that in the Zodiac movie. Oh, It literally does not sound real how this happened. Yeah. So Gibbons listens and he's like, okay, tell me what you, what you gotta say. And the guy on the other line gives him three names, followed by a set of directions to locations in and around Gaffney. Oh no. The first was Nancy, Christine, east Smith Street, then Nancy Carroll, Paris, Chatham Avenue, and finally Annie Mond, March, 1967 Jerusalem Road.


Oh No. The names were unfamiliar to Gibbons except he said that last name Annie Mond. He was like, I recognize that one because the case just happened then wasn pretty recent. So before hanging up, the caller said something very ominous. He just said, wait a second. And he said, what? And he said, you take the sheriff with you. Don't go by yourself. Oh, I just got a chill down my whole spine. Yep. Oh, what the fuck? And he's like, what the fuck? He was Now Gibbons was the managing editor of The Gaffney Ledger. And he got tips all the time, but he rarely went out to investigate stories himself. He was the managing editor. Yeah. He said, I had just returned from lunch and our reporter and photographer were out.


Or I probably would've sent them. And fact, Gibbons had assumed the call was probably a prank phone call. But he figured then wasn worth checking into, they're not gonna let it just float out there. Yeah. You never know. So he went himself over to the sheriff's office to let sheriff Julian Wright know about what happened. I'm glad he actually did go to the sheriff's. He did. He was smart about it. Not wanting to waste too much time on it. If it did turn out to be a prank, the two of them just were like, let's just head to the closest location, see if anything's there. If it's not, then we'll let it go. So they went to Chatham Road because then wasn nearby and according to the caller, whatever they were supposed to find there could easily be seen from the bridge on Ford Road. Oh no. So they pulled up to the bridge and both men got out of the car and they start looking around and Gibbons said, we thought we'd look right in the water and see a dog or a goat.


We thought it might be some trick or even a liquor deal. But when they took a closer look at the brush below them, they saw the nude body of 21, 20 year old Nancy, Carol, Paris laying on the sandbank below. Her head was partially submerged in the water. Oh man. He said, we knew then, my God, this is real. Imagine being sent there and that's what you find and you look over, which also I'm like the the like humans are wild because like I understand what he's saying when he is like, oh, I thought we were just gonna find a dog or a goat like in the water. And I'm like, the fact that your brain is like, well humans suck so much that some guy probably pulled a prank and threw a dog in the water.


I know below is wild. Like our species needs to do a lot of work. Yeah. But to look over that thinking this is a prank and seeing a actual nude dead body laying there. The amount of things that must have been going through their heads. I can't imagine. So Gibbons and the sheriff made their way down the embankment to confirm that they weren't seeing like a mannequin or something. It's never a mannequin. And the body showed almost no signs of decomposition, which led them to believe she hadn't been there more than a day. Right. And was most likely murdered A short time before being left there, there was a deep purple mark around her neck and her back was covered with what appeared to be recent cigarette burns.


Oh God. All over her back. Oh, that's horrible. Yeah. Paris had been reported missing by her husband a day earlier after she had left the house to walk their dog and never came back. Oh yeah. 20 years old. So 20 years old, left the house, said bye to her husband with her dog, and never came back. Also, they find this, this Nancy and now they have another location To go to. Yeah, they have two other locations. Two, but at that point they had already found Annie, Annie Deadman. Yeah.


There are 365 days in a year, which means there are 365 days that you might need to buy somebody a birthday present. And finding the perfect gift for everyone. I can dig weeks. Why not simplify the process with an aura? Digital frame ranks the number one digital picture by wire cutter or aura. Frames are easy to set up, update, enjoy, and Ora frames can be preloaded with photos and gift messages. So whether you are giving the frame to your best friend, your dad, your aunt Susan, you can make sure that your gift is personalized just for them. I gave my grandma an aura frame for her B day, or it might have been Mother's Day, I can't remember which one, but she loved it so it didn't matter either way. I probably could have gotten her two of them on each day and she would've been elated. It's so easy to set up and every aura frame comes with unlimited storage. So you can preload the frame with as many photos as you want. All you need is the free Aura app and wifi connection. Right now Aura is having their very first friends and family sale and we've got an exclusive offer just for our listeners. For a limited time only, you can get $35 off their bestselling frame by visiting aura frames.com and using the promo code Morbid at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Morbid. This is the best offer of the season, so don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


Guys, obviously if you're here, you love true crime. You're very interested in true crime. And I have a brand new podcast to tell you about. In May of 1992, just nine days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were given to her as a wedding gift. Just nine days prior. Police immediately suspected a friend of the couple, but they never closed the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalen attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. This is a must. Listen, I am very excited to listen to this.


I've actually never heard of this case, so listen to who killed Jennifer Judd, wherever you get your podcasts Now, no longer thinking that this was a prank. Sheriff Wright left two deputies at the scene on Ford Road to take care of that and he and Gibbons traveled to the first location on East Smith Street that the caller had described. So what he had said was go out to the, it's so like specific, which also is like, how do you know these directions so well to get there because he told Gibbons, go out to the junior high school to the chain gang road, go towards the Chang Chang gang to the second bridge.


Take a dirt road to the right, go to the top of the hill, turn left, come to the edge of the woods and stop. Like that is so many, that's so specific. And Gibbons and Wright were now accompanied by several others who had formed a search party and followed these instructions. And after walking about three quarters of a mile into the woods, they began combing through the brush. And that's when they heard one of the deputies shout. Oh God, here she is. Oh. Which is so chilling. It is, oh God, here she is. They had discovered the nude body of 14-year-old Nancy, Christine, Tina Reinhardt 14. Yep. Oh my god. 14 years old.


What the fuck? Dude. Tina had been reported missing by her parents 10 years. 10 days earlier when she left her grandmother's house one afternoon and just didn't come home. And no one had seen any sign of her since then. Although she had been missing for 10 days. And this is even more upsetting. She appeared to have only been dead for about five or six days. Oh wow. Which means she was held alive for a few days. Yep. And like Nancy Paris, Tina had deep purple bruising around her neck and had been burned with cigarettes as well. She also had bruises on her hands, legs and ankles. And she had been sexually assaulted. Oh no. Now and she's 14. So strangely she was found nude, but she was wearing a wedding ring and what appeared to be a diamond ring.


What? But she was in seventh grade. Yeah. And was not engaged or married. A wedding ring and a diamond ring like two, like a, like a wedding set, like an engagement ring and a, and a wedding ring. What the fuck? Yeah. The area looked pretty undisturbed, which led the sheriff to think that the body had been placed her after Tina had been murdered, which the same was true for the Ford Bridge. The Ford Road scene. Sure. Now, while the sheriff and the rest of the search party kept combing through the woods, they got another call into the sheriff's office and then wasn answered by Deputy Vernon Wright. This caller said, did Gibbons get the sheriff to go look for the bodies? And when he, so when Deputy Wright was like, yep.


Yeah, he did. The caller hung up before he could ask anything else. Yeah. This is so crazy. It's so spooky. It is like, it is spooky and tragic and awful. Creepy. So after leaving the scene in the woods behind the junior high school, the search team went to the third location on Jerusalem Road. Now they expected to find a third body just because of what they had just come across on the first two. Yeah. But when they got to the scene, there was no, no body, nothing to be found. There wasn't any evidence of any dead mens, like none of it. And upon further investigation, the sheriff learned that just as the caller had indicated, Annie Deadman had been murdered, murdered several months earlier.


And in March of the previous year, like we know her husband, Roger Deadman had been arrested and eventually convicted of the crime and was currently serving an 18 year prison sentence. Right. So they were like, what the fuck is this about? Like she's already, did he send us here? Yeah. Like why would you send us here? And I'm like, is somebody else there? And way later in 2009, Gibbons told a reporter, I don't think he would've called me except he said that another man was serving time this caller. And he said he was concerned about that. What? So the caller said to him something about like, there's another person serving time for this crime and You wonder if that's like a compassion thing or if that's a, I don't want them getting quote Unquote credit.


Oh, I think it's don don't want them getting credit. That's what I think it is. That's So creepy. He tried to play it off a little bit like then wasn A, I'm sure Like then wasn, I don't want someone taking, having to serve time for my crime. He then wasn 100% a credit thing. I bet he As we'll see, he really wants people to ask him and know that he did it. Oh, I hate that. So the caller wasn't the only one who was concerned about Roger Deadman serving time for a crime He possibly didn't commit. Roger's mother, Sybil Deadman believed the new cases all proved that her son didn't kill his wife. I would say. So She said when news of the murders and the bodies broke, she said, I know my son and he never killed her.


But whilst Mond's family was convinced, the new details were clear evidence of Roger's innocence, the sheriff's office was less convinced. Okay. then wasn, the Sheriff's department's refusal to accept the caller's word that prompted him to call Gibbons back a few days later. Really by then the FBI and state police had been called in to help the Gaffney police because this was a lot for them. And they'd put a trace on all incoming calls into Gibbons' death. I was waiting to hear if they, if I didn't know if they were able to do that at that point I kind of thought so. But They were, but then wasn back when a trace would be like, hold them on the line for a long period of time. Yeah. Like so we can get the proper trace. Like You see the guy at the phone company kind of deal.


Yeah. And it's like it takes forever. Now, when the man did call again, Gibbons had been instructed, like I said, to keep him on the phone as long as possible. So when he finally called, Gibbons did his best to keep him talking. And I guess he told the man, this thing has to stop. And then he suggested that they get together in person for a real conversation. What? Of course the caller was like, fuck no. He said, no. Yeah, I'm good. And he said, they're gonna have to kill me like the dog. I am Creepy. It's like, dogs don't do this. So yeah, No, they definitely don't it. It's kind of giving like son of Sam vibes. It is A little bit like, it's weird. Now he may not have wanted to meet with Gibbons in person, but this guy was nonetheless insistent that Roger Deadman had been wrongfully convicted.


Okay. Made sure to say that he said, we're going to have to do something about that man down there serving my sentence. I killed Mrs. Mond. I did, I did. So like I did Miss, miss Paris and Reinhardt, I killed them all with them begging me not to do it. Oh, now as if to offer proof of this, the color described the scenario under which he had picked up Annie Mond that included very, very specific aspects of her outfit. He said she had been wearing, she had a blue pocketbook with a snap, with a top snap, and then wasn lipstick, an aluminum comb, a picture of a girl sitting on the back of a white Falcon car Keys a watch, which had no band.


And she said she had the band broken when she and her husband had a scuffle. So he knew all of this interesting to a t then wasn like Fal was a na guy. Like, well how would I know this? Right. Yeah. So while Gibbons and members of the FBI tried to lure the caller out of hiding Sheriff Wright and Dick McKinnon from the South Carolina law enforcement division sled, they launched an investigation into the murders hoping that they might find someone who had seen something that could lead them to this guy. Yeah. Because they were, I don't think they were able to get a proper trace off of that. It doesn't sound like that. He couldn't keep him on the on the line. So the sheriff's department was flooded with calls from locals at this point, but they weren't getting any solid leads.


Then a few days after the bodies were discovered, a local man approached McKinnon with a tip. The man said he had been parked out by the bridge on Ford Road on the night of February 7th. And he says while he was there he saw a tall, skinny white man dumping something large over the side of the bridge. Oh no. He said, and then he got in his car and he sped away and he said, when it happened, I thought, and again, I'm like, is this like something that happens in the Carolinas a lot? He said when it happened, I thought he was tossing a dog over the side. I didn't know then wasn a body until I heard the news. Why does everybody think this guys Are people just tossing dogs in the water over there? Like what is going, I would never think that that wouldn't be my first thought.


The only Thing I can think of is like, like farm dogs like, like sometimes, sometimes people like shoot their dogs when they're like, like older or dying or something. don don't know. I don. They're just like tos over bridges. I don't Actually don't Don't tell me it's a something. Yeah. Don't tell us Anything about that. But it makes me wonder like, what the fuck. Yeah. But of course your first question with this guy is like, that's very interesting. Thank you. Why didn't you come forward with this sooner? Right. then wasn, my first question, you saw A guy throw something large at night into a bridge and then speed Away and then speed Away and you didn't think to say anything and the man said, yeah, about that. I'm married and I was on that bridge with another woman motherfucker.


So I didn't want that fact to go back to my wife, but I eventually did decide that this was more important and that I needed to come forward. Wow. Your moral compass is so amazing. I'm like, cool boy. Yikes. Now, other than the witness who'd potentially seen the suspect dump this body over the side of the bridge, investigators had very little evidence and almost no leads to work with. But the killer did place one final call to Bill Gibbons this time to his home fuck. Which I'd be freaking the fuck out. I'd be like, no thanks. Gibbons tried again to convince this man to give himself up. He was like, you need help. Like let's get you help. Yeah. And the man refused. He said, I'm psycho. The only reason I'm telling you this is to get the other boy out.


He's serving my time. It's like, okay, then go turn yourself in. Yeah. Like clearly that's what you're looking For. But then before hanging up for the last time, the caller added one thing. You can tell people, I'm not gonna pick up any woman that's fat and ugly. I'll be in, but if they don't catch me there'll be more deaths. Oh, so he's a real prince. Definitely. You know, this is a prince of a guy. Oh yeah. Like literally that is verbatim what he said. That's gross. And it's like, okay, that's A gross way to be. Okay. I mean, it's a gross way to be when you're like a murderer. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty gross. Now the discovery of Tina and Nancy's bodies had set the town on edge.


On edge. Oh my God. I can't even imagine. Yeah. And this was at a time, like this was at a, a scary time in the South, especially with like integration was already straining black and white relations across the south. So this was already even think of then wasn. This was strain. Like people were just, tension was already at an all time high. Yeah. And GA Gaffney Pastor Clyde Thomas told a reporter in 2009, there's an indelible memory in my mind of going to the bus stop and parents being there with shotguns in their hands. Jesus. Yeah. He said people were afraid to go to school, afraid to go shopping. They kept their children locked in the house. And Bill Gibbons also remembered the fear that seemed to just, I mean, permeate Gaffney at the time.


He recalled how law enforcement officials became concerned that terrified residents would start shooting at shadows. Probably. Yeah. Everybody was just on edge right now exacerbating the tensions and all the frustrations that everyone was feeling was the absolute complete lack of evidence. And any answers into the deaths of Tina and Nancy both had been raped and murdered. That much was clear and asphyxiation looked like then wasn the cause of death for both. But beyond that, the coroner could offer really no insights, except they looked like they had been like tortured. Yeah. And given the marks around their neck, he speculated both might have died by hanging, hanging.


But he couldn't say for sure. Okay. He said a hanging death would explain why the cord marks were around their necks. Okay. Now, on February 13th, just one week after the other bodies had been discovered, the killers struck against No. And this one's so sad. I mean they're all sad, but this one's 15 year olds. Yeah. This time he kidnapped 15-year-old Opal. Diane Buxton Opal had been on her way to school with her sister Gracie and run a short distance ahead of her when Gracie saw a white man in a sedan pull off the side of the road, jump out of the car and grab Opal and throw her in the trunk of the car in Broad Daylight, like literally her sister ran up ahead of her and got plucked off the side of the road and thrown in a trunk.


What the fuck To be that brazen. That's the thing in that Poor Gracie poor, it's The PTSD she must have been living with. After That, Gracie told police she noticed the car pull out ahead of Opal and found it strange when it backed up with the trunk open. Oh. And she said, oh my God. He looked at me and I ran back towards the house. When she looked back, they were all gone along with Opal. And they weren't even far from their house it sounds Like. No, she ran back to her house. Holy shit. Now to law enforcement, it's basically what you were just saying, the abduction of Opal wasn't just an escalation in the killer's behavior. 'cause it, it occurred in broad daylight in front of somebody else.


Like it also represented a change in victim profile. Yep. Well, sort of Opal was black. Oh, okay. The other victims were all white. This is a very different kind of crime because usually we've seen this in other things. Yeah. Usually killers have a very specific victim profile or it's a lot of times of killers won't kill outside of their own race. Yeah. That is interesting. That's a like, like serial killers. Yes. Is who I'm talking about. But so this is interesting that we've they that he's gone from, I mean he stays with younger women, but he's gone from like 20 to 14. Yeah. And white and black women.


Right. Like that's, that makes it a lot harder to understand and a lot harder to like pathology, follow who he is or what he could be doing. And Sheriff Wright told reporters at a pref brief briefing that same day, I'm afraid for her life talking about Opal. We're using every available man in this. He and he was trying to assure everybody, but he said, but we have nothing definite yet. And while Gracie had gotten a look at the man who she described as a slender white man with brown hair, which by the way that other guy, tall, tall, skinny, white man was John Ford a tall, skinny, white guy. But unfortunately that description matched a lot of young men in the area.


And then wasn really vague like Gracie did the best she could it under one of the worst circumstances I could possibly ever fathom in my brain. And she's Turning to run around or turning around to run. Yeah. Excuse Me. Back home. She's panicking and running and she's probably looking at her sister more than anything. Yeah. And she's a child. Yeah. Like she did the best she could. And she even was able to describe the car he was driving as an old, that's Blue Ford. Oh that's, but that's also really common at the time. A common car. And it just, and to make matters worse, later that day Gracie changed her statement and said she couldn't be certain about the make of the car car because Then she's probably sitting there like, fuck was it a blue Ford? Like, I don't know. You could, if you asked me as a child what car is that?


I'd be like, I a car. Like, I don't know. You ask me Now. I don't even know what some cars are. It's true. I just feel like, I don't know. A blue car, I guess. Yeah. Maybe could have been maybe black. Right? Like I wouldn't be good at this.


Weirdos, we cover some spooky stories, but nothing is scarier than the thought of hens being trapped in cages. I hate that thought. But listen at Happy Egg, all of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land, leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the absolute best. They're cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across more than eight acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious speed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. All of this results in eggs with the plumps oranges, yolks that are full of flavor. I love these eggs so much that if I wasn't married, I would marry these eggs. I want to eat them every day of my life. Please send me more. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy. Go to Happy Egg dot com slash Morbid to get $2 off your next carton of happy eggs. Please send me more Bra.


A good mystery then it's time to escape into a bygone age of danger, glamor, and romance as you immerse yourself into the world of June's journey. A captivating, hidden object detective story set in the 1920s play is June Parker and her quest to solve the truth behind her sister's unexplained death and uncovers a scandalous family secret along the way with hundreds of mind teasing puzzles. The next clue is always within reach. And you don't have to play alone. You can chat or play with or against other players by joining a detective club. Lose yourself in this captivating quest of mystery, murder and romance. Can you crack the case? Download June's journey for free today on iOS and Android.


Now a search team started combing Gaffney immediately for Opal But. there were few clues and no signs of Opal or that blue Ford anywhere. And near the bus stop where Opal and Gracie had been waiting. Opal's father, which like breaks my heart, found his daughter's school books and a shoe and her scarf was discovered along a nearby road. Oh, that's so ing. So they used that scarf to indicate maybe the direction the car went. 'cause then wasn further up. But otherwise they really didn't have anything. And at the same time, local law enforcement's fears about widespread panic started coming to fruition on the morning of the abduction. A local gun shop owner sold three pistols just a short time after opening for the day.


Jesus, two of them to young women. And when the clerk asked one of the women what kind of pistol she was looking for, she said, don don't know. I don't know anything about guns. Just gimme something that will shoot. Wow. And when he was asked about the local rush of residents going to buy guns and take other protective measures, sheriff Wright said, if they're good people, let them have something to protect themselves and their families with. I'm not against any man doing that. I'm afraid though of guns getting into the hands of the wrong people. Yeah. Now the very real public fears were furthered by what appeared to have been a large number of prank phone calls received by women around the time. And these prank phone calls would warn random women, you better watch out tonight.


I'm coming to get you. Oh god, those poor women. Can you imagine These young men are, get it pigs to fucking gather. What is wrong With you? Get a hobby. Get a grip. Like God damn local women weren't the only ones getting the prank phone calls either because following Opal, a 15 year old's kidnapping, the sheriff's department and The Gaffney Ledger were plagued by a series of calls from various young men confessing to be the killer. What the fuck is going on? That's like, you should be able to trace every one of those and you should be able to charge them with a crime and put them in jail for No, you should. Can't you get charged with like disrupting investigation?


Disrupting an investigation? Investigation? Like do you something you should get a big consequence for that. Yeah, absolutely. That should deter people. Like you need to, You need to be taught a lesson. There Needs to be a real lesson learned there. Because what the fuck is wrong with you? People are so fucked. Someone's child got ripped off the side of the road on the way to school in front of her young sister and You're like, LOL then wasn me and thrown In a trunk. And you're like, ah. This'll be so funny to say. It's me like, It's like as disgusting. You're game. Yeah. You are disgusting disgust. Yep. Like what the fuck is wrong with you? And in Charlotte, North Carolina, police arrested 17 year olds. You are far too fucking young or or old Sir Robert Wood, after he placed a series of calls to Gaffney authorities claiming there's going to be another killing tonight, 17 years old.


Seriously. Come on, Bye. Put 'em away. Honestly, You're a fucking menace. Like what is wrong with you? That's exact, that's a menace. And in response to the chaos and fear then wasn happening everywhere. Authorities increased the number of officers working on the case to more than 100 from local agencies. Holy shit. And then wasn like The, State, office of the FBI, you know the, what was it? The, it's called Sled. The Oh yep. Sled. But like all the different agencies just increased all the officers. The next day there was still no sign of Opal. And as the search teams grew larger and larger, they came to include a significant number of residents. And this was below both black and white people.


Which was, they Were coming together, At least people coming together to be like, we're all in trouble here. Like we're all, we're all gonna be prey here. So how sad that that's what it took. It took a a 15-year-old black child being fucking ripped off the street. But among the searchers was professional golfer. Henry Zu and his friend Forest Ranger Lester Skinner, the two men had volunteered to drive around the back roads in Transue car looking for any signs of Opal or her kidnapper because they thought the killer had left bodies in remote areas. So maybe he'll do the same this time. So like it's worth a shot. Yeah. So they were driving around a railroad out by the cow pens Battleground Memorial.


And they spotted something interesting. They spotted what looked to be a man in a blue sedan parked in the field with his trunk open. What? So the man in the field watched Transue car as it drove past slowly, which is something out of a horror movie. Then he got in the driver's seat and pulled out of the field. So not wanting to lose who they believed to be the suspect, they followed the car. Yep. Keeping enough of a distance to not like scare any further scare off. But TransU followed the other car for a few miles and then the car pulled into the driveway of a local house and got out and immediately started talking to another man standing in the front yard.


Okay. So they were like, okay. So they, they were like, we need to get this guy, but like who knows if he's armed and dangerous? We don't know. Yeah. So Skinner pulled out a pencil and paper and jotted down the license plate paper. Nice. Nice. And then they sped off in the direction of town to let the sheriff know. Okay. So trans and Skinner, along with the sheriff and a deputy went back to that house right away where they'd seen the car, they knocked on the door 'cause the car wasn't there. They're thinking like, this could be the killer, this could be him. And then an elderly man opens the door and they're like, hello sir. Like do what's going on. And he was like, so they asked him about it, like what was that about? And he was like, yeah. A guy in a blue sedan came into my driveway a little earlier.


He doesn't live here though. He just stopped briefly and asked me if I sold Beagle dogs. I had a feeling he just pulled into the nearest driveway, random house and was like, oh, I'm talking to this guy. Yeah. I just know the guy. I Had a feeling. And when the homeowner said no, the guy just got back in his car and Left. That's okay. They have the license plate. They left. They're disappointed. But they returned to the field too, where they first started spotted the car hoping there was anything that they could find. They didn't find anything. Okay. They didn't find Opal either. But in case, you know, just in case FBI agents did stake out the house all night. But the car never returned. I'm not really sure why they staked out the house, to be quite honest. Don don't really know why he'd go back there. I don't know why he would go back there.


But you know what, it sounds like they were trying everything. They were trying. They were. That's the thing. And they were, it wasn't like they were like taking two people away from No. Like there was plenty of people in every area. Exactly. So I'm not sure what the motive was that, but again, I'm not in the FBI so I'm sure there was a, a smart motive behind this. Mm. But it didn't pan out. Nobody came back. Maybe in case he came back to threaten that guy or something. You never know. Maybe. Yeah. To be like, did you talk to somebody? Right, right. No, that's a good point actually. So back at the sheriff's office, deputies ran that plate number on the car, followed by TransU and Skinner and learned it belonged to 31-year-old Leroy Martin. He was a Millworker and father of three, Are you fucking kidding me? Yep. Who'd been born and raised in Gaffney.


Lived there his whole life. Most everyone in town knew Martin. What the Fuck? And thought he was fine. Which I have questions about this because it then wasn like everybody thought he was fine. Like nobody had a problem with him. But then you hear about a little rap sheet that he has and I'm like, were you okay with him? I mean, everybody also thinks that people are just tossing dogs over the side of bridges. That's true. So don don't know about Gaffney back then, Like, I don't know. But about a decade earlier, Martin was arrested and served a jail sentence for assault and battery with intent to kill after he raped a teenage girl behind his mother's house. Oh, Yep. And everyone thought he was fine because He was released from prison and he appeared according to everyone else, to have gotten his life together.


He got married, he had three children. He'd worked as some time for, as a driver for the Red Top cab company. don don't know if that sounds Oh, you said Red Top Cab I company. I said Top Cab Company. And then he found work Musical Mill. He didn't working. He was literally working Girl. While some members of law enforcement felt confident, he was definitely the right suspect. I Do. Just as many were skeptical because they said this is someone they've known their whole lives. He can't be a psychopath. He Raped, I'm sorry. Raped a teenager. Tried kill. He's kind of proven. Tried to Kill her. You guys. Okay.


Again, he raped a teenager and tried to kill her. And you guys think he's I Well they're like, no, he couldn't be a psychopath. What? I think if you're capable of that, you are a psychopath. What was that? In fact, one sheriff's deputy said, ah, it's not him. I know Leroy Martin and his whole family. He's got a wife and three kids and works regular. Leroy. Martin ain't, ain't the Strangler. You're wasting your time baby. BTK had a whole family too, baby. He's a did John Van Gacy, He's a rapist and he attempted to kill a teenage girl. He's a rapist. That's the other thing. He's a pedophile. 'cause he is a rapist of a teenage Girl. He's a predator. He's a rapist and an attempted murderer of a young girl.


And now there's young girls fuck coming up, raped and murdered. Y'all don't Think, are we not seeing the connections? Hello? Hello? Literally Hello Is attacked in the room with us. So still believing Opal Buxton could be alive because at this point they're hoping beyond Hope officers didn't wanna tip off Martin and risk the girl's life, which is a good Move. Smart. So surveillance teams monitored him constantly. Hoping they might lead him to her, them to Opal. Yes. Gaffney Ledger reporter, Tommy Martin was a member of one of the unofficial surveillance teams. And he remembered the first time he saw Martin and he said he emerged from his house in the middle of the night to wash the car.


Oh, that's not Good. Which Tommy said he believed was to get rid of any evidence. Do you ever like do something and you're like, wow, I probably look suspicious as fuck right now. Like, I don't know. Like, I'm trying to think of an example and I can't, but like you think of somebody going out to fucking wash their car in the middle of the night. Yeah. And you don't, you don't think that's like, like anybody's gonna be looking at you. Yeah. I took, I took my trash out and I'm like, is anybody looking at me? You're like, there's nobody in here. Well that's when our dog, our family dog died like a billion years ago. Oh yeah. And we had then wasn pouring rain and we were able to like, you know, bury him in our woods. Yeah. To give him like a little memorial. And then wasn pouring rain when it happened. And me and my dad had to go out in the woods and dig a hole and dig a hole with a wheelbarrow, with a giant load in it.


Covered by a blanket. Yep. And my neighbors were right there and my dad trying to make me laugh because then wasn so horrible. And we'd all been sobbing. Yeah. He said, do you think this is my dad's humor? It's gallow humor. That's where guts come From. Said, said we were, we were, we needed it at that moment. 'cause we were so sad. But he said, do you think we should just keep your mom indoors for a few days and really make the neighbors question what we did out here? And I was like, that's hilarious. That's hilarious. But he was literally like, do you think they're gonna be like worried about what we're doing? Definitely. I remember Being like, yes, I think they are. Like, what the fuck? But even something innocuous too. Yeah. Like you'll, you'll like I don. I can't think of an example, but I'll do something. And I'm like, oh man.


Like did anybody see that? Yeah. Like, like then wasn weird for me to do and it's not even a weird thing. Yeah. Like, like you said, taking your trash out sometimes. Yeah. Don't weird Feel like everyone's looking at you. I'm like, Everybody's wondering what I'm doing. They're not. Yeah. No, nobody is. No, I don't give a shit when people take their trash out. No. But going out in the middle of the night and washing my car, I would be looking around being like, my neighbors definitely think I Percent. That would be, And let me tell you something, if you're my neighbor and you're washing your car in the middle of the night, I think you did too. I'm watching. Yeah. I'm always watching. I'm watching. I'm always watching. I'm Always watching. Watching. I love watching. I'm too. I do Too. Just my street. Who Doesn't love watching, you know? Yeah. And I hope my neighbors love watching.


So everybody just loves watching Each other. We're all the neighborhood watch. Yeah. That's the best Together. So while surveillance teams watch Leroy Martin around the clock, Sheriff's deputies went to the mill to speak with the management where he worked. Although no one at the mill had anything like truly negative to say about Martin, they were just like, he's fine. Other than the fact that he is rapist raped and murdered, oh no. Excuse me. Raped and attempted to murder a teenage girl. Yeah. Just gonna Like keep reminding everybody about that. They were like, when we work with him, there's nothing like weird about him. You know? Like we can't point to anything that's like, oh yeah, he gets mading like easily or anything. Yeah. They're like, yeah, he's fine to work with. Like we don't have anything bad. That's crazy. But when deputies looked over his time cards, they discovered that Martin had wildly been punched out during the times when the girls were believed to have been murdered.


Imagine that I was like my goodness. How, however, while this was definitely suspicious, then wasn, just more circumstantial evidence. We're not getting any smoking gun here. Yep. If they wanted to make a strong case against him and learn the location of Opal where she was, they need something more compelling here. From the moment Opal was abducted on her way to the bus stop, law enforcement officials had been cautiously optimistic that they were gonna find her alive. Unfortunately, those hopes were dashed on the morning of ap February 16th when a group searching the woods in Gaffney. So they were searchers, found opal's nude body covered over by some brush. Like the other victims.


Opal had been choked and she had been raped. Oh God. But the cause of death in this case was attributed to the stab wound to her chest. She had also been stabbed once in the leg. Oh God. Years later. Bill Gibbons, our, our, our guy Bill Gibbons, would speculate that the killer had stabbed Opal because she fought back. Yeah, I was wondering That. And otherwise he said she would've been strangled like the others. But she was a fighter. Yeah. They all were. But like she clearly fought so much that he had to resort to that. Yeah. So with Opal confirmed dead now, unfortunately, law enforcement had no reason to proceed with caution any longer. So Sheriff Wright returned to the mill, found Lee Roy Martin in the bathroom where he was arrested and taken into custody.


Nice. Because they were like, fuck that. Get in now. And while they were leading him away to the deputy's car, a young woman who worked an administrative job grabbed one of the deputies. She worked in an administrative job at the mill. So she grabbed him and said, the day before, he had tried to convince her to go for a ride with him. And she almost accepted, but something seemed off and she turned him down. What the fuck? And she was like, fuck. 'cause she was like, I felt something weird. Like I didn't go. I felt something about him must Been losing her mind as he was taken away in cuffs. She must, I can't even, I would never not trust my gut. Yeah. I'd be like, sorry, my gut's says you're, you suck. So it can't, that she Has elite guts like that is, That's elite Guts.


And honestly, trust your gut. Every time. I don't trust my gut. I regret it. It steers you. Telling you wrong. Yep. And I'm like an overthinker, so I constantly second guess my gut. Don't do it. Oh yeah. Don't Do it. Oh, sometimes my guts are hella lead. Do you remember one situation? I really disliked this person? Yes. That we both knew. And I could not explain why. I had no reason. There was No like visible, you know, tangible reason. And I was just like, Nope. We need to stay away from this person. And honey was I correct? You Were correct. Your guts can be very elite. No. then wasn crazy. Like you're very, you, you have like, you're an in, I'm an intuition. So you have this intuition that's like, yeah, you like this and we're witchy.


I bet this gal had a good intuition. And she's witchy. So years later when a reporter asked Bill Gibbons why he thought there had been a gap between Martin's first murder and the other three Gibbons explained he attended the Deadman trial and that had a lot to do with him doing the other murders. He was upset, he said, with the miscarriage of justice. And then wasn, the crowning blow. He turned from his good side to his bad side. I think he just, you know, credit, I think he was mad that he didn't get credit. I think so too. Well, you know, it does it, it feels like he couldn't tolerate someone else. In this case. Roger Mond getting credit for his work. Yeah. That's what it feels like to me. Definitely.


Why else would he have contacted? He wasn't contacting the local news to be like, it wasn't like the weepy voice killer. Like Stop. I can't be, I can't. I need help. He went and killed more people. Exactly. Like, I mean the weepy voice killer did too. Yeah. But you know what I'm saying? But it's like, then wasn a different vibe. Yes, it definitely is. Wow. Nice. Yeah.


What you're hearing are the sounds of people everywhere putting on Bombas socks, underwear and T-shirts made from absurdly soft materials that feel like plush clouds. Yeah. That plush. And the best part, for every item you purchase, Bombas donates another to someone facing homelessness. Bombas big comfort for everyone. Go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's bombas.com/ Wondery code Wondery.


So as they pulled out of the mill parking lot with their suspect in the backseat, it occurred, and this is actually really smart, it occurred to Sheriff Wright that they had a growing body of circumstantial evidence against Martin for sure. But they didn't have a shred of physical evidence connecting him to the murders. So they were like, this is fucking tenuous. Mm. And so the first thing Martin said to them as he got, as they left the parking lot was, you've got the wrong man. I didn't kill anybody. Okay. So immediately he's like, I didn't do it. Yep. So they're like, fuck, we don't have a lot to go on anyways. So like, this is not good. So Right. Knew if we're gonna keep him with us, we need a confession. Yes. So based on the phone calls the killer made to Bill Gibbons.


Right. And the deputies knew this is a killer who wants attention for the murders and is mad that somebody else got the attention and he just couldn't abide by his crimes being ignored. then wasn clear to them. Yep. So instead of driving back to the courthouse, Wright started driving in the opposite direction. And so Martin notices that they're heading in the wrong direction. And he is like, where the fuck are we going? And the sheriff and the deputy just didn't say a fucking word. Wouldn't look at him, wouldn't say nothing, wouldn't speak to him. So he's just like, where are we going? Like, why are we do, where are you taking me? And they're just like, and it's just getting more and more tense, more and more awkward.


And Martin couldn't bear it because they weren't asking him questions. He wanted questions. Yeah. He wanted to be able to say things. Right. He wanted them to challenge him saying, I didn't do it. And he wasn't getting anything. Anything. And he had no idea where they were taking him and they wouldn't say anything. So he started babbling and just filling the space with things. 'cause he just couldn't handle that. They weren't stop like putting attention on him. Yeah. That they were totally ignoring him. And the further they drove, the harder it became for him to tolerate that neither of them were speaking to him and that they weren't asking him questions about the murders. So like many people, Martin probably assumed that his arrest would immediately be followed by a barrage of interrogation questions.


Or people challenging you saying you didn't have anything to do with, he's thinking like he's gonna be on, on having a show in here. Yeah. He's gonna get to a one man show. Keep talking about it. Keep playing with them. But they seemed entirely uninterested in him and entirely uni interested in whether he had killed someone or not. They didn't give shit. They didn't, they didn't even say anything to him. They're making it seem that way. And eventually he just couldn't take it anymore. And Leroy Martin started talking about the murders he'd committed. What they wore this motherfucker down by just driving, just driving around town in complete silence. Just all over, like they gambled on this.


They just gambled to see if it would work. Wow. And they literally gambled on his narcissism. Yeah. And it paid off. I If you gamble on someone's narcissism, none outta 10 times I bet it off. Yeah. He probably went, 'cause from the backseat of the police car, he fully confessed to killing all four women. Fully confessed, strangling the first three with his belt. He said. And stabbing Opal Buxton. What the fuck? Confessed to the entire thing. Damn. Well they then wasn like the wildest gamble that paid off. Like it's just absolutely. then wasn and for them, and I imagine just like, it must have been so satisfying to hear this little narcissistic prick in the backseat losing his goddamn mind hundred percent that they weren't paying attention to him.


Yep. And weren't like fawning over him or getting upset or anything. And that they're just like, do not even paying attention. So that afternoon, Martin was charged with the murder of O Opal Buxton and placed in a jail cell at the courthouse. And a couple days later on February 18th, he was charged with the murders of Nancy Paris and Tina Reinhardt. And his statement to the press, sheriff Wright praised the large number of law enforcement officials from various agencies and he praised all the local residents who'd worked cooperatively too quickly. Bring the killer to justice. Yeah. He said, I'd just like to say we've had just marvelous help in this thing from all law enforcement agencies and the public has just been wonderful.


I love that. You don't hear about that often. No, you don't. You really don't. So the townspeople were able to relax a little in the wake of the arrest, but the Sheriff's office had their work cut out for them now. Right. Gathering as much evidence as they could against Martin. So going over Bill Gibbons' original reports of his phone calls with the killer now believed to be Leroy Martin. They came across several statements the caller made about where the reporter and law enforcement officials could find various objects belonging to the victims. He'd intended this as proof that he was responsible for the murders. But remember as these calls were coming in, he was getting them like often.


And he's like writing this stuff down and then sometimes they're not chasing all these leads down. 'cause they didn't even know if this was a prank. Yeah. Sometimes. 'cause they were getting so many pranks afterwards. Right. That then wasn. Hard to tell and Yeah. You can't distinguish. So yeah. So the caller had speci now that they knew this was the real guy. The caller had specifically mentioned an area on Milton Road, just off Highway 11, near where Transue and Skinner had seen Martin's car. Okay. And the caller had said they would find several items there. And when they searched the area, deputies found two Ford automobile keys, a small hairbrush, and three books of Harris Teeter stamps, which all belonged to Annie Mond.


Whoa. So with this new evidence, Martin was also charged with the murder of Annie Mond. Now they could connect and her husband was let out. So we'll get to that. So by the end of the month, investigators had also located several pieces of clothing and personal items belonging to Opal Buxton, including a coat with her initials written on the label. And they found that hidden in an abandoned well about a half mile from where her body was discovered. According to press reports, quote, many items of clothing were torn or cut. Wow. Around this time, other evidence had been collected around the other crime scenes, including the body of Nancy Paris's poodle who she had left the house to walk that night.


Killed the, so he killed a poodle. Yeah. He's an absolute piece of shit. Oh, he killed her dog and her. That's so sad. So I wonder if that guy did Wait. No. 'cause it nevermind. It ended up being, yeah. Yeah. But so now you can see why. So just a few days after his arrest, the evidence started piling up on Leroy Martin and he made what a prison official described as a quote, half-hearted suicide attempt. Apparently he pulled one of the slats out from under his prison bunk and just scratched at his wrists with it. An officer discovered it immediately and they had a doctor look at him. And the official said, but Martin required literally no treatment. Okay. So the half-hearted suicide attempt, quote unquote, and the circumstances of the crimes led to Martin being put on a 30 day hold at The State Hospital in Columbia.


South Carolina, which Is probably what he was looking for. Exactly. Because I'm sure it's better than a, a holding cell But. There he was extensively evaluated by psychiatrists. So during the evaluations, additional details of the crimes came to light. Additionally, and this is rough, everybody, in addition to sexually assaulting his victims, he had revisited the bodies of Tina Reinhardt and Nancy Paris following the murders. And he further violated their bodies. So he's a necrophiliac as well. Oh. Also, he seemed to revel in the ways that his crimes affected the people of Gaffney, specifically the victim's families. Yeah, I Bet. Tommy Martin recalled Tina's sister told me, told me Leroy Martin had come by and stayed for a lengthy period of time at her funeral.


So he stayed at these funerals and watched the families grieve them. That's a whole other level of just disturbed. And it's like, so he is a necrophiliac. He's going back to these bodies and he's raping these dead bodies. He is raping these dead bodies. And then after he's doing this, going and showing up to funerals, knowing what he has done, your mind Can't even like truly comprehend how fucked up that like, it's so fucked up. But it's on a level that you can't even, it's indescribable Comprehend. You can't even like label The kind.


There's no adjective for that Disgusting. That is no. Like you really can't. No, I can't come up with a good adjective for it. And you're a writer, so that's saying a lot. There You go. And the source.com will not even help us with this. No. Now, despite the bizarre and very disturbing nature of his crimes and his complete and total lack of remorse, he had no remorse. Psychiatrist at The State Hospital determined that Leroy Martin was not insane and was completely competent to stand trial. Isn't that such a wild thought? Yeah. That somebody that murders people def defile their dead bodies and then goes, sits with their family afterwards, is legally sane. Yeah. Like I believe it. It's just a fucking wild Sentiment. Yeah. Because he was able to, he knew then wasn wrong.


Now, in May, 1968, a grand jury indicted Martin for the murders of Annie Mond, Tina Reinhardt, Nancy Paris, and Opal Buxton. Despite the indictment, the judge granted a continuance in the case until September due in large part to the fact that the constitutionality of South Carolina's capital punishment laws had been challenged. Oh. And was currently under review. Oh wow. So it's a, it makes sense for a continuance. 'cause they wanna make sure that irons itself Vote everything goes out correctly. Yeah. Yeah. In September, on September 16th, 1968, Martin went to trial for the murder of Opal bucks. And he waived his right to a trial, a jury trial, because as he told the judge, I don't believe I could get a fair trial anywhere in South Carolina.


And when he was indicted for the murder, he pleaded not guilty. But as the trial was about to begin, Martin's lawyers, HR Swin and CD Pad, Padgate HR and cd. Yeah. Pad Lincoln compact disc. They asked the judge for a conference and during that conference they explained that their client wished to change his plea to guilty. Oh. Judge Morrison asked Martin a series of questions to determine whether he was making this change in his, Like of his own with volition, With his own free will. And once he was satisfied, that then wasn his choice, he accepted the plea. And when asked why he had murdered Opal bux in Martin explained then wasn like he was standing on the side of a hill and watching himself in a valley.


He knew what he was doing, but he just couldn't make himself stop. I don't think it went like that. So even the prosecution acknowledged that, although Martin knew, does know right from wrong, the prosecutor's office was of the opinion that Martin acted under irresistible impulses. Okay. Because He's a murderer. He's a a horrible, horrible, vicious murder. Later that day, Leroy Martin was sentenced to two consecutive life terms for the murders of Opal Buxton and Annie Mond additional life sentences for the murders of Tina Reinhart and Nancy Paris followed in the next few months. Now Leroy Martin's explanation for his crimes has always been that he had what Bill Gibbons described as a split personality.


And this thing comes over him and he can't control it. then wasn, he explained his violent side who had raped and murdered the four young women in Gaffney. While his good side felt such a great deal of remorse for his crimes, I don't Buy that. And he used to say that his good side was the one that didn't want that guy to sit in prison for him. No. 'cause also, if he did have a split personality, isn't that some form of insanity? I would think so. Right. Like when the psychologists have said something about that. Yeah. Or the Psychiatrist. I think it's whether you can understand right from wrong basically. And It's, and he clearly can. Yeah. And he clearly can, He's almost trying to make it sound like he's like he has like multiple personality disorder.


Absolutely. He is trying to say that for sure. But they have found no Yeah. No evidence To that fact. So I think he's, this is a cop out. When he was calling, he was saying, no, I can't meet you in person 'cause they're gonna have to shoot me like the dog I am. Right. So he knew what he did was wrong. He didn't wanna meet anybody. He just wanted to go and get the attention for it. It goes beyond irresistible impulses when he's like, he's murdering people, he's raping them, and then he's going to sit with their family. Exactly. It's like that's not a, that's not an irresistible impulse. That's just, that's you just doing what you do evil. Right? Yeah. And again, whether this was true or not, the claim did get some sympathy enough to place him in the mental illness wing of the Central Correctional Institute following his sentence in May, 1968.


I feel like then wasn the goal for him. Yeah. He prefer like, maybe he expected this to be preferable than being among the general population. Was it not? But he regretted this because among other things, security was tighter on that ward. So movement was heavily restricted and he complained, quote, there was no sunlight in the cell. Yeah. You know, where there's also no sunlight When you're dead. When You're dead. Yeah. So, and you did that to three different women. Four different women, excuse me. Exactly. And in December, 1969, Martin was moved into general population where he remained for three years. I almost wish that he didn't. I He should never have gotten sunlight again. Well, and he remained there for three years because a little after 5:00 PM on May 31st, 1972, Leroy Martin got into a fight with a fellow inmate, Kenneth Rumsey Rumsey stabbed Martin in the chest with a shiv just below his heart and killed him instantly.


Damn. That earned, that earned that inmate an additional 20 years on his already lengthy sentence. But five years later, that inmate was also found dead in his prison cell after having hanged himself with his own pants. So Prison man, quite a Cycle now in February 28th, 1968. Because you're like, what, what could possibly be happening here? Everybody's gone and dead. Roger Deadman was released from the Union County Prison Farm after Leroy Martin confessed to the murder of Annie Deadman. And How many years had he served? He was convicted and served 10 months in prison for a crime he didn't commit. That's a long time. Yeah. And this crime he didn't commit was based on false testimony provided by Union County Sheriff Harold Lamb and two of his deputies Uhoh, which was corroborated in court by several members of other law enforcement agencies in South Carolina.


Oh No, I thought you guys were doing good. Yeah. Upon his release, Deadman reclaimed custody of his son and found work as an electrician in North Carolina. When asked about the wrongful conviction, Deadman told a reporter he wasn't bitter about what had happened. He said the justice system makes mistakes just like everybody else. Thank goodness they don't make too many. Wow. Which is like a very mature way of looking at that. Like, I was like, what the fuck? I wonder, I mean, 10 months people, People say there's more drugs inside a prison than there are in the streets. He, but But you wonder if he was like able somehow to clean up his act and I mean, maybe it shook him up, don don't know. Yeah.


But the memory of The, Gaffney, Strangler and the four Marty women have absolutely haunted the small town of Gaffney since they occurred more than 50 years ago. And according to author Mark Jones quote, the ultimate Legacy are the stories that permeate through South Carolina today. The bridge is a spot that people go to. There's always these stories that there's screams of girls that can be heard. Those types of things in small towns take a long time to disappear. Yeah. It's like the end of a horror novel. And I did look it up in one place that is, that locals and other people refer to sometimes as Leroy's Bridge off Highway three twenty nine. Don't call It Leroy's Bridge. It's said to be a place where people will claim to hear the screams, moans and cries of young women.


That's really Sad. And Chain Gang Road is also more of the same reports. Oh, that makes me sad. 'cause that means like there's a Don don't want them to like, I mean, it's like a residual haunting. Hopefully. Its just like A, I mean, the energy has to be dark rancid there, so Wow. I hate that they call it Leroy's Bridge. Stop doing that guys. I don't think, like, I don't wanna like indict all of the people locals there. Like I've, that's what I've read on certain things. So like whoever's doing that, you probably shouldn't, but like Yeah, that's what I mean. Yeah. don don't, I just don't want anybody to be like you said that everybody Yeah. No, No, no. I promise I didn't say That. Don't take that away guys. Yeah. Wow. What a case. I can't believe we had never heard of that one before. Yeah. It's so sad. It Is so sad.


And it's such young women That is a, that's a chilling, spooky Case. And this Yeah, the story of Opal just like breaks my heart. Just walking with her sister to school runs up ahead of her and is snatched right off the fucking road in the broad daylight, like in the, in front of her sister and thrown into a trunk. You think that like, that had to have been like seven, 8:00 AM Yeah. Like when does school start? You know what I mean? Yeah. The Fuck. Yeah. Ugh. It's so scary. It's chilling. Yeah. Having kids must be the most terrifying Thing on the planet. It's, it absolutely is The responsibility. My God. That's why we all age like a presidency, like very quickly. Like I am, I am in a constant state of anxiety.


Yeah, Me too. And I don't even have children. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Well keep listening And we hope you Keep It weird, But not so weird that I didn't even give you the choice to keep listening. I just told you keep listening. I know. I was like, damn. I Usually, I say we hope you keep listening, but this week you have To keep Listening. Bye Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Dan tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy New York. I was like at my locker, and she came up To me, to me, and she was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I Can't. a mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The State tried to keep on the down low. Everybody thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy Was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios Hysterical. Follow Hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.