
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey. everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am loving called Cava. It's Hands down. the best thing that I found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, it's got superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics. In other words, everything. Your body crepes to feel your best. It's creamy, it's smooth, and it comes together with just water. It also comes in five delicious flavors. I've tried literally every single one of them personally. Vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors, and sometimes I like to combine them to have a vanilla chai. But there's also chocolate matcha and coconut acai, if that's your thing. Big fan of the coconut acai. I like to drink ka Cava in the morning because then I know I got all my nutrients right at the top of my day and I just feel satiated, happy, energized to go about my day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A V A dot com slash Morbid.


It can be tough working out in the summer. It's hot. You don't wanna go outside, you don't even wanna go outside to go to the gym. You're like, Nope. I wanna stay in my house where the AC is. And you know what you can do? You can get on your Peloton and the AC can be on, and you don't ever have to leave the house. That's my kinda workout. With Peloton, you can move at your own pace. Peloton makes the process easier with personalized recommendations and guided programs that take the guesswork out of working out. So you can just jump right in. Keeping your fitness journey fresh every day. You can pay at your own pace too. Peloton has a variety of convenient financing options. Get a headstart on summer with Peloton and choose a flexible payment plan that works for you at one peloton.com/financing.


Hey, weirdos, I am a and I'm Elena. And this right here is Morbid. This is Morbid. It's a podcast and you listen to it. It's crime and it's creepy and it's stark and it's weird and it's spooky. And I just saw a picture of a jacko lantern on my Instagram and it made me happy. That's spooky.


Speak at a spooky jack lanterns. Oh, only a few more weekends until fall. Everybody, more than a few, but so many people listening are like, shut the fuck up, Elena. To that. I say, no, never. I'm excited about fall. I'm excited about fall. Summer's almost over everyone. Not true. Still almost a wrap. Not true. We're almost through. We just started actually. Time can move forward for a little while. What go like quicker than normal? I meant honestly, time's always out here doing time will always move forward for a little while. You're like, what? Are you okay over there?


I was like, what's happening? And? I said, no, I'm excited again. Said, no, I'm excited for spooky season. I wanna go to a farm. I want to pick some jacko lanterns. I wanna carve said jacko lanterns, because that's when they become jacko lanterns. Before that, they're just pumpkins. That's the I'm excited. I wanna bake. I want, I wanna bake false shit so bad. My fall pots and pans, and I wanna bake false soups. I'm just like, really? I love this season. And guys, I know it's summer and it literally just started, but that means it's almost over. Who cares? So I, I'm ready. Also, I feel don don't like summer clothes. I don't like summer. No hotness. Here's the thing, everybody, there's not summer clothes.


No, they're stupid. You heard it here first. I don't like summer. There's not even real summer clothes. Yeah, it just don don't like shorts. Especially if you're a bodacious. Batty bodacious. Batty I. don. If you're a bodacious, batty. Summer is the clothing is just, I mean, yeah. Or if you're a pale ass bitch, like be like if your legs can blind, whole armies of people. I'm both of those things. And then it's like there's nothing for us. A B, a bodacious. Pale ass batty. There you go. God. God, God. What a what a prey. What a prey is, right. don? Don't know what's happening. We've been recording a lot. I'm recording a lot.


Getting, I was getting silly goofy. We are. I was gonna say something. You were, you were gonna talk about the donations then wasn. Yeah. That is it actually. then wasn a then wasn a really cool thing. This is a really cool thing. So don don't know if you guys remember when I covered then wasn a really, really sad story. Then wasn, the murders of Joel and Lisa Guy. They were murdered by their son and their, their dog was there when it happened. And luckily the young Williams animal shelter in Knoxville, Tennessee was able to like take the, the puppy in until, until like family could come get him. And in their obituaries, they asked, like the family asked for people to make donations in Lisa and Joel's name to this animal shelter, the Young Williams Animal shelter.


And I mentioned that on the episode. And then wasn, then wasn, like back in 2022. Yeah. And they have received close to $7,000 in donations because of you guys that that's like, you guys went hard. Almost $7,000. I, you guys killed it. So good job. If you're able to continue, go ahead and donate to the Young Williams Animal shelter. Continue to, and if you're, if you're going to do it, definitely do it in Lisa and Joel guy's name. Yeah. And that's how they know they've gotten that many donations in their name. Like since, since that date. The episode. And they said countless animals have been saved. Yeah. They said like, yeah. That's so cool guys. I know. Keep doing that. Like, that's really cool.


I know this was then wasn a bright spot. then wasn a really fun email to receive today. Yeah. then wasn such a little bright spot and all was the then wasn happy. The shadiness of the world. Yeah. So then wasn, then wasn. Really nice. And good job guys. Good job you guys. Party. Party. Save animals out here. Oh, love it. Because animals most of the time are better than humans. So I would say sometimes keep 'em happy, man. I would say good track record animals. Good track record animals. You sounded like a Bob's Burgers character. Oh, I love Bob and I love Bob's burgers at Tina. I love it. At Tina Belcher. At Tina Belcher. I'm more of a Louise.


Yeah. I don't know who you are. And you're Bob. I'm Bob. You're absolutely Bob. Yeah. I was like, I don't know. Oh, nope. I do like, Nope. Got it. It hit me. All right. Oh, and Mikey is Jean. Okay. Anyways, so do you watch Bob Burgers? No. You're Gene. He's a little brother. I love, he's like, no. And you're like, you're, you're Gene. He's like, then wasn helpful. Thank you. You bet, Shep. Alright. We should probably podcast about, we probably should podcasting things, but you know it, it happens sometimes. I got an old timey one for you today. Oh my God. It's sad. Oh, okay.


then wasn just like, it's sad. It's sad. I'm like, oh man, let me bring it down. Yeah, we gotta bring it down. And also interesting that you brought up Halloween. It happens on Halloween. Oh yeah. That is interesting. Right? Since Halloween is so close. Exactly. Alright, so we're gonna be talking about Bessie Darling today. Bessie Warren, before she became Bessie Darling was born on August 4th, 1885 in Baltimore, Maryland. She was the oldest child to John and Fannie Warren. Oh, John and Fannie forever. John was a grocer and Fannie was a homemaker. Oh, I love them. There aren't really like a lot of records that give insight into Bessie's life before purchasing the Valley View Hotel, which is like a big thing that she does in her life.


Yeah. But there are some historical facts that give us a couple of details. Like many families in Baltimore's 15th Ward, the Warrens were a lower middle class family of German descent. They didn't really come from a lot, but John Warren owned the family's house with a free title quote unquote, which is like, that's so like John Warren, it's a big deal. Good for him. I know. And he owned and operated his own grocery business, which gave the Warrens way more stability than other families would've had at the time. So good for them. They didn't have a lot, but what they did have was keeping them afloat. Hell yeah. That's safe to assume that Bessie's early life was similar to most children in the late 19th century. Since she was the oldest of four children, it's very likely she would've helped her mom with domestic responsibilities around the house taking care of the younger ones.


Yeah. She had one younger brother and two younger sisters. And in addition to her chores at home, she also attended school at least through the eighth grade as records show. But by 1920, she was employed as a teacher. So it's pretty fair to assume that she got education beyond what that documentation implies. In 1902, she married Charles Howard Darling. He was known to his friends and family as Howard. Howard. So many people went by their middle names back then. I know perfectly nice name Charles I know. And he's like, nah, I know. In fact, like nothing's wrong with the name Howard. No, but I prefer Charles. Yeah, yeah. don don't know. But his family owned a large commercial bakery in Baltimore. Yum. Ooh. Two years later, November of 1904, Beth Bessie gave birth to the couples only child, Charles Jr.


Who was known to his friends and family by his middle name also Wesley. What is wrong with the name Charles? Everybody I don't know. Don't know. But Wesley is adorable. I like the name Wesley. Yeah. Yeah. For the first few years of Wesley, AKA Charles Jr's life, the bakery enjoyed continued success and the family was doing pretty well financially. But in 1907, Howard lost the bakery due to a quote, mismanagement of resources. Oh. Which also meant several steps down on the social ladder as he went from business owner to a clerk and somebody else's business. So they, they took a pretty big fall during this. Yeah. And the loss of the family bakery appears to have been a bigger trigger point for tension in the darling's marriage.


And in 1917 they actually ended up divorcing. Mm. Yeah. That's sad. Yeah, it is sad. Seems like then wasn like a quick like boop, boop, boop. Yeah. then wasn then wasn really quickly, then wasn just like, yeah. Yeah. Well, before they had divorced around 1914, Bessy had taken a job as a secretary for Baltimore conductor, Joseph Posh, in order to help hi help support the family. So she was able to support herself and her son after the divorce because she kind of already had this like side gig. And the work not only allowed her to support herself as a single mother, but it also afforded her a degree of like social cachet that she definitely wouldn't have had if it weren't for her association with the posh and Baltimore Oratorio Society.


then wasn a musical conservatory headed by posh himself. Oh, okay. Yeah. According to Casey Clay Bessie's association with Posh and the orchestra lasted until his death in 1926. And it would have a huge influence on how she was perceived by her rural neighbors later in life. 'cause she was, even though she had like kind of that like fall from like her place in society, she never really had like a super high place. Yeah. But she, her family was making money. She married a man who was like owned his own business. They were doing well and then it all kind of, and then she kind of fell, but then she had the connection so she didn't fall all the way down the ladder kind of thing. Yeah. She was able to hang on. Yes. then wasn Bessie's relationship with Joseph Pash actually, that ultimately led to her purchasing Valley View Manor in November of 1917.


Ah. So since the early part of the 20th century, there was a state and federal emphasis on building up like these rural areas to accommodate the unsustainably large populations and urban areas, specifically on the east coast. Okay. So in Maryland, the expansion of the Western Maryland railroad had reached Catoctin. I looked up how to say that mountain, that region by the end of the 19th century. So it made a once remote area, a lot more easily accessible to people who were looking to travel. Okay. Initially the plan was to develop the area into like a robust industrial production center. But by the late 18 hundreds, the area's largest employer that could talk to furnace company had shut down.


And that discouraged other businesses from moving to the area. Ah. 'cause they were like, why would I bring my business there if it's gonna fail? And it's like, don don't know. Be a trailblazer. Be a trailblazer. You know, I know. Just 'cause they failed doesn't mean you will try, try, try again. I know that's not the point of this, but I'm just saying be a trailblazer. I agree with you. You can do it. You can. We believe in faith in you. But the collapse of the area's Industrial manufacturing center was a big setback for this. Like small, rural, I can never say rural, rural, juror rural community. Yeah. But it coincided with a rise in tourism across the United States. then wasn Like one bad thing, one good thing. Mm.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. And let me tell you something. I just listened to the guest list by Lucy Foley and my favorite part about the listening experience was that each character was narrated by a different voice actor. So then wasn really fully immersive, then wasn really cool. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


You guys, I was just in DC during the record heatwave that they had. And let me tell you, the amount of Liquid IV that I went through was absolutely cuckoo nuts, bananas, but then wasn also absolutely delicious because Liquid IV has refreshing summer flavors like Popsicle Firecracker and Rainbow Sherbert that absolutely hit the spot when you need transformative hydrating relief all summer long. And I also felt patriotic as I was having the Popsicle firecracker one because red, white, and blue. Hello. I absolutely love Liquid iv. It is so delicious. It's also so easy just to whip right outta your purse, tear off the little thing, pour it into your water bottle, shake it up, and just pour the hydration right in your face. It's awesome. You can cool off your summer with the reimagined flavors of iconic treats. Like I just said. Rainbow Sherbert and Popsicle firecracker. Or make one of your own Liquid IV popsicles. That is such a good idea. Tear poor. Live more. One stick in 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. Indulge in hydration this summer with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Morbid at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code Morbid at liquid iv.com.


Starting in the last part of the 19th century, America's newly formed middle class was very much encouraged by the government to invest some of their disposable income in recreational travel. Oh. Particularly to the growing number of national parks that the government had started establishing. They said, go on vacation girls. Go girls see the girls, the everybody. Just do your thing. You know what you should do? You should commit tourism. Commit tourism. That's what you do. It's a crime. It's It should be though. 'cause it's so fun. So dang fun. Yeah. A disposable income toward that. They're like, what? So like what? You guys are right. It's disposable. No.


So seeing an opportunity in this new national trend of tourism, tourism, Western Maryland Railroad President John Hood pivoted, pivoted away from the industrial plan that he had for the OCT Mountains and started investing heavily in promoting the area as this premier destination for tourism. I just picture him on like a billboard being like, you come to my place that I have come to this place, you know, and do some things. Exactly. And the place he wanted people to come was Penmar. He built it in 1877, then wasn a large resort in the mountains near the Pennsylvania border, and within a few years, the entire tourism industry had developed around it.


So then wasn like this really cool place to go. There was more than a hundred hotels, countless boarding houses, dance halls, gaming parlors. Oh, and observation towers. Oh, you can look at the STAs, you can observe them. Oh yes. Some Galileo shit. Precisely. Yeah. So basically they're just building up this area and more and more people are flocking to it. Yeah. And there's more shit to do. Making it cool, cool to hang out there. Yeah. It's giving like Dave and Busters, you know, that's exactly what it's giving. That's what I thought of. Absolutely. Tourism. So giving Dave and Busters I know, after her divorce from Howard in 1917, Bessie bought Mount Lent, which was then named for former owner Mary Lent.


And she bought this with financial help from that guy Posh who was with the music. Oh, look at that guy. I thought she bought her own mountain for a second and I was like, she's really moving up in the world. That would've been I iconic. That would've been pretty iconic. It's, but this is still cool. It's still iconic. Yeah. What she does. But Posh helped her provide the down payment on the 36 a acre property in Deerfield. Lent was one of the first public health nurses in the country. And she had come to Deerfield in 1907 when the Maryland Tuber Sanatorium opened, Ooh. About 20 miles away from her property by train. She retired about 10 years later, and that's when she sold the property to Bessie, who opened Valley View Manor, which was a boarding house that she ran in the summer month.


Sally View. Manor Valley. View Manor. I want to go to there. Mm. When the weather got cold in the fall, Bessie would go back to Baltimore. But she spent all summer in a lot of the spring pretty much just working at Valley View Manor. Hell yeah. According to one report, once she was back in Baltimore, Bessie quote used her considerable social context to drum up summer business for her hotel. We love a networking queen. I'm saying now the three story, 12 Room Valley View Manor opened to the public in 1918 with a staff of just two. Whoa. Two Bessie cooked the meals, she entertained the guest. She also provided transportation. All of that, while a seasonal worker acted as a maiden housekeeper.


Damn. Just two chicas. That's a lot of work. Running a three story, 12 room manner. Damn. So the boarding house initially was successful, but the area experienced a pretty big economic downturn during the first World War. Obviously people weren't spending a lot of extra money. Not great. They didn't have a lot of extra money. Yeah. And Bessie actually almost lost the property two times for failure to pay her property taxes. Oh wow. 'cause it sounds like she just wasn't bringing in enough to pay for it. Yeah. She faced yet another hardship in 1921 when a visitor sued Darling and Posh for $15,000. About $250,000 today after a bridge in the Manor's driveway collapsed beneath him.


Damn. Yeah. Records do indicate that after the lawsuit was resolved, pash actually had nothing to do with Valley View Manor anymore. Whoa. But I think on paper it still belonged to him. Yeah. So during the summer season of 1929, a man named George Schultz checked in as a guest at Valley View Manor, and he and Bessie really hit it off. Oh. But like Bessie, there's not a lot that's known about George or his life prior to his relationship with Bessie beginning in 1929. But what we do know is that he was also born in Baltimore, just like Bessie. He was born about 1871, and he spent most of his life in Baltimore.


Most reports about this case refer to him as an inspector for the Baltimore Health Department. He did hold that position for nearly 16 years, but he was said to be fired from that job in August of 1916. Ooh. And then wasn kind of a big deal because that year he told a reporter, I went to see my supervisor and I asked if I was being dismissed for inefficiency or politics. Oh, he frankly told me then wasn politics. Oh, the plot thickens. It does. George claimed that his friendship and support for local Baltimore politician, for Frank Kelly was the reason for his being fired. Oh, that's, and this explanation was probably accurate because Danny Loden, who was a leader of the local chapter of the KKK Oh, had been making a major push to force all the progressive politicians like Kelly out of Baltimore politics growth according to the Baltimore, Evening Sun.


Just days before Schultz was fired, Loden was known to have had a long conference with Dr. John Blake, the head of the Department of Health quote, at which several places in the department are said to have been discussed. Oh my. So he just went in there and was like, I don't like this politician. Anybody who has connections with him, get rid of them or like transfer them outta there of all of this. Yeah. Like this is so dork sided. It's, it is dork, sinister by, and it's clear that the reason for George's chains of position was political, but technically he wasn't fired. He kinda like took it as being fired. Yeah. But he ended up being transferred from his position with the Baltimore Health Department to a new role as an inspector for the state health department.


Okay. So you kinda just like got switched around. Yeah. It's almost like a lateral move. Yeah. But it's still fucked up and especially it's still like, why did I get moved? Yeah. And especially when, you know why like Yeah. That it has to do with politics. You're like, so it has nothing to do with my quality of work. Yeah. Like that should be not cool, man. Not cool. Not cool. That's a scary mask bra. It is. So the emphasis on George's employment first in Baltimore then with the state might've just been the result of journalists not really knowing much else about him at the time. So they were like, this sounds good. They were like, Hey, this is a little bit, yeah. Scandalous. But so they didn't really know a lot about him at the time that the murder that we're gonna talk about took place. But it's also possible that class and social status kind of heavily influenced the press at the time.


It seems like the perspective of the locals in the Deerfield area was that Bessy and George were outsiders, and one of the ways that status was signaled and reinforced was through the repeated references to their economic ties to Baltimore. That makes sense. Yeah. According to one local history report, most of the women who ran boarding houses were the wives of local farmers. But Darling was from Baltimore and thus appeared somewhat exotic and sophisticated to local residents, exotic and sophisticated. She's not married to a farmer that's exotic and sophisticated. If you're not married to a farmer, it's like, who is she? That Girl.


She's from Baltimore. She's beauty and she's Grace, and she's not married To a farmer. Like damn. Her social ties to Baltimore and her interest in entertaining her guests was a pretty frequent topic of discussion in Deer Deerfield, particularly as the area was hit by the Great Depression and discouraged residents were eager for any gossip. then wasn gonna distract from the recession. I don't blame 'em. I don't either. The Great Depression as the name kinda signals was probably very depressing. And it's like, yeah, you gotta have some tea. Yeah. You need something to hold onto. Yeah, I have some tea. But Bessie's social life was not the only thing that interested the locals. As soon as George Schultz entered the picture, he too became a source of gossip and rumor.


Ooh. According to one thermo resident, Schultz was a heavy drinker and would often cause a scene in public. On one occasion, Bessie and George got into an argument in front of the post office, which eventually escalated to the point that George assaulted Bessie. Oh yeah. Out in like at all, but also out, out in the open in front of the post office. Jesus. In later news reports, the press indicated that other residents around town remembered witnessing similarly abusive situations. Oh, that's awful. So it wasn't like you just did this one time. This was something that This was, yeah, this was like a regular occurrence. Yeah. But because a lot of the information relating to Bessy and George's relationship is based on a lot of speculation, gossip, and rumor and all of that gossip, speculation, and rumor was kind of entered into the historical record after a murder.


It's a little difficult to separate truth from fiction. Slightly tainted. Yeah. Slightly tainted. Yeah. But the reports of him being drunk in public on numerous occasions and his brandishing a gun on several of those occasions, and his being verbally and physically abusive toward Bessie does suggest that the relationship wasn't very stable or very good. At the very least I would say it suggests that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's very concerning. Even though like maybe some things were embellished a little bit. Yeah. They didn't come out of nowhere though, where there's smoke, there's fire. Exactly. Yeah. Like they, it's not like they were just like, wow, he's such a sweet, kind man and never does anything. And somebody was like, I saw him whip out a gun and try to shoot her.


It's like, no, it doesn't go from there to there. Yeah. No. It's like there was something in between. Exactly. So Bessy and George carried on their relationship for almost four years, from 1929 to 1933. I almost spent a long four years, but it's actually a little bit unclear how much of that time was really spent together because from the moment she purchased the property, Bessie, like I said, she spent her spring and summer months at Valley View and Deerfield, but then she'd go to Baltimore for a fall and winter. And although George met Bessie while he was staying at Valley View, he was also from Baltimore. So it's, nobody really knows if their relationship was only ongoing when they were in the same place at the same time, or if they actually went back to Baltimore together during the off season.


That's interesting. Just because of the time, I think. Yeah. Don't know. There's just not a lot of record of them. Yeah. Like they couldn't check in on Facebook E. Exactly. So nobody knows if you can't do that, nobody knows what's going on. That's the thing. Yeah.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with Kids activities, big work projects and more, it's really easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it, but when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are even more important than ever. Personally, I believe so much in therapy. If I have like two weeks without therapy, I just actually had two weeks without therapy 'cause I was on vacation and then my therapist was on vacation. I notice a difference in the way that I am operating, and boy do I operate better when I just have a little me time to chat with my therapist about what's going on in my life. So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy Day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


Okay. Real talk. We've all been there feeling like we're burning cash with those rent checks. It's frustrating, right? But here's the deal. Built Rewards has figured out a way to make Rent more rewarding. Say goodbye to the Money Bonfire and Hello to a Renter's Revolution with Built, built is Breaking Ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or a hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points toward a future rent payment or toward a future down payment on a home pay rent hassle-free through the Built Rewards app, your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guys and Bankrate earn points by paying rent right now. When you go to join built.com/ Morbid, that's J-O-I-N-B-I lt.com/ Morbid. Make sure to use our u rl so they know we sent you join built.com/ Morbid to start earnIn points with your rent payments today.


Now, whatever the structure of their relationship. By the summer of 1933, Bessie had grown pretty tired of George and was pretty done tolerating his abuse. Yeah. So she is like, you know what, I think I'm done here. I'm good. Like nice knowing you. Not really. And she broke off the relationship as if to emphasize the finality of her decision. She decided that that winter she was gonna actually stay at Valley View rather than return to Baltimore and probably risk crossing paths with George. Yeah. So to make matters worse, at least from George's perspective, after ending their relationship, Bessie had been seen around town in the company of one Charles Wolf, a widower from nearby Foxville. A Charles who goes by Charles.


Exactly. Yeah. She has a thing for Charles. According to one article published in the Catoctin banner in 1978, George's murderous jealousy was triggered by Bessy accepting Wolf's invitation to the local Halloween parade. Oh no. Could just be gossip and rumor, but who's to say? Who's to say So unable to accept Bessie's rejection? George became irrationally jealous and angry and didn't really try to hide either of those feelings even when he was in public. Awesome. On one occasion, about a week before a murder, before the murder, excuse me, he was overheard by Maisie Willard, who was the made up valley view, angrily telling Bessie he would quote unquote, get her for her decision to end things.


Oh. Now, on Halloween morning, 1933, just two days after the last guest had checked out a valley view, George boarded a train in Baltimore bound for Deerfield. During his later trial, the train conductor, Irvin Entz, I think it is, testified that when George boarded the train that morning, he showed his health department badgeing gun and said there probably will be a shooting match there this morning. Oh, that's economists. Yeah. And according to the same conductor George was drinking, but not drunk. Okay. But literally is like, here's my gun. There might be some shooting later just putting it out there. Just saying. Yeah.


Foreshadowing. Now, once he reached the station in Mont, George caught a ride in the direction of Deerfield from Clarence Lied, who was both the local mail carrier and the taxi operator. Oh, I love when it's like the dual Yeah. Jobs around town, or like small town. Like I do the mail and I drive everybody around. Yeah. Like 18 hundreds of it all is, and like early 19 hundreds is always like, I am the local surgeon. I am also the pet groomer and the mailman and the teacher like I know I do it all. How do I do it? I gotta change my hat. Yeah. Now lied also testified that George appeared to have been drinking, but he also didn't think the man was drunk, just agitated. According to Lied. Once they were about a half a mile from Valley View, George took his pistol from his jacket and said, I better get ready.


We might run into some bad actors around here. Oh, other reports quote him as having said he didn't know what he might run into. So okay. He's just showing his gun to everybody and being like, I might need to use this. Yeah. Like, what the fuck? Yeah. And his initial statement to the police lied, also stated throughout the drive from the train station, George quote questioned him about several people, including Mrs, Darling and Charles Wolf. Hmm. So he was like, oh, are they together? Interesting. Now, later during her testimony, the maid, Maisie Willard recalled that morning as being very serene. She said she and bestie just worked alongside one another. They were closing sections of the house that wouldn't be in use until the next tourist season.


She said the leaves were beautiful that fall, the patas were blooming in the yard, and we had gathered bunches of leaves to put all throughout the house. Aw. She had been preparing breakfast on the first floor when she heard a knock at the door, a little past seven 30 that morning when she opened it, she was confronted by George Schultz, who demanded to see Bessie immediately before Maisie could say anything, Schultz literally just pushed right past her into the house and started going up the stairs that led to Bessie's bedroom. Oh no. Now this is the point where the details kind of vary depending on where you read the story and the more objective account of what happened that appeared in the papers outside of the Catoctin Mountain area.


And this account is actually informed by Maisie's statement to the police. Okay. When George got to the second floor of the house, he found that the door to Bessie's bedroom was locked. So he broke the door down in order to get inside. Oh, that's horrifying. And once he made it through the door, he raised his pistol and fired one round into Bessie's chest, severing an artery and killing her instantly. Oh. After killing Bessie, he held Maisie at gunpoint for an hour before sending her out of the house to go get the authorities. Holy shit. And when she came back with police, he was lying at the top of the stairs, bleeding from a self-inflicted gunshot wound I knew to his chest.


Wow. Yeah. Now, in the more sensational version of the story, which was the one circulated by locals, George Schultz snuck into the home through the back door and demanded to be led to Bessie. Once Maisie led him to the top of the stairs, George entered Bessie's room and locked the door behind him, making him the only witness to this version of events. Ah. Now, according to George, so he doesn't die. Oh. Once she saw him lock the door behind him, Bessy quote, had her own pistol nearby and made a mad garb for her gun, fearing that she'd kill him. He claimed he fired in self-defense hitting Bessie in the chest and nearly killing her.


After shooting Bessie, he said he emerged from the room and demanded that Maisie make him a cup of coffee. Then, as he what? Disrobed in front of the terrified girl, what he tossed her, the engagement ring that Bussy had recently returned to him upon their breakup and said, you can have that to remember her by, and then he sent Maisie to go get the police and said, when you come back, you'll find the two of us dead. Damn. So like part of that story is informed by George. It's pretty his account. And then part of it is very sensational, embellished and sensationalized upon by just like spreading it very spread to the local rumor mill. Yeah. Like, I don't know about the engagement ring and him disrobing or anything like that.


I know, like it could have happened, but there's nothing to substantiate that, to confirm that. But his, his whole thing of like, she pulled the gun on me and that's why I fired. He did say that. Yeah. Now the differences in the two versions of the story are, they might seem kind of small and the insignificant, but they do speak to the fundamental differences in how Bessie and George were perceived by year round residents in the area versus in Baltimore. Yeah. Because in Baltimore then wasn a very simple case of domestic violence brought to a terribly sad conclusion. Yeah. But the local account of the story is scandalous dramatic. George sneaks into the house. Oh yeah. Two lovers are pointing guns at one another, yada, yada.


You get naked and ask for a cup of coffee afterwards, like Exactly. Yeah. It, it gets to be a lot. But back to the facts, Maisie did end up running down the mountain to the nearest phone and called Sheriff Charles Crumb, who immediately drove out to the hotel. And when he arrived at Valley View, he found all the doors locked and actually had to force his way into the house through the basement. And once he made his way upstairs, he found Bessie dead on the floor of her bedroom, just wearing only her nightgown. Oh, that's so sad. Just I know. Just outside the room. On the landing at the top of the store, the stairs was George Schultz bleeding from a hole in his chest. So Crumb sent for the local physician, Dr. Morris Bley, who did his best to stabilize Schultz.


And then the two men transported him to the hospital, a nearby Frederick about 10 miles away. Wow. So he shot himself in the chest, and then it took a while for the police to even get there, and then they have to stabilize him and drive him 10 miles away. Yeah. And this is like, this isn't like you're getting in like a, a fucking Tesla and going flying down the highway. Yeah. Or even like an ambulance, you know, it's like you are in you're horse and bugging it. It's basically, you know what I what I mean? Like you're going very slow. Yeah. So when Schultz arrived at the hospital, obviously he was in critical condition. The bullet had entered his chest and traveled downward quote. And this is a quote, lodging in the kidney region. Ooh. Yeah.


Also real quick, I know it's not a horse and buggy. I was saying then wasn like a, you know, a silly laugh. Ha ha. Just making sure. No, I got that too. And nightmare. Everybody else did too. Yeah. They told me. They told me. Yeah. So fortunately though, after a lengthy surgery, the medical staff was able to remove the bullet and save his life ensuring that he would stand trial Wow. For the murder. Which is crazy that especially after like it hitting like lodging in the kidney. Yeah. Eek. That's shocking. It's also like, how are you doing? Yeah. Not well, bitch. No. Now, the next day, November 1st, an autopsy was performed by Dr. Edward Thomas with assistance from Dr. Burley, and they concluded that Bessie had most likely been lying down in bed when she was shot.


Oh. And the bullet killed her almost instantly. Interesting. Now, given that they also had a statement from Maisie Willard describing what had happened, which supported the physical evidence gleaned from the autopsy, a coroner's inquest was deemed unnecessary. Yeah. While George was recovering from surgery at Frederick Hospital, rum and state's attorney Walter sin took his formal statement, and in this statement, he did confess to shooting Bussy, telling the men that after their breakup, he was unable to accept her decision and had become extremely, quote unquote jealous of a farmer living near Deerfield. And he believed that Bessie had started a new relationship with that farmer. Wow. So investigators Spar spoke with Charles Wolf, the man that George believed was dating Bessie, and he denied any romantic relationship telling the detective quote, he knew Mrs Darling only as a neighbor, and Schultz had no reason to be jealous.


Wow. So this was all just rumor in his head and in his head. Totally in his head. Like people maybe were like, oh, I saw Bessie talking to Charles. Yeah. But then wasn like a very like acquaintance type of relationship. That's also a good lesson of how talking sh unsubstantiated shit is not good. It's dangerous and can ruin a person's life. Like you could like, like talk tea with your friends. Yeah, for sure. Totally. Like when it gets serious like that, shut up. Yeah. Just quiet, quiet down. Yeah. Just the fact that he then wasn like, yeah. He had no reason to be jealous. Like, I knew her as a neighbor. Like, and like not one person. Like he never thought to just like ask him.


Nope. He just went and, and he would've heard that like, you have no reason to be jealous. Like very, and he did platonic, he didn't even ask Bessie, he didn't give her a chance at all. He's that he didn't ask anybody walked in her room and shot her. Yeah. He didn't ask Bessy, he didn't ask Charles. Both of them probably would've been like, well, yeah, we're just friends. We literally just know like we're barely friends. Yeah. We know each other as neighbors. Yeah. Wow. We weren't even going to the Halloween parade together. Damn. Now, by early December, j George Schultz had recovered from his bullet wound and would be facing murder charges.


At the same time, he also changed his story from his initial statement where he was jealous and that Yeah. Because the, the official statement he gave was just that he was jealous and that's why he killed her. But this is when he started saying that he shot her in self-defense. Ah, he claimed, he quote, knew Mrs Darling for four years and boarded at her home that day. He entered her hotel on October 31st, and when she threatened to shoot him, he shot in self-defense. He also claimed that after he shot Bessie, he quote, became highly nervous and used his own weapon on his cell, on himself, firing one shot into his chest, which then rendered him unconscious. Wow. So after his initial statement of like, we dated, I really loved her, I got jealous.


I heard this whole rumor and I couldn't handle it. Yeah. So I killed her. Now he just has stayed at her boarding. I've known for years, barely. I stayed at her boarding house. I know her as like, you know, the landlord. I walked in on Halloween, she said she was gonna shoot me. Yeah. So I'd shot her. Yeah. It's like, what? It's like you are really going with that. What, and the evidence strongly indicated that things simply couldn't have happened this way. No. Most importantly then wasn believed that after pushing his way into the house and up the stairs, he shot Bessie, like I said, immediately after entering the, entering the room, which meant she likely wouldn't have had any time to threaten him. Yeah. So on February 27th, 1934, a grand jury in indicted George Schultz for Bessie's murder, and a few days later he was arraigned in Frederick Circuit Court on a charge of first degree murder.


The trial began on March 12th, and the prosecutor Walson laid out a pretty simple case for the jury. He said George Schultz and Bessie Darling were in a romantic relationship for a number of years. And when she called it off, he got pissed and vowed to get his revenge, ultimately shooting her to death on October 31st. then wasn his belief that when the, that the crime was premeditated based on reports of George having made threats against Bessie in the days before the murder. 'cause remember he said, I'll get you for this. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah. He was running his mouth and to support his case sin called a total of 26 witnesses. Wow. Yeah. Among them were the two men who reported seeing Schultz on the morning of the shooting and testified that it seemed as though he had been drinking.


And of course, both said that he showed them his pistol and made pretty vague references about possibly using it later that day. And the state's star witness, Maisie Willard also testified that day providing a very detailed account of what she had witnessed and experienced. Yeah. George Schultz entered a plea of not guilty and the defense quote went with a try prong approach of self-defense, crime of passion and reasonable doubt. Yeah. We're just gonna throw it all at the wall and see what sticks. Yeah. It's pasta. Yeah. Sticking with the second story that he'd given investigators, George claimed he'd gone to confront Bessie out of the jealousy he was feeling and had broken into the bedroom believing that he would find her with another man's like, really?


You killed her? Now you just need to paint her like this. Just stop. And also, even if you did, she could have been 'cause she broke up with you. Yeah. She's single wants she can do whatever she wants, whatever she wants. Now, he said when she pointed her gun at him, he fired first in self-defense. Bessie did own a gun and then wasn found in the room with her. But when then wasn found the safety was still on and it wasn't in her hand. So how would she Yeah, no. So since there was no denying that he shot her, George's defense team's goal was to create enough reasonable doubt and convince a jury that then wasn a crime of passion committed by an otherwise sane and very rational man. Oh yeah. Okay. In order to cast himself as an upstanding citizen, George made a number of strange and unverified claims on the witness stand.


These got wild. He told the jury that he was a deputy sheriff, a veteran of the great war and a major league baseball player. Oh. Because that I instills stress. Impressive. Like what? Very impressive the state's star witness and one of the only eyewitnesses by contrast was a teenage girl. They said with no credibility. And then wasn Maisie. Yeah. It's like, meanwhile it don don't know. Everything she's saying is supported by actual evidence, but Okay. Like a teenage girl makes it, makes it that she's not credible. Really? Yeah. She's just a teenage because she's a teenage girl. Cool. Yeah. Now, the next day, the jury deliberated for one hour before returning a verdict.


Although they didn't believe that the crime had been a premeditated deliberate act, they also didn't believe that George had shot Bessie in self-defense. So ultimately they found Mr. George Schultz guilty of second degree murder. Okay. Judge Hammond earner wasted no time on passing the sentence and immediately sentenced Schultz to 18 years in prison. He said the jury's verdict indicated that it rejected the self-defense theory. We think it's justified that the court has no doubt he returned to carry out his threat. When the sentence was read in the courtroom, George cried out, I didn't intend to shoot. I loved her too dearly. It's like, but you did. I don't know about that. You shot her in the chest and killed her instantly. You came with a gun and told people all the told people way that you were gonna be using it.


Yeah. You called the the town crier to go run out to the town square and tell everybody Exactly. Like, come on that afternoon, sheriff Crume transported Schultz to the state penitentiary in Baltimore where he began serving his sentence. Now with Joseph Pass, having died many years earlier, he was the one who helped Bessie by the Valley View Manor ownership of Valley View Manor defaulted to his heirs in Germany because he was passed away at this point. Oh. And she's passed away and he, I think he provided actually all of the down payment. Wow. So then wasn technically his property. Oh man. But they were unable it. They were either unable or uninterested in claiming it.


Claiming it. So the property was foreclosed on by the bank in 1934. Oh damn. But Bessie's son, Wesley purchased the property back from the bank for $3,000 and immediately signed it over to his grandparents, John and Fannie Warren. And they ran the hotel until John died the next year. Aw. So they like really tried to keep it in the family. Yeah, I was gonna say they like ran it in her honor, but not interested in running the hotel without her husband. Fannie signed the property over to the state in 1936. Aw. And it became included, included in what is now the Catoctin recreational demonstration area. It's a part of the National Park system. Wow. Yeah. Interesting. Huh?


That's crazy. Now, in March of 1940, j George Schultz then 70 years old, applied, applied for parole, but he was denied. Whoa. And a few months later, then Governor Herbert O'Connor announced his administration would be implementing a new and more humane parole system in which the governor would play an active role in determining who was going to be paroled. Oh my. Among the cases on his agenda was that of the elderly George Schultz. But after reviewing the cases, he was again denied. Whoa. O'Connor said upon you see that coming. Right. And he said, upon my first consideration of the matters, I could not see my way clear to Grant paroles in these cases. Whoa. Schultz was denied parole one more time before finally winning release in February of 1943 after serving nine years of his 18 year sentence.


Nine years only served nine years. Come on. But he died just one year later from unspecified causes. Whoa. Unspecified I know. Whoa. And that is the Halloween murder of Bessie Darling. Aw. Poor Bessie I know. And she just seemed like she was a trailblazer. She was. And she wasn't doing anything wrong. No, she and she just broke up with him. She broke up with him after he sounded like he was pretty fucking abusive. Yeah. He's being abusive. It just sounds like she had a lot off for the world. Hell yeah. And she like stepping out do like taking charge of shit. Yeah. Like good for Bessy. She didn't come from much and she used her connections to try to Yeah. Make her life better. And I'm telling Google Bessie Darling because she's an icon.


She is an icon. Like take a peek at her and she's awesome. Yeah. She's gorgeous. She's just fabulous. Yeah. It's really sad that it is. then wasn just like such a senseless killing. It really was. But wow. An interesting case. Very interesting. Interesting old timey case. You know? We love it. Yeah. So, but that's so sad. We hope you keep listening though, and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you listen to the rumor mill in town and think that your girl, who's not even your girl anymore because she broke up with you, is seeing a new man's and you get all jealous and shoot her because cool it brother cool it cool it like cool whip, like cool whip or like ice cools things be like ice.


Oh my God, I'm so tired. I hope I can read Hello. I'm exhausted. I watch too much Telly in the evening. It's the most little kid thing I've ever heard. You're like, I watch too much tv. I'm tired. Have you ever stayed Up until the early morning hours of the evening just watching your Telly? I haven't recently because I just can't. Yeah. I fall asleep too early. I, I don't have the stamina. I just didn't, I just didn't, I think I was up late with the cake the other night and then my body was like, oh, we do the, now we, this is what we do. We do. We we could just relax though. Yeah. Watch the tele.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Dan tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy New York. I was like at my locker and she came up to me and she was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I Can't. a mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's Like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, you were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios Hysterical. Follow Hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.