
Hey weirdos. Before we unleash today's s Macab Mystery, we were wondering, have you ever heard of Wondery Plus? It's like a secret passage to an ad free layer. With early access to episodes, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


We get support from Amazon Prime. Hey weirdos. You know what's literally the most amazing thing ever? Amazon Prime Listen up. 'cause this is gonna blow your minds with prime. You get faster than lightning delivery. Unlike everything we're talking millions of items. Literally everything you could ever want or need. But wait, there's more. There's more than everything you could want or need. Prime video lets you binge all those shows we're obsessed with, and Amazon Music has all the bops for your next dance party. I have been ordering a little bit on Prime lately. I had to get some earplugs the other night because my husband was a snoring, snore, snore in, And I said, please send them to me the very next day. And they did. That was great. Loved that. Whether you're a total bookworm, a gaming fanatic, or you just really like trying new things or sleeping through the night without your husband snoring, waking you up, prime's got your back. EBooks for days free in-game goodies and everything you need to make your next DIY project from streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever you are into


from the creator of Think twice. Michael Jackson. Listen to the new audible original final thoughts. Jerry Springer, once known as the king of trash tv, Springer was the notorious talk show host whose wild daytime program tr fixed audience audiences everywhere. Join Springer's personal and professional life as the rating sword and the reviews soured here revealing interviews about the choices we make and the regrets we may have. Listen to the new trashy and true audible original final thoughts, Jerry Springer by going to audible.com/springer.


Hey weirdos. I'm Bonnie Post glow up. And I am Nancy mid-low up. She's sorry. I am sorry. Oh, my mom and dad are calling me. That's 'cause you tried to call them. I said I did. I she tried to FaceTime them. I said, you're gonna give them a fucking heart attack. They're older people. We can't do that to them. This is a look, A Luke. A Luke, If you will. I've been sorry, I'm gonna mess with this with my hair. I'm sorry.


'cause this is really, this is really something I spit on my vice. Oh my God. We have Nicholas here. Oh, she says you look good. Oh, Alyssa, you the lingo. I maybe 'cause I spit on my own face. Also, if you're not watching this on YouTube and you're listening to it, don't forget these are on YouTube now. Yeah. Listener Tales are on YouTube and we dress up and today we're dressed up like people from the craft. Yeah. You don't wanna miss this. You really don't. Mostly for Elena's kitty kitty up. Get up like giddy up. Kitty up. Get up. Yeah. I even did the black eyebrows in case with, with eyeliner. You did. To color over.


You know, did you ever have like a goth phase like that? I never had this. You had like an emo phase. Like Yeah, I had an emo phase. I think in like my soft goth. So soft goth era. This I, I I never had this phase. No. When she first put the window on. I respect this phase. I just can't pull this phase off. Maybe had another life. Yeah. I think I'm made to have the hair. I have. I'm made to have the eyebrows. I have. It's because your features are so tiny. Yeah. They're like, and all of the like, like goth things are so harsh. Yeah. That it's like I can't pull it off. But you still look good in a weird, scary way. I don't know. I sent a picture to John.


He has not responded yet and he's right downstairs. So he, you gave him a heart attack, I think like he killed over. I, I think I gave him a fright. I think so. But yeah. I love Nancy. Yeah. Nancy's the best. But Nancy pulls off. Nancy, I just wanted to like, I wanted to wear a costume without wearing too much of a costume. I wanted to cheat a little bit. You nailed Bonnie. Thank you. Like that is Bonnie. So yeah, go watch the craft If you haven't watched it before. And also, this is probably really strange If you haven't watched The Craft. If you haven't watched The Craft, what are you doing? I know. How are you? Even the second one was pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, it was all right. It wasn. I I liked it better than I thought I was going to. Yeah. Anyway. First one rocks.


First one slaps. Yeah, I have, I holy. That's weird. Nicholas is honest. Oh, we're dressed like Catholic people. We're like, like we're going to Catholic school. Like Catholic squirrels, like Catholic worlds. All right. Well you know what it is, it's Listener Tales. It's brought TO you BY you. FOR you FROM you and all about you. Remember, if you're sending in a Listener Tales right now, let us know if we can use the images in your Listener Tales. Otherwise we'll call it. I'm explaining it. Nicholas, did he say what? Yeah, he said what? What? Otherwise, we're gonna pester you. And if you haven't been here before and you're just joining for this episode, welcome.


Can you imagine like If you, imagine if this is your first rodeo in here. Hello. Oop. And also that's Nicholas. He's our resident ghost that's gonna join us for Listener Tales and Spooky episodes. He was mean to me last spooky episode. So hopefully we can repair our friendship today, Nicholas. Hopefully I'd like to. I feel like you can. Alright, well, speaking of spooky things, the first Listener Tales is called Listener Tales. Read me. I'm spooky af. Witchcraft and exorcism. I'm gonna close this close. Alright, so it says, so I'm not Mack forward. Don't be Mac Forward. It's like the Andrew McMahon episode. When I was the most Mack forward a girl could possibly be. Literally, I was hiding. I was a little bit nervous.


Anyway, hi there Ash and Alina. I'm a new listener here And I just have to say, this is the most fun podcast ever. Oh, I love it. Especially today. I was gonna say thank you. Thank you for all the laughter. Even though your stories can be truly heartbreaking, you bring so much light to my otherwise boring world. I've been following you for almost a year and a half now, And I absolutely love how you deliver each story. You both make me so happy. Thank you. Oh, you make me happy. Good day To all the morbid listeners, I just want to share Good day. Good day. I just want to share my unforgettable and scary experience from when I was 14 years old and in seventh grade. Please forgive me in advance if there are any grammatic suffering. Suffering. Awesome. Please forgive me in advance if there are any grammatical errors and I'll do my very best to tell every bit of my story.


Please stick with me until the end. I promise it will be worth it. And yes, we'll stick with you. This is a 100% true to life story. I've only changed the names of the people involved, including mine. Do you believe in spirits possessing human bodies? Hell yeah. Just ask Nicholas. Yes. Or should we call it exorcism? Either way? Well, If you don't, just wait till you hear my story. My name is Jean. I'm 27 years old, originally from the Philippines and currently working in the Middle East. This is my story of encountering a real life exorcism. It all happened in 2007. We were living in the province with my two siblings and four male cousins. So that's seven kids in total. Two girls, five boys, plus our grandma and our grandpa making nine of us in the household.


Damn. I know. That's a lot of people. We lived in our grandmother's house because both of our parents had decided to work abroad. My cousins parents were also busy running a business in another town. First, let me describe our house and the environment to add more spookiness to the story. My grandpa and uncle owned a large farm lot that surrounded our house. It felt like we were right in the middle of nowhere with only two houses in the area. A bowl, maybe say he's reminded, looks like you have a bull haircut maybe. And he said suffering And I think he means how itchy this is. Wigs are because I was itching, itchy, and he was like suffering. Especially like, like Amazon wigs or this is, it's pretty cloudy outside. So he's correct. Huh?


It is. Yeah. Good job, Nicholas. Well, anyway, you'd have to walk literally 10 minutes just to reach the neighbor. Imagine a vast farm filled with animals, big trees, a river behind our house, and even a mountain. Just a five minute walk away. Are you recording? Did he say? Are you recording? Yes. Nicholas, we all are. Yes, we are. Nicholas, sorry. We should have asked your permission first. Is that okay? Nicholas? John, did he just say, John, should we just abandon Listener Tales and just listen to Nicholas? Just snap my laptop in half and run out of here. Okay, Nicholas. You know too much.


Okay, so, so remember we're in a, we're in, we're on a farm. I'm terrified. Tell him also If you get a chance, Nicholas, what about John? Alright, go ahead. Fair, fair. So you'd have to walk literally 10 minutes just to reach the next neighbor. Imagine a vast farm filled with animals, big trees, a river behind our house, and even a mountain. Just five, a five minute walk away. My a happy place. Thank you. Oh, you thought, oh, I thought, and are you ready for this? Yeah. We were right next to a cemetery. Oh, hell yeah. It's your happiest place. I love that. Yes. At night, what police? If you looked out our bedroom window, you could literally see the cemetery. Oh, I love that. My cousins And I were always traumatized by the side of it, so we never slept in that room. Instead, we all camped down in the living room because we were too scared.


Oh, our favorite thing to do every night though was tell horror stories. On weekends, we'd binge watched scary movies that end up sleeping together all terrified. Those were fun and spooky times. At night, the farm became pitch dark. There were no streetlights. Only the moon and stars lit up the narrow paths. You'd hear nothing but the occasional hoot hoot of birds or sounds from the farm animals. Hoot, hoot, hoot. Now, fast forward to when we received a call from one of our cousins who lived in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines. Our province was about a seven hour drive away from the city. We were told that our cousin Anna was very sick and the hospitals could not figure out what was wrong with her. So my grandma decided to take her in. She thought maybe Anna just needed fresh air since the city is crowded and heavily polluted.


The day finally came when Anna arrived with her older sister, and we were all shocked when we saw her. She looked so thin and pale with dark eye bags and dry lips, and her stomach also seemed unusually swollen. Anna was only 18 years old at the time, but to me, she looked much older than her actual age. Poor Anna. And then the weird stuff started happening. Her sister told us that before all of this began, Anna had a terrible fight with her stepmother. She believed that she was the victim of black magic, what we call ulam, a type of Filipino witchcraft or sorcery. Ooh, interesting. Oh, by the way, we tried to get witchcraft themed Listener Tales. Yeah. To the craft. 'cause the craft. They also believed that this was the main reason why the hospitals couldn't figure out what was wrong with Anna.


I remember she had a heart condition when she was a kid, but the doctor said it completely healed, and that was had that had nothing to do with her current state. There were days when my cousin Anna felt extremely weak and sick, especially on Tuesdays and Fridays, which are believed to be the days when black magic is added strongest. Oh, isn't that interesting? I didn't know that. She would start making strange noises. Noises at night around three or 4:00 AM the so-called witching hours. One night I woke up to the sound of her crying. She stared directly at me with heavy breathing and her eyes just looked terrifying. Even now, just remembering it gives me chills. That face did not look like my cousin Anna. At all. Two weeks after they arrived, the family finally decided to consult a full healer, what we call an aro, I think in Tagalog.


These are traditional Filipino healers who use herbal medicine in ancient rituals to heal physical or spiritual ailments. After performing the rituals, the healers did confirm that Anna was indeed a victim of ulam, a curse cast by an old woman who happened to be a relative of her stepmother. What the fuck's up with that lady? They got in a fight and she, she cursed her. Don't curse people. I know. During the ritual, it's so fucking rude. They tried to confront the Witches spirit. What I saw was something I will never forget. Anna began to move. Strangely, her body stiff, her voice completely changing. She no longer sounded like herself. She sounded like an old woman with a sharp, angry voice shouting at the healer, I'm gonna kill this girl. You can't do anything about it.


That's so spooky, fucking horrifying. Imagine seeing your cousin doing that. No. Like screaming in somebody else's voice. I'm gonna kill this girl. No. My grandma shouted back in anger and prayer. It all lasted maybe a minute, and then just like that, Anna came back to herself. She would break down in tears, totally unaware of what had just happened. We asked her where she went during those moments, and she said she didn't know. Everything just turned pitch black. Creepy, right? Aw, I hate that. The healer gave the family two choices. Apologize to the stepmother and try to make peace or fight back, but it would come at a cost and Anna would suffer more. Of course, this witch messed with the wrong family, so we chose to fight back. Hell yeah. For weeks, they performed strange rituals. They burned candles of leaves to create thick smoke while chanting prayers.


Anna was told to inhale the smoke, which was said to cleanse her body and her spirit. They also bathed her with salt and holy water. I forgot to mention, please go back. Oh, Nicholas, we're here. Nicholas we're here. Is it because we fought last week? It's all good. Yeah, let's be friends. I forgot to mention Anna hadn't pooped in over a month, which explained her swollen and hardened stomach. Oh, I can't even imagine how much pain she must have been in. Yeah. Oh, I know. A month. Oh my God, that's so bad. After each session, they gave her medicinal oils and plant-based remedies. I remember one time she drank this weird medicine that looked like Ash, not me, and even looked like Ash smelled Burt.


The expression on her face said it all. It tasted horrible. I'm sorry, but strangely it worked and she was finally able to poop a little. I mean, I would do it. Metamucil, maybe that's what it was. After about a month of seeing the healer regularly, she slowly started to improve her appetite came back, and for the first time in weeks, she could sleep through the night. I thought everything would be okay, because Anna seemed much better. Then one day my grandma visited some Catholic church members, mostly elderly women, to bless our house or more accurately to cast out any evil spirits. They prayed for more than three hours, going room to room, sprinkling rice mixed with salt while shouting over and over. We condemn the evil spirit in this household, and that's when Anna started losing it again.


Why choose between the best of the land and sea when you could get you a restaurant that could do both? Honey, dig into long John Silver's and taste the ultimate combo. Enjoy long John Silver's. $6 fish and chicken basket. This spring crisp tender chicken meets perfectly golden fish. Any single scrum diddly ump anxious basket, A match made in heaven. If you ask me, it includes one side and two hush puppies. I'm actually salivating right now. It sounds so good. And the best part, no promo code needed. Long John Silvers. Phish. Yeah. Download the Long John Silvers app or visit www.ljsilvers.com to order now. Pricing and participation may vary.


Attention morbid listeners say goodbye. Peace out. See you later. To stinky, smelly litter boxes with caddick, go. Natural litter made from natural biodegradable ingredients. It's odor busting. Paw friendly and EcoSmart just like you. Babe, keep your feline friends happy while saving the planet. One scoop at a time. Available now for perfection in every scoop. Try it today. Shop for caot products by visiting Amazon or caot us and use promo code morbid for 20% off your caot purchase.


She began whispering strange things in a cold, terrifying stare directed at the old ladies. She stayed eerily silent while the grannies tried to talk to her, but you could tell that something just wasn't right, and that's when we realized she was being possessed again by that same evil spirit. It's like the witch was watching us and she was pissed. Damn. From that point on, every day at 6:00 PM we would gather in front of our altar to pray the rosary and read Bible verses. There were moments we could tell Anna wasn't herself again, but we kept praying and tried to ignore the strange shifts in her behavior. I sat beside her during these prayers since I was the eldest after her sister being a student at a Catholic school like me and Elena. Yeah. I knew a lot of prayers by heart, And I thought, yep, this is my jam.


Evil spirits. Bye, bitch. I love that. I love that she's said, I'm flexing on these spirits. But weeks passed and Anna started to get worse again. She couldn't eat. She was up all night. She started, she stopped pooping again. She kept saying her shoulders felt heavy and her back hurt terribly. We ended up buying her a wooden reclining chair because she could no longer lie down to sleep. Oh no. She had to sit up the entire time. It really broke my heart to see her like that. And she's so young. I know. The healing sessions continued, but the evil witch just got bitchier. Eventually, my grandma decided to surrender. She agreed to apologize to the stepmom. The very one they believed was behind the curse. Idiotic. That is idiotic.


Idiotic. Not apologizing, but what the stepmother has done. I agree. Yeah. Yeah. Nicholas, you right. But the stepmom didn't just show up in person. They were able to speak to her to like the grandma by possessing Anna's sister. What the fuck? So now we had two possessed people in the house. What the actual fuck? Holy shit. The quote unquote conversation started with the healer just trying to intimidate the witch and the stepmom, but they did not back down. Instead, they started cussing out. My grandma saying the nastiest things. It's too late. It's too late. She already, it's never too late. You're right, Nicholas. Never. She already ate the never by no means. By no means is it ever over.


Nicholas is on your side. I love that. She already, they said she already ate the cursed food. She will die and she will take her two siblings with her. That's when everything hit a new level of terrifying. I forgot to mention both Anna and her sister at this point had to be physically restrained by four men. Oh my God. I know the stepmom spirit inside. Anna's sister was trying to bite people and she was strong as hell. Like super human, strong. Damn. I could not sleep that night. Actually, I've really never slept peacefully again after that encounter. Fast forward, Anna got even more boat. He's like, get the hell out of there on the boat. I was, get on a boat. Fast forward, Anna got even more like death. Oh, did you die on a boat, Nicholas? He said, my death or let Oh.


Oh. I think he drowned. I'm sorry, Nicholas. Nicholas. Damn. That was heavy. Wow. We it. It's not about you right now though. Okay. We'll talk later. Shit. I said we'll talk later. Okay, that's good. And I got even more ill. So they decided to take her back to the hospital. We would often visit and she seemed okay there, but deep down we knew something wasn't right. She ended up staying in the hospital for more than a month. Wow. Still, the doctors could not figure out what was wrong or how to treat her. The healer continued sending her herbal medicines, though I'm not sure if the doctors allowed her to take them. One time when I visited, Anna told me something that gave me chills. She said a lot of people had died in that hospital room. It had eight beds filled with some patients from newborn to elderly adults.


And she told me she saw someone die right in front of her. Oh God. It traumatized her. I felt so bad just seeing how scared and hopeless she was. She'd been sick for more than three months now, and she just wasn't getting any better. Eventually the family decided to bring her back to Manila and to transfer her to a much larger hospital with better facilities. But the healer strongly disagreed. He warned us if she leaves, it will be the end. Oh wow. My grandma begged them to stay, but the family insisted. They just promised that they would come back. Once the doctors finally diagnosed Anna. By this time, Anna was in a near vegetative state. She was conscious, but she couldn't speak. She was on oxygen support. And then the worst nightmare happened on the way to Manila.


She fell into a coma. By the time they reached the hospital, she was completely unresponsive. The doctors gave the family 48 hours to decide whether to keep her on life support or let her go. It broke all of our hearts. I cried And I prayed that night just begging for a miracle. We waited for more than two days holding onto hope, but Anna never woke up. So the family made the heartbreaking decision to say goodbye. On July 27th, 2007, Anna passed away. Her wake was held at their family home in Manila for almost two weeks. And after that, her body was brought to back to our province for another week long wake. The moment I saw her in her coffin, I was stunned. She didn't look like Anna. She looked like a complete stranger. When the healer arrived, he explained, the face you're seeing isn't hers.


It's the face of the stepmother. I have full fucking chills right now. Chills like I have. I read this before And I have chills. Ooh. I just got straight up chills. Holy shit. The face of the stepmother like fucking haunting this family. Oh my God. What I hate the stepmother. Fuck did. Why was she so mad? She was a beyond. Could they have possibly done I don to elicit this? Nothing. Damn. He said, Anna suffered greatly and you could see the pain in her expression before her heart stopped. And he also told us in a few days, her real face will return. Isn't that wild? Shut up. Sure enough, just two days before her funeral, her face changed and she looked exactly like Anna again. I remember asking my grandma did they put makeup on her because suddenly her cheeks had a soft blush.


Her lips were pink, her skin smooth. She looked like she was just sleeping. And the most beautiful part, her lips were curled into a soft smile. Oh, it wasn't creepy at all. And I knew deep in my heart that she was finally at peace. A lot of strange things continued to happen even after the funeral. But I'll stop here 'cause this is already five pages long and my eyes hurt. You're welcome to summarize this story however you like. Let me know If you wanna hear what happened next. We do. Yes. Like when her sister and my cousin got possessed by spirits too. Holy shit. I truly hope this story makes it to Listener Tales. It did. It did. Thank you so much, Ash and Elena. More power to you both. And honestly, I would die If you ever read this on your podcast. Oh, don't die. Don't die. Don't do not die.


Damn. Yeah. What a story. That one was great. Holy shit. Poor Anna. I know. Going through all that. I hope. I hope you're right in that like she's finally at peace now. I bet she is. I hope so. Because she didn't deserve that. Sorry, my ears are tucked underneath you, so that's okay. The part that scared me the most was when she had the stepmother's face. No, I hate that. Aside from I hate that a a lot And I being, that also scared me. That was also very scary because yeah, we've all been there. Yeah. You know, not, not in that way, but yeah. Yeah. Even Nicholas was, Nicholas was shook. He was moved by that. He was, well, let's see. Thank you for that one. This one's called Listener Tales. Yeet. A witch cursed me.


This one is fucked up. Cool. And it's a little gory, so if that's not your vibe, like maybe skip it. Yeah. But I love it. But don't stick around. So this is Yee Yee Yee. Okay. Now that I got your attention from your favorite word, here's a PFA and a doc of my Listener Tales. I love it. Whichever is better. Hope you guys love it. My name is Brianna and you can all use my name party. Brianna. Brianna, there you go. Warning the details of my nightmare are pretty messed up. Hello, weirdos. Brianna here. Feel free to use my name. I have a long story, so read all of it And I am not sorry. I like that. I like it too, because for this story of mine, your bums will be clenched.


She's not lying. She's not. This story goes best with a darkened room and blankets to cover your toes. There's a blanket over there. There is, but I don't wanna take it out. It's a costume. I will talk about how much I love you guys and your podcast and all the mushy stuff at the end. So let's get straight to business. Yeah, yeah. When I was younger, my siblings friends And I went walking near the river. Shout out to June and Mags. Mags was the person who got me listening to you guys. Shout out to you. Mags. Shout out to you. Disrespectful. Nicholas, are we doing this again? Nicholas? Are we doing this again? Who's disrespectful? You were the one talking. No, you were reading. No, you said shout out to mags and he said disrespectful.


That's not disrespectful. Nicholas, shout out means thank you. Maybe he didn't understand. He's from a's a distant time. I'm trying to explain it to him. I appreciate that. I'm trying to be more open with Nicholas today. So what that means is like, Hey, June. Hey Max. Thank you. Okay, Nicholas. We were just messing around. That's when we found it. An old wooden box. My sister handed me a stick to pry it open. Thanks. Si. Inside a bag of cornmeal and rice, bird skulls, strange mushrooms, and a rusty skeleton key. That's what dreams are made of. I'm not kidding you. I would've done anything to find this when I was younger.


Maybe not though. When you find out what happens, probably not. Don't mind me. I'm going to do something extremely stupid right now. It says I picked up the key. Honestly, I would've too. Probably. Who wouldn't? My sister freaked. Drop it. That's some brew Harry shit. For those who don't know bru. Oh, you gave me a pronunciation If I had read a little further. Oh, I forgot that. Thank you. You appreciate that. Bru. Bru. Oh, roll that R. Girly. I know you can. I love that You have so much faith in me. Brianna. I cannot roll my Rs, but that's bru. Bru. I got very British there. Would you say like brujeria? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. I feel like that's right. Right. Brianna? That's hard to say. I cannot roll my Rs. It's like genetic. It is genetic.


Yeah. I can't do it. I think I got it on my dad's side, but I really appreciate that. That like support. You were like, I know you can shut up. Okay. God, show off. So it means witchcraft in Spanish. I put it back and we closed the box and went home. The next morning I woke up with the key there under my pillow. You just dropped that like you just, you were no buildup. She said, RIA. Ria, witchcraft. Key. Yeah. She said, I just woke up the next morning and there it was. I screamed, ran to my parents. They saw me a mess sobbing, holding up the key like it was burning me. They blame my sister. She swore up and down. She didn't put it there. We had been together the whole time. No time to grab it.


No time to plant it. In the end, my dad buried it in the backyard. Bad ideas all around. I didn't say that. You did self-aware. The nightmare started when I was 14. It's always the same. A pitch, black forest, wind toweling through the trees, fog, curling around my feet. I was always cold hugging myself as I wandered. Then out of nowhere a cabin towering, rotting its windows shattered, like empty eyes. Ooh, you write really well. Ooh. I enter the house and the door closes behind me. A long hallway stretch before me. I can't speak. He can, he can speak. Is that, oh, he can't speak. You just did though, so don't worry. Yeah, you're speaking through the, yeah, through the phone.


Nicholas. Yeah. You got this. We hear you believe in yourself. We can hear you. So I started with the first inside a living room, a couch, a bookshelf, a dusty old TV in the corner. I moved further in standing behind the couch. That's when I heard it. Now, here's where it gets spooky. I hear a woman call out my name from behind me. Hello Brianna. I turn around and there's no one there. I turn my head back to the tv. The TV flickered on static coming and an old woman sat cross-legged on the floor rocking side to side, laughing a dry hollow cackle. Then silence. She presses her hands to the screen. Then rose too tall. Tall enough to almost hit the ceiling.


I hate that. Ugh. Skin stretched over her brittle bones. Her limbs grotesquely long. Her mouth curled into a sick toothy grin. But her eyes, her eyes were weeping. Oh, I don't like Ted. I don't like it. Don't like either Nicholas. I don either Nicholas. Yes. It's a little scary. It's scary. Then suddenly, methodically, she smashed her own eyes with her fists. The wet sound of breaking the scream high and rattling full of pain. And then she wrote in parentheses, fucking psycho. Then it stopped. She reached into the hollowed sockets and pulled out a rusty key, handed it to me, oh, I take the key and leave going to the next door.


I love that you were just like, okay, I'll take that. We're just gonna go with this onto my next quest, onto the next. I unlock it with the key that was given to me. When I entered she, my bestie looked perfectly fine. She stepped to a broken window and plucked a shard of glass. She held it up to her neck and dragged it across her throat. Blood poured, but she kept grinning. She stuck her tongue out and sliced it out. I told you it was messed up. I'd like, what? What's going on? If I had this dream, I would never go to sleep again. This is rough. She started to laugh again, but she began to gargle and choke on her blood. Mind you, this whole time she's staring straight at me for this whole interaction. She sticks her hand into her neck, pulls out another rusty key and hands it to me too.


Okay. People, flowers, ponies, and puppies we're making our way through. Let's Flowers, ponies. Puppies. Mikey, stressed to the corner. I grab this one and exit, but before I leave, I hear her gurgle. The words just wait a bit longer. Gurgle. Gurgle.


When it comes to spending, sometimes it's outta sight, outta mind. That daily coffee habit I have one. Those streaming subscriptions, they add up fast without you even noticing. Rocket Money though can help you spot those patterns so that you can do something about them and keep more money in your pocket. Who doesn't love that? Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. For ones that you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can actually help you cancel those. Rocket Money's Dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. You can easily create a personalized budget with custom categories to help you keep that spending on track. You can see your monthly spending trends in each category too, to know where your money is going. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million and canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/morbid today. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid rocket money.com/morbid.


You buy a pair of socks, that's two socks. You buy a pair of Bombas socks. That's four socks because one purchased is one donated. Socks are the number one most requested clothing item in homeless shelters. So when you buy a pair of super comfortable Bombas socks, you're also donating a pair. Bombas customers have powered over 150 million donations. So Bombas would like to thank you 150 million times, but we only have like 30 seconds. Go to bombas.com/wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's BBAs MBA s.com/ Wondery and use code wondery at checkout.


I ran to the next door to unlock it. I went into the next room and she was back to be me. Me too, Nicholas. Nicholas, you are. You're being a great third host today. You are. Nicholas is stressed. I went into the next room and she was back to being whole again. This time she was in an empty room with just a small table. Hate my dream self. Fucking run outta the house. Dummy. Yeah. Run outta that girl. She was singing a tune and went down on her knees and started banging her head against the table and saying, don't forget. Can't forget. Why can't I remember? She stuttered and repeated this over and over. Then as she was banging her head, chunks of her brain started coming out and with it was a key.


At least a key is always involved. You know, she's always like end to the next room. Yeah. She picks it up and hands it to me. People, rainbows and kittens. This is not a drill. I took this key and ran out of the door and unlocked the last door. This room was the kitchen. Her being perfectly whole again. She grabbed the kitchen knife. I'd be like, no. Maybe like, stop it. We know how this sense. Digging into her left leg with the knife, she stabbed herself in the leg once, twice. Again, still grinning, still humming. She reached in fingers, slick with blood and pulled out another key. I'll be waiting. She whispered. Handing me the key. I turned to run and when I got to the end of the hallway to leave the house, I froze.


The old woman stood at the end of the hallway. Her body broken every injury, every wound. Blood dripped from her hollow eye, sockets her throat and her shredded limbs. Then laughter, a wild heaving laugh that rattled my bones. When she stopped, she stood up completely straight and still suddenly she was right in front of me and all her wounds started to heal. One by one, I felt as if I was crying and touching my face. There was blood on my hands And I realized that my eyes were bleeding. My throat was cut and my tongue was missing. My leg had a huge hole and was bleeding out. I limped out of the house and managed to get past some trees until I heard this horrific scream.


A hand cold, pressing big against my back. I fell. I rolled onto my back just as she reached for me, her long, withered fingers wrapping around my neck, squeezing. I choked. I clotted her mouth, shoved my hand deep inside her mouth and pulled out the final key. Her grip loosened. I gasped for air and she just smiled. Then she was gone. I wake up, up, gasping, coughing, choking. I opened my eyes and always see her in the corner of my room. He up. He up watching and smiling. Then she turned, stepped into the wall and disappeared. On one of these nights, I took it upon myself to keep a pen and paper on my nightstand. So when I was able to move after my dream, I turned the lights on and started to draw her to show my siblings.


The pen broke and ink splattered everywhere. But I continued since it felt like a trance And I couldn't stop. I sent you the drawing. We got it. Also, I showed my 11-year-old brother and traumatized him slightly. Just wanted to make him stronger. You were 14. It's fine. Yeah. You know, I didn't have the dream again. Not for a while. At 16, the dream return, I feel like. Should we bring the Brenda, Brenda? What's her name? Brenda. If this witch's name is Brenda, I'm done. You're all, you're all not ready for this. Let me see. Brenda. Brenda, that's, that's Brenda forever. So scary. Imagine she's just like, I'm Brent. So scary.


Terrify. She's kind of whi whimsical in a way though. What? I don dunno. In what way? Exactly. Name the way the hair Fuck we want. It's what we want. Brent is not. It's what we want. What we want. Brent is what we want. Brent is not in fact what we want, but she's Oh, she's beautiful. Yeah. You're gorgeous Brenda. Gorgeous Brenda. At 16, the dream returned. But in this dream, the woman was saying that it was finally time. And when I woke up from the dream, I felt a hand planted on my back. Being the big girl that I am, I flipped over onto my back and saw her again. She was there. Her body broken her wounds fresh. She lunged at me then nothing. I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at the age of 17.


Oh, I'm sorry. I know my symptoms are depression, anxiety and memory loss. Speech problems like stuttering and fumbling. My words, my anxiety convinced my brain that my vision was different. That I had something extremely wrong with my eyesight. I didn't. And that my left leg, left leg would walk on its own. It would walk outwards. It felt weak. And I walked with a limp I had to go to to physical vision and speech therapy for a year and a half. So If you hadn't put two and two together yet every wound she gave herself, I carry them. Now isn't that walking bananas? And I always will for the rest of my life. If I have children, they might carry them too. I am now 21.


I'm getting treatment, so I'm doing better. I'm glad. That makes me so happy. My memory and speech are still such a huge issue for me. Sometimes I feel like if she comes back, she won't need to haunt my dreams because next time I won't wake up, I still forget things. But I know one thing for sure. A witch cursed me. Ooh. Ooh. Thank you chills. That gave me, thank you so much for listening to my story. I love your podcast so much and you girls are the absolute best. Thank you guys are my go-to podcast. I feel like we're totally on the same wavelengths. Best friends in the making. Keep it real. Don't worry. I know how implausible and probable, inconceivable and outlandish this story sounds. So I made sure to bring proof. You can post the drawing. Yes. Yes.


Print it out, then burn it. Whatever you guys want. The image I sent is the drawing I made back then and something to prove my diagnosis. Oh my God. You don't need that. You did not need to do that. I don believe you. But thank you. I We did not need that. And she said because fuck hipaa. Love you guys and hope the kids are all happy and healthy. Thank you. Aw bye. Hope you all keep it weird, but not so weird that you open a random curse box. Touch the random skeleton key and get haunted by a witch that curses you for no reason. And get a disease given to you by the witch for the rest of your life. Bs Don't worry, the page is just my accommodations for my school that say that I was what I was diagnosed with. That picture is haunting. So scary. H And when you said the pen exploded, you can see that it exploded.


'cause it's like all smeared is no like you're an incredible artist though. Like to you are draw that and you're writing is unbelievable. Yeah. Because truly I saw all of that. I saw all of that And I want to unsee it. Please that just like the symbolism in that dream and everything. That's so scary. Yeah. And I, I'm so sorry that you've been like dealing with that. I know. But I'm so happy to hear that you're doing better. Me too. And that like, it was like multiple dreams. Yeah. And she said like it's time now. Yeah. Like she was like building up to it. Yeah. Oh, that's scary. So scary. That's scary as hell. Don't open random boxes in the woods, y'all. Mm. Don't do it. I got a little bit of a pal cleanser, Listener Tales for after that one. Okay, cool.


This one is called Listener Tales. The time my black ass manifested a whole ass cat. Amazing. Hi Elena. Hi Ash. My name is Dee. Hi. Please feel free to use my name If you decide this. Sorry. If you decide to read this. Inflation is real And I can't afford to care if my name is used L. Well, I wanted to say I'm a really huge fan of the podcast And I listen to you wonderful witchy, spooky weirdos. Pretty much every day at this point. It's like the only way I can get through work. I love that. Also, Ash, I wanted to say I'm a witchy Gemini Sun. And rising too. Oh, you're a double Gemini. Wonder twins. Wonder Twins. Power activate. Glad to see the Witchy Gemini representation. Also, also, also, sorry this is so long. You know what they say about Geminis and how talkative we are.


Anywho, here's a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down. Okay, I'll stop now. Yes. About how I manifested my pet. Who, who's totally manipulative. Who I totally now consider my familiar. Oh, I love it. Okay. So flashback to the summer of 2018 to the Pangea COVID. It hadn't hit my cat. Eris passed away And I was an art student at my local community college. I had this beautiful Siamese cat named Loki. My mom named him. Leave it up to me. His name would've been trash goblin or lasagna or some shit. Lasagna. Please name your next cat lasagna. That's amazing. He was such a sweetheart. He loved to cuddle, loved to be picked up and was cross-eyed. Like I'm telling you, this cat was a literal angel. Oh my God. One night my fiance didn't close our front door all the way and he was gone.


No, of course that broke my heart because we had him and his brother Eris along with another cat, Malik, since they were kittens. So that was effectively my son that went missing. Oh no. We put up signs, put up some old t-shirts. We even did the kitty litter trick and still no Loki. As time went on the house began to feel empty like someone was missing. And it got to a point where we just had to accept that he wasn't coming back. No matter what we did. I brought up getting another cat not to replace Loki because no one could replace him, of course, simply because there's just no other cat like him. But because I was finally ready for another cat, but of course my grumpy Capri son, Capricorn, sorry, Elena was against it. I will now call me be calling you Capric son. I like that. After going back and forth for quite some time, I said, fuck it.


I want a damn cat. Now, normally I would respect his wishes in this type of situation because a new pet might as well be our new child for us. And that's some shit I take seriously. Grandfather. Grandfather, huh. But in this case, after listening to my enabling friends as well as being the proud I am, I said fuck it. I want a cat. And I would use any means to get this cat while keeping my hands clean. Of course. Smart. So what did I turn to? My budding witchy. Woo woo practice. I love this already. It's fantastic. So around this time I was very, very, very new to my practice. But in true Gemini fashion, rather than looking up tried and true ways to manifest in spells and shit, I just went off pure intuition. What I, what little I already knew. Curiosity. I dad.


She did not go off your desk necklace and pure vibes. That is very Gemini. It is. That's the most Gemini I ever. Pure vibes. I do be doing spells off pure vibes sometimes. So I made a list of what I wanted in a cap. I forget what I put on there, but I strongly remember putting that I wanted a boy catt. 'cause my only cat, Malik Shakar dank, my cousin named him is a boy Malik Shakar. Dank is a boy and he wasn't neutered yet. And my black ass wasn't ready to be a cat. Grandma. I'm literally obsessed with you. I burned the leaf, the list with some bay leaves with the flame of a white candle after I read aloud what I wanted and then I set the ashes into the wind. I love that. Based off pure intuition. I feel like that's a pretty good spell. I think you killed it.


I think so. Being new to all things witchy and manifestation, as well as going, as well as being in this is so relatable. Sorry, let me say this again. Being new to all things witchy and manifestation, as well as being an ongoing victim of instant gratification. I feel serious. Have we met? We have met Nicholas. Hi. Yeah, thanks. Amazon Prime. I figured this manifestation would come in looking like my fiance just finally saying yes to A, to getting a cat. LOL. No. He kept saying no until finally I just got impatient with the universe and with him and just quickly gave up hope about me ever getting a cat. Aw. Life went on as per usual. And I accepted that we were gonna be a one hack, one cat household.


And that was that one day on a morning so cold that 10 Bundy would be glad that he's burning in the heat of hell in a half a week. Stupor. I got what a statement. What a statement. In a half a week stupor. I got ready for work. I got up at like five in the morning for work And I have to walk to work on top of that. So yeah, the neurons were not raring to go. If you catch my drift, I feel that I shuffled out the door, still half awake And I spot my cat outside assuming the door was left open again in typical black mom fashion, I said, get your black ass in the house. I gestured to the door that was still open and my cat is just looking at me like I'm crazy.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra se terms@mintmobile.com.


I start walking towards him trying to grab this cat and telling him to get back in the apartment 'cause it's cold as fuck. And the last thing I need is PETA on my case because my cat decided he was about that life and grew tired of being a suburban cat. That's what I call indoor cats. We can't afford to live in the suburbs. Alabama. My cat started to run off toward the neighbor's door and my ass was really trying to get him in the damn house, but this cat was doing everything to duck and dodge me without going too far away from me until he just finally started to run down the stairs. Mad because I was going to be late to work for chasing my cat. I just went and shut the door so I could chase. After this asshole cat, I noticed a black cat in my kitchen staring at me like, bru, you good fam. The entire time I had been chasing like mom some random ass cat.


What the, so her cat was inside and she was chasing after, after a different cat. Like, are you okay? Yeah. Like what's going on here now? I'm really annoyed because now I'm late for work for no reason at all. And I really go shut the door. And this rando, as cat just comes back, it looked up at me and it started scratching at my door and it clearly wanted to come in because it was you. That was like very intense. That was very aggressive. That scared the shit out of me. Frank, he's like, you can't understand this kind of, no, but he said, you can't understand. He's upset about it, Nicholas. We understand. He feels a lot. Okay. So the cat looked up at me and started scratching at my door. Clearly wanted to come in because it was super fucking cold outside. Now I'm a lot of things in true Gemini fashion, but I'm not heartless.


I talked it over with my fiance and we both agreed that the cat could stay in the house until it got warmer that afternoon. And of course we would give her food and water and then just let her back out. I ended up picking up the cat, which to my surprise was okay, El El. Is it the oldest cat? The eldest cat? Is it the eldest cat? That sounds like a good book. And to my surprise, oldest cat, I would read it. Would you? Yeah, absolutely. I would. My She was like, what? The eldest cat? It sounds like a good kid's book. Yeah. Like your kids would like that book. Yeah, that's true. And I would read it to them. That's very true. To clarify. There you go. Okay. So the cat was okay with being picked up by a random stranger and that's when I felt it. This was my cat.


Oh hell yeah, it was. So a note, a side note about my own witchy abilities, like a lot of witchy. Woo woos. I'm sensitive to energy. I read tarot, the whole nine yards. I'm also a channel, so sometimes I'll hear phrases or words from guides, spirits and the like, oh, I'm jealous. I know. That's really cool. When I picked her up, I instantly saw me performing my manifestation months before flash before my eyes. And I knew this was supposed to be my cat, even though I wasn't a hundred percent sure. 'cause I have no way of knowing at the time. I instantly knew this was a girl cat, that she couldn't have babies. And I heard the word tapeworms. Oh, I tried asking my fiance if we could keep her thinking the answer would be different because this was clearly my manifestation cat. Yeah. And it had to work out this time.


Right? Of course. LMAO. No. Again, the answer was no. And this time I was upset because I knew the universe gifted me this cat I asked for, but I wasn't in the mood to fight. So I went to work And I said, fine, we'll just let her go later. Then my fiance asshole, he's the fight. I guess we'll just leave this cat. My fiance text me again to tell me we can't keep her this time. Including a reason saying she was trying to fight Malik. And I explained to him that most cats just don't get along at first. And the answer became, I don't know, babe, still. I was, he's shifting, he's shifted still. I wasn't in the mood to argue And I said nothing. He then text me hours later explaining that the cat just wouldn't leave. Of course not. That's your familiar right there. I'm like, what do you mean the cat won't leave? Come and find out.


She ran in my room. We have separate rooms 'cause he's a streamer and she hid under my bed and would not come out at all. He tried everything to coax her out of there and she just flat out refused to leave. Oh my God. I finally get home from work and she finally comes out And I snap a few pics and try to see if anyone would take her in. No takers. No. 'cause that's your familiar 'cause that's your fucking cat. Yeah. My fiance, after having much time to think about it, decided since no one else would adopt her, we will keep her. Yeah. I got my fucking cat. Hell yeah. You did leave. He won't leave. Won't leave. Whoa. Oh my God. That's right. Nicholas. Nicholas is getting the hang of this. He is trying to get my Capricorn Stellium fiance to change his mind.


Guys literally took witchcraft. I have a Capricorn st too. You do? Yeah. Yeah, you did. Yeah. I was trying to think if anybody else did. We ended up taking her to the vet and come to find out she wasn't fact a girl she had couldn't, couldn't have kittens because she was already fixed. And we have, we have catch and spray programs here for strays to reduce the stray cat population. And sadly, in fact, she did have tape worms. Aw. Of course she's been treated for it and has become part of our little family. Yay. I've included picks because who doesn't love cat picks? Hell yeah. And that is how I manifested my pet cat. Mars. Mars. Such a cool name. Yes. If you read this out loud, thank you for your time. And sorry it took me a few tries to figure out the right email and stuff. Or If you didn't still thank you for your time And I hope you definitely not.


Not even close. Not even close. Wow. And I hope you definitely keep it so fucking weird that your bratty ass manifest a cat. And your gruy ass fiancee who originally said no later becomes best buds with him. I love that. Or with her. Excuse me. She's so cute. Maybe he was, maybe Nicholas was talking about the other emails that she might've sent it to. He was like not even close. Not even close. Not even close to those emails. Oh my God. Let me see. Mars. Mars is so cute. Oh, Mars. We'll post some pics. Oh, look at that. Look at that collar. I know. Look at that fancy ass. This color. All of that's a familiar Yeah, that's a familiar right there. That's a familiar, I love it. I love that story. I do do too. Oh, that was a needed story. It was All right. Let's see.


Let's see, should this be the last one? Yeah, so should we, which one should I do? I definitely think we should do Yee the ies. Yeah, I think so too. Fantastic. How can you not? So this one's called Yee, the ies. My mom's a witch. I love that. Said, said all of our future children and current children. Hello ladies. My name is Gigi. Oh my God, I love that. And yes, you can absolutely use my name and any other names as I've already changed them FOR you. Thank you. You're a real one. Here's my story in 12 Point Trouble Space, Putah. As I've been listening for so long, I was trained to write this to your liking. LOL. Thank you brother. I want to start off like any other tale and praise you for your bad bitchy. You bombastic ladies have gotten me through some rough times and I'll forever be grateful FOR you.


I like bomb Boston. I like that too. Elena, congrats on your book. Thank you so much. I am so proud of you for not only being an amazing mother, but also pursuing your dreams. Thank you so much. That's the best compliment. Ash. Congratulations on your engagement. Oh bitch, I'm so married now. Thank you. I am also getting married soon and feel as if we're doing it together like two best friends. My, you're probably married now too. Congrats. That's congrats. Any ERs. Today is the day I finally push myself to send in my tail. If you're reading this, Deb, Deb, please give me a shot and send this in. She did. Who wouldn't wanna see a five foot? Nothing lady. Lose her shit. Let's get on with the story. I'm going to start off with some backstory. I grew up in a teeny tiny town known as Hastings, Nebraska.


I've lived here since I was nine years old. My parents moved up here looking for better job opportunities to support their their family. I'm an or I'm originally from Albuquerque, New Mexico. When I was 18 and freshly graduated, my mother decided to move back to New Mexico to support my older brother while he and his fiance had their first child. That's so nice. That's so nice. My mother made this decision in one day, packed up her things, decided to inform me the day of, and gave me the choice of either you come or you stay. Damn, that's a grandma right there. Whoa. As a young adult, I was thinking about college and starting my own life and not dropping everything to move a few states away. I decided to stay with my now husband and drive a couple of cities away for college. I'm now in my last year of veterinary technician school and graduated May.


Yay. Congrats. I love that text. I love them. Yeah, you're special people. It's true. The next time I saw my mother, she gave me a protection jar. Now my mother has always been an empath and has done some things I couldn't explain, but I never took it seriously until this story took place. The jar she gave me was a small mason jar. She filled with rice coins, dollar bills, and other various trinkets. She told me to put it in my car as I would be traveling between Hastings and Norfolk, Nebraska. And it took me a second to know the, the abbreviation for the state. The amount of times that's happened to me throughout these Listener Tales. The M are the ones. That's the ones that kill me. Yeah. I can never figure out which ones they are and that it would keep me safe.


But to make sure no one but myself would touch it. At first I thought it was a joke and she just didn't want me to lose it. But boy was I wrong. One day, a couple of weeks before I moved for college, I was driving around with one of my friends, we'll call her Asia, and she asked me about the jar. At first I was calm and explained what it was until I noticed Asia holding the jar. I wasn't too worried at first, but let her know no one else was supposed to touch it. That night I called my mom and told her what happened. When I tell you this lady freaked the fuck out or nore, any Hispanic listeners will understand when their moms get upset. Hispanics are naturally loud but angry. Oh dear. I definitely held onto my butt after that.


My mom starts telling me, don't worry, it'll be okay and just do exactly what I say. Reminder, she isn't even in the same state as I am at the time. She's 15 hours away and expects her half brain daughter to perform witchcraft over the phone. You got me fucked up. So she instructs me to pour out the contents and replace the rice and place the replace the rice and place the contents back in the jar and say a certain phrase or prayer, If you will. Again at this moment. I just thought she, please go. We're almost done. We're almost done. Nicholas knows we have a very busy day today. Yeah. He's like, you have a meeting. He's like moving along. Again. At this moment, I just thought she was some crazy superstitious lady and assured her I did what she asked me to do and called it a night.


But did I actually Absolutely not. The following events are 100% true and told to the best of my memory. I always love when something starts out that way. I know the next day I woke up and was getting ready to hop in the shower as one normally does when I look in the mirror and notice a cluster fuck of burns all over my chest. What the sort of like when you burn yourself with hot oil and oil splatters everywhere. That's like the I, that was the best way to describe that. Yeah. Like I could picture it so easily at that moment. I knew I should have listened to the crazy bruja, which in Spanish, I love how much like Bruhaha, bha and Bruja magic we're getting So fun. I took for granted. I was terrified. So I called my mother hysterical and explained what was going on, and this time I actually did what she told me to do.


Very smart. And to my fucking surprise, the next day the burns were gone. Your mama's a powerful bha. A bruja. After it was all done, said and done, I told Asia about the whole ordeal and she yelled at me for letting her touch the jar in the first place. She gets it to my mom. If you hear this, never trust your daughter or any of your children for that matter, with some witchy shit I'm not responsible enough for. But I will never ever doubt you again. Thank you for reading my talk. Cursed. Oh no. Thank you for reading my tale And I hope it wasn't too long and if this made it to the pod, I will lose my marbles anyway. Keep it weird, but not so weird that Take it away Ash. Not so weird that your mom makes you a dispel jar and then you let other people touch it after she told you not to touch it and then you get cluster fucks of burns on your chest.


Gigi, not so weird that you don't listen to your Bruja Mama. Yeah, I'm glad you decided to listen to your Bruhaha mama. A Bruja Mama. Bruja mama. That's really fun to say. Bruja mama. That does feel good. I like it. That was fun. That was a fun one. I know. And I liked that they were different kinds of witchcraft. I did my best. That was a good, that was a good mix of really cool ones. Yeah, so that's so interesting. I don, I know. I love witchcraft. So fun. I had to miss a couple installments of my witchy class, but I'm going back this month and I'm really excited. Hell yeah. Yeah. Party. Alright, well thank you so much for tuning in. Thank you for listening. If you have Listener Tales, you can send them to morbid podcast@gmail.com. Please remember to include your like letting us your permission.


Permission, that's what it's called. Your Express Permiss Allowance. Permission a to use your name. Yeah, say that to use your you like. Please go ahead to use your name to use any pictures, any anything in there that you will, that's like identifying or your own thing. Just give us your express permission to use it. Just 'cause we wanna be cool. Yeah. And remember that these are on YouTube and you can see us dress in ridiculous costumes. Streams ridiculous. What are you talking about? I can't wait to get this off my head 'cause it's so itchy. Well, with that being said, we hope you keep listening. We hope you get it weird, but that's the way that you throw your wig off. No, it's too scary. Oh, I thought you were gonna do it. All right. Throw it off. Throw it off, throw it off. Oh wait, I have a net under there. It's fine. Just throw it off. Just throw it off on your Way.


Plausible. Plausible. Yeah. You see, even Nicholas is like, it's plausible. Oh, it's stuck. Oh no, it's stuck. Oh, I put a thing. Hello honey. Honey, we have to go. Goodbye. Walk inside. Look inside. Look inside yourself. Look inside. He said Look within. Oh that. Look within.


If you like morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts, prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


Last year long crime brought you the trial that captivated the nation. She's accused Of hitting her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. With her Car, Karen Reed is arrested and charged with second degree murder. The six week trial resulted in anything but resolution. We Continue to find ourselves at an impasse. I'm declaring a mistrial in this Case, but now the case is back in the spotlight. And one question still lingers. Did Karen Reed kill John O'Keefe? The Evidence is overwhelming that Karen Reed is innocent. How does it feel to be a Cop killer? Karen? I'm Kristen Thorn, investigative reporter with Law and Crime and host of the podcast, Karen the Retrial. This isn't just a retrial, it's a second chance at the truth. I Have nothing to hide. My life is in the balance and it shouldn't be. I just Want people to go back to who the victim is in this. It's not Her. Listen to episodes of Karen the Retrial, exclusively an ad free on Wondery Plus.