
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


I've got the perfect Labor Day Morbid Watch. For, you guys. It's called Born Evil, the Serial Killer and the Savior. I don't even know where to start with this story, but it centers around the serial killer Hadden Clark, and he's probably the most twisted serial killer you haven't heard of. He's confessed and provided evidence to killing several people, but they say he could have over a hundred victims. Hadden has this alter ego who he refers to as Kristen and will get into Kristen's character to kill other women, and the main reason they got all this evidence in the first place is because Hadden thought his cellmate was Jesus Christ. So he told his Jesus Doppel gang or cellmate about all of these gruesome details about his murders.


Also, apparently evil runs in the family because his brother also murdered someone. Wow. I'll be watching and listener should too. Born Evil, the Serial killer and the savior. It's an ID true crime event and it premieres Monday, September 2nd at 9:00 PM Watch on ID or stream on Max. Seriously set your DVR or a reminder, everyone will be talking about this one.


Morbid is brought to you by Progressive. Most of you aren't just listening right now. You're driving cleaning, even exercising. But what If, you could be saving money by switching to progressive drivers who save by switching. Save nearly $750 on average and auto customers qualify for an average of seven discounts. Multitask right now. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average, 12 month savings of $744 by new customer surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary. Discounts not available in all states and situations.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash And. this Is Morbid and it's, listen, our Tales, which It's brought to you. BY you. For you, FROM you At all about you Baby. Whoa. don Don't know. don don't know. I don't know Shrugs. Large shrug. don don't know. Shrug. Shrug. Shruggy shrug.


We love a Listener Tales moment. I do. You know this. We know this. Everybody knows this. Everybody knows this. Listener Tales. Five fucking ever. It always feels like we have not done a Listener Tales episode in 46 years. I know every time. It's so weird. Yeah, and it's like, nah, it's only been a couple weeks. Few weeks. Couple weeks. Few weeks. Yeah. Like a few. Yeah, because a few is like three or more. Right? Like in case you didn't Yeah, so it really hasn't been that long, but every time I'm like, we haven't done this in three years. Isn't that weird? That is weird time. Weird. I think that's the only thing I've said in response to, I'm sorry. Yeah. I was like, I was just like, how weird is it though? She was just like picking out her nails being like, that's so weird.


But no, I was listening. then wasn just my genuine response. I was like, I did. I did have a little bit of pizza sauce under my nail, which is really gross. Which you did not need to share, but you did. Yeah. I'm an open book for that. We are appreciative and also horrifying. Also, I just ate pizza for lunch. Like that's not old. Yeah, like last night she just had pizza for lunch. It's right there. I can still see it. It's not old, I swear. No, I wash my hands. I promise. That's I know. I actually did wash my hands. Damn. That's even worse. I know. Yikes. Didn't do a good job. Well guys, more less about me, more about you, less about my hygiene, more about your tails.


I'm gonna kick you. I'm, I'm gonna kick you in the shin. Would you like to go first? Sure. I'll go first. Why don't I start this out with a bang. Oh, listener tail the time I babysat for a cold blooded killer. That'll do it. That will do it. Let's see. Oh, we have a pif. Hi Ash and Elena, this is Ally, which is my real name. Use it all. You want Ally, ally, ally, ally, ally, ally, ally, ally just makes me think of James Kennedy going Ally Belly. There you go. And this is a listener tale. For. you good? Like it's a listener tale episode. There you go. Like most things in my life, I'm going into this email with no preparations beforehand, so I apologize.


I'm kind of just typing things up as they come to me, but I'll try to keep it as straightforward as I can. First of all, can I just say that I love you ladies? You can because I love you too, ally. I also love you too. Ally Bally. Yeah. I'm just gonna fan girl for a minute. If. you don't mind. To be honest, I've never been much of a podcast person, but I came across Morbid when I was on maternity leave at the beginning of last year. I had a baby girl on December 28th, 2021. She shares your birthday, Elena. No big deal. No big deal. She's a cappy. We love it. Real talk. We named her Fiona. I love that name. And then wasn also on your list, then wasn on my list. That's crazy. I love that name. That's a like really name. That's weird. Yeah, she was actually born one day after my own birthday.


Oh my gosh. We're all capis together so you and I almost share a birthday. No big deal. No big deal. Capricorn's forever. Hell yeah. My God. Imagine being in labor at US Labor on your birthday though. I hope you weren't If. you were. What if she was in labor on her birthday? Oh yeah. That's not a great birthday, but like you're getting like a baby out of it. That's the greatest part. That's good. Yeah. You know you got a birthday present after your birthday. There you go. Look at it that way. Anyway, while on maternity leave, I spent the first month or so of sleepless nights binging a lot of television. Eventually I started to go a little, little stir crazy sitting on the couch all the time and decided to try to find a podcast I could carry around with me as I did house. George took the baby on walks, et cetera. I had just finished rewatching a ton of old XFiles episodes.


Love that so much. My favorite television show in all of history ever and was still feeling that spooky vibe. I had never heard of Morbid or you guys Tragic I know. So when I searched true crime podcasts and saw Morbid pop up, I randomly clicked on a recent episode, where is Brandon Swanson? Oh, that's a chilling case. You know what's really weird? Why do these things happen? I was just looking through our suggested cases. Yeah. To like just kinda like compile a few of what you guys wanna hear and I just opened an email where someone said they just listened to the Brandon Swanson episode. That's weird. And that they wanted like a different one covered and I was like, whoa. then wasn a random episode and then you just mentioned it again.


Like what a random fucking episode. Also, I was looking for cases last weekend and I was just like reading a bunch of different like countdown things online and Brandon Swanson was one of the ones featured. What's going on with that? Like that's weird. That's weird. Of all the cases we've done, I mean we've done almost how many episodes? We're in 500 and something at this point. I don't even know. Yeah, I think we're close to 600. Yeah, that many episodes. And you mentioned the one episode I just opened a random suggestion. Yeah, that's also mentioned that episode. That's bizarre. Sorry, that's weird. Sorry. I hope something comes out of that. I don't know. No, maybe it will. Hope That's very strange. Stranger things have happened.


It's true. So well you clicked on Where is Brandon Swanson and you never looked back. I love that. So that's amazing. I love that. And now I just hang out with you all week, every week and because my daughter was the equivalent of a sack of beans back then, the sack of beans time goes by really fast. Aw. She couldn't understand a word either of you were saying. I was free to listen to as many tales of ghosts and decapitations and murdering assholes as I wanted without fear of traumatizing her. My daughter had a lot of issues eating and sleeping during her first few months. Oh, we later found out she had some undiagnosed food allergies. All so postpartum was rough on all of us. Your podcast became a space for me to just escape a little bit. Thank you so much for hanging out with me then and now. You betcha. I love that.


Okay, so my tail kind of forgot. That's why I started this whole thing. Here we go. I'm going to change the names of the people involved because you can actually look up the case I'm gonna talk about and I wanna maintain a little privacy for one person in particular. I'll put a footnote at the end with the real names in case you two wanna look it up. This is the story about how I babysat for a cold-blooded killer. When I was in middle school, a family moved into the house next door to ours, a married couple and their young son. I'll call the married couple, John and Tracy Carter and I'll call their son Ben. Tracy was actually a radio personality at the time and was fairly well known in the area. John was incredibly outgoing, charming guy. I don't remember what he did for a living. It's not important. They were actually kind of an odd couple, at least from an outsider's perspective.


We lived on a very small and isolated street, seven houses with a cul-de-sac at the end. Our little street had a lot of block parties at the time, so everyone knew each other very well. John and Tracy were at a lot of these geck togethers. To be fair, I was about 13 during this time, so I was more interested in teenage girl drama than anything adults were ever talking about. I do remember Tracy was pretty being pretty reserved, a little standoffish maybe John on the other hand was always boisterous, cracking jokes and talking to anyone and everyone with ease. Now that I'm an adult myself, I recognize that I am the Tracy in this situation. I hate mingling and forcing small talk at block parties. It's literally the worst set. A Capricorn sister.


Yeah, I was gonna say that's your Capricorn in there said like a true cap. John and Tracy's son. Ben was about four-ish years old when we first met the Carters. He was the most adorable kid with a mop of blonde hair and a whip smart personality. Aw. A couple years passed and the Carter's had become friends with my parents. To be more specific, John Carter had become friends with my parents. Tracy was a rare sighting in the neighborhood at that point. She worked a lot and also attended various functions and events outside of her job. I wanna say John was unemployed for stretches of time, but I could be making that up. Like I said, my memory of what he did for a living is hazy. In any case, John would come over to sit on the back deck and chit chat while Ben showed off a new toy or ran around in the backyard.


Eventually in the summer of 2002, I started babysitting for John and Tracy. I would watch Ben a handful of nights a month. then wasn an easy gig because Ben was an easy kid. I would see and speak with Tracy occasionally. Mostly business dinners in the fridge. Ben's bedtime is this, could you feed the hamster kind of stuff mostly. then wasn John that would greet me when I arrive, ask questions about how school was going and walk me the 10 steps home at the end of the night. I always felt very comfortable around John. He was very, a very harmless fatherly vibe. He wasn't scary at all. False, untrue, incorrect. Oh, ooh. One night in early 2003 I was babysitting Ben. We'd fallen into a routine.


We were in the middle of looking through his dinosaur trading cards. When John came home early, he seemed a little off, I guess kind of hurried and frazzled like he was surprised to find himself at home as well. My 15-year-old self didn't make much of it, but I remembered I was supposed to be there a couple more hours. He didn't say much, which was unusual and he didn't walk me home before I left. He asked if I could babysit the next night. then wasn a school night and I had something going on, a test to study for a project I had to finish. I can't remember, so I said I couldn't. then wasn the end of our conversation and the last conversation I ever had with him. then wasn also the last time I ever stepped foot into that house, oh, that's chilling. The next night I was at home with my family.


then wasn about seven-ish. I remembered American Idol was on that night. At some point our dog started barking hysterically. Our dog was a Maltese terrier named Dart, and his piercing squawk was not my favorite sound, so I was yelling at him. Shut up, up. Sorry. Dart. I was also not studying or working on a project. Sorry John, but actually not because fuck you for what's about to happen. No. No one bothered to investigate why Dart was barking because like most dogs, he barked at innocuous shit all the time. About an hour later, American Idol was coming to an end and Dart was barking again. Ugh. However, when I glanced out the front windows, I saw a massive amount of flashing lights outside. There were police cars and emergency vehicles packing the street and parking in the grass.


This was not common on our street, so a lot of gawking and sued by the surrounding neighbors. A police officer knocked on our door and asked if we had seen or heard anything unusual that evening. We had not. We later learned that John had shot Tracy in their master bedroom multiple times while Ben sat at the table downstairs wearing headphones and playing video games. Oh my God. According to rumors, we heard later, Ben heard the shots and asked what had happened. John told him they had dropped something upstairs. He told Ben that Tracy was going to stay home to clean up the mess while he and Ben visited relatives. John took Ben to his relatives, left and called the police to turn himself in. What not a super thrilling end to the whole thing, but I'm glad he didn't try to flee with Ben or do something else horrible.


Here's the thing, whenever I think about that story, I can't help zooming in on the fact that I was alone in that house with that man. He asked me to babysit Ben the night of the murder and I'm always torn on what could that could have meant for his story. Would I have been there when he killed Tracy? Would he have asked if Ben could stay at our house so he wasn't home during the event? Would he have not killed Tracy because I was there watching Ben or did he honestly just think he needed a babysitter and this whole thing transpired after that conversation? I don't blame you for having so many fucking questions. What a horrible Yeah, you did. I hope you have no guilt over this. No, because, because that's a mind.


You were a 15-year-old kid and you couldn't babysit. Yeah. Like that's, but holy shit, I don't blame you for thinking through every single outcome that could have happened. That's crazy. I also wonder if Dart heard those gunshots because according to the loose timeline they put together, John would've shot Tracy near the time Dart started going off like an ill tuned bugle. Dogs know man. Yeah, they do. It breaks my heart that Ben was home when his mother was taken from him. I know, I'm so glad he didn't witness the killing and I'm so glad it didn't turn into some crazier murder, the whole family than commit suicide type of thing. I was so worried for that. Me too. Where this was going. I was too. I changed their names in the story for Ben's sake. He's out there somewhere trying to live his life after losing both of his parents to this horrible tragedy.


He'd be in his mid twenties by now, which is bonkers to me. don don't know why John killed Tracy. Articles about the case say that two had marital problems and that John was struggling with suicidal ideation and mental illness. Either way, he's still a murdering asshole and I'm not going to try and throw logic at any of his actions. So that's the story of how I babysat for a cold-blooded killer. As you can imagine, I didn't take a lot of babysitting gigs after that. My parents still live in the house I grew up in. Wow. And the Carter's house has gained a reputation for being cursed. To add to the weirdness, about a month after Traci's murder, an older woman showed up on our street. She was standing in the road staring up at the Carter's house. I had just gotten home from school and was taking dart out to pee.


The woman called out to me and asked if I knew the woman who had been killed. I figured she was just a nosy broad and told her that yes, I knew Tracy. She told me she was gathering flowers from Tracy's yard to add to the memorial wreath her church group was making. then wasn February and there were definitely no flowers growing at the time. So okay. She stared quietly at me in Dart for an uncomfortable amount of time before asking if I wanted to pray with her. I told her no thank you, and she said, in a deadpan voice, she said, you wouldn't want to bye. What the fuck? And she says, bye. I dragged Dart back inside and watched as she wandered around our street for a few more minutes before getting in her car, sands flowers and driving off.


Oh that and that officially concludes the weird that is fucking fucking. She said, you wouldn't want to. I'd be like, get the fuck outta here. Yeah, you gotta go, girl. That's weird. I hope you ladies have a spook licious day and of course I hope you keep keeping it weird, but not so weird that you socialize all easy breezy at block parties. Who does that? Okay. Actually plenty of people. Just not me. Not us either. then wasn, Allie, I mean then wasn, then wasn C. Wild, wild tale. Seriously, and I truly cannot believe that. You have to think of the fact that you were babysitting at this house with that man alone. I know that he would walk you home.


That is like just to like to have memories of him like at block parties, just shooting the shit, coming to your house and sitting on your back deck. Yeah, like to know somebody that intimately. That's what's wild. And then to know what they did is so scary and especially to have seen him the night before, like such a different human know and like for Ally to see the state that he was in the night before, like clearly something was way off and wonder what the hell was going on there. Like that's a lot. Yeah. Geez. Wow. then wasn quite a tale ally. So thank you. I'm glad you're for sharing that with us and I'm glad that you're okay.


The Free Upside app gets you cash back on daily Essentials like gas, groceries, and dining. There are over 100,000 gas stations, grocery stores and restaurants in the Upside app, ensuring that cash back is always just around the corner with upside. You can earn up to 25 cents per gallon cash back on gas, up to 25% back at restaurants and up to 25% back at grocery stores. These earnings add up quickly by just adding upside to your normal routine. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download upside. Just use my promo code Morbid to get started. There are some major gas brands, Phillips 66, shell, Valero, circle K, marathon, Chevron, Exxon Mobil, and there's a ton of major restaurants that participate. Papa John's, I love them. Dairy Queen, Domino's, Marco's Pizza, Arby's Checkers. KFC, Popeye's, my favorite rallies, a Elena's favorite Taco Bell, Wendy's and more people can earn three times more cash back with upside than with other programs or apps. This includes loyalty programs and credit card rewards. Download the free upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code Morbid to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out anytime right to your bank, PayPal or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code Morbid for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code Morbid for a 25 cents per gallon Bonus


Hey. everyone I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am freaking loving. It's called Cava. Hands down. The best thing I've found to get me all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy and smooth with just water and it comes in five delicious flavors. If, you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are My. personal favorites like to mix half and half together and then make my own self a little vanilla chai. But if that's not your jam, have no fear. There's chocolate, there's matcha, there's coconut, acai, coconut. Acai is also really good. I like to drink Ka Java in the morning because it makes me feel one satiated for hours and two, it just energizes my body and it makes me feel like I'm ready for the day. Ka Java's offering our listeners 10% off their subscription for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A and get 10% off your first order. That's KACH A V A dot com slash Morbid.


All right, my next one is listener tale, the ghost of very much Alive Me, a growl, broken mirrors, et cetera. Woo, hello you fantastic weirdos. My name is not Ralph, but that's the name we'll go with. I also changed the names of everybody in this story for their privacy. It's nice to finally be sending this listener tale to my best friends. But I must say for being my best friends, you sure never respond to my awesome commentary as I'm driving, cleaning, cooking, et cetera. And you usually interrupt my astute observations. What's that about? I'm so sorry. I feel horrible, bad like every other listener. I must say you two bring me so much joy in entertainment. The latter of which is not easy to do as I'm a psychologist in a prison, hence the fake name. Whoa. So I hear some wild shit on a daily basis.


I bet I'd love to regal you with more stories, but we haven't have the, we haven't the time right now. I'm not going to apologize for the length, nor encourage you to edit as you see fit because you've made it abundantly clear time and time again, you will do no such thing and apologies are not needed. Hell no, never. And let's be real. This story is perfection just the way it is. However, I will say there are a lot of commas in here as I am not really sure how to use commas versus semicolons. Really. Who understands grammar? Here's, here's a little, little secret. No one. No one, no one does. I thought you were gonna like really like no. Drop some hot grammar news on us. No, no one understands grammar. The only thing that I remember about a semicolon is you use it if you're gonna list a list.


Yeah. That's the only thing I remember. That's it. But other than that it, I'm just really glad that I have an editor. Yeah, there you go. That's, I put a lot of commas everywhere whenever I write something. Oh yeah. I also love the confidence here like the the, you know that they feel like they're like, this is perfection so, so don't change it. And I know you's won't. It's like I know you won't and that's okay. 'cause this is perfection. Good For you. I love that. I like that I am a man of science, like a nerd who loves to hit up journal repo repositories. Yeah. And go down the research rabbit hole. Same with that said, I have so much weird shit happened to me over most of my life that I am here to say with certainty there might be ghosts. I love this already. I love the way this person writes. I have no idea what's going on out there.


Oh, same. This story involved my boyfriend and I, we will call him Bob and two roommates who we will call Karen and Frank. Bob and I moved into Karen and Frank's a hundred plus year old home in a semi rough neighborhood of a large city. Rough as in I heard gunshots all the time and some literal drug users, well under the influence walked into our yard, passed a fence, picked apples off a tree more than once. I mean, I'm glad that's all they did. I mean, yeah, let there be apples. At the time I worked in an inpatient psychiatry unit at the safety net hospital for the metro area. Basically I worked with the most mentally ill patients possible. Like other hospitals could not handle them. So they sent the patients to us. Oh wow. One patient painted their children purple.


Not sure why, but she did. Oh man. That's sad. That's really sad. I know. And as I said, I currently work in a prison, so I have seen enough shit. Literally. Yeah, I'm sure you know what is and is not bonkers. And my haunted ghosty house was bonkers. Side note, while walking through the partially lit supply closet on an overnight shift at the hospital, I felt a full hand fingers and all press up against my upper back and shoulder area as if to S signal. Hey wait. My first thought was, what the fuck is a patient doing in here? I'm not in the mood. It's 4:00 AM I'm tired. But I turned around and no one was there and I'm pretty sure humans cannot fly. But I flew out of that closet and never went back in during a shift again.


I believe you. Oh my God. I never went back in during a night shift. don don't know why. I just, he's like, I quit. don don't work there anymore. Back to the house in the attic there was this wooden box then wasn a fixed randomly to the floor at the place where the floor and steeped ceiling met. I bet there's a much better way to describe that or some architectural term, but the ladder probably would not help many. It opened on the front as if it were to be a little playhouse, some might say a doll house. What was inside this random box? You ask a fucking doll. Why? Why? That's what I asked. Did the previous owner, a single man leave nothing in the entire house except a doll in the attic box from hell.


My question exactly. No one knows. Oh no. Also in the attic, a small portion was walled off with a door inside the room slash coffin were claw marks. Deep claw Mark Marks near the door jam again, that's not okay. Why not? Sure. Maybe they were dog claw marks as some suggested, but if there was a dog locked in the attic and that's small room. That's extra fucked up. Okay, thank you. I was like, even someone suggested you are like, that makes it worse. Yeah. Like what do you mean that's so Is a dog just locked in a room in an attic? That's also bad. Yeah, it's so hot in attics. I hate this. I hate it. I wondered if in the early 19 hundreds there could have been a mentally ill family member locked up there hidden away from the world.


Because at the time then wasn unfortunately a thing. That's the thing that I was thinking of, to be honest. Makes you think of it's very much a thing. American Horror story. Yeah, it's very much a thing. Oh, that's so sad. That they would like you'll find those kind of rooms in a lot of old houses and those then wasn what the purpose for what purpose was a lot of the time. I did not know that. Yeah, it's really sad. Oh, that's horrific. There was a What did, which one? Which one of those ghost shows? Was it the Atlantic Paranormal Society? I think it is. They Ghost hunters. Yeah, ghost Hunters. I love that show. That's a great show. And those guys are awesome and I love that they're from Rhode Island. I'm like New England, yay, let's go. But they had an a couple of episodes where they went into these old houses and they found rooms like that and they like were talking and they would find like scratch marks and shit.


What the fuck? Yeah, I remember it like vividly. 'cause I immediately started looking it up. Oh my God. That makes my heart very sad. I know. It's horrible. Yeah, yeah. Well, every time I was up there I felt like I was being watched. Karen's friend was known to be a psychic and one day she came over and she felt the presence of a man in overalls. Fun fact as she walked up these, as she walked up the stairs to the attic. I love that. That's a fun fact. I love fun fact overall. Well I just love like imagine being like so in tune with the other side that you're like, I sense a man and you're like, oh, you can sense that it's a man and you're like, he's wearing overalls. Like it's just like how do you feel the overalls, like how is that part of the sensation? I love that. Like do you feel it or do you see it?


Yeah, like do you, I hope she feels the overalls. It does say she felt the presence of a man in overalls. Exactly. She's feeling the overalls. Maybe she feels the rough denim. What her overalls feel. Overalls feel like rough. Yeah. Scratchy. Rustic. Rustic is rustic a feeling. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Why not? Do you feel rustic sometimes? I don know. I guess the overalls made me laugh. No, strangely, when I felt like I was being watched, I always joked then wasn a man. Well, not a funny joke after the psychic said that, but in fairness it's a 50 50 chance. Well in the US it's more like a 49, 51 chance favoring women. Yeah, pretty much. So close. One day Bob was playing piano on the main level.


It's a large open space, a living room to his right, the dining room behind him and windows along the entire wall. Through the windows we could see a neighbor's house. No one else was home. And then wasn Mid-afternoon. So not a scary time of day. Wrong. Wrong. He heard a crystal clear, a loud wait for it. Growl right next to his ear. We don't have a dog nor a lion, nor a cougar, nor anything else that could make that sound. I was gonna ask, I love that. You were like, we don't have a dog. And before you ask, we also don't have a lion and nope, don't even, yeah, we don't have a cougar. But do you have a panther? You didn't answer that, that No nothing else that could make that sound. He looked outside to see if there was a dog near the window, despite hearing it directly next to his ear and he saw nothing.


The windows were also not open. Feels like a Damon. Yeah, that's a Damon. Speaking of piano, sometime later my sister slept over and in the middle of the night she heard the piano playing downstairs, but everyone was asleep upstairs who was playing the piano, crying, distressed face. I love how this is written. That's like how I see the little do. That movie fucked me up for like two weeks. I'll forever sing the praises of hell house LLC as you should and never will I stop. It's a great movie. It's great. And it's horrifying. Yeah, it's scary. Watch it. Spooky season is upon us everybody. It's scared Dream too.


Yeah, and he thinks movies like that are kind of dumb. So John got vertigo from all the movement, but then wasn scared him, which is so scary. Scary. Vertigo is a scary thing to do. It made him sick. That's how scary. then wasn Woo boo. Well, a few weeks or even months later, Bob and I were home alone watching TV one night from the living room. No one can see the dining room as the two are attached and off the wait. No, I said no one can see the dining room, but one can see the dining room. Not one person can see one can. You're like, it's attached but no one can see it. It's kind of like a pig of your imagination. It's kind of thing. We don't let anyone see the dining room. No, it's okay. You can see the dining room as the two are attached and off the dining room is a large archway into the office.


This would be to the right of the piano for my position on the couch. I could not see the office as Bob could, as we innocently watched tv, he suddenly jolted his body back into the couch while he gasped and looked directly at the archway with wide unblinking eyes. Remember we live in a Roughish neighborhood, so I immediately thought that somebody came in one of the windows and I needed to get a knife and stab, stab, stab away. But you cannot knife a ghost. You can though. Ash says you can catch one in a jar. Have I said that? I probably have said some shit like that. Wait, when was I gonna catch a ghost in a jar? I'm positive you said that. Oh, I'm positive too. There was only, there was minimal doubt. When did I wanna catch a jar? A a ghost of I love mood.


He's like, you can't knife a ghost. But Ash did say you can catch one of the, I'm trying to think about when I wanted to do that. I'm sure then wasn one of our spooky episodes, you were like, did you know? Fun fact, you probably can. Or you were probably like, I wonder. Yeah, you probably stated it as fact. I just bought a bunch, a bunch of mason jars the other day. So maybe you think because there are, isn't there like a place where you can buy a ghost or adopt a ghost? What in London or something? It's like in Europe. That's really like gambling. I think there's like a place where you can, I'm gonna look it up because every, I'm sure people over there are like, you've dumbass. This is what it's called. How do you like pay for that?


Hold on Here. They're, it's the, let's see, Matlock, ghost emporium. Yeah. What does a ghost cost you? Let's, let's look at about, because I think it's supposed to be that like each ghost is has like a real ghost. Oh my god, they're so cute. I want them don't I want them don't. I think we have one. don don't know if they're the same.


That's what these are. This is behind G two. I know if they're those also. Is that what the fuck is happening in this room? Nah, those have been a while. We got those a while ago. Yeah, and we've been haunted for a while and one time the TV fell on my head. Elena, you never told. Is that what that is? I think I wrote, I read the thing in this person. Elena. Elena Kart. I'm gonna call your mom. I'm gonna call her. Are you joking me? I is there one behind me?


Yeah. I love the shot. I don't fuck with that. I don't. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe that's not what it's, oh, backtrack. Now you allowed spirits into this room that we don't even know. Look at this little mechanical maiden one. I like that one. No, no. This is everything I stand against. Let's see. Inviting unknown spirits into your space. No, no wonder the sage goes out around you. You allowed it. Yeah, I think it's I, I think I'm pretty sure it's like a A thing, you know. Well, Elena just informed me that you can buy ghosts and that we actually might have some in this room, so that's good.


Really excited about that. Can you hear how thrilled I am in my voice? You son of a bitch. These might just be different ones. How are we to know don? Don't know. Mine's cute though. I like him. I'm not saying I dislike them. I like them. You're a friend. Oh God. I'm gonna sage this place after this. Anyway, let me find my place again now that I've been demonically possessed. So I said one time that you can catch a a ghost in a jar. What he actually saw was not an intruder thankfully, but the upper half of a man floating across the archway. Oh yeah. Just that. Oh, okay. If he had legs, Bob would've been able to see them. I will never forget the fear in his eyes that night. I should also note he was super uber ultra adamant.


Ghosts did not exist prior to moving into that house. Hmm. To make matters even more fucked up. On two other occasions, Karen and Frank separately saw the same thing. The upper half of a man float past the same archway. This might be messed up to say, but you two, especially Elena will get it. I was pissed. I was the only one who did not see anything. Yes. I would be so mad. I would be upset too. A growling diamond and a fucking legless floating ghost. Time to eat. Right. Wrong. I was working nearly full time and I was in grad school, so I likely did not have the will to care. So we stayed. You're like, fuck it. It sometime later, Bob, I didn't see it. Who's getting the brunt of this ghostly shit? Likely because they were pissed that he did not believe they were real awoke in the middle of the night to see me standing in the window, rocking back and forth.


He was confused by the fuck I was doing. That creepy weirdness, but it wasn't me. It wasn't me. It wasn't me. He looked over and I was laying in bed next to him, sound asleep. He then panicked thinking I was dead and he was seeing my ghost. So he slapped my back and I groaned and rolled over. I'm alive. When he looked to the window, my question mark Ghost was gone. My, to be fair, this could have been a hypnopompic hallucination, which is blurring of dreams and reality or straight up hallucination in the weird time of waking, but still being a bit asleep. They're not uncommon, but not as common as hypno hypnogogic hallucination. So I wanna say, I was just gonna ask If, you meant Hypnogogic Gog.


I think it's Gog Hypnogogic Hypnogogic. I don't remember how you say it, but it's like GOG instead of POP, you know? Yes, yes. I was gonna ask if that's what he meant, but I think he must be talking about something different. Oh, well he says those occur when you're falling asleep. Think hypno. Go. Yeah. Gick or J? Yeah. There you go. Going to bed. You're welcome. Is this the last creepy story? Nope.


Most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions. The real number is closer to $300. That's literally thousands of dollars a year. You guys, half of which you've probably forgotten about and I know I did, but thankfully I started using Rocket Money. They found a bunch of subscriptions that I had completely forgotten about. Sometimes I had a duplicate subscription because I was like, oh, I don't have an account there and I just made another one. Are you joking me? They have helped me cancel the ones that I didn't want anymore. I literally had two Netflix accounts. How is that even possible? But Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. I love how the dashboard shows me this month's spending. Also compared to last month, I can clearly see my spending habits and I've been getting better because they create a custom budget that keeps my spending on track. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/ Morbid. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid rocket money.com/ Morbid.


Hey Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon Music. You have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a prime membership and I love it and you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


Good one. Drunk night, a bunch of friends were over and we were playing games in the living room upstairs. The friend's children were sleeping as we innocently play games, laugh and have some of this world fun. Some ghost twat was like, nah, no more fun. I assume this is what they said because we heard a very loud shatter upstairs as there were literal children up there. We all ran upstairs up the stairs to check on them. Their door was closed and upon opening it, they were undisturbed. Odd because that shatter was very loud though children can sleep through a tornado. Lucky. Yeah, it's true. Down the hall in another room was a shattered mirror. Haters be like, oh it's, it just fell off the wall. But guess what? It fucking did not just fall off the wall. I love haters be like, and then I love it.


Fucking did not. The mirror was hanging by a wire on a screw. The screw was unmoved nor then wasn. It slanted downward. So the mirror did not and could not slide off. The wire was also unbroken. So the mirror needed to be lifted off the screw. It's fucked up. That twat ghost lifted the mirror off the screw and threw it on the floor. That's bitchy. Karen put a new mirror in the same place, a full body mirror, which was leaned up against the wall. What happened to that mirror? I'm glad you asked it too. Broke mirror taste later. But did it simply slide down the wall and break when landing on its back? No. Nope. No. It fell forward. I knew it and shattered. So there's no way it slid down the wall. No. Now if a mirror is leaning against a wall, it takes effort slash force to flip it forward.


So that TDY ghost clearly had a problem with mirrors. As I type this, I feel bad because what if the ghost has body image issues? I was thinking that too. If you're listening, ghost, I'm sorry. I love you so much, Ralph. You can listen. Ghost. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Finally, one last story. Karen was home alone in the upstairs bathroom alone when she alone, when she heard footsteps slowly come up the stairs while home alone, alone, the house is over a hundred years old. So you can hear someone come up those stairs, they creaked like my knees. After a mid-afternoon nap jk, I can't nap. I can't either. I'm not so great at napping anymore either. Once it ascended that final stare, she heard footsteps slowly come down the hall and stop directly outside the bathroom door.


No noise, no breath, no voice, just silent pants, pooping, panic pants, Pooping panic. She finally gathered the badass bitch courage to open the door and no one was there. Did she then promptly burden that bitch to the ground? Nope. She is tough and no ghost will ever scare her out. Bob and I finally moved out due to ghost panic. Question mark. Nope. Twist simply time for a new home due to other circumstances, not ghostly related. But don't worry, there is some other weirdness occurring in our new home as well. Like hearing whispers. When we dropped in with Alexa, twice or loud bangs on the wall with absolutely no apparent cause, like loud ass bangs. I thought a tree branch hit the house. It has happened at least three times now.


Another time I was in my happy place vacuuming and suddenly I felt something slash someone forcibly stop my vacuum as I, as I was minding my own GD business, then wasn as if I backed the vacuum into a wall. Real unnerving. I hope you enjoyed this banana story, which actually was quite long, I have to say, or I have a lot to say. I kept my prison potty mouth at bay. Kudos to me. I also, I also, kudos to me, you're hilarious. I also saw ghost Jesus in the middle of the woods overlooking a lake from a small hill. My sober friend saw it slash him too. So no to the skeptics out there, I did not see things because I was drunk. How many times have you hallucinated due to alcohol?


Don't bother answering I. know the answer. Zero times Ps. Imagination is an active process. So when people say, then wasn, just your imagination. That's crap. How many times have you imagined a ghost? if that, I'm just like cry laughing. I love you Are just like roasting Everyone. It's awesome. If that was the power of, if that was the power of my imagination, I would be imagining Zach Efron all the time. PS again, I cannot stop myself. I wonder if I'm more attuned to the otherworldly things because I'm a psychologist and you know, listen pretty well. You can throw some empathy in there too. I sweat being gay. I sweat being gay.


I think it's supposed to say, I swear. I swear. Being gay plays a role also. It makes me less threatening To men and women. Men and women To men and women to men And women. Dead to alive. Women do not need to worry. I will creep on them or worse and men don't have to worry about me getting into some neanderthal dick swinging contest. That sounds like I said. That bit sounds like fun. That bit sounds like fun. Bullshit. Fighting over a female mate to bop over the head and dragged to a cave. Ugh. Note I do not believe all straight men are like that. I should be done now. PS again, I'm the worst on my drive home. I noticed on a small, on a small silver box on the edge of a bridge, overhanging the highway, Morbid spray painted in green letters.


My immediate thought, my soon to be ax murderer knows I take this highway and knows I listen to Morbid. They are sending me a message. I saw that message like a year ago. Still here and kicking. I cannot go. I cannot go on. I am certain anyone who knows me and is listening knows this is my tale. There is literally no one like me whispers gay prison psychologist who worked in an inpatient psych and has a ghost tale or too, keep it weird, but not so weird that you live in a house with a doll in an attic hell box, claw marks a torso, ghost, a growl. The ghost of when you are actually alive. Broken mirrors and creepy footsteps. Five.


I am literally obsessed with you. Oh my God, this is absolutely the best. then wasn everything. then wasn. Really funny. I love you so much Ralph. Ralph, you rule Ralph forever. Let's be friends Ralph. We already are. Truly, we already are. We need to start answering Ralph's mid commentary. I realized by the way, that these are from the York Ghost merchants and they're like a very renowned merchant of ghosts. They do not specifically say that they're ghost trapped in there. It's heavily implied, but it's not said I, I can't even express my overwhelming urge to throw my Stanley at you just now. No, I really meant they're, they're just like specifically, they're like a very renowned place to get ghosts.


This one says listener tale. This is a good one. I swear. Sorry. I just bonked my Stanley on my computer instead of throwing it across the room. I immediately got attached to this one. So I'm glad I'm old and I don't know if this, if I did this correctly, but here's my listener tale. I thought you were still talking first. I mean, me too. Me too. They wanted Ghost Whisper and I gave courage. The Carwood Lee Dog. It's about my ex who was dating me when, but was involved with four other people at the same time. Except they were dead. So, wow. Alright. Both of us just go, wow, wow. Let's go. So Listener Tale, they wanted Ghost Whisper but got Kurd, the Cowardly Dog instead ep.


That show used to scare the shit out of me when I was little. Yeah. Ghost Whisper or Courage? The courage. The Whisper Coward. Lee Dog. Actually, I used to love Ghost Whisper. Oh damn. Used to be on at like six o'clock after all my other programs. I never watched it. Oh, that's Jennifer Le P, right? Yep. It is. Yeah, it's a girl. It then wasn like then wasn like a drama. 'cause there was always like a sad reason why they couldn't cross over. Oh yeah, of course. There's one specific episode that I will never forget where this guy died. then wasn like a football player and he died because like another football player collided in just the right spot of his chest to make his heart go poof. And it's called a certain thing and it's real and it's one of my biggest fears. Yeah, I mean, don't play football.


I mean, you never have to tell me that. Don't even when I played in high school on the powder puff thing, I just walked the sidelines. Really? No one wanted me to be there. It's fine. Well, this says hi you Ghoulish gals. I am Kaylin. You can wholeheartedly use my name because anyone who knows me knows that I'm a creepy freak and I'm more than okay with that. I love your vibe. That's great. I wanted to start off with you, with you two are amazing, insanely amazing. And what you do not only brightens many people's days, but opens a lot of hearts and eyes, horrible and Morbid cases that need to be spoken of more. Thank you. Thanks. I would spend more time loving on you, but sadly I have some trauma and that stops me from being all mushy gushy. And instead I show my love by being a total smart ass with sarcastic comments.


Are you from New England? I was gonna say, that's great. I spend my days listening to you. I'm a mail carrier, so all I do is hand out bills and gruesome facts all day long. You're welcome folks who have come in contact with me. I would listen to you guys when I'm home, but my husband says, I watch and listen to too many quote, how to Kill Your Husband and get away with It. Podcasts and shows. I like to keep 'em on his toes. Also, I frequently say fresh air is for dead people because it makes it a good reason as to why my hermit as stays inside every chance I can. But I digress. Anyw who this tale is about how I dated, asked you how I dated an asked use of a human who brought more people into our relationship than just us and all of them were dead. Yep. Hold onto all your cheeks.


It gets creepy, chaotic, and it's just an all around horror story from beginning to end. Okay. I will state that I'm very, very in touch with the spiritual side. Since I was young. I was able to speak to and see people who are not alive anymore. I also knew things about people without realizing I should not, I told my uncle that his girlfriend was gonna try and kill him. I was five and yes, she in fact did try to kill him. So he thought maybe then wasn a good time to call it quits. Probably I guess having a shit picker. Having a shit picker runs in our family or something. I told my mom things about her fa her past. I shouldn't have never known. And I told my dad about the woman who was going to die by suicide below his apartment and she did as well five days after I left for Christmas break.


So yeah. Damn. The thing is, the older I got, the more I cut myself off from it because I am a total and utter wuss. You're not a wuss. No. That's just like very overwhelming and very intense. Like I don't even like talking to people who are alive. Why would I wanna socialize with dead ones? You know? The thing is when I drink there's no cutting it off and that is a huge part of this story. Oh, that makes sense, right, because you're just like uninhibited. Yeah. So I started dating this dumpster fire of a man when my life was at an all time low because that's what you do when you have abandonment issues, parent issues, surprise. I have mommy and daddy issues so you can call me an all around winner because I got the two for one deal on shitty sperm and egg donors.


Girl, I got the same one Except my dad's hopper. Right. I'm so sorry about those deals, but, but, and you know what? You are a winner because then wasn not your fault. Exactly. You got dealt some shit cards. You just had to be here. Yeah. You are the winner here. Okay, winner winner. Chicken. Chicken dinner, motherfucking dinner. We will call this guy X. It's funny because it goes off of his name and he's my ex. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Well we saw each other twice before he asked me to move states away with him. Of course, because I do everything I shouldn't. I have to do it just to make sure I shouldn't, I told you drama. So I gather a suitcase of my things and move across states with this guy.


Things seemed off from the very beginning. He was in the military and lived off base. The day we got to his house, he left to go in the field. The house was nice but I just couldn't shake the feeling of it having a really dark presence to it. At night. Lights would go on and off. The TV would blare at three o'clock. Oh, almost every single night. He had this huge mirror that sat across from the bed and it gave me the chills every time I looked at it, I hated being alone. There not supposed to have a mirror at the foot of your bed. Oh yeah. You always tell me that actually there's a mirror at the foot of your bed isn't there? It's off to the side. It's still at the foot of your bed. You should actually move that. Why? What is the, the whole thing that it's like a whole portal, but isn't it a portal no matter where it is in the room, if it's, there's some reason why if it's at the end it's like don don't know if it's like a feng shui thing or something like that.


I think it's feng shui more than a portal. But that's like spiritual too. Is it? Yeah. All I know is don don't like it. don don't know where else to put it. I mean it looks good where it is, but I'm like, don don't know. It looks good. Maybe that's why there's a a second you bitch. Maybe I've created a portal with my, put it back where then wasn before it looked fine there, but that's also right to the side of the end of the bed. Way less close though. don don't know this fe this feels nitpicky of the, of the spiritual realm. Hey, that they're like, if I'm, I bet they would be nitpicky though. If I'm five centimeters to the right, then it's okay, but I'm facing it. Laugh now. Look, don, don't know.


I won't be laughing when you get dragged off to a weird portal in the middle of nowhere. Damn. Do you see? I said I wouldn't be laughing, but, but damn, I'd be upset. The fuck I didn't know then. wasn supposed to happen. don don't know what happens. I'll move it slightly to the side. You should, to make you feel better. Thanks. I'll do that. For, you. You should put it like we can talk about your mirror later. No, let's talk about it now. No, I Where? Where I put my mirror guys? Where do I put my Mother fucking mirror to Instagram votes later. Yeah. Tell me. Send me dms. Where do I put my mirror blood comment on this. On this episode post? Yeah. There you go. My dogs are speaking about it right now.


Oh, I think you should get rid of it and move treats there. They're like, don don't know. I like looking at myself, So I hated being alone there, but I also know he would be home soon, so yay. He comes back home three days later and surprises me with a bottle of tequila. I was like, oh sir, don't tempt me with a good time. We started taking that bottle down like then wasn the last bottle of water we had in dying in the desert. I mean, it's unhealthy, but your girl could throw it back. Then Now I just throw up. I got drunk and then I started to sense there was more to this apartment than just being dark. He was, he was dark. He had this horrible thing. then wasn attached to him and I could feel it. I could feel her.


That night. I felt and saw a gray, thin woman watching us from the hallway. A gray thin woman watching you from the hallway. You say that sounds like it follows. I hate that. That's exactly what that sounds. I hate that. Watching us from the ceiling. So watching hallway mostly watching him. Mostly I my my like from the ceiling. Ceiling would be up. I'd be like, you get your eyes somewhere else, bitch. I would say you could have him. Goodbye. I'm leaving Drew. She doesn't mean it. No, not, no, this man's is dark. Throw this man to the curb.


If then wasn drew, I would, oh, I'd square up with old gray. That's what I'm saying. I'm like, then wasn me. I'd be like, let's go bitch thinking Look like past like shitty people. Oh yeah. Take 'em. You can take my ex. Go right ahead. Yeah, take 'em. Take him into the shadow realm with you. don. Don't give a shit.


Listen, I'm a girly who loves a holistic approach, but I also like science-backed research. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I love SymbioticA. SymbioticA is a supplement brand that I love and I trust. I personally started taking SymbioticA because I would wake up in the morning and just notice that I was depleted of all my energy sources. But since taking their products, I have noticed that I have such improved energy. Right upon waking up SymbioticA supplements are formulated with high quality ingredients. SymbioticA is transparent about how and where they source their ingredients to ensure that you get the best products possible. Their formulas don't have any seed oils, preservatives, toxins, artificial additives or any kind of natural flavors. I actually love the taste of SymbioticA. It's not, I feel like whenever I take a supplement, it's like chalky, not SymbioticA. It just tastes scrumptious. Feel more energized, alert and balanced with high quality supplements that work. Head over to SymbioticA dot com slash Morbid and use code Morbid for 20% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order.


All right, so yeah. Thin, gray woman watching from the hallway, watching from the ceiling, watching him mostly, but she knew I could feel her around us. Why do you, how do you know what She knows this. The best visual I can give is if the grudge girl was an all black and white. Oh my God, I hate it when you said the best visual. That's a, that's the worst. Worst. That's the visual. Actually. I told him what I was feeling and that she had made her presence known to me, and he stopped and just stared at me. I thought he thought I was crazy, but instead he told me, since he was a little boy, he had an attachment. His family who practices Santeria tried to do everything they could to protect him from it, but this suck you bus wouldn't let him go.


Everyone go Google what a succubus is. That's the ghost that fucks you, right? Googles the way you just said it's a sex one. The way she looks so serious. That means she was like, I'm correct, right? Leave it in. Oh man, that's that kind of ghost. That's that kind of ghost and now that I was there, she was angrier than ever again. I would say, yeah, I gotta go. You could have him. I gotta go. We went to bed that night and I was awoken to death. Curdling screams in my ears. then wasn as if my brain was screaming.


Whoa. When I shot up out of bed, he was sitting up just looking at me. I asked him, X, did you hear that? Nothing. I asked again. He just kept staring at me and didn't even blink. Once I had chills all over my body. I looked at him and realized then wasn as if he had turned a stone. No movement. I couldn't even tell if he was breathing, so I started shaking him, pleading with him to wake up and acknowledge what the fuck just happened. He never did. He sat there for two hours and never moved. Plenty of time. For you to book a plane ticket and get the fuck outta there together. There I am not making this up. I wish I was, but that will live with me till I die. then wasn, the first time I ever felt truly helpless and fearful of what the paranormal world could do.


Yeah, I bet. I stayed there with him till he laid down and went back to his normal sleep. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't even put together what the actual fuck was happening. Did I dream this? Was I that drunk? No. It just got worse. When we would, he would leave for the field. I would be awoken to the same scream. I hate the scream. I hate a scream. And one night while I laid there, I saw in that stupid hauntingly, creepy but beautiful mirror, A shadow cross behind me. Mind you, the bed was against the wall. There was nowhere for someone to cross behind me. I jumped outta bed and told whoever was there to leave. They were not welcome. I cried. I straight up cried for hours trying to turn on the tv. Never helped. They would just turn it back off. That would piss me off.


Yeah, I love the office. It's like, what calms me? I have to have the TV on night. I'd be really irritated if I was trying to get my cozy mood. Me too. And they were like, no, silence. It is. That sounds like like the the Wait. I'll let you read the rest of this. 'cause it sounds like Poltergeist, like Yeah, they would just turn it back off. They would blast the volume. They would shake the bed, shake the sofa. Every time he came back home, he was different, more angry at me for things. I wasn't allowed to use certain cups or plates. What the fuck? He told me that I what I could and couldn't eat. He told me how to wear my hair and how to dress. It became a nightmare all around me. I'm so sorry. I know he'd leave and though it sucked to be alone, I almost felt like I had some time to breathe till the ghost stepped back into play and yes, multiple.


The more sad I became, the more I would drink I know. I know I'm a healthy cop. I'm a healthy copper. Zero out of 10 would recommend. I think Cooper. Cooper probably. But sometimes you do what you think you gotta do. Well, one night of drinking myself to sleep, I got a text from Mr. Wasted space and he tells me I need to be out the next day. This, that his leader found out he was dating someone and living with them while he was still married. Oh, your girl out. Your girl lost it. After going on a full blown hunt to find his said wife. I messaged her. I told her I had no idea and that I was heartbroken for her more than anyone after us girls banding together because that's what the fuck you do. Hell yeah. Good For you. I kept drinking that night because that's not what you do, and I let every single wall down.


I started writing everything I felt and everyone who came to me, the succubus stayed back, but let herself be known. Then an older woman came forward, long black hair and definitely not a fan of mine. She told me she was his grandmother and did not approve of me being with him. Oh, another stepped forward a soldier. He was young and extremely protective over me. He told me I was safe, but I needed to leave immediately. And then another man mid forties maybe, and had drown drowned in a lake nearby. He told me he had two children and a wife, not even five miles away from where I was. Oh my God. I was writing scribbles everywhere, trying to coherently taken all their stories, 10 pages of stuff.


Definitely looked like a doctor. Wrote it because then wasn my loosey goosey writing stage of half cursive and half, who knows what the fuck it is. These spirits came to me looking for the ghost whisper, and I straight up gave them drunken courage. The cowardly dog. Not my best moment, but definitely not my worst. The next day I gathered my things and left the hell house. I will say, while moving my things out, I took every fork but one and also took the microwave plate. The microwave plate. That's fucking genius. That is amazing. To take the microwave plate as a power move. I have never known the power moves. A power moves like that is wow. The microwave play. 'cause that's gonna hit. Yeah, that's gonna, and that's gonna hit in a moment.


You're just like, oh, I wanted those Roman noodle soap. The worst moment, the worst moment. That's, I'm not, I'm not a petty person usually, but I was horrifically hungover and feeling a little spicy that day. No good For. you also, the dick shit deserved it and those forks belonged to his wife to begin with, so whatever. Fuck that. I left my chicken scratch notes right on top of the kitchen counter that I took down the night before and without skipping a beat. He called me that night. When he came back to the house, he said, what was his name? The soldier? What was his name? I told him. then wasn John, the man started to cry. I mean, could barely speak. I soon figured out a lot that night. The succubus that had followed him around was due to him playing with a Ouija board. When he was very young, he had become possessed.


His family members had cast spells of protection on him and it seemed to help until his grandmother had passed away. His grandmother was the older woman I spoke to that night when she passed. He said the succubus clung to him and never let go of him after that. The soldier I spoke to was a guy he was in the military with. One day. They had switched places on a Humvee and it sadly hit an IED, the side my ex was supposed to be on, got hit the hardest and ended up with John losing his life that day. Ex always blamed himself with that feeding at him. It only ever fueled his succubus more. He told me he, it never had dreams, only nightmares, and always felt like his body, his mind and body were at two different places at night. He was happy to hear John was still there and making sure everyone was safe.


That's all he ever did for X when they were serving together. Wow. Now, the mid forties, man, he had no idea about, didn't know him, but did hear about an accidental drowning. The year he moved there, the wife and two children were begging to help find him. They did shortly after when his body was recovered two miles away from our house. With all that being said, I did get my shit together and ended up marrying my best friend three years later. Aww. We have two beautiful children and I couldn't ask for a better husband and father. Oh, that makes me really happy. That's incredible. I sometimes wish I never had to go through that, but man, am I glad to be married to a preacher's son who never once been possessed. Yay. For me to add, to add my 3-year-old son is just like I am.


Poor guy. He tells me about the man in our house. He has woken me up to point at the wall and asked, who's that? I debated on selling him on Etsy because you know he's homemade and you'll never get more money that, and you'll get more money that way. But he also started talking about my grandmother too. I debate selling him on Etsy because you know he's homem mate. That's incredible. You'll get more money that way. But he also started talking about my grandmother a day after she passed. He tells me how she sits on the sofa with us and watches tv. So I guess I'll just keep my little ghost busters. No, thank you ladies, and congratulations on all you two have done and will continue to accomplish. Keep it weird, but don't keep it this weird.


Take it away, Ash. Keep it so weird, but not so weird that you sell your son on Etsy, even if he is homemade. Even if he is so amazing. Wow. I love wow. Oh my God. then wasn. Great. Amazing. All right, we have one last listen. A tale For you today. It's Listener Tales regarding episode 4 24. Ann Caster, nannies and kids who talk to ghosts. Ooh, hi screams. Canada, like France. My name. Like France. Like France. My name is, let me see. Caitlin, I think, right? Yeah, Caitlin. You can say it, but you already did so.


You're welcome. I love that. But you already did. Alright, let me go to the Pfu. The Pfu. No, it's the same thing and it says, but you already did, so you're welcome. For a weird and brief period of my life, I lived in Hamilton, the waterfall capital of the world, and went to college with Tim Boswell's niece A few years after the evil onion events took place. Damn safe to say the community will never recover. I was driving when I heard this episode and then wasn 10 58 when I stopped it to listen when I had computer access. You pronounce Ka Jiji and a Toko, I think it is correctly. Hell yeah. Something about a truck is a country song by Kip Moore, and you were so close on the words, but it's farmer's fields, not tan close.


Oh, so close. Fill in many various compliments. I love you and I'm grateful For you is here. I love you and I'm grateful For you. I love you and I'm grateful. For, you too. Onto the story. When I was eight, my nanny, my maternal grandmother, passed away suddenly and unexpectedly. She was so funny. She taught me how to craft and sew. She played a mean game of cards and made a magical root beer float. I want a root beer float so badly now. Oh, they're so good. Oh, she loved angels apples and having her face tickled to sleep by her granddaughters. Oh my God. What a grandma I know. At Christmas time, she filled five foot tall stockings for the grandkids. That's amazing. And would let us stay up late long as she got a foot massage out of the deal. That's a boss bitch right there.


Yeah, it is. Losing her was tough for all of us. Aw, sorry. 23 years later, my mom still thinks about picking up the phone to call her, and I never take for granted being able to call my mama. Oh, I had the odd, spooky dream about her when I was young, but never encountered her spirit until after she passed. My nephew h who was born 11 years after she was already gone, however, got to meet his great nan through ghost tea parties. Oh my God, I love this. For a few days, I know, this is great. For a few days he was sitting or standing near a corner of my sister's living room and babbling away. My sister asked who he was speaking to, and he would always say, nanny Buckley. Nobody in our family ever really called her that because she was just nanny to us. Hmm. But had she been with us to see great grandchildren come into the world, that's what she would've been called.


My mom was very excited to be nanny to her own grandkids. It freaked my sister out, but she let it go because it didn't make any sense. My poppy Roy was having some health issues and my sister was spending extra time with him On a particularly hard day, H said to my sister, nanny Buckley says Hi back. Here's where my sister started to pay attention because she, she talks aloud to my nanny when she's in her car alone. So hearing her 3-year-old say, your dead grandma says high back was slightly alarming a little bit. He continued to have tea parties with her and would occasionally pass on a Hello h and I hung out one day while my sister took my poppy to the hospital for test results. The diagnosis was cancer and the prognosis was not good. They returned home and my sister happily chatted away with my nephew pretending her world hadn't just been shattered by a guy with a clipboard.


Our badass mom was a single hardworking mom to four kids. Our nanny and Poppy helped raise us and lived with us for most of our our lives. So he was a best friend, a rock aw and the glue to all of us. She asked h if he had tea with his nanny and very knowingly without knowing anything at all. 'cause my sister was holding it so together and I didn't even know the news yet, said, no, she was with Poppy today. He really needed her. Oh my God. Stop. He had the odd encounter with her after that, but it didn't last too long. The BTE had with my poppy, was unbreakable. In the few short years they had together, they created a true lifetime of memories of going for quote unquote coffee. Oh my God. Stop coffee for pop watered down hot chocolate and a tinbit for the kid.


Oh, a timid is a tiny donut hole, but way better from Tim Horton's fishing in every season watching Old Western movies and playing with the tickle monster Poppy's hand. Of course, this was a favorite of ours when we were little too. My God, I love your nanny and Poppy I know. Eight months after his diagnosis, H came to visit him at my mom's house where he was being taken care of. They had their mostly silent visit and left. A minute later, h busted back through my parents' door, threw his his little arms around Poppy and told him he loved him. Within a few hours, my nanny and Poppy were finally reunited after too many years of him being so lost without her. Oh, our world will never feel like home without them, but I hope they're happy Wherever they are, they deserve it.


My nephew is 12 now, doesn't see ghosts and doesn't think I'm cool anymore. Damn kids. Anyways, keep it weird, but not so weird that you let your nephew have tea parties with ghosts or maybe do Definitely do. Caitlin from Screams Canada, from Canada attached to our photos of my poppy and my nephew, my poppy and I, my nanny with my siblings and I. I had to crop it because then wasn the nineties and nobody was wearing a shirt. My now husband, just like a bunch of pictures. I love that. Oh my God. Let me see. Your poppy is exactly what I thought he would be. Oh, I see them now. I couldn't see them at first. Oh my God. He's so sweet. What a cutie patootie. Oh, oh.


I love these pictures. Oh my god, I love them. Aw. Oh, your poppy is just so, such a grandpa, such a poppy. Like he's such a poppy. Aw. I just love it. Wow. then wasn a great story. then wasn a perfect one to end on. Oh man. Thank you for that, Caitlyn. You guys are the best. You guys rule better than the rest. then wasn a great batch. I liked that one. What a, what a fascinating batch. I know what was the common scene keys we had, so there really wasn't. There wasn't. I kind of like that when that happens. Yeah. Well we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird. Your but nots so weird that somebody sees a ghost version of you in your house because you're still alive and that would be so scary. Definitely. Don't keep it so weird that you babysit for a cold butted killer.


Or even If. you don't know because oh my God. Scary, scary, scary. Do keep it so weird that you have a kid who has ghost tea parties because I love that one. And honestly, maybe keep it so weird that you steal somebody's microwave plate. 'cause I love that. That's the best kind of petty. Bye Bye.


If, you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.