
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Ava And. It is Hands down. The best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients. And each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything. That your body craves to feel your best. nd It is creamy. It's smooth. Comes together with just water and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites, If, you know me. You know vanilla And, chai I like to do half, half, boom. Vanilla chai. but if that's not your vibe, they've Also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava. First thing nd at morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. Nd then I. Know That, I'm starting my day Energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients. That I need to put In my body first thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy. I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. for a limited time Just, go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K, A CHA V A dot com slash Morbid. I love cava


Hey Morbid. Listeners, have you heard That? You can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free. Well, good news. With Amazon music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast. Included with your prime membership I have a prime membership. And I, love It And. You will too. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon dot com slash ad free true crime. That's Amazon dot com slash a free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


Hey weirdos. I'm m Ash. nd I'm Elena nd this Is Morbid. It is Morbid. It's leopard print wardrobe. I. We've been on a journey. Yeah, we had the the little mini book tour. Yes. Went So. Well, it went So well. but men we were slap happy for a lot of It. Oh my God. And. Just to explain the leopard print comment. Yeah. Quickly. Up at the top, we were listening to Alaska Thunderfuck disc discography as one does as well.


and I showed Alina the song Leopard Print And. If you haven't t heard It throw That shit on 'cause it's a banger. When I tell you it's one of the funniest things I've ever I. Don't know why it's great. It hit my funny bones because nd It hit again. So it wasn't just the slap, happy, exhausted ness. Yeah. 'cause it hit during the day. Yeah. It hit during the day too. The same way. Yeah. I wasn laughing so hard. It's me. It's brilliant. It's who I am. Everything must be leopard print. nd if it's not leopard print, it's around. It's irrelevant. nd I too. Alaska Thunderfuck would buy a leopard print elephant. See? So There you go. There you go. Yeah. The bookstore wasn a lot of fun. It wasn. It wasn great. You guys were great. and you're f to to see everybody.


I'm still not quite understanding how it wasn real. It wasn. Real I. Saw nd how my own like That wasn. Crazy. Big crowds. Big crowds. and you were lovely. You were great And. So engaged and you asked great questions. And, you gave me good, you gave me good face while I wasn up There like you, you were serving face. You gave me good like I'm intrigued by What. You're saying face, which makes me feel good. And I nd mugs were mugging. I appreciated. That. Yeah. It. wasn fun. It wasn a lot of fun. I would do. I would do it sometime. nd at future I would do It sometime. I would do it sometime again. nd at future. Yeah. It's, it made me tired though. That's the I'm yawning now. Oh, it wasn. Literally just yawning. I'm a very big introvert.


Yeah. So I get like super depleted by NY kind of outside of my house activity. So it wasn a it wasn a An exercise In stamina for me. I know anyone who met me at the Berkshires event. I'm sorry if I wasn very low energy. I kept thinking on the way home. I wasn. Like I hope. I wasn like kind. And Like we were just like, because I wasn, like when I'm tired, I can't make conversation. Like I can't No. I'm just saying I'm terrible at it. And I. Just keep saying, oh, I love That. Yeah. Exhaust I love exhaust and and I Exhaust. Genuinely do love That. Yeah, but it you just, but it's all my brain knows how to say after a certain point. It's true, but it wasn So. Cool meeting some of you guys. And It wasn awesome. It wasn So. Much fun. You guys rule So hard.


I can't even begin to tell you. You rule. You rule so hard. That motherfuckers wanna find you. And. I. It sounds like you know, you guys are digging the second book, which is blowing my mind and making me so happy because I really love the second book. It's pretty all right. Yeah. You guys are have been awesome I appreciate That I love the second book. but yeah, the butcher game, you know, hang on tight. 'cause you know, don't go anywhere after. Yeah. Because maybe, maybe there's more don don't know. Alina's got more I don know more to say at all times. don don't know I don't know. but don't be mad at the end. Okay. That's all don saying. I'm mad. I'm big mad. You're big mad. but technically I'm not.


'cause I've seen some other stuff. Yeah. 'cause you know there's little, I've seen the secret whiteboard You have. It's true. Ha ha. All right, well it's spooky season And. Hell yeah. and we have a haunting, specifically A Haunting in Connecticut. but, but which is right over there. but it's right over There looking at it. This is the sneer family. Haunting I looked up how to say That multiple times. So if it's wrong, Google's wrong Okay. So let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. Alan Carmen Sneer met in Plainville Connecticut. Oh. In 1977, she was working as a server at a local bowling alley and he stopped in for a beer and they immediately thought the other one was a cutie p Tootie.


They said, who's that Hottie? They said, who's that? Them. But then what, what, what happened? I don I don Dunno why I said, but then, but then nothing, nothing big happened. Oh, they, there was an undeniable attraction is what happened. But then the undeniable attraction came in the room and told you guys I was tired. You really led that one in. You were like bought that, bought that And. I was like, what? There was undeniable attraction. Yeah. You like, no, this really liked each other. Yeah. But there is a But Carmen was a single mother with two small boys at home.


She was very hesitant to dive back into a relationship again. And Al had also just come out of a bitter divorce after a pretty short-lived marriage. So they both had similar hesitations about moving too quickly into something That makes sense. Yeah. And it's responsible. That is so they took things slow. They dated casually, but eventually things did become more serious over like two years. And they decided to get married. Oh, look at them. So after the wedding, the family moved to Hurley New York, where Al found work at a local stone quarry. And Carmen was babysitting for local families while raising her own children, which included her son's, Philip and Michael from her first marriage. And eventually two more children that she and Al had together.


Their life in Ville was small. It was simple, but they liked it that way. They had a good community. Carmen was involved in church activities that kept her busy when she wasn't taking care of all the neighborhood children. But in 1986, Alan Carmen received very unexpected and very awful news that would upend their lives. In April of 1986, 14-year-old Philip developed a dry hacking cough that he just couldn't seem to shake. And Al mentioned it to Carmen and he was like, what's that about? and he was kind of concerned that it could be serious, but she was like, oh, I think it's probably just like a seasonal cold. You know, everybody gets 'em. But a week later, Philip called his mom's attention to this small lump he found on the left side of his neck.


And that was when she got really concerned. So they made an appointment with the pediatrician out of an abundance of caution that doctor recommended that Philip be admitted to the hospital for tests. And a few days later, Alan Carmen learned that their son had Hodgkin's lymphoma cancer. Oh, that's awful of the lymphatic system. Yeah. Oh damn. At 14 years old. I was just gonna say, so young. Really sad. Now as one of the many small towns and villages that make up the Catskills, Hurley New York didn't have a hospital of its own. And the local medical providers didn't have any of the resources or expertise really needed to provide ongoing cancer treatment. Yeah. So Alan Carmen really didn't have NY choice but to travel back nd forth between Hurley and Farmington.


Connecticut Wow, So That. Philip could receive treatment out There So. They were making daily trips to John Dempsey Hospital. nd these trips were two and a half hours each way. So Carmen and Philip were both usually completely exhausted by the time they got home. Of course. and he's exhausted anyway. Yeah. Fortunately Al did have some family nd at area. So Carmen and Philip could stay with them on occasion instead of doing the drive back and forth. but it became clear pretty quickly. That staying with family And driving five hours a day. It wasn just not sustainable. Yeah. It's, and it's not helping the situation. You're all stressed. Yeah. You know, adding lack of sleep, And, all of That is like probably not great. Too much. Yeah. So nd at interest of time, money And, most importantly Philip's Health, Alan Carmen decided It wasn probably In everybody's best interest.


That the family moved to Connecticut to be closer to the hospital. So, when Philip wasn't going through treatment at John Dempsey Hospital, Carmen spent her days looking for an apartment. That could accommodate their now large family. Yeah. I. wasn gonna say it's a lot of people. Yeah, it's a lot of kids. The two of them. but the problem wasn, That, What, wasn available at the time, wasn either too small or like way beyond their budget. One afternoon she wasn driving to see an apartment and nearby Southington and she drove by a beautiful three story home on a quiet street. nd it had a four rent sign nd at front yard. So she wasn like, Ooh. She wasn like bitch No the apartment. That she wasn supposed to be going to see, ended up being too small. It wasn not gonna work out. Yeah. but fuck That apartment.


but fuck That apartment. Honestly. Fuck That noise. Yeah. but she had some time to kill before heading back to the hospital. So, she decided to stop at the house. That, she saw earlier That day with the big front sign out, In front And inquire about the availability. So inside. She said when she got there, the house wasn full of contractors, workmen of all types, all renovating one part or or another of the first floor. She wasn't really sure who she should speak to about renting. So she just went from one workman to the other until she found the foreman. and the foreman told her That, the owners weren't there at the time, but He did let her And the second floor apartment to give her an idea of What the first floor apartment wasn gonna look like once it wasn all done Okay. Now the second floor apartment. It wasn, beautiful.


It wasn, spacious It could definitely accommodate Carmen Al nd the four kids. It wasn perfect. She loved it. She didn't wanna get too excited though, because she figured an apartment So large And, nice wasn probably out of their price range. but she still took the landlord's number and she called him as soon as she got home. Because you never know. You never know. She said shoot your shot. Yeah. What do you What, do you say you miss, you miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. Yes. It's not my quote, it's the office. Right. Wayne Gretzky, Michael Scott. Yes, of course. You know. So the landlord, Darrel Kern, He wasn polite on the phone. but when Carmen mentioned That, they had four children. She said she noticed a change. In his tone. but He didn't say That. Kids weren't allowed. and to her surprise, the rent wasn actually well within their budget, So, when He offered the downstairs apartment, she didn't hesitate.


She took It. She said Hell yeah. She said That wasn a little weird, but it's a gorgeous apartment. Whatever. Yeah. So finding an affordable apartment near the hospital. wasn obviously a relief. It meant That, they could start saving money again. Carmen And. Philip could stop spending half their day driving between New, York and Connecticut. but still, Carmen wasn left with this weird feeling. In her chest like It wasn anxiety. She couldn't shake it. Gotta listen to That And. She said she figured It wasn because she hadn't seen the first floor. Yeah. and she wasn like What. If it's not as nice What, if it's not as spacious, nd What, if In her rush to ma to find an apartment, she made things worse for her family. Like inadvertently, you know, she didn't know it at the time, but her decision to take the apartment, In Southington would definitely have serious consequences for their entire family.


And space and affordability would be the least of their concerns soon. Oh boy. Yeah. So obviously for most people, moving from one state to another is pretty fucking difficult and daunting regardless of their circumstances. but for Carmen And al this wasn pretty shitty timing. Yeah. Like their son is very sick. Yeah. Very shitty. And Also Al put In a transfer request with his company, but it wasn gonna take a while for them to fulfill It. Ah, So. He wasn gonna have to stay back. In, New York while everybody else moved to Connecticut. Oh, That sucks. and Philip wasn too. Ill to be of much help. nd at moving process. nd Carmen's second oldest son, Michael wasn spending the summer with his grandmother, In, Alabama. So pretty much all of the responsibility wasn on her to get things packed and moved over.


Obviously Al could help, but like He wasn, Also working. Yeah. And the process. wasn made doubly challenging by the fact That. You know, of course they needed to pack and move as soon as they could. but at the same time, Philip still wasn going back and forth for treatments. So, they were hardly out of the woods. Yeah. Now one night, a couple weeks before the move, they're still In their their place. Carmen had this dream where she wasn walking through a hall. This is So fucking creepy. She wasn walking through a hallway lined with caskets. and she said each one contained a pale nude body of some unknown deceased person. Ooh. And. She wasn't alone. In her dream. There wasn another man walking through the halls. She said He wasn quote, zigzagging In nd out between the caskets carrying one of those old ominous tools.


That undertakers once used nd at embalming process. Oh, when she woke up, she turned to Al and she just blurted out the apartment That house. It's a funeral home. What the fuck. Like just she knew What the fuck immediately. No one had said anything to Carmen about the home having ever been a funeral home. She said, but she said somehow she just knew That, It, wasn. Or at least That. It had been one at one point. In time. So al wasn like Okay. Do you wanna back out of It? Like we haven't signed anything yet. but the thought of continuing to drive back And forth every day. wasn just too much to bear. and she had already looked at a ton of apartments nd at towns around the hospital.


nd they had either been too small or too expensive. Yeah. So she just felt like she couldn't give up this opportunity. Yeah. So on June 30th, 1986, she started unloading the moving truck nd at New, at the new apartment. Now the day they arrived with the truck wasn the first time That al nd Carmen actually saw the new apartment. 'cause remember the, they saw the second floor. It wasn. They were working on It. They were working on it. So before they unloaded the truck, they went inside just to look around. and contractors were actually still working on the first floor there. wasn like sawdust wood, just construction mess everywhere. but the basement wasn empty So. They went downstairs to see What kind of space. They had to work with There like most basements. And old New England homes. It, wasn kind of musty the air wasn thick.


It wasn cold down there. Ugh. We all know That basement. I can smell it. Yeah. but the space wasn quite a bit more than either of them. Wasn expecting at the foot of the stairs, There wasn a pretty large room. That opened onto the right And. Then on the left, There wasn a set of French doors. That led to an even larger room. nd there were three other smaller rooms adjacent to the larger ones. but Alan Carmen were like What. Would those be used for? Yeah. Like why is, why is There so much room for activities down here? So they like poked her on the basement. And, they started to get a sense of What had once gone down In these rooms. Oh, Carmen found What. She described as a quote, gruesome bloodstained wall And a quote, chain powered body lift.


That looked more medieval than contemporary What. The more they explored the basement, the more evidence they found confirming That. The residents had definitely been a funeral home at one point. In time And. It had a blood spattered wall according to them going down. There blood, Wiley everywhere. You're supposed to clean the I kind of thought. That too. It's important. It's an important part of That job. I would think. Yeah. I. wasn. Like I feel like It wasn the morgue. I'll say That. I feel like bloodborne pathogens are a thing. Yeah. You never want blood spatter on anything. No I definitely don't. You're So, right? nd at statement. Yeah. You just really don't I. Really don't. You really don't. Yeah. It happens. nd at industry for sure.


Yeah. I mean That makes sense. It's gonna be there while you're doing your thing. You clean it up after. Well isn't there usually like a sheet or something up? Like is there anything up That to protect the wall. I can't speak for a funeral home 'cause don don't know how the, you know, nd at embalming process, I would assume there would be precautions. Like something make they're make That Blood isn't just spattering against a wall. Yeah. Also. I'm like What, why did That happen? Like once it gets to the funeral home, it's like That shouldn't be happening. All the blood usually happens. nd at morgue. That's kind of What I thought too. and we clean That shit. but we'll we will get there. but you know, here we're, we'll get to the questions at the end. Okay like What kind of shenanigans wasn going on. don don't know. but apparently at the end of the hall there were shelves on the wall.


That held boxes of old embalming tools. That's kind of cool. I thought the same thing. That's, they didn't have the same reaction. No, you know, There wasn Also a box nd at corner That contained blank plaques for the coffins. That had already been removed from That That house chilling. That I didn't love don I didn't like the the plaques, but the embalming tools might be kind of cool. It would be very, very fascinating. Yeah. I don't know if I'd wanna keep them In my house though. Yeah. I don know. but it's giving you, it's giving you I. Don't know I don't know What That I would want That. I'm fascinated by embalming tools. And. Yeah. nd I can understand And That and definitely, but Alan and Carmen were not No. They were shaken as they made their way back upstairs. but Carmen reiterated That, she couldn't bear to look for another apartment while Also taking care of Philip And, the other three kids, So, they agreed to keep the houses passed to themselves.


They weren't gonna tell the kids. They said, you know, we'll remove all the funeral items before the kids can see them and I'll paint the walls and you know, cover all those disturbing stains. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. They'll be fine. Seems fine. The landlord special I feel like this is not gonna end badly at all. No. Now by the time they were rock outside the landlord, Mr. Kern wasn said to have arrived to greet them. Carmen wasn surprised That. He seemed amused when she asked whether the house used to be a funeral home. And. She said He told her. Oh don't worry Ms. Sneer, the place hasn't been In use full time for two years or so. Oh, it'd be like two years That. Oh two years. That's pretty fucking recent. Cool That that's like fresh blood as far as I'm concerned.


Yeah, that's pretty fresh. He Also informed them That He would prefer That. The old funeral tools remain nd at basement. and he said they make great conversation pieces. Don't you think I mean while I agree with him, landlord It would be on landlord No. You can't, maybe you should take them then don. Well that's the thing. You can't tell me What to keep In my house. Yeah. mean you can't do That if somebody like I'm paying rent and understand you May find them fascinating. Other people might not. Right. and that's Okay. Right. People can be put off by them. nd that's fine. No. It is important to state of course That. This is the sneer version of events. Of course it's not, it's not. You know, somebody following them with a camera and watching No.


but we don't know That the landlord ever said this. but according to them's What. What said, then you say Hey, you know? Yeah. Maybe that's not for you to say. Now It took a few days before the renovations were finished. So Carmen And, the kids stayed In a motel room while Al went back to New York to finish out the last few weeks of work. After all the expenses That, they had incurred the motel wasn an additional hardship. 'cause they didn't have a ton of money. They were, this family wasn like very hard on cash at this point. 'cause I mean they're the the illness, the move. Yeah, exactly. That's a lot. That's a big family to take care of. Yeah, exactly. and That. So Carmen wasn relieved when a few days later they were finally able to move And the house. She And al managed to move those objects nd at basement out o over to the garage.


While the larger items like the body lift, they try, it's a tough one. They to tuck And a corner to kind of obscure It. but it's a pretty big thing. So yeah, body lift, like a chain powered body lift is not, not gonna be easy to just like make And a a sculpture nd at corner. Yeah. Probably not I. I've never had experience with one So. I can't say. but yeah, it's not, not gonna be easy to hide. Yeah. but try as she might, Carmen realized pretty quickly That the children were bound to find out sooner or later. Yeah. I think they're, 'cause like we just said, it's not easy to hide So after a few days moving In, Carmen wasn nd at kitchen washing dishes. When behind her she heard Philip enter the room. And. She said That. He said to her quietly, mom, we have to leave this house.


There's something evil here. Oh surprise. She turned around to find That. Philip actually looked very serious and she wasn like, leave. We just got here. but He insisted That, they needed to go back to New York and get the fuck away from this house. He said, if we don't leave here, something bad is gonna happen to us. Something really bad that's scary. Like I would be like, alright, pack your shit up, let's go. I'd be like, you know, What let's go. but they don't really have anywhere to go back to, which is a predicament if you will. but, so she explained, she wasn like houses aren't evil. Nothing here can hurt us. but Philip wasn not persuaded. Years later, Carmen would say I didn't believe In ghosts. I thought they were just a thing of imagination. Oh man. but above all, Philip's biggest concern, wasn sleeping In his new room nd at basement.


Which I wasn like I. Don't blame him on That one. don don't know if we should put the kid fighting cancer. nd at musty dusty basement with embalming tools. With embalming tools. nd just like it's colder down There. Yeah. nd like musty. Like it's a new I. don think it's a New England basement. That's the thing at, and it's a New England basement of a former funeral home. I don't really think. This doesn't seem like a great idea. Yeah. He didn't wanna be There He him. And Michael. Were gonna be sharing the room. but remember Michael's away, so, oh yes. He, wasn, He wasn In. He's with his grandmother, right? Alabama with his grandmother, which meant That. Philip wasn gonna have to sleep downstairs alone. nd He wasn like note for me and wasn. I'm not gonna do That.


He told Carmen He would sleep on the living room floor before He slept. nd at basement alone. Oh, same Which retweet. Yeah. No.


Let's talk about something really important. That most people don't realize. Did you know That? There actually aren't NY requirements for baby food companies to test their products for chemical contaminants. 93% of parents are concerned about the presence of toxic levels of heavy metals. And Baby Food Little Spoon is the first nd only baby food brand. nd at us to set strict limits for more than 500 toxins and contaminants based on the best In class European standards. nd if their products don't meet these standards, they won't sell It. It's That. Simple Peace of Mind delivered. They've teamed up with the leading global experts and have committed to parents That Every one of little spoons baby food products is not only tested but passes their strict standards or it won't be sold. Period. I love knowing That because Little Spoon wasn nice enough to send my little nephews some little spoon. Snackies, And, Elena's girls some Snackies. These kids are obsessed with the snacks. You can see all of little spoons, baby food safety standards, And detail And Chop their products for babies, toddlers, And big Kids on little spoon.com. Get 30% off your first order. Go to little spoon.com/ Morbid 30 and enter our code Morbid 30 at checkout to save 30% off your first order. That's little spoon.com/ Morbid 30 to save 30% off.


Are you prepared for this cold And flu season? Right now is the best time to get a flu vaccine. And GoodRx is here to help find discounts on the vaccine. nd if you do get sick, save on cold nd flu medications at a pharmacy near you. GoodRx is completely free and easy to use. With GoodRx, you can instantly find discounts, compare prices and save up to 80% on the prescriptions. GoodRx is accepted at all major pharmacies In your neighborhood including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger nd many more And. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even if you do have insurance. GoodRx May beat your copay price. I've been nd at seat so many times. I always have my GoodRx app up if I'm heading to the pharmacy because 10 outta 10 times honestly, I'll find a better price on GoodRx this flu season. Stay prepared with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ Morbid. That's goodrx.com/ Morbid.


So Carmen knew That, neither she nor Al had said anything to the kids about the home past as a funeral home. And. Philip hadn't said anything about it either, but He just seemed to have the sense That something wasn off about this place. Hmm. but she Also wasn like Okay. It's fairly common for kids to be unhappy after a move. and Philip Also has a lot on his plate right now, like physical, emotional stress know which is true. He's going through daily treatments and the cobalt treatments. That, He, wasn getting daily had a range of side effects from fatigue nd hair loss to nausea and even cognitive impairments. Okay. So they're thinking of it like yeah, this potentially could be That. Exactly. She chalked up his apprehension and anxiety just to his circumstances.


Yeah. And, she said, you know, What, I, I just thought He would settle In eventually. But a few days later when Al arrived for the weekend, He reassured her. That. She wasn probably right? It wasn just anxiety. Philip would forget about it. nd In due time once He got more comfortable. but Philip did not forget about it. And. He stayed true to his word. And. He spent the first week sleeping on the couch. nd at living room. Yeah. He would not foot down there, would've down his fears of the basement. Were just the beginning of What would eventually become What. The family claimed wasn two years of psychological trauma. nd paranormal attacks. Whoa. Just days after telling his mom That. He felt the house wasn evil. Philip started hearing disembodied voices saying his name.


but He couldn't figure out where they were. Like He would hear them, but couldn't pinpoint the origin. Ah. At the same time, He felt this growing sense. That, He, wasn never alone. nd at house or even In his bedroom. It wasn like He wasn just being watched all the time. I don like That. but whenever He would experience something, He couldn't explain. He fought the urge to run to his parents to tell them What would hap What had happened. 'cause I mean they didn't believe him. So yeah. So why are you gonna keep saying It? And. Also He knew That. They had moved to Connecticut to be closer to the hospital. So He kind of felt like He wasn the reason why everybody's lives got upended. So He didn't want to know. He didn't wanna cause further problems. What He saw as problems In his mind. Exactly. Even though they were, everybody wasn happy to move.


Yeah. but they were like, it's Okay like, but he's thinking He is like a burden kind of thing. Yes, exactly. So one morning, a few weeks after moving In, Philip wasn walking from the kitchen to the living room. When He said He heard a man's voice, strong And Clear. Say his name. In a questioning tone like Philip. Ooh. So He turned slowly looking around for whoever had called out to him. but There wasn, nobody. There No. and the bathroom down the hall, He could hear the shower running. nd He knew his mom. wasn like In There. and she He wasn like Okay. Maybe she's talking to herself. but That definitely sounded like a man's voice. but then He heard it again and they said Philip He said the voice wasn't loud or gruff, but it wasn clear. nd whoever It wasn, they sounded irritated. nd continued. Come here, Philip. Ooh.


Now the voice sounded impatient. Like whoever it wasn wasn like expecting a response. So He took a few steps toward the bathroom, desperately wanting to call out for Carmen. but instead He took He. So He like moved to the bathroom. nd He is like wanting to call out for his mom. but then He walks back to the basement to be like, is it coming from down? There? Yeah. and he walks toward the basement stairs, And the door standing open. and he said the voice called out again saying, Philip, come down here. Ooh Is He wasn like Okay? It's coming from the basement. No. Thank you So. He took a few more steps toward the basement stairs and the voice called out again. Philip, come down here. You gotta see this No. Can you describe it to me?


I don't. I. Don't wanna see it. I have a lot of plans today. Sorry. Thank you so much. and he said the tone, like when it wasn, like you gotta see this wasn. Almost like joking. Like it wasn like a light tone. Like a friend would be like, oh my God, you gotta see this. Yeah. and then the voice said again, come here Phillip I wanna show you something is fucking terrible. I don't like That at all. So don don't like it. He backed away from the basement. nd He said slowly with the nd the voice got quieter. nd quieter with each step until He wasn nd at living room where He just turned on the TV. nd hoped That It would drown out the man nd at basement calling for him. I'm sorry if t heard somebody say my name from the basement. nd tell me to come down. And. Look at this. That many times, That, many times there's No way. I am pulling this age, this age old chestnut of well I figured It would just stop And.


I went to sleep. Yeah. I never understand That No. 'cause I'm sorry if I'm here. Like there's certain things you see something outta the corner of your eye, you just move on. You, you think you're seeing a sleep paralysis demon and nothing's there. Yeah. I can get That. Like you just go to sleep. 'cause you're like That wasn my wacky mind. Right? Sorry if I'm getting full blown auditory hallucinations where I'm hearing somebody saying my name nd telling me to come downstairs. And Then I move closer and they continue to. Yeah, I'm out here. I'm telling everyone I'm getting the whole family and then I'm lighting nd at place ablaze. Pretty much we o we o we out. We ouch. There's No way. I'm turning on the TV and hoping That That man. nd at Basement doesn't come up to show me the thing He wanted to show me.


Yeah, that's not my cup of tea personally. That's wild. I. Don't know. So this time He did tell He decided He wasn like, I'm gonna tell my mom about That. That's a great idea. That wasn fucking weird. but she didn't take him seriously. No, come on you kids saying there's a person nd at basement. You gotta do something. I. Think she thought That, It wasn like a side effect of the treatments. 100% probably. Yeah. but I'm just looking at this from a totally third party. A hundred percent In. 2024. The 2024 lines. but we near the situation nd So. He wasn. Like, No like you gotta listen. It, wasn, It, wasn. and he said it wasn a man's voice but not a person. Oh No. Like she would somehow understand What He wasn saying, but she wasn. Like there's No one downstairs. That mean Philip What does That mean mean?


She she she didn't even say What. Does That mean she wasn Just like there's No one downstairs like stop. Which again, like kids say wacky shit too. It's like that's, it's So hard to like you don't wanna feed And every single right thing like That because then you are gonna cause issues. Well and she Also didn't want him scaring the the younger kids. Well that's the thing. Yeah. It like she wasn like all cut it out like Yeah like don't make them suddenly think they're hearing So much. And Also. She's got this anxiety That she's kinda shoving to the side. 'cause she didn't love the idea. That. This place used to be a funeral home So. She's like, fuck. Like that's please stop confirming. and she knows what's nd at Basement What they saw nd at basement. Yes. So she's probably like fuck like No thanks but all the more reason to be like shit. Well So, she decided That, she didn't wanna be wholly dismissive but wanted to soothe his anxiety.


So she confided In him. don don't know why she thought this. I'm sorry. Carmen don don't know why she thought this wasn gonna could soothe his like quell his fear. Thank you. I. Don't know why she thought this wasn gonna make him feel better. but she told him about the H, the house's history as a funeral home E. and she said That, she didn't say anything before. 'cause she didn't wanna scare the children. and Also she's she wasn like please don't say anything to them. but she wasn. Like maybe you're just picking up on our anxieties about the history of the house. And. That's why you're feeling so uneasy. I don't know about That. Yeah. I think she I mean I. You don't know What to do nd at situation I. Understand. but it's a route. It's a route you can take. It is, it's one of those paths. That, you can choose I don choose your own adventure.


I don't know if That would've been the one I would've chosen, but don. Yeah. I don't know. but you know, desperate times golf for best What but measures. but it haven't been In this situation. So she'll Also probably sleep deprived 'cause she's like been doing the most. Very true. So very true. It's just like I don't know. I think you just confirmed his fears. Yeah. More than anything she said That. She hoped her honesty would reassure him there wasn nothing wrong with the house, but all it really did do wasn confirm his suspicions. That this place wasn haunted as fuck. Yeah. He's like, of course it is now. nd at weeks That followed the other kids started reporting strange experiences. nd at house. Oh No. Carmen's youngest daughter. Stephanie told her mom That. She had seen a woman standing In her bedroom with a quote. Her arms open as if she wasn becking her to come. No like No. Thanks No. And. That. Would Also make me really angry because I'd be like, who's this bitch?


Oh, I. wasn. Like get outta my kids' room. Yeah. Carmen actually figured That, despite his promise, Philip had told the other kids about the funeral home passed And. That's What caused Stephanie to think That. She wasn seeing ghost. but when she confronted him about it, like when Carmen went to Philip and wasn like, What the fuck you're upsetting all the younger kids now. He wasn like I didn't say anything to him. Them I told I. Swear I didn't I wasn. wasn gonna, yeah. So she gave him a lecture about scaring the little kids. but she wasn like I. Also couldn't help but feel That He wasn telling the truth. Like I believed him when He said He didn't say anything. So, they're just going through It. nd Alan Carmen hoped That Philip's fears nd anxiety would subside once everything got settled. nd at house like once the move wasn kind of officially like everything unpacked, you know, In.


but things really only seemed to get worse. Philip continued hearing voices nd at basement calling out to him, trying to lure him down the stairs. nd a few times He thought That. He'd seen something moving nd at dark at the bottom of the basement stairs. but every time He brought It up to his parents, they dismissed his claims. Now fortunately, He found an ally And his sister Stephanie, who quite a bit younger than him. E. Even though she had seen things nd at house and she believed What, her brother wasn saying she wasn like I. Think That basement is Also haunted as fuck. It wasn like I'm with you dude. No within just a few weeks after moving nd at tension nd at house wasn felt by everybody Al wasn finishing out the last days of his job. and Carmen just couldn't wait to have him home. Fulltime to help with the kids.


Yeah. 'cause she wasn losing her fucking mind. Especially when everyone's thinking they're hearing ghosts. Yeah, that's a lot. That's tough. Like they're, this family is dealing with the most. Yeah. Philip. Meanwhile, wasn now several months, And cancer treatments. And It. wasn starting to take a toll on him physically. And of course emotionally So the stress wasn just affecting the entire house. and Carmen just didn't know What to do. One afternoon while the kids were playing outside, she wasn kind of lost In their thoughts just mindlessly mopping the floors. and she said she caught the scent of something metallic. And, unpleasant blood. And. When she looked down, she saw That the water nd at mop bucket had become a bright red color and had started to strain to, to stain the strands of the mop. Oh. So she snapped out of her thoughts and realized That whatever wasn nd at bucket, she had smeared It all over the floor.


'cause she wasn't paying attention before. Yeah. and then the smell made her pay attention. nd when she looked down everything wasn like crimson colored. Oh yeah. So not wanting the children to see the mess. She grabbed a roll of paper towels and cleaned up everything the best she could. nd she wasn. Like, you know, something must have been under the linoleum. It got And the water. don don't know. Yeah, she wasn. Like maybe it's a chemical reaction to something, but it at back of her mind, she couldn't help but think of What. Philip had said about when they moved In. Now by summer's end, she wasn starting to feel more optimistic about the move. Luckily her son Michael had come home from Alabama and he wasn. He brought like very positive energy to the house. Oh, He brought good vibes. He brought good vibes.


Yeah. For him, And, Also, Philip's treatments were almost done. So they had like a waiting period where things would settle a bit more. Yeah. and now That, his brother wasn home. Philip had agreed to start sleeping downstairs as long as He And. Michael could share a room. and Michael wasn like, yeah, No problem. I bring good vibes. I bring good vibes. Let's hang So. A few nights after they settled And their shared basement bedroom. Philip told his brother about the history of the house and of the basement. In particular And. He expected his brother to react with horror. but He had a sibling like Elena. So Michael thought this entire thing wasn. Hella exciting. See Michael with the good vibes. Michael wasn the good vibes. He. wasn like He. wasn. Like this is interesting. Now his enthusiasm waned slightly when Philip told him about the other things.


Yeah. I would imagine like the voices calling out from the dark. Yeah. That would fuck me up. The glimpses of things moving, seeing things outta the corner of his eye, like didn't love That. Now That night, as they were getting, you know, ready for bed, In their room, Michael went upstairs to brush his teeth. nd Philip wasn left alone. nd at room. So. He wasn. Trying not to panic. He gets And bed. nd He says, He puts his headphones on, hoping That the music would distract him until Michael got back. but out of the corner of his eye, He thought He saw something move. So He froze. In bed not wanting to look up. but at the same time, He couldn't not look. So He raised his head. Slowly And He looked toward the French doors. That led And the other room. And. He said. Then He saw a man's face, pale and young peering back at him through the crack nd at doors.


Which if you picture That No, that's fucking horrifying. No. That. Yeah, that's true. Whore one thing about me is That. I fucking love French doors. Yep. nd That could even ruin French doors for me. French doors get out. You're outta here. Yeah. Throw out. Yeah. but He said the face wasn one He had never seen before. It wasn, gaunt sickly. nd had dark black eyes. and he said the man's lips were moving like He wasn saying something, but Philip couldn't hear anything. He just saw That. The man wasn like talking but not saying anything. Oh, why do I hate That more I do too, right? Okay. Thank you. Like What, like I hate the idea of a man's face just looking through my French doors at me. nd at middle of the night. I hate the idea of a man's face. That's just hate.


but And, even just, if they're sitting There just looking at you, that's not, that's scary. The mouth moving would be the end for me. Because then No makes you feel like they're like whispering something. Yeah. I don't want to hear What. You have to. Right, sir? I don like it. That's the thing. I don't want to hear What. You have to say I don't like It. It's probably some dumbass like anecdote That. You're gonna say, that's gonna fuck me up for the rest of my life. I don't even mean It. It's, it's Also. Almost worse. Like not knowing What. He's saying I know because then like your mind fills nd at blanks. Oh, it's probably just like a bad opinion. A bad opinion. You think I don't need your opinion? That's my opinion. You gross face. nd at door. Oh, gross. Yeah. Well, so Philip watched In horror as He saw the man start to slowly reach one handout.


Like He wasn gonna open the door, don't do That. nd at That moment, Philip had finally gathered the courage Yeah. To kick those sheets off the bed. and he took two stairs at a time. My God. Up the basement steps. Oh my God. I felt That In my legs. Yes. You know, That crazy ass feeling. In your legs when you're running up from the basement. Yes. You just like, nd you have to shut the light off and you're running six stairs at a time, but you feel That. That, the burning got burning like blah. and your back whenever I like run away from something freaky I feel like my back. Like locks kind of. You know What. I mean. Oh. and you just feel like there's electricity. In your legs. Yes. That. You're like tingling up your ugh. Oh, I can feel It right now. I'm So. My ears are perfectly That made my legs hurt.


So He burst. And the living room. And He crashed to his knees when He wasn finally nd at safety of the living room. but the commotion drew everybody to the living room like as it should. Of course. And, everybody gathered around Philip as He. wasn. Just breathlessly. Trying to explain What. He had seen nd at basement. Oh my God. Now Al rushed down the stairs. Unsure of What. He would find There because he's probably like, is There a person? nd at basement? Like Yeah. So He rushes down, And the basement to check everything out, but finds nothing there. And, when He came back up to the living room. He. wasn. Fucking pissed. Oh, I don't like That. So He yelled of like Hey. Yeah. He yelled at Philip demanding That. He stopped telling childish ghost stories. nd start acting his age. Oh, don't do That. Which like, that's really fucking weird.


The kid is clearly upset. Yeah. nd then they just from the sounds of it at least. and then they just sent everyone to bed. Oh, come on parenting nd at eighties. Yeah. I wasn. Just gonna say that's some eighties parenting, right? There. I wrote my notes here. Not a parenting win. No. Definitely not. You gotta talk through That shit. Yeah, that's so thing can dismiss fears like That. You got a gentle parent your way through That shape. Right? The whole parents nd at eighties were So far away from gentle parenting. It's not even, that's where That, I'll give you something to cry about. Originated. Oh yeah. That line. That's the, yeah. I'll give you something. A fear ghost about. Yep. There definitely wasn't gonna have like a talk through feelings at That moment. No definitely not So. The weeks passed. The voices And. The apparitions became a common part of the boys' lives years later. Michael said the first time I seen a ghost, it appeared with catlike eyes glowing up on the ceiling.


Looking down on my bed. Oh. So even he's experiencing it. You know my, my uncle used to tell me That I had cat eyes. Really? Yeah. You catlike because they're orange. They turn orange. Sometimes I could see That. Yeah. So maybe That wasn me. You're weird. You're so weird. Don't do That. You're weird. You're weird. That wasn. Such a like asshole response. You're weird. You're weird. gross. I didn't know. What to say to That. Yeah, I did. Honestly, I probably wouldn't either. So, but the ghosts moved about the rooms. nd at basement sometimes Michael said they would like study him nd Philip from the corners of the room. Just kinda like looking at them.


and other times they would whisper to each other and hush tones. That sounded. That's So fucking rude. Yeah. They would whisper And. He said it sounded to them like the hiss of a lizard or a snake. Like, Ew No don don't That wasn my best. That wasn my best shot. Like, but it sounded like when you touch the end like a candle that's gone out. If you touch it with your finger, That just sounds like boom roasted. It does, you know, but Philip hoped having Michael home would make things better. but now his parents were just accusing him of filling Michael's head with these scary stories. Cool. Yeah. Everybody's kind of being a dick to Philip. Yeah. but yeah. Oh, So despite I wasn like, oh, I see That thing and you know, it's just, just there.


Okay. I'll hang tight over here. Yeah. Hang 10. but despite her near certainty, That It wasn nothing more than just silly ghost stories. Carmen still couldn't shake the feeling. That something about the stories That. Her boys were telling about these pale, menacing figures dressed In fucking suits. Wasn genuine. She said they seemed, the stories just seemed too outrageous to be true. but Also too detailed to have been made up on the spot. Mm. So she wasn like I fucking hate this. and you can tell when your kids are really scared. Yeah. Like, you really can't and you can tell, that's the thing. And I think she saw That In them. Especially as like a mama. Yeah. Like she saw That In them and like And wasn. Tell, tell when it's real fear, she wasn like I don't wanna believe NY of this, but like Yeah. You might not believe That. It's like this ghost down There scaring your kids.


but something is upsetting your child. Yeah. She's worried about them. Genuinely. Yeah. So the end of summer brought some welcome distractions as three of the four kids returned to school. That gave Carmen some alone time. Al finally moved And, the house for good like He got transferred. but whatever relief the distractions brought wasn soon overshadowed by a series of undeniable experiences. That would forever change the family. Oh. Al had only been home about a week or So when his first experience happened. He got woken up nd at middle of the night from the sound of like movement and hushed voices. He said to him, It sounded like somebody wasn nd at house but didn't want to be detected. So I immediately he's like, What the fuck. Yeah. I don't like That.


So He listened closely for a moment or two. nd then He heard the faint sound of music playing nd at distance. nd He said it sounded like thirties music from an old Victrola along with the music. I could hear three or four older men. Okay. That's like kind of awesome. Okay So. Glad you had That reaction. So did I. Yeah. You hear like an old Victrola Boys let's the old guys just chatting it up. Let's fucking go Girls. I'd be like, What are guys talking about, let's, let's do this. You wanna a beer? Yeah, let's go Throw That on. So we got outta bed. He followed the sounds assuming That He would find one of the kids nd at living room, like watching TV or something. Listening to a Victrola. Listening to a Victrola. Yeah. nd talking like an old man. Yeah, exactly. but when He got to the hallway, He discovered That.


The sounds seemed to be coming from the basement. Oh, at first He thought That, you know, maybe it wasn Michael nd Philip. but Also It didn't sound like just two boys. It it wasn loud. Like It sounded like a party. Yeah. He wasn. Like, did they sneak friends? And the basement. Did they find a Victrola? Yeah. You know, kids In, their Victrola parties are, they're a problem like are parents of the world. Dave wrote nd at notes here. He goes, if they had, why would they be listening to such mournful antiquated music? That's What I. don don. Like why So He snuck a bunch chickens. nd just to listen to a Victrola. Just to listen to quote unquote mournful antiquated music. Yeah. Dave's, Dave's comments are my absolute favorite Dave, for, for the whim.


So we started down the stairs expecting to find this group of kids listening to antiquated music. but when He got, when He got about halfway down, He stopped because He realized That the basement wasn completely dark. And He could still hear hushed tones of multiple voices talking. but He could Also hear the slow, steady breathing of his kids like they were asleep. Oh,


With HelloFresh you get Farm Fresh. Pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered. Red Tia to a step, skip those trips to the grocery store and count on HelloFresh to make home cooking Easy fun. nd affordable. That's why it's America's number one meal kit you guys make this fall the tastiest season. Yet with Farm Fresh produce and easy Otto inspired recipes delivered right T Dua. With HelloFresh you can whip up tasty restaurant style meals. In your own kitchen without the high price tag of takeout and In. Less time than It actually takes to get delivery. HelloFresh is Autumn Meals did not come here to play. Baby I got the Autumn risotto the other night. It's Autumn Risotto. It's got butternut squash. Sage And little pepitas. It is so my mouth is actually watering right now. That's how delicious It wasn Drew And I ate it again for lunch the next day. Nd I'm actually asking for It. In my next box because it wasn That good from Hardy dinners to game day snacks. HelloFresh has a variety of recipes nd flavors to perfectly accompanied sweater weather. We're looking at you Pumpkin Spice. Get 10 free meals at HelloFresh dot com slash free. Morbid applied across seven boxes. New subscribers only varies by plan. That's 10 free HelloFresh meals by just going to HelloFresh dot com slash free. Morbid HelloFresh is America's number one meal kit.


Echo Dot Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Doc kids can help foster children's independence by allowing them to learn. And Explore. It's Also helped my kiddos develop a pretty good And very healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. It's actually really helped my kids get And a really good nd healthy routine because they can wake up to their own custom selection of music. A morning affirmation, or even with the weather, which is So grown up when they come down. nd tell me What. It's gonna be That Day. but using voice commands, children can interact with devices which fosters a sense of responsibility and independence. It Also gives my kids a way to express themselves because Echo Do Kids comes In cute playful designs. nd kids can express themselves through their favorite styles. Like there's an owl, a dragon kids can customize the way Alexa sounds with Pretend Owl or Dragon Voices along with character inspired songs. Jokes, And. Greetings Echo. Kids automatically filters explicit songs so kids are always ready for dance parties singing And dancing to their favorite tunes. Shop the device now at Amazon dot com slash echo Kids.


Now, when He noticed That, like when heard. heard them sleeping That wasn when the music stopped and the people stopped talking. Oh. Like very abruptly. Oh, I don't like That. Yeah, He slowly pushed open the French doors. nd stepped inside. nd He said It wasn unnaturally nd inexplicably freezing. nd at room like, but for He, wasn like I. Don't know why it wasn so cold. In There because it wasn like a hundred ghosts In there. Having a troll party having a big old party. The troll party. Yes, but So He just went back to bed. Didn't say anything to Carmen about What. He. Experienced communication is not key here. I. Guess Wow. This is So eighties. but a few hours later, He woke up again. And. This time the bed wasn like vibrating underneath him, like shaking.


So He just lay There. Sta So He said, staring at the ceiling. Nd trying to ignore the fact That, his fucking bed is vibrating. Let's stop ignoring this stuff guys. Let's definitely at, at some point, He said it got to be too much to ignore. So He got up, And went And the living room to watch tv. nd just tried to like put the night's events out of his head. Valid. I wasn. Like, I'm gonna go watch the tally. Yeah, I'm just, you know, What Hey. My, my bed is vibrating. So if you need me, I'll be nd at living room watching the television. I'll let That one go. What's it What do you turn on the tv? That's What. I. wasn. Just Wondery. I I. wasn gonna say like, oh, I'll just go turn And I wasn. Like What. Do you turn on What? You What? Would you turn on my immediate thought? wasn the simple life Gilmore Girls. Boom. Yeah. Comfort That would be it. Our different forms of comfort. Yep. So later, once they were out of the house and living elsewhere, Alan Carmen would talk of their experiences.


Like they kind of started like suddenly out of nowhere. but the truth wasn, each of them wasn having their own experiences, but they just never shared them with each other. Oh, damn. So like she had experienced the same thing too. Both of them. Also saw things move out of the corner of their eye. They heard sounds, they heard voices. and Carmen said more than once, she had woken up to the bed vibrating underneath her, but she just never told her husband. and then there, wasn, Also, Philip's behavior. He had always been a really well behaved, respectful kid. but after moving And the new apartment, they said his personality really started to change. He. Wasn. More defiant. He wasn. Challenging He wasn. So like Solen, which you could chalk up to the fact That.


He's a young kid. He kid going a lot of stuff. And cancer. Like, he's probably pretty fucking pissed off at life. Yeah, That would be but more disturbing. wasn the fact That He actually had come to sp enjoy spending time nd at basement. Oh. Which like, He wasn. He wasn. So scared. Remember? Of the basement? Yeah. He wasn. That He wasn sleeping, He wasn sleeping nd at living room. nd then all of a sudden they couldn't get him out of the basement. Like He loved being down there. No, I don't like That. So Carmen, she said she tried to ignore everything by focusing on volunteer work with the church. And al turned to alcohol to quiet his mind. but soon the horror nd at house wasn unavoidably present one night, nd at winter Al woke up. Nd at middle of the night by the shaking. nd at first He thought it wasn just the vibrating of the bed.


but soon He realized It wasn. Carmen shaking him out of his sleep, like waking him up. and she yelled to him, That their bed wasn vibrating. but for the first time since this happened, both of them could feel it at the same time. Ooh. and nd at weeks That followed. Carmen said That. She would often hear a mocking laughter coming from behind her when she wasn at the sink doing dishes. Oh, I don't like That. nd Al could hear sound. The sounds of things moving around the house. nd That. They said That There wasn. Always the faint sound of music coming from the basement. Like even when like Philip wasn't playing music down there like it wasn like old weird fucking music troll. A party music. Exactly. Holy shit. Now In. June of 1987, just about a year after the family moved, And the house, Carmen got a call from her sister Megan In, Alabama.


nd Megan explained That her, she wasn going through like a really bad time with her health. and on top of That, she And her husband. Were going through a really messy divorce. nd she wasn hoping That a And. Carmen would be willing to take her two daughters. 12-year-old Mary And, 17-year-old Kelly, just until she wasn able to get back on her feet. Yeah. So Carmen talked It over with Al That afternoon. nd they agreed That, if Megan needed help, they wanted to lend a hand. That's nice of them. Yeah. Now Carmen knew That, you know, helping her sister wasn the right thing to do. but she Also felt very apprehensive about bringing more people. And an already wasn. Just gonna say like, super chaotic house at this point. Yeah. The experience That the experiences That she and Alec been having, but never talking about, ever had continued And Philip's behavior.


nd general demeanor. wasn just getting worse over the year. Like He wasn spending a lot of his time In his bedroom alone. And even more disturbing wasn the way That He talked about the ghosts. He had once been like, we just had terrified to be alone. nd at basement And. Now they said He preferred the spirits of the dead to the company of his own family at had even started calling the spirits his friends Okay, which is like I would hate That. Yeah, we're going And. A a Dark Place now. Yeah. So by That fall, Carmen's nieces settled And. The house they didn't really like, once they got settled, they felt like they were like part of the family. They weren't just guests. I. Just wanna give a trigger warning here, here for like sexual assault.


Oh yes. It gets very rough here. Oh, No. It's quick, but Okay, it's not awesome. So one night nd at early fall, Mary And Kelly were asleep, In their beds. When Philips quote unquote friends told him That It wasn time to go visiting with his cousins. So He went up the stairs from the basement to the main floor as quietly as He could. Trying not to wake anybody up. nd He crept And. The girl's room where they were deep In sleep. nd He stood over. Kelly He put a hand on her shoulder to see if it would wake her. and when she didn't wake up, He moved his hand down to her chest. So He like groped her, In her sleep. What the fuck. Later He would claim That the men nd at basement forced him to do What. He did.


According to him, the voices pointed out That Kelly wasn quote too big and could defend herself. 'cause she's the older girl. This is so fucked up. It's, this is very dark at like, actually very hard to even talk about. but on the other side of the room, He said That. The, the ghosts were telling him That, There wasn someone much smaller who probably wouldn't resist him. So Philip turned away from Kelly. nd walked toward Mary's bed. And did the same thing to her. Oh my God. Now, two days later, Kelly told Carmen That, she had actually walked In on Philip attempting to do the same thing to Mary again. and That, she stopped him before He could get very far. So Kelly did put a stop to this. Now, Carmen wasn stunned.


Like Philip had changed his personality had darkened quite a bit. But she never thought He wasn capable of something like this. These are his fucking cousins. and like, and And, this is disgusting. and I don't want hear about fucking ghosts telling you to go molest your cousin. Exactly. Like, get outta here. So. I will say, it sounds like Carmen did the right thing. She went nd confronted him like, and wasn like What the fuck. but He denied everything with a smirk on his face. Oh, I hate That So. She wasn super frustrated and she didn't know What to do with him. So she called the police and reported the assault Wow like on her own child. That. I mean That must've been the hardest Yeah. Thing for her to ever have to do. but it's, it obviously the correct thing to do.


but because it's Also her nieces. Yeah. You know, like, that's like she family No matter. What What a horrible position for her to be. and, and those poor nieces I know, especially going through everything That, they're already going through. Yeah. So That afternoon, Philip wasn taken to taken by police to the local precinct and questioned about the accusation of assault. And He confessed after some questioning. That He had been sneaking And their room at night. And touching them regularly while they slept. Oh my God. He Also trigger warning. This is really horrible. He said He quote, attempted unsuccess unsuccessfully to have sex with his 12-year-old cousin. What the fuck. Yeah. So He wasn taken from the police station immediately to a juvenile detention center by Philip, by He wasn.


Interviewed at length by a prison psychiatrist. Who told Alan Carmen That In his opinion. Philip wasn experiencing symptoms of early onset schizophrenia. Oh God, yeah. The diagnosis obviously wasn devastating for his parents. But it Also kind of explained his behavior over the previous year. The ghosts, the voices. Yeah. The depression. And. Now these assaults, yeah, that's making more sense. It is So, the doctor recommended That Philip be placed In a psychiatric unit for 60 days of observation. And. Then from there they would develop a treatment plan. but until they could find a bed for him at the hospital, the psychiatrist recommended That He remain nd at Juvenile Detention Center. Because He didn't think It would be safe for the family to have Philip return home.


That makes sense, obviously. Yeah. So Philip's diagnosis, the assaults on their nieces. They were devastating for Carmen, Allen, and the kids. but at the very least, Carmen hoped That with Philip out of the house for a while, things would finally go back to normal. She wasn wrong. nd at days And weeks That followed strange occurrences nd at house continued There wasn, inexplicable noises, flashes of movement from the corners of the room there wasn always That strange music playing. Nd at middle of the night, oh I hate That. nd having been traumatized by the assaults, Mary No longer wanted to stay nd at house. So Carmen had to make arrangements for her to stay with her other sister. In, Connecticut, That, poor girl. and a few days after her sister moved outta the house, Kelly started having her own horrific experiences.


nd at middle of the night she had heard o like everybody else, nd at house talk about the ghosts. but she, she wasn like maybe t heard as few like weird noises. but it never knew What to make of anything. I never saw anything. Hmm. but then one night, as she wasn trying to fall asleep, she felt something touching her leg. She said later I couldn't see it, but it wasn freezing cold. So she said she threw back the sheets and she kicked out whatever wasn touching her. But it only crept closer. nd moved up her calf. Oh, So. She didn't know What to do so she grabbed her rosary That. She kept next to her bed and she started saying the Lord's prayer over, And over. but the cross In her hand suddenly bent. She said like somebody wasn trying to rip it from her hands. Violently.


What the fuck. So she screamed for her Aunt And. Uncle nd from their bed, Carmen heard her niece screaming for help. In a way That by then wasn familiar from all the times, That, Philip and Michael had claimed to see ghosts. Carmen said, I grabbed my Bible from the nightstand And. I'm just saying to myself, I've gotta find something to put all these ghost stories to rest. I've had It up to here with the ghost stories What. but when she So, she entered Kelly's room and she doesn't see anything. But she li she listened as Kelly explained What, she felt nd later Carmen said I didn't believe her. I thought the older boys had gotten her excited about the stories nd at funeral home. but the scene repeated itself the next night. nd Carmen approached it with the same skepticism as she had the night before.


but on the third night, she just could not deny What wasn happening to Kelly and trigger warning for sexual assault. Here this is really awful. That evening, when Kelly yelled for help, Carmen went And the room, expecting to find nothing. but she said she found her knee struggling on the bed. and when she went closer, she saw a hand. Or she felt a hand, sorry. Push her back Violently. And, she caught a glimpse of What wasn attacking her niece. She said I saw an arm. The knuckles and joints go up under her night, shirt up over her breast and back through the wall. What at That point, I realized something wasn going on. What, the Fuck is going on here. It only gets worse. What. So.


Much worse. Oh my. After That night, the attacks on the entire family escalated to the point That one or more of the family members were being attacked or harassed. Like daily. Holy shit. At first, Kelly seemed to be the main target. And she wasn assaulted several more times, my God, by this unseen entity. She said this asshole, she this asshole of a ghost. She said the covers would be pulling off the bed. There would be voices nd lots of scratches. And, she said. It seemed as though with Philip out of the house, the ghost had shifted the attention to the other me members of the family. nd nobody wasn spared Wow One evening after Carmen had fallen asleep, nd at bed next to her husband, the entity turned its attention toward al the He.


He. I have like a quote here of his experience. nd it's triggering. I would say, oh boy. So He told Sally, Jesse Raphael I felt a strange sensation coming over my body. It started at my feet. nd wasn climbing up through my body before I had a chance to reach over to tell Carmen to tell her something wasn wrong. I wasn frozen. nd couldn't move. Then I felt a stinging penetration. In my anal area and I wasn trying to scream to cry out for Carmen to help me somehow. but it couldn't move. After a while, don don't know how long it got. It had gone away. and there wasn No more sensation. I woke Carmen up. And I said Carmen I. Think I. wasn just sodomized by this demon. Yikes.


I. I have No words. I have so many feelings do carry on Okay. So He said when He tried to explain to Carmen, What happened. He struggled to find the right words. He said, nd this is sad. He said It wasn't like a normal rape, not like a person to person type like He felt like this. wasn like an entity. Oh this is horrific. No It really is. It reminds me of the We covered It. The sml, the SML family. Yes. Yes. I thought of them too. So a few nights later, Carmen had her own experience with the entity nd at middle of the night, she said, when it would take me sexually assault me, it would laugh with such pleasure. nd enjoyed What. It wasn doing to me. nd I just couldn't move.


It wasn the most terrifying thing I've ever experienced. So this started with like voices seeing things outta the corner of their eyes. Nd then it turned to full-blown like sexual assault, demon style Okay. This is, this is so much. This is not just a regular haunting. This isn't a run of the mill haunt. It's not, this isn't one of those fun ones, No. It's definitely not. Nope. So after more than two years at this point, the family knew That. They couldn't just, you know, continue living like this being attacked nightly. but they didn't really know What to do or how they should even proceed.


Their first instinct wasn to call the police. but you can't What. You gonna say What are you gonna say? and they didn't think NY would anybody would believe them? So. Instead, Carmen turned to their church for comfort and hoped That their priest. Father Wheatley would have some idea about What to do. He did not. but I'm shocked. He had like one idea, but it didn't really work out. He had one idea. He had like, well one idea, He had a crumb of an idea to really pan out though a few days later Father Wheatley came over He wasn sitting nd at living room. And He listened as Carmen told him about What had been happening. nd you know, He wasn patient and he wasn supportive. but as Carmen suspected, He wasn, He wasn skeptical to say the least.


He said your entire family has been through a great deal. but then He rattled off a list of the traumas That they had experienced since Philip had been diagnosed with cancer. nd then, you know, everything else they had gone through. Yeah. So He wasn essentially being like, you've gone through a lot nd I think it's manifesting this way. Yeah, but He still offered to bless the house and he assured Carmen That He and the congregation would continue to be a source of support for them. But whatever relief Carmen felt after Father Wheatley blessed the house wasn very shortlived. Because apparently hours after the priest left the house, she wasn violently assaulted In her bedroom. nd That experience only ended when Kelly burst And the bedroom. nd like saved her Wow.


So after all That had happened, nd at house, nobody felt comfortable living there anymore. but Alan Carmen didn't have NY money to move. Like they were stuck there. That's usually the worst thing In these scenarios I know, is you're like I wouldn't stay There And. Then you're like, but where are you gonna go? Exactly. They hoped That the blessing would get rid of whatever wasn attacking them. but it actually only seemed to make whatever this wasn, this entity angrier nd more aggressive. So as she sat thinking about What, they should do, she remembered a magazine That her friend had given her a week or so earlier. Nd In There wasn an article about this Connecticut husband nd wife team. They were like paranormal experts who specialized In demon cases. I've never really heard of anybody like That No neither No.


Yeah, Carmen went And the living room. She found the magazine And. She flipped the pages until she came to this article about Ed nd Lorraine Warren. You said Ed And Lorraine. Yeah. It doesn't really don, I'm interested to hear about these folks, these newcomers on the scene. Good old Ed and Lorraine. Yeah. The article said That. The Warrens lived In Monroe, which wasn just less than an hour away. So Carmen called information and wasn able to get their number. Oh boy she called and Lorraine picked up on the first ring. She said, yo, she said, hello, it's Lorraine, it's me, Lorraine Warren. You have a demon. Demon an exorcist at your service. That's literally how she answered the phone. I know it, me too. So then Carmen immediately launched And her story so fast and with so much intensity, That Lorraine had to ask her to slow down several times.


nd at she wasn like, you need to take a breath. You gotta start over. When Carmen finally got through the story, Lorraine told her to keep her rosary handy and to use it That evening. If There were NY attacks. but That, she And her husband would be There at That house the very next morning. Hell yeah, they are. nd just as they promised, ed nd Lorraine Warren showed up at the house a little after 9:00 AM That very next morning, ed And Lorraine And, they interviewed Alan Carmen nd at living room. Carmen had worried about how she sounded on the phone the previous afternoon and couldn't help That. The Warrens probably wouldn't believe her. but before she could say anything more, ed said, we'd like you to know That. If we sound as if we doubt What, you're saying that's not the case at all. We just have to be sure In every way we possibly can be That.


The things you tell us about have been brought on by supernatural forces. Okay. So his words were a relief tale. In Carmen. They felt like somebody wasn finally gonna help them. Somebody wasn. Finally listening. And In. Late July of 1988, ed and Lorraine Warren started their investigation. And, this family's haunting. Here we go. It would ultimately last several months, And It actually involved the Warrens living nd at house with the family for nine weeks. That is So ed and Lorraine coated said I. Can't even, they just wete nd for dinner. They just said for nine weeks straight, they said, roomies company, roomies. I like the little finger gun you did. and they did. Both of them did finger guns.


nd said roomies and Ed said, I'm literally So. So random. but we were watching a hing moving In, your house moving In your house. My god. We were watching a haunting the other night with Mikey and Dave. And, There wasn there wasn like another case. Mike. He's snorting It wasn like another case. And. This like person got possessed at a table with Ed. And like shoved him back. In his chair. but he's like making this like the actor That plays him is making this face wasn wasn like nd like He goes nd literally So weird. nd we were crying. Cry. Now would a picture Ed Warren this day? It's all I. Think about. Yep. He's literally so random.


Literally so random. but according to random Ed, Warren, whatever, wasn nd at house, wasn, demonic, In nature, of course He said it's very old, very cunning and absolutely without a doubt, very, very evil mean, you know, yeah, not nice, just overall a bad time is What. I'm saying Lorraine explained That, demonic infestations like the one That the family wasn experiencing quote always occur. In a five step progression, encroachment, And, infestation, oppression, possession, and finally death. Oh shit. nd she said That somebody probably Philip had either knowingly or unknowingly let the demon And the house. nd ever since then it had been working to drive the family apart and destroy them.


Damn Real nice. Whoever let the demon In I know. but Lorraine wasn quick to add That. Things weren't as dire as they seemed. Oh, she told Alan Carmen, we can fight it, but only with the help of God will we win Okay? Let's go. Let's go. It's I would think That. God's like really busy. Yeah. He I mean He is got a lot to worry about. So that's a little nerve wracking. Yeah. but for more than two years, Carmen and Al had struggled to understand What wasn happening. In their house. and now they were finally getting some answers. So they were happy. Yeah. and a 1988 interview Carmen said, you always think am I going crazy. Did I imagine all this? but the Warrens gave them both perspective. And reminded them That, they weren't alone. and Carmen said the big problem is, is whether or not So many people could be crazy.


This isn't happening to one person. That's true. So she wasn like this happens all the time. And, There. You go, you know I mean there's a little thing called hysteria, but There is That. but we'll put That to the side. Yeah. Ibel. I. I'm just here to say That. I. Believe In hauntings. I do too. I very much believe In Ghosts. Not sure about this one, but I'm just, you know, just laying it all out. Just you know, is the story. Make story. We look at it from all angles. It's a crazy story. No matter What, it's a nut bag story. This a nut bag story. wasn a bag of nuts.


Investing can feel really overwhelming. Definitely super confusing. Like What even is the Dao who's Dao. anyway. Acorns though makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with Acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio. That fits you, nd your money goals And then automatically invest your money for you. I think investing is one of the smartest things you can do. I, think the younger you start the better off you're gonna be. So use Acorns. Head to acorns.com/ Morbid or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors Lll, C nd S, E C registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash Morbid.


But it at nd at months slash weeks of their investigation, the Warrens, along with their assistance, they always have assistance. Oh yeah. Who is, who is Ed nd lo Lorraine Warren's assistant. Not now obviously, but like who is That person? There's multiple Yeah, that's What I. I'm like who mean? but who is the person? That helps them mean your life. Are you mean like who? Who goes for That job? I Don't know. I'm not saying it's a bad person. I'm just saying like, who are you? Yeah. If you were one of Ed and Lorraine Warren's assistants I. Just wanna know hit us up. What wasn it. Like just be like What. Yeah. Tell me don don't know anything. I'm just, I'm here. Yeah, well they had like all different kinds of people work for them. Like I. Even the Episode we were watching the other night, the one the girl That got possessed wasn their assistant.


Yeah. nd she wasn Clairvoyant. Oh yeah, you're right. Remember? So they always had people with like different gifts who are sensitive to the Yeah. Like empaths. Yeah. The sad this time their assistants were John Zaphy And, Chris Kinnel And. They claimed to have experienced a variety of unpleasant nd assaultive experiences nd at house. That's scary. On the first night, nd at house Z Zais, excuse me. and McKenna claimed to quote, have suffered burning sensations when they tried to corner this their supernatural foe. Oh, I love That and yeah, I love good band name Supernatural Foe. We are supernatural foe That. That's a great one. That fucking slaps. That's a banger of a band name Supernatural fa holy.


Oh yeah. Listen to their supernatural flow. Oh boom. and just being like Hey. Have you heard the new Supernatural foe album? What It I love I love So much. Ah, it would the first, the first album would be called Ectoplasm. Whoa. You should be a tour manager. Yeah. I like this a lot. but That night, every when they were, you know, facing off their supernatural foe. Not the band, the actual foe, the actual fo. Everybody nd at house heard heavy footsteps, banging noises. They were flickering lights, a ton of shit. and one instance Al had just fallen asleep and he wasn awoken by a noise And, a bright flashing light.


and he said from wi within the light emerged the dead decaying face of Jesus Christ. That mocked him. And tell nd told him, There wasn, nothing He could do to help. This is when we really need to start filming these because I just took the most judgmental sip of water. I wasn just gonna say how you seen the sip of water. I said, I said clang. Itty clang. Clang raise eyebrows. Sip. Because like What, a What a bitch move like him. Just be like nothing you can do about a loser. It wasn like the demon. It wasn the demon.


That wasn. Not Jesus. No. It's not Christlike but it I. Just picture this like a decaying face of Christ. Just being like, Hmm, nobody likes you. Boo. You whore if you're dumb I wish the decaying face of Jesus looked at Alan said, Booo, you whore boo. You whore. That's funny. I don't actually wish That, but, but you like I don't brother forward. That's just, there's some Wiley sentences being spoke during this there I. Think that's, that's where I am. There are some Wiley sentences nd at need like the sentences spoken during this are off the charts. Imagine having to speak them. nd at storytelling voice. Yeah. I love It. Well, as the Warrens And, their assistants continued their investigation.


The demonic forces nd at house were just growing stronger, bolder. At one point they even tried to possess Carmen. Oh fuck. nd it wasn at That Point. That Ed concluded the only way to confidently get rid of the entities. In this house wasn to have a Catholic priest perform an exorcism brought to you by Catholic priest performing exorcisms. Let's go after the attack on Carmen, ed made a few calls allegedly In order to get Allegedly. Yes. Very allegedly. Oh man. In order to get permission from the Catholic arch Diocese of Hartford. Oh shit. Got real. According to Ed and Lorraine Warren on September sixth, 19 88, 2 Roman Catholic priest and a deacon arrived at the house and performed the exorcism, which successfully drove the demons out of the home.


The vibes. So Anticlima. Oh That. wasn. Just it. They just came And. They were like, we did it. Yes. Oh, all right. Thanks Priest. Yeah. And deacon. It's unclear how it happened, but within a week or two, word of the exorcism reached the press. Oh. Course as It always does, of course ex exorcisms are always gonna reach the press. You can't ever sweep an exorcism under the rug. Yeah. What are of those things, the things you can count on. In life. Death. Death. Taxes. Taxes. And. Word of the exorcism reaching the press. Yeah, there you go. Three things you can count on. In life truth, So, this family and the Warrens were flooded with calls from reporters seeking a comment on the story. Ed told a reporter an exorcism has been performed nd at house nd it's been very successful.


but someone going And That house and performing a seance or some type of ritual could bring it back. There's something nd at house That is intangible. It's invisible. It has the power to inflict physical pain. It is something That is very evil. Oh yeah. Sounds like a movie. It sure does. In his initial statement to the press, ed Warren insisted quote, the ritual wasn sanctioned by the Archdiocese of Hartford. but it smelled a, but it I smelled the but it coming when they were contacted for comment, a spokesperson for the diocese refuted those claims. Reverend John Gatk I believe it is said from What, I can gather There wasn an Exorcism performed in supposedly It wasn with the archbishop's permission.


but according to Gatk, the diocese never received NY formal request for an exorcism. and as far as He knew, none had been performed by NY of his people. I'm pretty sure That, ed and Lorraine have a couple of those. They under their belt where they say they contact the archdiocese of Go Dupa do. Yeah. and then they don't nd then something happens nd then the church is like, we do That. We didn't do That. Yeah, that's happened. In. At least one of our other stories. I feel like that's kind of like, that's like their thing. Yeah. Like you know, like we all have our things. Did we contact the archdiocese or all? Yeah like you know like, like Ash loves Leopard print. Yeah. I Love Ghost I. Love Ghost And Ed nd Lorraine Warren love to not contact the archdiocese of blah blah blah.


Yes. To get permission. Precisely. and this guy, this reverend said No permission has been given nor is there NY intention. nd at near future to have an exorcism performed. Because I'm pretty sure the church is like I mean At least like the Catholic church. don don't know about like all churches, but I'm pretty sure they're like not interested In Exorcisms anymore. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's, yeah. I don like I think mean Got them a bad That. but What I don. but it definitely I don I think it's bad press for them. I don't think they they love an exorcism. I don't think so either. but it late I wasn gonna say In late exorcism nd at late Exorcisms In. Late September rather just if a week after the exorcism of the home, the the family moved out of the house. Oh.


Although the house wasn supposedly clear of NY de demonic activity after the exorcism, the trauma That they claimed to have endured while living there made it very difficult to stay. Hmm. Carmen told a reporter the memories And things That have happened will never feel comfortable nd at house again. My children are frightened to the point where they don't want to go to the bathroom alone. That's so sad. Which is sad. That's really sad. So. They, they moved back to New. York And. Their experiences with the paranormal seemed to come to an end. but interest In their story only grew nd at years That followed the move between 1988 nd 1992, several members of the family gave interviews to the press. nd they came on, they appeared on popular ta national talk shows there. wasn Sally, Jesse Raphael, Larry King Live, my personal favorite.


The Maury Povi show. Oh Maury, do you remember when you would stay home from school? Yes. nd watch the Maury Povi show. nd like change the channel when your mom would come. In. Yes. The best. Absolutely. and Sally Jesse Raphael is like a blast from the past. She's the one with the glasses, right? It Big Red Glasses. I never watched her show. Yeah. 'cause I think it wasn like before my time. Yeah. I. Think So. but Maori Povich honey. Maury Povich Wasn't Maury like the governor of somewhere at one point. wasn He. I'm pretty pretty sure He wasn the governor of somewhere. don gonna but He just looked at me like don don't know. nd I mean you could absolutely be right but it don't remember That governor. There's like Mare and then there's another guy. There's one guy That wasn like the governor or something. Or like the mayor. wasn. He. Like another talk show.


Yes. About like Jerry Springer. wasn He a mayor somewhere. Yeah. Jerry Springer. It is Jerry Springer. Oh, He served as one year for mayor. There you go. Jerry Springer did Cincinnati. Jerry Springer. Yeah. Wow I. Didn't know That. Yeah. Fun fact. I can always I wasn't allowed to watch Jerry Springer. Oh Honey I wasn't allowed to watch NY of this, but it wasn watching It I wasn. My wasn't super crazy about like Maury, but she wasn't like forbidden. but Jerry Springer wasn forbidden. nd at house. My friend shout out to tn once skipped school. And I. Think It wasn. Jerry Springer. She went to go see the Jerry Springer show. Oh my God. but her mom saw her nd at audience. Oh my God. and knew and she skipped school to go to the Jerry Springer show. Wow What an experience. Love you Tea.


but so yeah, they were doing like all these talk show appearances and according to Carmen, their appearances nd at press And on television. On television, television, television we're getting And The end on the television, television, television. She said they were motivated by a quote, desire to help others with similar problems and discourage people from dabbling nd at Supernatural. Hmm. That's entirely possible. but critics and skeptics of this story couldn't help but notice That the media attention culminated In a book about the haunting ah That wasn written by Ed Warren and horror author Ray Garten with the help of the family. Ah, And. Those critics May have had a good point because In a Dark Place The True Story of a Haunting wasn released In 1992.


and all the media attention That the story had received up to That Point only helped to promote the book. Look at That In a statement to the reporters, the owner of the house. Daryl Kern, our guy dismissed the family's claims. And He said He had never received NY complaints about the House. Not even from That particular family. Wow He said they're just trying to make a buck on a book. As far as I'm concerned, it's a dead issue. Oh. Among the more vocal of the sneers critics were the tenants on the second floor. Because remember this wasn wasn I Wondery wasn an apartment. Yeah. Yvonne and Jim Safford. And. Yvonne's brother Richard were their neighbors on the second floor. and Yvonne told a reporter, I've been here for two years, nd I haven't seen or heard anything.


Wow. She wasn like That. That's, that'll tell. That's a little, you know. Yeah. nd October of 1992, the Safford actually appeared alongside the Soine on Sally. Jesse Raphael for an Episode titled I was raped by a ghost. Early nineties talk shows went crazy. Yo, they went absolutely crazy. They went off, they went Bonker. You could never get away with the shit they used to get away with. Now never. nd at Episode. The sneers talked about their experiences focusing mostly on the sexual assaults. That they said happened after which the Safford were brought on stage to refute their claims. Damn. Jim Safford said, damn, the most obvious thing for me is the inconsistencies.


In their story. I researched It with my wife And, a close relative of the ERs told me There wasn nothing to It That. They were making it up just for the money. Wow nd In fact. Yvonne claimed That. The entire story wasn made up after the sneers started having really bad financial troubles. I wondered if That wasn grab it, which said Yvonne told Sally, Jesse Raphael, they never had a problem until they got behind on the rent. Ooh. Which wasn like that's mean you don't need to like air their dirty laundry. Damn. Other neighbors soon joined the chorus of those who believed That. The sneers were lying. A friend of Philips, Jeff Pooler told Sally, Jesse Raphael That, Philip had a history of using hallucinogenic drugs. Oh. and That went a long way to explaining the change. In his behavior.


Yes, absolutely. He said I personally. Don't think There wasn anything going on there. He wasn a storyteller. He always had to be center of attention. Oof. Similarly, ther's neighbor across the street, Catherine Altima, kept a Journal of all the disruptive events. Nd claimed That. Many of the loud noises, And other claims. That the sneers made could just be explained by traffic sounds nd cars with loud mufflers. Oh, It wasn her opinion. That, they had planned this from the moment That. They moved In. Ah. and even those who had been once supportive of the AERs, like next door neighbor Joan Bel started to get suspicious after the story started to spread. She said, I don't believe they made the whole thing up. but every time I've seen Carmen on tv, the story became more and more involved.


And, it just got bigger. Yeah. and that's when you know. Yeah. Among the more suspicious claims of the story, at least as far as locals were concerned, wasn, That, they had No idea. The house had been the former location of a funeral home like they thought That wasn malar malarkey. Yeah. According to Darryl Kern, who wasn the landlord Theenager were told of the house's history before they rented the funeral home had only shut down two years before they moved In. nd at the time That Carmen went to look at the apartment, the old sign for the business. wasn still standing nd at front yard. Oh, come on. and could easily be seen from the road Okay. There you go. Yeah. Now while the criticism from skeptical neighbors wasn a prominent feature of the book's publicity, there were perhaps none more skeptical of the sneers than members of committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal or CS I cop.


You know, that's kind of their job. That's, that's actually their entire job. For those who don know is amazing, their job. For those who don't know, they're a national group of scientists. nd industry expert. And it's their mission to promote critical thinking. In America I mean I love That. Yeah. Beginning nd at mid 1970s. CS I cop I I. Don't know if that's actually What they're called. but it's very fun to Callem That. It sounds hilarious though. They were very vocal critics of Ed and Lorraine Warren as they should be. and they saw this particular case, the Schneer case, as part of a pattern where the Warrens were just kind of promoting their own agenda. Yeah. The Warrens had some, had done something very similarly, a decade earlier with the story of George and Ka Lutz, the family who inspired the Amityville Horror.


nd we all know how That one went, which we will be covering this spooky season. We will. Because That is attached to a very real And, very tragic crime story. Tragic, very tragic. CS I cop member Joe Nickel wrote already having helped promote the Amityville horror and similar West Pitts nd Pennsylvania nightmare. The Warrens continued their modus operandi of arriving at a quote unquote haunted house and transforming the case. And a quote unquote demonic one. and you know, claiming That they contact the archdiocese of a place. And not doing It Also. They're thing that's a pattern of behavior. J Nickel. Don't fucking forget That. Yeah. Don't forget it. That's their thing. Yeah. Joe wasn, one of the many skeptics who spoke out publicly against the family, including appearing alongside them on Sally, Jesse Raphael and the Maury Povich show.


That's, that's awesome. I love That. Everybody wasn like just beefing on television. Just beefing on daytime television. She's like, let's go just beefing while everybody's at work. Yeah. but like several other critics, He pointed out the many inconsistencies nd at Family story. Including the fact That contrary to how it had been presented. nd at press the family did not actually move from the house voluntarily. Nickel wrote long before the Sally show, the sneers landlady had served them with an eviction notice for failing to pay their rent, which is very sad. He Also pointed to several other facts about the family. That were not mentioned nd at book or In their many television and media appearances. Appearances including the sexual assault allegations, Al's, history of alcoholism, And, a very long history of just dysfunction.


In general. Yeah. It sounds like It nd He noted That perhaps most telling wasn That many years after its publication. Ed Warren's co-author on In a Dark Place Ray Garten He repudiated the book and the Warrens, which is not great. I mean. Yeah. don like Jo join the long, the long line of people. Yeah. Not a great thing for the story. No definitely not. He quoted the Gart as not the Garton. He quoted Gart as saying the family involved, which wasn going through some serious problems like alcoholism nd drug addiction could not keep their story straight. And I became very frustrated. It's hard writing a nonfiction book when all the people involved are telling you different stories. Oh, very sad.


That is sad. It's kind of sad all the way through and then it gets like realistically sad. nd at end. Oh No. Yeah In. 1993 after the release of In a Dark Place had made them very controversial stars. Yeah. Alan Carmen moved to moved their family to Tennessee to kind of like quiet down a little bit. Yeah. Carmen's family lived out There. but despite the controversy surrounding the story, nd the large number of skeptics and critics, the book actually sold really well for the first couple years. nd nd at mid two thousands, members of the family appeared In a feature length docudrama for the Discovery channel entitled A Haunting in Connecticut. That's Oh I. Remember That? Yep. The family. They told their story, it wasn Dramaticized with interviews And paid actors and then And two thousand nine the story would surface again this time as the source material for the haunting In Connecticut, which is a mostly fictionalized version of What they say actually happened.


Artistic license. Yes. Yes. Since the release of the haunting In Connecticut, members of the Schneer family have tried to stay out of the spotlight and nd at decades That followed Philip's cancer remained In remission. but it, late 2011, his cancer returned. nd He passed away on January 9th, 2012 at the age of 38. Oh damn. Yeah. And That is the end of the sneer family. Haunting a K A the haunting In. Connecticut Wow. It's a Wiley story. That's a truly Wiley story. nd anytime it involves That and Lorraine I say sign me up because it's, you know, it's gonna be cuckoo nuts.


Bananas. It's gonna take you And. Another realm. Yeah. nd at aren't we all just looking for That? We're always looking for That And. Ed And lra are such like fascinating creatures. Like they're such a fascinating case study. They are on like, you know, scammers. That, I Think Also believe some of the stuff. That. They pedal. That's the thing. Because I don't believe I. I definitely believe That. They were like scamming people. Yeah. but it don't believe That. I I. Think That I think they believed some of their shit. I think they believed some of their shit. Like I don't believe they were 100% scammers. Yeah. I I really do believe That. They, they at least believed some of It. Yeah. And I. Think I. Think It got bigger than them.


nd they were just like, alright with It, And I think they just rolled, rolled with It roll It and they saw What wasn working for them. And, they saw the dollar signs. And they yeah, they turned It And What It Shouldn't have been. Yeah, but that's What I think they're fascinating people. I agree. Fascinating creatures. That nd Lorene and L Warren. They nd Also so random. Literally So. So random with such a serious pattern of behavior. Truly the Archdiocese of It all, you know, it just, the Archdiocese of It all is just a great way to wrap up There. Well it really is. It is, it's a great like, like two truths and a lie for them. Yes. Like That, one of their truths or lies can be like always we, we call the archdiocese. Always say I call the archdiocese, but it never do.


Or I always call the archdiocese. nd maybe that's the truth. Or maybe it's the lie. Who knows? Do we could tell it's Lorraine Ed Warren, you know Wiley bitch wasn. They're crazy. Well, we hope He keep listening and we hope you keep It weird but not so weird. That, you don't actually call the archdiocese if you say you're gonna call the archdiocese because if you call the Archdiocese And, then you lie about it. They'll get mad. Yeah. Just do it. If you say you're gonna do It, you know I just kind of like to say Archdiocese called. Hello. It's Also the Archdiocese.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music Before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What happens when a hacker uncovers hundreds of murder plots targeting people all over the world. Each of them posted on a hitman for higher sight on the dark web with their photos, habits nd intimate details all used against them. What happens when they learn That. The threat is coming from the person closest to them. Or What is the psychological profile of a father who would murder his own son, And wife, all to hide a drug addiction nd years of embezzlement. How do we understand the actions of the most complex nd twisted minds from cases of serial killers? Relationships turn dark to manipulative scammers preying on the insecurities of regular people wanders. Exhibit C is your partner, In Crime. Listen to the best of true crime by following Exhibit C on the Wandery app. Wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to hit true crime shows like Kill List and Killer Psyche Early and Ad Free right now by joining Laundry Plus.