
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple, Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey, everyone. I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am loving called Cava. It's Hands down. the best thing that I found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, it's s got superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything. Your, body crepes to feel your best. It's creamy, it's smooth, and it comes together with just water. It also comes in five delicious flavors. I've tried literally every single one of them personally. Vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors. And, sometimes I like to combine them to have a vanilla chai, but there's also chocolate matcha and coconut acai, if that's your thing. Big fan of the coconut acai I. like to drink ka Cava in the morning because then I know I got all my nutrients right at the top of my day. And I just feel satiated, happy, energized to go about my day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's KACH A V A dot com slash Morbid.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio, books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I just got to the end of my Best Friend's Exorcism, which is the title we're going to be discussing on the Weirdos Audio Book Club. By the way, that's gonna be on August 30th, just so you know. And oh my God, my heart strings have been pulled. The end of that title, oh, you guys gotta listen. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena And. this Is Morbid. This Is Morbid. This is Morbid. This is Morbid. Oh, it's Morbid. It's Morbid. And guess what? We did another TikTok. Hey. And then wasn. Really funny. then wasn a fun one. We used our girl Kale Lowry. We did. And then wasn. Awesome. You know, name and likeness or whatever it is. Yeah. And you guys have been hilarious about it, so thanks for for supporting our TikTok journey with my book.


Shouldn't Be Outside Enjoying the Sunlight. Should be in Should Cave for the funniest audio. What is an unhinged thing to say to a human being? Truly hilarious. Hilarious. I think even kale would agree that that's fucking hilarious, but like, whoa. Yeah, it's so brain. Just say to another person, it's so calm. You should be in a cave. She should be in a cave. Yeah. I love it. I think it's hilarious. And I love her reaction because she's just like, what? What? What the fuck are you talking about? It's so good. Oh, but that TikTok was really fun to film. Yeah. You guys have been amazing about it. So thanks for being so great. What's your TikTok handle? You bitch, what is it, max? I think it's Elena to the max. My everything is Elena to the max.


I think you gotta let the people know every time. Yeah. It's how we're gonna drive. That's how you drive people, the people to your tiktoks. You know, I am the millennial and we'll be, we'll be doing more and as September 17th approaches, which is the day that the book comes out, the butcher game, the but case.com. If you need to order something, you could pre-order it. It might come the day before. Who knows? That's always fun. And like more signed copies might be happening. Maybe, right? Who knows? You never know. The world World is an oyster and it's yours and it's my oyster. Yeah. Noah, theirs. No. Well, it's all of ours. Yeah. Everybody's oyster. We can all have a party of oyster unless you have a shellfish allergy. I actually don't like shellfish, so it is my like meatball sub, I would say. I have to tell you something. I told you I was never gonna eat oysters again.


I ate them Vibrio. I ate them. But I'm only eating them in places where like, I feel like the water is super fresh. It's a vibe. Vibrio is also a vibe. No, Vibrio is actually not a pop. It's a vibe. It's some kind of vibe. Vi is a, is a, is a dang dark place name with fire. My friend I know. Well, Yolo, you know, here we are. But Yolo. Yolo as the kids would say. don don't think they say that anymore. And then wasn said Yolo. Yo yo. I accidentally said Yolo. Yolo. Yeah. You lay, lay. Here we are I don know. You know, I have an interesting case today to tell you all about. Do you? I do. It's kind of like not really like, well, that's not true.


I was gonna say, it's not like anything life. It's not like anything we've ever done before. It's totally different, but it's not, it's sort of, it's like in a different wheelhouse, but it's still our wheelhouse, I feel. All right. It's a kidnapping. I'd like to warn you at the top of the show. Okay. So it's a little bit intense. Okay. But I'm gonna also tell you it has a happy ending. Oh good. Okay. And nobody dies. There's no murder. Look at that. Yeah. So that's good. Wow. That is different. So here we are. Yeah. Different wheelhouse. All right. So should we dive in? Let's dive in. It's been a long time. I know since I did that I know and it just came to me. I did. All right. So we're gonna be talking about The Disappearance of Delimar Vera. Delimar Vera was born December 5th, 1997. So like we're about the same age.


Look at that to, I think it's pronounced Lu. I looked it up. Cuevas and Pedro Vera, a young couple. They were living in Feltonville, north Philadelphia. Lu was beyond Exci. Are you what? Here we go. And we're off Exci. Ex excited. Excit Lu was beyond excited about the arrival of her baby daughter, but she always maintained her. Then husband Pedro hadn't been super stoked about the prospect of having children. Oh, he was like, yeah, Woo hoo. Oh. But according to her, not super excited. That's not great. In fact, according to her, when the baby was born, Pedro actually refused to sign the birth certificate, which she pointed to as evidence that he quote did not want the child.


I think that's pretty glaring evidence, I would say. Yeah. I'm like, I don't love that. That's really sad. I know. But a little more than a week later, On December 15th Lu was home with Pedro, their new baby Delimar, which I think is such a pretty name. Yeah. And their two sons, who at that time were four and five, and around 7:00 PM there was a knock on the door. And Lu answered it to find a woman who she'd never met before standing on her doorstep. The woman. Carolyn Carrera was actually Pedro's cousin by marriage. She was from New Jersey. And she said she was there hoping that Pedro might take a look at her car. She said her car was having brake problems. Pedro was like, good with car stuff. So she kind of just showed up from New Jersey and said, Hey, take a look at my brakes.


Okay. Random. Yeah. Unexpected. This is why I don't answer the door. Oh, I never answer the door. No. I literally never answer the door. Even when it's people I'm expecting I send Drew. He said, Nope. Can you get the door please? Oh, I, yeah. I don't even answer the door then. Yeah. Nope. Nope. But Pedro agreed to take a look at the car, but before he did, he said he needed to run some errands and go grocery shopping. So while he was out, the two women remained at the house just kinda making small talk. 'cause remember, they don't know each other. So yeah, it's like a pretty awkward situation. But she's kind of family. Like she, she's family. Yeah. So she loses trying to like be a good entertainer. I'd be like, sorry. But she said later on she would describe it as an uncomfortable conversation.


Yeah, I can imagine. And also having just given birth a little over a week earlier. Yeah. I don a lot. don don't think you'd really wanna be entertaining by yourself. No, you don't. But because she hadn just given birth, only a week earlier, or like a little more than a week earlier, the subject of a baby came up naturally. And this woman, Carolyn mentioned that she and her boyfriend, Andrea Moore, had also just recently had a baby. She said, same sister. Wow. Now, as the women were chatting downstairs, Lou suddenly heard a loud bang upstairs that sounded like an explosion. And the baby sleeping upstairs. What the fuck? So she is all obviously terrified and she runs upstairs and goes into de Lamar's room.


But by the time she reached the room, a small fire had broken out and the room was beginning to fill with smoke. Holy shit. Now, despite the large amount of smoke now, and the fumes just rapidly filling the room loose, was able to get to the crib. She was completely determined to get there. Yeah. And got there. But Delimar was nowhere to be seen. What the fuck? She was gone in her own room. Yep. she hadn just been sleeping in her room, and then she heard a loud bang and the baby was gone by the time she got to the cri. That's everyone's worst nightmare. And it's also just like, how did this happen? Yeah. She was upstairs and I've been downstairs this whole time. Yeah. Like, where's the baby? So a few seconds later, the smoke had become unbearable and loose was forced to out of the room.


After catching her breath, she tried again to go back in the room and get to the crib. Wow. She actually suffered burns to her face and her arms. But when she reached the crib, her first impression was confirmed. There was definitely no baby in that crib. What the fuck? No. She also noticed that the window in the room was open and she knew that there was no way she would've done that herself. No. Just one having the baby in the room by herself. She wasn't gonna open the window. But also then wasn a cold night. So the, it just wouldn't, yeah. Wouldn't have been something that she'd do. So this was shocking. But the fire had grown out of control at that point, and she didn't have time to think, because also she hadn other children that she hadn to get to. Oh yeah. She has a four and 5-year-old. Right. So they were forced outside and we, this is heartbreaking.


Neighbors just could hear her screaming, my baby, my baby. Oh God. Over and over again. So hearing the noise and seeing the smoke and fire from the house, coming from the house. A neighbor 20, 20-year-old Jose Rosario rushed over and tried to get into the house to save the baby. Oh. Later he told journalists that he heard crying. So covering his face, he tried to climb the stairs to get to the baby, but the smoke was so thick he just couldn't get in there. He said, I tried the best I could, but the smoke was choking me. Other neighbors also tried to help, like Chico raison, who tried to douse the house with his garden hose. But it just, the fire was outta control. A garden hose wasn't gonna do anything. He told a reporter the flames were just too much.


Damn. So firefighters arrived at the scene quickly and they pushed back what was now a really big crowd. And they were all just, the crowd was shouting like, save the baby, save the baby. Oh man. Raison remembered. The neighbors were outside yelling, there's a baby in there. There's a baby. And Lu also reported to the firefighters that she hadn gone to her daughter's room when the, when the fire first broke out. But that she hadn found no baby in the crib where she hadn expected her baby Delimar to be. That's horrifying. Now, there's no documentation of how firefighters responded to the claims, but it's pretty clear from their later statements that they didn't believe loose at the time. Why the fuck would she say that? I don't really know. Within about 10 minutes, firefighters had things under control luckily, and the fire was extinguished.


But the small row house had been completely gutted and there was no sign of little Delimar. Now just then, Pedro returned to find the house, destroyed his wife being packed into an ambulance, and he found out that his daughter was consumed by the fire. That's what, that's what firefighters told him. Holy shit. Yeah. Delimar ended up being declared dead at the scene. And fire officials explained to Pedro that they found no body because her remains were completely destroyed by the flames. No, just up front. That is not what happened. Oh my. So don't for a second that that's what happened. But that's what this family was told. Holy shit. But they never believed it.


Wow. Pedro didn't believe it and neither did loose. Wow. So the next day, fire captain Henry Berry told the press the fire was caused by a home rigged extension cord connected to a space heater, which must have thrown a spark at some point and started the fire. Oh man. Neighbor Gloria Mojica said it's a shame because they were just trying to find a way to keep themselves warm. Yeah. Lu was discharged. Discharged, excuse me, from Temple University Hospital just one day after the fire. And she learned that not only were there no remains to bury, but also that as a result of there not being a body, the medical examiner actually couldn't issue a death certificate or even legally declare Delimar dead. Holy shit.


So like firefighters, first responders said like, declare they're dead at the scene. Gone. But they couldn't legally do that. Like, like Yeah. Like firefighters could. Yeah. But they couldn't have it on record. Like official record. Yeah, exactly. And if the parents wanted or needed that formality, they were gonna have to go and petition a court to get their child declared legally dead. Yeah, exactly. When they don't know that for sure. Exactly. Wow. So the family was understandably devastated. Yeah. But they didn't really have a lot of choice but to move on and try to make things the best they could for their two living children. So they moved to a new house, and in 1999, Lu gave birth to a fourth child, a boy that they named Samuel.


They felt happy about adding to their family, obviously. But the loss of a child took a really heavy toll on them. Of course. And in December of 2022, or excuse me, 2002, loose and pager separated for good. That's so common. It is. When you lose a child, when you lose a child, and just like grief in general, like that's, yeah. That can tear people apart. And by that time they really just agreed on very little. And their communication was just, it had gotten really bad. But they did agree on one thing. They both believed that Delimar was still alive in 2004. Lou said, I always knew that my daughter did not die in that fire. They were actually both very public about their beliefs. Gloria Mojica were called.


Every time I'd see Pedro, he'd say the same thing, my baby's alive. I know it. Wow. They just like, like felt it in their hearts. And it's like, you can see how like the whole thing changed his perspective on Yeah. Like being a father with this child. You know what I mean? Like you can tell, he immediately was like, that's my baby's my baby and my baby's alive. It's like a very cliche thing to say, but you don't know what you have till it's gone. Yeah. You know, it's like, 'cause obviously he was like, that's my child. And they were correct it sounds like. So it's like they both have a, that parent intuition. Yeah, definitely. No, Pedro wasn't just convinced that his daughter was alive, but he was also determined to find her wherever she hadn gone.


Hell yeah. Pedro I know. Let's go. Mojica said he would tell me he was pursuing it though. What exactly that meant, how he was pursuing it remains unclear. But you know what? He had intentions too. So


yeah, If you're like me, you're constantly thinking about the safety of the people and things you value most. And after watching like 455 true crime documentaries and listening to this podcast, I knew, and I'm sure you know, that you need to secure your home with the best. My research led me to SimpliSafe. I've trusted SimpliSafe to protect my home for like four years now. And guys, the level of security and customer care has been incredible. I sleep better every single night knowing SimpliSafe 24 7 monitoring agents are standing by to protect me. And if someone tries to break in, they will send emergency help when I need it the most. Guys, I really want you to have the same peace of mind that I and so many listeners experience every day, which is why we have partnered with SimpliSafe. To offer listeners 20% off of a system, just visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid. What I love most is that SimpliSafe just keeps getting better. With exclusive lifeguard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and can even see and speak to intruders inside your home. Warning them police are on their way as a SimpliSafe user. It is literally no surprise that SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report. For five years running and the best customer service in home security by Newsweek, protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe, like SimpliSafe


listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore best sellers new releases, plus thousands of included audio books and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside any extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. I just finished listening to local Woman Missing and then wasn really cool because it's like multiple points of view and there was different actors for each voice and oh my goodness. then wasn a very cool listening experience. I recommend it as an Audible member. You can choose one title a month to keep from the in Toia catalog, including latest, best sellers and new releases. don Don't Know Why I got British. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


So on January 24th, 2004, Lu went to a family party thrown by Pedro's sister Evelyn, where she spotted a young girl who looked to be about six years old, according to loose. The girl quote bore a striking resemblance to herself and her other children stop loose. Like we said, never believed Delimar died in the fire. So when she saw the child, she instantly felt that. then wasn Delimar, holy shit. And she's just at a family party. And at a family party. That feeling became even stronger when she realized that the girl's mother was Carolyn cor. I think it's Correa. I di I didn't trust this lady. The second you said she showed up at the door, she just showed up at the door from New Jersey randomly and was like, Hey, my breaks are fucked up.


I didn't wanna say it for fear that like she was an innocent bystander. Here she's not. then wasn just so I was keeping it inside, but I was like, don don't know about this girl. Imagine like, don't you imagine this will not. But listen, imagine your child goes missing from your home while a weird stranger is there. And then you go to a family party and you see what you know is your child. Or like Jesus, very, very strongly believe is your child. And the lady who you had a weird feeling about already is claiming, claiming to be the mother. No. Or is the lady that took this this child to the party? No. You dealt or loose must have felt like she was in an alternate fucking universe.


Yeah. And the, the feeling of like helplessness at first must've been unreal because it's like, what do I do when everyone's gonna think I sound cuckoo nuts. Bananas. Yeah. And it's like if you know that's your child, you're like, well I'm gonna burn the, I'm gonna like scorch the earth to get this child back. So like, I guess let's fucking go. Like that would be my, I'd be like, let's go, let's go. Let's fucking go. Like, I am gonna burn the whole place down. I would like, I'm getting that kid back. Well don't you worry, loose is the baddest bitch in the game. I knew it about Luce. So Carolyn introduced this girl as Aaliyah was like, this is my daughter Aaliyah.


But Luce just couldn't shake the feeling that, not Aaliyah, this was her daughter Delimar. Oh my God. And she was like, she started putting two and two together and she's like, don don't know how, but somehow Carolyn kidnapped my baby on the night of the fire. Like I just know in my heart she kept her distracted downstairs. She later told her reporter, those dimples were all the DNAI needed to be certain 'cause she hadn these, these two little dimples of mama shit. Yeah. she hadn that child for like a little over a week. Literally a little over a week. Like that's like, like luckily, like luckily many of us do not have to worry about like what, how you would be able to identify your child older when not seeing them for their entire life. Yeah. But hearing this, you're just like, damn.


Right. Like that parent like love and knowledge for your, like who your child is. Yeah. That's unbelievable. It's a force. It's a little over a week. You reckoned with, you knew this infant newborn. Yeah. And then you see them years later and you're like, that's my kid. And like, let's be real. Most newborns look alike. Like Exactly. Newborns all look, but you look pretty similar. That's unbelievable. Yeah. That's really unbelievable. This family is iconic. Yeah, they're incredible. So according to Pedro's cousin, Jose Vera, this was actually not the first time either Pedro or Lu had seen Aaliyah. And while they weren't exactly close with Carolyn, they were still related and had some contact with her over the years, but not much. But Jose Vera said they agreed the child looked like them.


And Pedro always thought then wasn his daughter. But nothing ever happened till now. Oh, damn. So he claimed that although, although Pedro had seen the girl in person at family functions, Lu had only ever seen her in photographs before this family function. Oh, okay. Where she's like, that's my daughter, that's my child. And she really didn't have a lot of contact with the family since ending her relationship with Pedro in 2002. But still, they both together reported their suspicions to the police. And nothing ever came of the complaints, like from seeing the photographs and that kind of thing. My gosh. But now in 2004 with the girl just standing right in front of her loose was like, without a doubt a hundred percent my daughter. Yeah. Like I, I definitely thought so before, but now I know.


But now I'm in front of her. I'm in her presence. I know it. And she actually told the host of the party that she believed Aaliyah was Delimar. But given the unbelievable nature of the claim, the host just kind of dismissed what she was saying and was like, no, no, no. That's Carolyn's daughter. Yeah. Like you must be mistaken. And probably felt bad. Probably was like, yeah, like that. I have to tell you. Like, I'm sorry. No, that's Carolyn somebody else's daughter. Right. But Lou's own brother even doubted what she was saying and said, we thought she was just traumatized by the fire. Which like, you can understand that. Yeah. 'cause it's like, that would be traumatizing. I can't even fathom the amount of trauma she would have. Absolutely. And she did have, I'm sure. Yeah. It's like, so, and trauma makes you do some things that you know you wouldn't normally do or like makes you think things.


Yeah. And she's desperate definitely to find her child again. So maybe this is one of those instances where it's like she's just desperate. Or maybe not, or maybe not. So later that afternoon, Lu was like, okay, you guys can all think I'm cuckoo nuts, bananas, but I'm not and I'm gonna prove it. All of you good for her? She's like, Nope. So she approached the girl, the little girl and just made small talk with her. And then right before Aaliyah was about to run off, Luz told her, oh, you have some gum in your hair. Like, let me help you with that. And while she removed the gum shut up, or like, while she pretended to, to remove the gum, she used it as an opportunity to get a hair sample that she could take to the police for DNA testing. When I said is a fucking yes icon, when I said baddest bitch in the game, I meant it loose.


I wanna like shake Lucy's hand. I wanna high five her shit loose. And she, that is genius level. She's so nonchalant about it too. Yeah. She told reporters later, because of tv, I knew they needed hair for the DNA Oh bitch. Like loose is top notch. She's like, I just notch tv. I learned some shit. That's elite. That's elite behavior. Loose. And and also that's elite behavior because you did nothing to scare this girl and that's a mama and nothing to inform her that her, you know, her anything was being called into question. Like that's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Truly unbelievable. Because your first instinct might be to just like, you know, you like again, you're traumatized, you're desperate to find your child.


Yeah. You would wanna run up to her and just be like, you are my baby. Like, you know, like, you with me. But this child clearly was gone barely a, a week after her birth. Whoever mother, quote unquote she thinks is her mother. That's the only mother she's known. That's the thing. She's six years old. She, her, she can's been raised, scare her for six years by Carolyn. Yeah. You can't scare her. You can't make her question her whole upbringing. You can't, you don't know what kind of life she's had. You don't know anything about that. So it's like, you can't just run up to her and be like, I think you're my kid. Course she's of course not. Like she's gonna be like, what? So doing that in such a way that is one brilliant and two totally nonchalant and not upsetting to that girl at all is like, mama, mama, shit.


Well done loose. So a few days after the party loose brought the Harris to her local Philadelphia police precinct to ask for help and they redirected her to a lab where she could actually get the DNA testing done. Hell yeah. According to the official story, remember Delimar vera had died in a tragic fire and police never believed she was kidnapped. So there was actually little they could have done to help her at the time. According to Representative Angel Cruz, who would eventually prove instrumental in solving this case, the language barrier between Lu who spoke very little English and law enforcement might have caused additional confusion and prevented faster action. I'm sure. So Lu had hoped to get the DNA test done to prove that Aaliyah was her daughter, but with limited English language skills, no information about how to access laboratory testing and of course little financial resources.


That kind of thing is so expensive. Yeah. The chances that she would get answers were pretty slim. But after hearing her story though, a neighbor suggested that loose seek help from representative Angel Cruz who represented the largely Latino Philadelphia neighborhood that Luce was living in at the time. Cruz said, I must admit, when Luce first came to me with this story, I had trouble believing her. But, but I mean it's it's it's an incredible story. It is, yeah. But something in the story struck him as being true. So he agreed to speak with law enforcement on her behalf and explained what she hadn told him. He was like, I, don dunno. Yeah. But I'll try. Hell yeah. Cruz. Now, when the fire first broke out in Pedro and Lu's home in 1997, her instinct was to run to the, the ro the the daughter's room and save her.


Yeah. It's worth noting she hadn been alerted to the danger because of the loud bang. Yeah. Not the fire itself, which hadn't broken out yet by the time she reached the room. Huh. And when she reached the crib, Delimar had already vanished and then the fire began. Yeah. That's the thing, like when I was first telling that story, you heard loud bang runs upstairs, sees that the crib is empty, and then the room starts filling with smoke and the fire breaks out. Yeah. I was wondering like, 'cause I'm like, what is this loud bang, like what happened here? Exactly. And you could assume like, oh, then wasn, the space heater exploding. That's when you said that. I was like, oh, that must've been it. But who knows? Maybe then wasn somebody opening the window maybe then wasn. Yeah. A ladder being thrown on the side of the house. Yeah.


don don't know. Yeah. So all that to say though, when loose reported to fire officials that her daughter was missing, she meant that the girl hadn't been in the house when the fire began. But as Angel Cruz pointed out, it's entirely possible that because of that language barrier, investigators just thought that she meant her daughter was trapped in the house during the fire. Absolutely. I could see that. Which you understand that Of course. Yeah. Any claims loose and Pedro made after the fire were just dismissed as those of grieving parents struggling to accept. Yeah. Just happened not being willing to, and also, when Loose initially took the lock of hair to the police, she brought it to the front desk of the precinct. 'cause how would she know to bring it I know what to do with it.


Yeah. But the receiving officer had no prior knowledge of the case and there wasn't any kind of translator there to help with the barrier, the language barrier. Oh man. So she wasn't able to really convey like how important this was. Yeah. Like this was huge. What the background here was. Yeah. So Oh, that's so frustrating. Yeah, it is. So to Angel Cruz who spoke fluent Spanish, the story, like we said, was equally unbelievable. And his instinct though was to respond exactly how law enforcement agents had over the years, but the fact that loose had never wavered in her, her belief. And she was so thoroughly convinced that the girl was, her daughter seemed good enough a reason to him to at least follow up. Yeah. So he contacted the police on her behalf and he was successfully able to convince them to follow up on this claim.


Another good, another goodie I know this is full. That's what I told you. It started off and you're like, what the fuck are you about to tell me? You're like, what is going on? But I'm like, no, it's a, it's a good story. Yeah. He like, I promise you, I promise you guys, this just keeps going up and up and up. It does. And it will. Yeah. So given the details of the crime and the ages of the alleged, or the age of the alleged victim, the case was handed over to Lieutenant Michael Boyle of Philadelphia Special Victims unit, an episode of SVU, if you will, in late February, detectives and agents from Child Protective Services went to Carolyn's home in New Jersey and explained the situation. Now, given that so much depended on the outcome of the DNA test, Aaliyah was actually removed from the home and temporarily placed in a foster care while investigators tried to untangle the details of the case.


Oh man. It's like, that's so sad. That's tough. And she's probably, remember, like we said, this is the only mom she's ever known. Yeah. She has no idea what's going on. And she's a little girl. She's probably like, what the f Like what is going on? Yeah. And it's like, and again, like this is, this is all because somebody stole her and it's like Lucy is just trying to get her back and obviously they have to go through the steps. Right. The proper steps to do. They can't just rip her out of a home and be like, well, she's yours and now, you know what I mean? Like, they could get in trouble for that. Understand that like, that's necessary. But like, man, this kid didn't ask for any of this. No. And she's and Poor Lu and Pedro didn't ask for any of this. Carolyn like just victimized everybody in family.


She she victimized that child. Yeah, exactly. It's like, that's up just to get something she wanted. Yeah.


Guys, let's face it, everybody has some bad habits that they wanna shake off. Maybe you're a nail biter, maybe you're just waking up late all the time. We've all got bad habits. And even though I'm not going around doing shady stuff, like some of the people that we talk about on this podcast, it's always a good idea to make a move towards good habits. Let me tell you about this new alternative to smoking and vaping called Flavored Air. Our sponsor Fume have created an award-winning flavored air device that helps people ditch that bad habit. then wasn founded on this idea that if we stick to good habits, making a change feels easier and less pressurized. Fume has lots of delicious flavors to choose from, like crisp mint, and orange vanilla. With flavored air, you can satisfy your oral fixation through a passive diffusion system that utilizes no electronics Vapor or combustion Fume is not a vape, it has no vapor. So you can use it anywhere. Fume has served over 300,000 customers and you can be the next success story. For a limited time, use my code Morbid. To get a free gift with your Journey pack head to try fume.com. That's try FU m.com and use code Morbid. Try FU m.com with code Morbid.


Shifting my wardrobe from summer to fall used to always be a challenge, but luckily it's not anymore because Quint offers timeless and high quality items that I absolutely adore, ensuring that my wardrobe stays fresh and I don't blow my budget. They literally have cashmere sweaters from $50 pants for every occasion washable silk tops, which if you have silk tops, you know that washable is always a little bit questionable, not with Quince. And they have so much more. The best part, all quince items are 50 to 80% less than similar brands by partnering directly with top factories. Quince cuts out the cost of the middleman and passes the savings onto us. How sweet and generous and also Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I love that. If you know anything about me, you know that I am a big believer in a capsule wardrobe and I would say 95% of my capsule wardrobe is quince pieces because they are timeless, they are high quality and they make me look cute as bleep. Make switching seasons of breeze with quince high quality closet essentials. Go to quince.com/ Morbid for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Morbid to get free shipping and 365 day returns quince.com/ Morbid.


So according to Carolyn, she hadn given birth to her daughter Aaliyah in December of 1997. No, you didn't. Right around the same time that Lu had her baby. Oh wow. In fact, other family members and her own boyfriend at the time remembered her being pregnant and coming home with a baby at the end of December. Despite the number of times that Pedro had voiced his suspicions, nobody ever thought to question Carolyn and her boyfriend's claims because Wow. Why would you Yeah. Ever be like, what would make you do it? You know, that's the thing. That's the thing. Now, after all, while newborn babies do get kidnapped, it's kind of a rare occurrence. Yeah. I mean, you're not, that's not the first thing You're thinking that these people staged a wild coup to steal your newborn.


And not only that, like I'm talking about like their own family. Few people would wanna believe their own relatives capable of this. No. Can you imagine thinking of that? No. Like in your own family? No. That somebody in your own family stole another person's baby in your own family. Absolutely. Not out of their crib after starting a fire in their house. It's so beyond. But this time through Lucy's insistence and the new hair evidence and pending DNA results, then wasn compelling enough that at least a few members of law enforcement were starting to really take this seriously. Hell yeah. Let's go everybody. At first everybody's like, yeah, we'll follow up, but like don don't know, then wasn then wasn a case of let's fucking go go.


And now it's like, let's fucking go. Exactly. So in late February, the results of the DNA test conducted on Aaliyah's hair came back and provided vital answers. The girl that Carolyn had been passing off as her daughter Aaliyah for the past six years. Nope. then wasn Della Marvea. Fuck Carolyn. Yeah. Fuck Carolyn. Well, what the fuck with the results in hand, Lieutenant Boyle and his partner returned to Carolyn's home in New Jersey to confront her. But by the time they got there, she hadn already fled, leaving her three other young children behind. Oh, it's on site with Carolyn all sight.


Like, fuck you Carolyn invest. What an asshole. That's the thing. It's like she's just out for her and hers. You're evil. Not even hers because she's, you stole someone's newborn. You fucking asshole You. And then still you abandon your three other children to flee law enforcement after you got caught. It's, I it's fuck you to steal any newborn. Like don't keep it that weird to steal a newborn child from your family. It's what like I know, you I know you married into this family, but that's your family. Like who the fuck are you Carolyn? I hope, I hope. I hope we see, see something for Carolyn at the end of this. Well, investigators, now that she was on the run, theorize that certain she'd been found out Anna would be arrested.


She chose to become a fugitive rather than face the consequences. Oh, you mean coward. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Because the, I mean everything more or less confirmed her guilt in the eyes of detectives. Of course DNA just proved it. Yeah. You stole a baby. So in a statement to the press, a law enforcement official stated their belief that on the night of December 15th, 1997, Caroline started the fire and kidnapped El Lamar, whom she passed off as her own daughter. Wow. And when they realized that she hadn fled multiple arrest warrants were issued for charges including arson, kidnapping, and concealing the whereabouts of a child. So she was facing like serious, serious charges here. Yeah. Not, not just kidnapping, like that's a serious charge in and of itself, but arson, arson and concealing the whereabouts of a child.


Yeah. Like, did you not think about this? Yeah, she did. I don't know. Yeah. She didn't care despite the circumstances though, Luce couldn't help but feel joy that her daughter Yeah. Wasn't only alive, but would also be reunited with her in the days to come. Yeah. Boyle told reporters, she sat there and shook and cried and kept saying, thank you, thank you, thank you. But this is gonna be tough. Absolutely. This is not, this kid is six years old. That's the thing. On the other not so bright side of things, this was just the beginning of a slow, and like you said, very difficult process facing everybody involved. Most importantly, Aaliyah or really Delimar had only ever known Carolyn to be your mother, like we've said. And she was now being told that not only was Carolyn not her mother, but Carolyn was her kidnapper who had stolen her from her actual mother just days after her birth.


A concept that no fucking 6-year-old would ever be able to wrap their head around. You can't even imagine a grown adult finding that out. No. A teenager finding that out. How do you, how do you explain that to a 6-year-old? Like without creating, like, first of all, creating so many new fears Yeah. That they were kidnapped out of their crib, disillusioning their entire world like that just, yeah. That's a glass shatter on your entire world. And now you have to reform that bond right. With that child. Like you're gonna have a natural, something's there. 'cause obviously you knew then wasn your child. Right? Like your bond is strong. It's in there, but she's like, she's probably gonna miss Carolyn and like feel that kind of weird.


She's, but there's so many layers that you could point out here. I just feel so bad for, I feel so bad for, for because she, she goes by Aaliyah, so she ends up going by Aaliyah because that's what she's been known as her whole life. That makes sense. It's, and also like how, like that's a pretty big thing of loose and Pedro to do to be like, you know what, we'll keep your name Aaliya. Well that's like your kidnapper named you that. Yeah. But that's all you know, and we're not gonna, and we're not gonna change your name. Like Yeah. You know what I mean? That's huge. I wouldn't even change like a puppy's name too, too far into, you know what I mean? Like, and it's like, like that, that's the, and and also like you said, your kidnapper named you that. Right. And also it's like I named you something.


Yeah. Like you were, you know what I mean? Like, I named you Delimar, like then wasn the name I chose for you. It's almost like a, and now I, I can't call you that. It's like a different thing to grieve. Yeah. Like luckily your, your child is still alive and healthy and you get about, but you're reading that identity that you created for them Exactly. When they were born. Exactly. So that's a lot on everybody. Yeah. And the other thing was further complicating matters, which were already insanely complicated. Like we're pointing out now loose spoke very little English and Aaliyah spoke no Spanish. Oh. So their ability to communicate with each other at least initially required a translator and the services of a professional social worker.


Wow. So it's all very like, I'm sure they did their best to make it like not as clinical as to be but tough. But still that's like not a setting any 6-year-old is gonna be super open in, so Carolyn did all this and also took her out of her culture. Yep. And didn't teach her the language that she would've been taught. Yep. Wow. Yep. Wow. Carolyn. Wow. Wow. Unreal. Now, shortly after the discovery of all this Carolyn accompanied by her attorney turned herself into the authorities in Philadelphia. Good. As you should. The arrest was welcome news to loosen her family. And Pedro, she told her reporter if she was so evil then and started a fire, she could do that now with the kids inside.


Yes. Absolutely. That's the other thing. She could have killed her other two children with that fire. Abso didn't fucking exact. That's exactly what I was just gonna say. She didn't give a shit. And also she abandoned her other kids to run away from this. Yeah, exactly. Fuck her. No detectives in Philadelphia were equally pleased with Carolyn's surrender with Captain John Darby saying, we are pleased that this phase of a complex, protracted and emotionally charged investigate investigation has been completed with the subject's arrest in this short time. Me too. Same. Well now while the arrest appeared to be the beginning of the end of the police involvement in the case, it also raised just as many questions as it answered. Yeah. Because to those who knew her, the arrest and allegations of a kidnapping seemed 100% impossible ever.


And Vera Pedro's sister said the rest of the family wasn't surprised when Carolyn showed up with a baby in December because they had all believed that she hadn been pregnant. Wow. In fact, in early January, 1998, a few weeks after the fire, she went to the police station in New Jersey in Willingboro and reported that she hadn given birth at home, a bizarre incident they now believe was intended to cover her tracks. Should there be any suspicion. Holy shit. Because obviously she hadn't given birth anywhere this child, like she's not, there's no records of her having given birth in a hospital. So she was like, oh, I have to do like she researched this somehow or like Yeah. She figured out Connie, she hadn to go report this, that she quote unquote gave birth at home so that there would be record of it.


And also Damn, that's cunning as fuck. That's the thing. It's, that's really fucked up. And the fact that everybody believed she was pregnant. Yeah. Like she hadn to have been showing. Yeah. So it's like, what Hello is going on here. No, when it came to Aaliyah, there was some tension between the two of them, but for the most part, everybody remembered that Carolyn doted on the girl. Evelyn Vera said she treated that little girl better than her three other kids. That's fucked. Which up? That's also fucked up. I'm glad she treated her well, but I'm sorry for those other three children. Yeah. Aaliyah was in enrolled in private school and although she was just six years old, she hadn already begun a modeling career appearing in television and print ads, which also you're just flaunting her.


You know what it, like, there's so many layers there that I'm like this psychology, but in this, I'm not saying anything about like kids modeling. I'm saying Yeah. In this specific case you kidnapped this child and now she's appearing in television ads. Yeah. And you're like, oh, like that's my baby. Yeah. The fucking pathology and the psychology behind that you could spend years studying. Yep. What? And it's like, that's definitely you just living through this child and wanting to get the like pats on the back for like, look at my pretty little girl and modeling ad and just like dangling her in front of the people who are like her family. Pretty sure that's my kid. Yeah. Like that's the, that's the aspect that I'm looking at.


Like, what the fuck? When they said she's evil, they're 100% correct. This woman is evil. Like that's diabolical. Yeah. No. What made the story even stranger was that there were many members of the Vera family who not only knew of Pedro and Lu's belief that their daughter was still alive, but several of them, like a lot of people didn't believe it, but several family, family members did believe that Carolyn's daughter was actually Delimar. Wow. Jose Vera said, we told my cousin page about it, but nothing ever happened. Nothing was done. don don't know why. 'cause what do you do? And it's because they did report certain things. They tried to the police, but the police were like, we don't have any fucking evidence of that. Yeah. They were like, that's crazy. And there was language barriers. Yeah. There was so many things. It doesn't seem like then wasn like top of the to-do list for the police at the time.


No, it don't even seem that way until loose came in there with the hair. Yeah. My girl loose. And then Cruz was like, I'll take care of this. Exactly. Now even Carolyn's boyfriend at the time was actually suspicious of her story. In 1999, he confronted Carolyn about his suspicions and demanded to take a, a paternity test to prove whether the child was his or not. And at that point she broke up with him and never had any contact with him after that. You wish that he and I understand like it's, this is, you know, a position none of us can imagine being in. But I wish that he, once she hadn broken up with him, he had gone to police and been like, I think this kid was stolen.


Yeah. I think this kid was kidnapped. I don't think this kid is hers. But again, I can't imagine being in his position thinking that of your I know of your significant other. And honestly he might've, I didn't, I didn't come across that. But like Pedro and Luce had gone to the police with suspicions. Yeah. And s honestly, if that guy did too, then like kudos to him. Yeah. And I'm sorry it didn't work out, but like I know, but even if he didn't, I'm like, I can't imagine that position. So, but you just wish, like thinking back because also you probably, like, if you're having those suspicions and, and then she breaks up with you all of a sudden it pretty much confirms it. But then you must sit there with your own thoughts and say, no, I'm insane. Yeah. Like there's no way. And I'm claiming this kid is not mine. Like that's, why am I thinking that that's, you know, like Yeah, there's a lot of layers.


A lot guilt. Right. And having truly believed Carolyn to have been pregnant at the time, the breakup also left him with troubling unanswered questions. He said, my question is, where's the child she and I had together? Yeah. It's a traumatic experience. Oh, I can't imagine. Because he thought she hadn been pregnant with his baby and then she's got this child and he's like, I don't think this is our child. And she's like, well fuck you. And just breaks up with him and cuts off contact. It's like, because now he's probably thinking like, is that my child? Right. And I can't see them now. Like, what the fuck? And now I'm feeling some layer of guilt. 'cause like I question, but I don, I still believe that's my kid. Like what happened to my child that I thought you were pregnant with? It's wild. This woman fucked so many people up.


She did. And it's a whole family. Ooh, Weirdos.


We cover some spooky stories, but nothing is scarier than the thought of hens being trapped in cages. I hate that thought. But listen at Happy Egg, all of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the absolute best. They're cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across more than eight acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious speed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. All of this results in eggs with the plumps oranges, yolks that are full of flavor. I love these eggs so much that if I wasn't married, I would marry these eggs. I want to eat them every day of my life. Please send me more. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy. Go to Happy Egg dot com slash Morbid to get $2 off your next carton of happy eggs. Please send me more.


If some members of the family were stunned by the revelation that Aaliyah was Delimar, there were others who were less surprised by the news. After all. This actually wasn't the first time Carolyn had been in trouble with the law. I'm shocked. Or the first time she'd made up a wild story to explain away someone's suspicions. In 1996, she hadn actually been arrested and charged with starting a fire at a New Jersey medical office where she'd been working as a billing clerk. According to police. Carolyn had been stealing business checks and cashing them. But when she believed her boss had caught on to what she was doing, she quote, tried to destroy evidence by setting fire to the office. Wow. Carolyn once a arsonist, always a arsonist. Wow.


Yeah. Also, there were people still inside the building at the time. She set the fire. Oh this, she doesn't care about human killing people life at at all. Like she doesn't care. No. As long as she's getting what she wants out of it. Like she, it's pure luck that she hasn't Yeah. That I've heard from you yet. Carolyn's out for Carolyn and Carolyn only. Yeah, she doesn't give a shit. But because there was people in the building at the time, she set the fire, she was charged with aggravated arson as she should be in addition to the fraud and theft charges. But she agreed to plead guilty to a third degree charge in exchange for probation and community service. I'm sorry. If someone tries to burn down a building with people inside of it, that's attempted murder also.


Let me tell you, if I was in that motherfucking office, yeah. At the time that she hadn set it a blaze and I found out that she got probation and community service, I would be through the fucking, that's wild's. I'd be calling everybody. That seems really wild to me. Like that's not enough. And also, but wait, there's more. That's what this story should be. Title. But wait, there's more then wasn also not the only time Carolyn had claimed to be pregnant when she wasn't. Oh, you don't say in 2000 while working at a drug store, she told multiple coworkers that she was pregnant even though she never showed any physical signs of being pregnant that fall. She took maternity leave and when she returned to work and trigger warning, she says something terrible.


She claimed that the baby was stillborn. Oh. And even went so far as to show several of her coworkers a photograph of a dead newborn. I don't even know how to respond to that. Her boss said then wasn kind of gruesome. I really didn't know what to say to her. Carolyn. She didn't have a stillborn Carolyn. Carolyn is one of the grossest people I've heard of. Like that's she's gross. Unreal. That's unbelievable. This case. I'm obviously, whenever a child that is presumed to have been missing for many, many years is recovered, it's remarkable. But in this case, the most unbelievable part of it probably was Carolyn's version of events that led to her taking on the role of Aaliyah's mother.


According to her, she did go to Pedro and Lu's home, On December 15th, 1997. But she didn't kidnap Delimar. She said Pedro handed the girl over for a few inexplicable reasons and she never had any idea why he did that. And a 2005 interview she said, I've thought about it. Why didn't I question it? Yeah. But it made my emptiness go away. So she just never questioned his actions. And you know that that baby had a mother that you were sitting talking to downstairs and it filled your emptiness though, to steal her newborn. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Definitely. Okay, that makes sense. That makes it fine also. That just doesn't make any sense.


Yeah, whatsoever. It's fine. It's fine. If her story seemed entirely implausible, it only got stranger from there. She also claimed that Lu had not only known the truth about her daughter all along, but actually she hadn been there when Pedro handed the baby over after the fire broke out. Nope. And as evidence that she was telling the truth, she pointed to the number of times that Pedro had visited her at her and her family at their home in New Jersey, including one occasion when he, she said he was accompanied by Lu. She said, why is it that Pedro was not arrested? I didn't do this by myself, and he gave me the child. Why didn't he get the kid before? If he would've come to me and got her, it wouldn't hurt me as bad as it's hurting me.


Now here's the thing too. The statement that she just made that says, why didn't he get the kid before? Yeah. You don't love that kid. No, the kid, you don't refer to your kid as the kid. Why didn't he get the kid? I've never referred to my kid. Like, why, why didn't you go get that the kid over there? It's like, what? Like no, I don't believe shit. All that you're saying, like we said, Carolyn's out for Carolyn. Yeah. While authorities never believed that Pedro Vera was involved in his daughter's kidnapping, the charges against Carolyn did allege that she hadn not acted alone. Yeah. But the documents only named an unnamed conspirator and no additional arrests were ever made. That's horrifying But there, because that's what I'm wondering.


She was downstairs distracting. Loose. Loose. Exactly. Somebody came in that room and stole that child for her. Exactly. Like she was involved, obviously, but like she didn't do the act herself. Right. Like I'm sure she came else the plan kind of thing. But the fuck was that? Isn't that interesting that it's, yeah. The, the person is only named, is only like referred to as an unnamed conspirator because it's like, who is this person that would go into a nursery and steal a newborn out of a window? Also, they had to have a really compelling story to, to be unnamed in all of this. No, that's wild. Yeah, it's weird. But in 2005, Pedro's lawyer, Mike Luber told reporters this woman who is obviously a pathological, this is a woman who is obviously a pathological liar.


She has significant mental problems. Two of the psychiatrists have said she's mentally imbalanced and she obviously will say anything to do anything to avoid the music, so to speak. Yeah. She abandoned her children too. He said The one thing she hasn't said is the truth. Who the real conspirator is. That's so weird. Isn't that weird? That's so weird. And I just, there's not enough information about the case to to point fingers. Yeah. I know. And obviously I'm not gonna point fingers. Yeah. You're not gonna speculate, but like, I wish I could speculate on my own. Yeah. But there's not enough. There's just not enough for her part. Carolyn has always stuck to her story and maintained her, maintained her innocence. She said, I feel it's unfair. I raised her for six years and instead of saying, I want my child back saying, this woman kidnapped my kid.


Well, I didn't. I'm That's Carolyn. Yeah. Who's saying it's unfair? I raised her instead of saying, I want my child back saying, this woman kidnapped my kid. 'cause she's saying, they should have said like, I want my kid back. 'cause I I gave it to, I gave my kid to you voluntarily and now I want it back. Wow. And she's like, instead they're saying, I kidnapped this child or this kid. This kid. Yeah. Instead, she believes, once Pedro learned that she hadn lost her baby in December of 1997, he decided to hand his own child over to her. don don't know about that. According to the Philadelphia, Daily News, her medical records actually show no sign of her having been pregnant at the time or giving birth to a stillborn baby, as she claims.


Shocking. But she has stuck to that story when in all reality records indicate that she actually had a tubal ligation in 1990. Wow. So, like, I don't, don don't know a lot about that surgery. I don't know if it's reversible, but I know, even when people do try to get like their tubes untied, it, it depletes your chances of getting pregnant. It can be reversed by another operation. Only about 50 to 80% of women are able to become pregnant after having their fallopian tubes reattached. That's what I figured. Like I know some, like a surgeries like that claim to be reversible, but a lot of them, it's a lower chance. It's a much lower chance. So who's to say?


Yeah, but in her version of events, Carolyn went to the house that day to give Pedro a ride to a friend's house to buy drugs. She said meanwhile, like they were like, no, she showed up asking to for him, for her breaks car to be fixed. But she said after she dropped him off, she returned to loose at the house just before the fire started. Once the fire started, she helped loose get all the three other, get all the other children outta the house before returning to the friend's house to pick up Pedro and tell him what happened. But that couldn't have been true because first responders at the scene told Pedro what happened when he got back. Yeah. She alleged all the way back to the house. He said, it's my fault. I cut the wires and the heater and did something. And when they got near the house, she claims he asked her to drop him about a block away from the house.


And a few minutes later he returned to the car and handed her the baby. What? So he got the baby outta the fire that I'm like, what do you what? Like that doesn't make any sense whatsoever. No, no. The, the fire started. So you drove him to his friend's house to quote unquote buy drugs. Then you went back to Luc's house and then the fire happened and nobody knew where the baby was and the baby was already missing from her crib. And then you left to go get Pedro. And then Pedro said, oh no, that's my fault. Thank you for helping my family out of the fire. Here's my baby who I found after the fire.


What the weird, even though no firefighters could find this baby, that weird story baby. Weird. I've ever heard. What? Anyway, she continued, I took her home, laid down next to her and played, played with her. From then on, she was mine. And no one questioned it except multiple people for six entire years. What the fuck? No one questioned it, baby. What the fuck are you talking about? It's documented that people have questioned, it literally documented as the trial neared, Carolyn agreed to plead no contest to the charges. And in late September, 2005, she was sentenced to nine to 30 years in prison for the abduction. After the sentence was passed, she addressed the court saying, I truly believe I need counseling, your Honor. I want to apologize to the family and the court for all of this confusion, all of this confusion.


Like, Hey, I'm glad you're saying you need counseling. Yeah. 'cause like 10 outta 10 agree because Absolutely. Check out BetterHelp. Yeah. Confusion. You talked to a therapist about Yeah. Calling that confusion. 'cause don don't know about that. Yeah. But in response, judge, judge Pamela Deby called Carolyn's remarks breathtakingly short of the mark. Yeah. And said, and what I'm hearing in your voice still is an angry desire to put a lot of their responsibility on someone else. I can't imagine letting another parent believe that their child had been burned to death. That's the other thing. It's like you didn't just kidnap this child and this child was like missing. Like they were just like, which it would be devastating enough Absolutely.


To think that somebody just kidnapped your child. They were led to believe that she burned to death in her crib to the point where there was literally nothing where there nothing there was left. Nothing for them to do a memorial. Nothing. Nothing. And they also remember, couldn't even have her legally declared dead. Yeah. So there was no headstone to visit. Nothing. Nothing. Wow. Nothing. In addition to the prison sentence, the judge ordered Carolyn to serve a five-year probation sentence and to never have contact with any of the victims ever again. Now, the process of restoring custody to of the child, to her parents, like we were saying earlier, was a very slow and very difficult one. A court awarded shared custody to both Luce and Pedro, but then wasn agreed that her primary residence would be with Lu and for the sake of their daughter, Pedro and Luce maintain a cord, a cordial relationship.


Good Pedro's lawyer said, this child already has a fragile psyche. If we get into custody and visitation battles, it's gonna get messy. then wasn really good of them though, to like put their own shit aside, which like I imagine is hard to do anyways in that scenario. Yeah, absolutely. And it's to make sure you're putting her in her wellbeing. Yeah. First. Absolutely. Finally, while they always referred to their daughter as Delimar, like I was saying earlier. Yeah. Both Lu and Pedro agreed to continue calling the girl Aaliyah so does not to disrupt or confuse her any further. Yeah. Because remember she was six years old when she was reunited with them. Yeah. Like six years she's been Aaliyah. And late March of 2004, less than a less than a month after Aaliyah was returned to them loose and Pedro sold the rights to their story for a movie and a book to the Larry A. Thompson organization, a company known for producing, made for TV movies.


And in 2008, if this entire thing has been sounding like a lifetime movie to you, it became one. It became one. Yeah. The Lifetime Network premiered little girl lost the Delimar Vera story and the family and Angel Cruz agreed. then wasn an accurate and respectful depiction of their story. Oh, that's good. So that's great. Yeah. In August, 2006, both parents, Pedro and Lu filed a civil suit against the City of Philadelphia, including the Philadelphia Fire Department. Wow. Alleging that several city and law enforcement officials had violated their quote, federal statutory right. Under the National Child Search Assistance Act of 1990 and their 14th amendment. Right. By failing to conduct a proper search for Delimar. I understand that during and after the fire, the court was sympathetic to the complaints lodged by Lu and Pedro, but ultimately it dismissed the complaint.


Ah. Writing after much analysis with and with considerable appreciation for the professional skills of several of the counsel involved in this wrenching case that has no doubt caused many heads to shake and wonder at its occurrence. And many sympathetic helping hands to be extended to the people involved for the reasons discussed below the motions to dismiss the complaint will be granted. So they did so with sympathy, which was nice. Yeah. Like they didn't just say like, fuck that. And I, I, I think it would've been like difficult to go through more court proceedings. It must be hard to prove all of that. So it's probably a good thing. Exactly. So you hope that now they're all just living peacefully and that, my goodness, I hope so. Everything is going well for all of them and that Yeah.


They wake up on the right side of the bed every day. I hope so. Like I, I want all good things for this family, honestly. 'cause it's like you've been through enough. That's the thing like damn. Absolutely. Bonker story and the, I mean, there's pictures of them now together and everything and they look so happy. Yeah. And adorable. And that makes you so happy. That's awesome. What a wild story though. My goodness. I was just looking goodness. Looking for true crime stories that weren't like, you know, like the typical kind of thing. Yeah. And this one had a happy ending and that made me happy. Wow. Yeah. That's Wow. then wasn a wild story that I've not heard of Chris Kray, which is crazy.


I never heard it before I started looking up. Yeah. I think I, I think I literally wrote true crime stories with a happy ending. Yeah, I love that. Because you're just like, I just want one. I just needed one. I would like one now. So yeah. Wow. That is one of the craziest cases I think we've ever covered. Truly. And I'm happy that I had a happy ending. So that family, I hope it guys enjoyed it. I hope they're thriving. I hope they're thriving. They look like they are. Yeah. They look so happy. Yeah. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you ever kidnap a baby out of their crib and lie about it. 'cause don't listen to the show. If you do that. Don't. And just don't do that. Don't do that. Bye.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


She struck him with her motor vehicle. she hadn been under the influence that she left him there In January, 2022. Local woman, Karen Reed, was implicated in the mysterious death of her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. then wasn alleged that after an innocent night out for drinks with friends, Karen and John got into a lover's quarrel and route to the next location. What happens next? Depends on who you ask. Was it a crime of passion? If you believe the prosecution, it's because the evidence was so compelling and this was clearly an, you know, an intentional act and his cause of death was blunt force trauma with hypothermia Or a corrupt police coverup If you believe the defense theory. However, this was all a coverup to prevent one of their own from going down. Everyone had an opinion, and after the 10 week trial, the jury could not come to a unanimous decision To end in a mistrial. It's just a confirmation of just how complicated this case is. Law and crime presents the most in-depth analysis to date of the sensational case in Karen. You can listen to Karen exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.