
Hey weirdos. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad-free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us If you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW, or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee that at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at and t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. This is Morbid. And it's pot two of a Tata. Oh My God. And it's kind of Morbid in the morning. It is. That's why you might, you might hear sleep in our voices. I know. Honestly, probably not. I woke up with a fucking jolt this morning. Did you? Yeah, I just woke 'cause I woke up. I realized. Oh yeah. You were like, ah, Yeah, I was late. What else is new? But I made a good ass coffee. She did. She made a great ass coffee.


I wasn't sure if it was good. I thought my beans over extracted, but I, No, I think they extracted the correct amount. I Think they might've. Yeah. And then we had like fun girl talk this morning. We did. We lifted each other up. We did. It was women supporting women in the office this morning. We were Like, you're a badass bitch. Yeah. Tell yourself that every Day. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And and you know what? You guys out there a badass. You're all badass ass bitches, bitch. And you should tell yourselves that every Day. Yeah. And don't compare yourself to anybody else. No, don't. Because you can do that until the end of time. Yeah. And you'll always find someone that you're like, well, I didn't do this, and that person did that. Yeah. Okay. Do you Like you, you this? So Are you proud of your accomplishments? That's the thing. No, then that's the only thing that matters.


You like you, you do. You're Great. And If you don't like you, I'm sorry about that. And you gotta get to a place where you do like you first before you can do anything else. And this is not an ad. No, it's really not. It's just, It's just, it's just the vibes of 2025, especially with all the mayhem. We gotta fill Ours Surrounding us with fucking Elon Musk deciding that he's an elected official. Like go fuck. Fuck yourself. That's pretty wild. Yeah. So that with those vibes, you have to get to a place where you like yourself. Yes. Because it's not for any other reason. If not for any other reason, but because we gotta take care of that business truly. But yeah. So yeah, it's just important. And I want everybody to feel that way.


I'm not really, I think we've, like, this is the year of like social media just kind of being Crumbling. Not the thing, not not the vibe. You know what, you know what? I was listening. I'm not gonna get like everything completely correct because my memory is just a vast land, but a vast land of nothing. But I was listening to Elisa Kelly's podcast. I love her Horoscope podcast is so fucking good. And she was talking about, it was like at the beginning of 2025, I think it might've even been before 25. 2025. It was like, here's what how I think it's gonna go. Basically. Yeah. And it's, I think like when from when social media started, we've done like a full circle, basically. Like a full rotation. Oh, Absolutely.


So it's almost being flipped on its head now. Yeah. So there's going to be these like massive shifts in social media, which could be them crumbling. Yeah. Which it does kind of feel like, and I'm not mad about it. Like that's the thing. Like have been off of Instagram for probably two, three weeks now. I am like, my insides feel better. Yeah. Genuinely. That's The thing. Like there was no, there was no like inciting incident. No. That, that really did this. Like really like truly there was no inciting incident. Like there's always like, there's always shit heads in the comments everywhere. Like Yeah. In every comment section. And it wasn't even that. It was honestly just like, yeah.


For honestly, mine citing incident was like my account following somebody that I didn't follow, which I think we all know who that Is. Yes. That happened to mine too. Don't support that orange man. But I was like, Hmm, I'm not gonna stick around for this when like, my account's being manipulated. Yeah. And like, just see, you know, I follow like a lot of like news outlets and that kind of thing. And I think it's good to have information for sure. But I think there we are living in an age where there's too much fucking information, there's too much misinformation. Yep. And If you have any kind of anxiety at all, it will eat you Alive. It will. And it's like, and please know that. Yeah. Like, I know it's hard and it's a very hard line. And we're not gonna go too far into the story. Of course.


We're gonna get into that, that case. But Sometimes it feels good just to like, you know, Have a chat. You know, you guys are like our, our broey very besties. So we wanna talk to you about it. Yeah. It's important. And we care about your mental health. We do. 'cause you guys are a fucking rad ass community of, of awesome bitches. And we want that part you to be. Okay. So it does. But it's a, it's a, it's a hard line to straddle to be informed but not be bombarded. Yes. There's a And it's like, yes. That is a perfect way to say it. It's A very fine line. And it is. I don't know if I have fully comprehended that line yet. It's hard. It's very hard because of course you want to be informed, But you don't wanna be over informed to the point where you're, you can't think of anything else or appreciate any kind of happiness in your own life, or, Well, there's never been a day and age where you have a fucking thing in your hand 24 7.


Yep. That you can constantly be connected and constantly know what's going on. Like that is not, is fucked up how we're meant to live. It is pretty fucked Up when you think about it. Yeah. And the, the internet and like social media can be this beautiful place Where Yeah. Connecting amazing people can connect and like, And I do miss connecting to you guys. That's The thing. Like there's Reading your Message, like, I'm like, I love connecting to people. But then it's like, but then it's also in, you know, the human species of is an onion of that that has some rotten layers to it. And it's like, and no matter what Onions, It's onion with a lot of rotten layers. But there's some great layers. Yeah. Some flavorful layers that will delicious Layers. It'll make you soup.


Delicious. You know what it is? They're shallots and there's onions. Exactly. There you go. I prefer shallots. I love a shallot. Yeah. Jean shallot. Jean shallot. I love shallots. I love a legume. Oh Yeah. Speaking of that, let's take a, let's take a quick little, little veer. Are we nothing's better than fucking Pearl cousco with shallots. Yeah. And veggie broth. Yes. And Some herbs on It. I like the idea of that. But I want chicken broth. The veggie broth gives it some kinda, One thing about me, Some kind of something I fucking hate veggie broth. Really? When I tried my hand at vegetarianism is, that's what it's called.


Vegetarianism. Blah, blah, blah. I, I went like hard and fast with the veggie broth and I think now you Overdid it. Yeah. It's, it's not for me. So I always do cha I get that. I always do. I always do bone broth. There you go. All right. Well there's, there's our little tip. Yeah. For, for a new you. Yeah. Pearl couscous though. Oh. You know, drew doesn't like the pearled couscous, he likes the regular couscous. I Like both. So I made the Pearl couscous and he's like, what's this one? I'm like, it's just bigger. A bigger version. It's just bigger green. It's just pearls. He's like, I don't like it. Drew, you're strange Drew. I love that band. Well, you know what, we're, we're All over the place. We're Everywhere. And we have some really awesome things coming up that we can't talk to you about yet.


But, but bitches, you're gonna know when They hit. I feel like after they're hitting soon, I feel like after this case, there's probably only like one or two episodes before we can, Before it's like, Before it hits you in the face Before it's gonna smack you in the face. So don't worry, it's, you're not gonna be waiting months for this or Anything like that. No, we wouldn't tease. Like, no. And, and we feel annoying, but like, we genuinely just cannot say. But we're so fucking excited because two of these things are happening like Pretty much Back to back in real time for us next week. And then they'll be coming out to you in a like a couple weeks, weeks After that. Who knows? 38 days later. I think, you know, someday We'll know, you know how it goes. But we know that like, you know, and we know that can be annoying to be like, something's happening, but I, it's coming and you're gonna love it.


And my God, I'm so excited about It. It's so exciting because also like the, it, there's, it's such a variety with these two things. It's such a variety. If it's gonna fill your cup like In so many different Ways Yeah. In different ways. And the vibes are gonna be fucking immaculate. Chef's kiss Fucking immaculate. So just keep an eye out for that. Yeah. I promise you. You'll know It's gonna literally punch you in the jaw when it happens. Yeah. So We'll say it in the intro too, like to, you know, whatever we end up up Talking about. So you know, I mean, you're gonna know. You'll know just by the title of everything. Y baby ick Yik. Alright, Well we chatted. So We chatted. This was a good chat guys. Remember the moral of the story, just like make sure you like yourself.


Yeah. It's really hard. I get that. Yeah. Took me a long time. Oh. But I'm still took me past working on that. I'm to 30 to really get to the place. That's What everybody says. It Was really past 30 that I got to the place where I was like, no bitch. I, I'm me and I like me and I'm, yeah. And that's okay. I'm nearing it. And I hope you are too. I hope you are too. Listen, If you need help, we'll just keep telling you to do it. Don't worry. Exactly. Just think of, think of me patting you on the back and being like, you're fucking great bitch. Sometimes she genuinely actually does that to me. It's great. It's great. So, oh, I guess we have to keep talking about this horrific case. I know. Which is very fascinating and one that needs to be talked about because it is technically still unsolved.


We're talking about. Is it, I know we're talking about The Black Dahlia case, the murder of Elizabeth Short. One thing I find interesting with this case is that the general consensus of the whole thing was like she was, she was going out to Hollywood to become a star and blah, blah, blah. And that was her only like, but in reality it's like, yeah, she was, you know, she wanted to be an actress, all that good stuff. Yeah. But people make it seem like she was That's it and that was all that was and blah, blah. It's like, no, she literally was just looking for a new start. Yeah. In general. Like, she was genuinely looking to just start a new, and obviously she had dreams of like, you know, being an actress and all that And she was doing extra work and all that modeling.


Yeah. But I think like that emphasis gets put too much on that. Not enough on like, she was really going through a lot of shit. Yeah. And she really just was looking for a place where she felt like she belonged. I think that happens a lot with these kind of stories. Like the kind of stories where like a young girl goes out to Hollywood Yeah. And she wants to be an actress, but it's like, that's never the only thing going on in somebody's life. Exactly. And in fact, usually when a young girl is escaping to California to Hollywood, it's for a whole bunch of other reasons. Yeah. There's a myriad of reasons that are coming with it. Yeah. And on top of it, she needed that weather was her, that climate was her ideal climate. Yeah. Like healthwise 'cause of her lungs. Right. So it's like, there was many layers to this, and I just think they don't get, it doesn't get talked about enough when it like gets brought up.


I agree. I see what you Mean. It just hits on like the, she wanted to be a star and it's like, yeah, she did. It's Like, that's an overarching She wanted to breathe too. Like that was part of it. She Thought about her, she thought it was pretty sick to have full lung capacity. Yeah, It was, it was pretty awesome. So when we last talked about this case, we were talking about, you know, several of the suspects that seemed like good suspects and then would kind of fall apart at the seam. Robert Manley was like a really big suspect. And he was the one, he was the red-haired man, no soul. That was, you know, testing whether he loved his wife. Yeah. That whole thing. Yeah. Remember that guy? He, he looked like a good suspect, but he was also very forthcoming with the information.


He never really, he never pushed away the investigators or tried to his, his story stayed consistent. Right. He just, he took a polygraph but fell asleep, you know, You know, as one does, You know Sleepy's gonna sleep. Yeah. I don't know. But he was released from custody. Okay. So, because, because we did also find out that two people who said they saw him with her And one said like literally backed off. Well, and they literally were like, yeah. Like she said her name. Yeah. This, And then it ended up, no, she didn't. Not being that at all. Yeah. So fake at this point. They were looking only into her love life as a source of where this could be coming from, this Killer. And they were now realizing, you know what, the boyfriend angle might not be a good angle, not panning out.


Maybe we gotta start like widening our net here. So with their best lead, the red-haired man having turned out to be a dead end investigators on one of the nation's now most closely watched news stories found themselves in a bad place, which is desperate. Mm. That's not where we wanna find our investigators on a case like this. No. Because that's when things get messy. Yeah. Yeah. So Detective Harry Hansen told reporters on January 23rd we're right back where we started, which is also not a good place to be. Nearly 200 officers fanned out across the city looking for new clues. Many following up on a lot of false confessions that were happening as well.


That was like a wave. That's such a weird Yeah. Thing. The amount of men that came forward to be like me, I did it. It's like, I feel like Back then too. Yeah. I'm like, were you all just bored? Like, what is going on here? Yeah. What is the pathology there that makes somebody do that? The pipeline from boredom to false confession. Yeah. Like what is that? But they would be, you know, following up on these many false confessions, just, you know, wasting their time and resources. But they had to, they don't know which one is false and which isn't. Or they were conducting house to house searches in hopes of finding any new witnesses. So they really were going hard. Yeah. Meanwhile, the coroner's inquest confirmed the details of the murder, but offered really little else in a way of answers.


Especially when it came to the gap in time between her disappearance on January 9th and her murder. Right. That was the hard thing to pinpoint. Investigators finally caught a lucky break on January 25th when a postal clerk spotted a package addressed simply to Los Angeles newspapers. And he looked at it and he said, huh, That's weird. That's weird. That's Suspicious. Suspicious. So he immediately turned it over to the police and inside detectives found Elizabeth's birth certificate. What her address book a baggage check ticket and other personal papers that belonged to her.


Yeah, of course. As well as a note from the sender. And in the note was in letters cut from magazines and newspapers, like the classic ransom note. Oh, I hate that. And the letter re wrote, here is dahlia's belongings letter to follow. Oh, that's fucking Haunting. Yeah. Like that. And they were really her her things. So this was absolutely from the Killer. Yeah. Now, during his interview with detectives, Robert Manley claimed to have seen Elizabeth's address book into her purse when he dropped her at the Biltmore. So that was a big thing. That's huge. Yeah. Now we, we can at least follow that. And he'd seen the baggage check ticket from the Greyhound station. So given that detectives concluded that the sender of the package must have seen Elizabeth after she left the Biltmore and could possibly be her Killer, one detective told reporters, we have so many leads, we don't know which to choose first at this point.


Which is a good place to be. Yeah. But also a scary place to be. It's a good place. Yeah. But like a A hairy place. A hairy place. Exactly. Investigators theorized that the Killer sensing the case was going cold had done this, sent the materials to the press to keep his Tod Quote unquote work on the front page. Yeah. He saw that things were cooling off and they weren't getting anywhere. And he said, why don't I help you out? Yeah. Which is so scary. And very BTK, Very BTK. Very bk. He's like, what if I send you a floppy Disk? Exactly. Bk, they're like btk A floy before BTK. Yeah. Like this was, he probably looked at this and was like, there it is. Mm. And I do wonder if he looked at this and said, well, he never got caught. Yeah.


But he didn't put into any kind of thought that like technology had had grown. That was a big part of it. So, well, several detectives started running down the names in her address book. Other officers started combing area dumps looking for Elizabeth's missing clothes and purse. The day before the package was received, someone reported having seen a bag matching the description of her purse in a trash can on Crenshaw Boulevard. Not far from a lot where the body was actually discovered on January 26th, officers finally located the bag at the trash dump on East 26th Street, which is crazy. Found the bag. I Was gonna say, alongside one of the shoes Elizabeth had been wearing on the night she disappeared.


Oh wow. Both were positively identified by Robert Manley as belonging to Elizabeth That when you genuinely think of like the work that had to have gone into that, think of how big, like LA's a pretty big place. Look At any dump. Yeah. Tell me how hard that would be to find one bag, Just piles and piles of random shit. Yeah. Like you, that is, that really is like, That's detective work. Detective work Right there. Which all not as detective work, I would not want to have to Do. No, that's definitely not it. The bag was later identified by the cafe owner on Crenshaw Boulevard who'd initially reported it to police. Okay. So the cafe owner was like, yeah, that's the bag I saw. Yeah. Now, although there was still a possibility that the Killer had followed Elizabeth to Los Angeles from San Diego where she had been before.


Yep. The receipt of the package and the discovery of the purse strongly indicated that the Killer was local. Okay. Because he was sending it from a local place. He's still around, Makes seems like He's around. Makes sense. Detective Harry Fremont said, I'm still convinced the Killer is still in town and I'm almost certain it is who has mailed us Elizabeth Schwarz's belongings. Agreed. Which I think is pretty safe to say. I'm like, yeah, I'd say so. Having run down all the names in the address book now, investigators ruled out all the men in the book, which is wild. Yeah. And began hop hoping the sender would follow another letter just to kinda help them out at this point. Yeah. Because the note when you said one was to follow, I was gonna say the note did indicate that another one would come.


And at this point they're like, we kind of need the other one to come. Yeah. Unfortunately, the news of the package prompted another flood of new anonymous Correspondence, most of which were hoaxes because again, people are gonna people Yeah. Rotten, evil onions. It's not great. One letter read quote, A certain girl is going to get same as Es got if she squeals on us. Okay. Get It together, people get it. Hobby to fucking Together. Get A life And come on. Another letter said quote E short. Got it. Carol Marshall is next.


Okay. Okay. Other notes in the letter suggested the Killer was gonna give themselves up. One of them said quote Dahlia, Killer Cracking Wants Terms. That was a postcard from Pasadena. Fuck off. All of them were just bullshit. Yeah. Just people with absolutely no fucking lives. Yeah. But among all of these, there was one postcard written in plain block letters that caught investigators attention among all of them. Okay. It said, here it is. Unlike it said, turning in Wednesday, January 29th, 10:00 AM had my fun at police Black Dahlia Avenger. Hmm.


Unlike the other very obviously false claims, the postcard from the Black Dahlia Avenger seemed as though it could have come from the Killer because not only did it lack the grandiosity of the other ones, the the, the silliness and ridiculousness of the other ones, the investigators thought the phrase, here it is, was referencing the killer's earlier claim that a letter was going to follow the package, which makes sense. And the other Ones didn't say that. The other ones didn't. 'cause they didn't know that's what it said. Yep. But this one says here it's, here it Is. Yeah. And it was also just like, had fun fucking with you. Bye. But like, bye. Yeah. It wasn't really saying like, this person's next, or like, I'm gonna turn myself In soon. Or Yeah. Like something really stupid.


Yeah.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. We often hear about the red flags that we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for green flags and friends and partners, you know, the kind of people that show up for you? Have your back all the time. Check in on you when you're not feeling so great. If you're not sure what those green flags look like, therapy can help you identify them, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or you just wanna work on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. I love therapy. I feel like everybody can benefit from it, especially during hard times in your life. I love relying on therapy just for like an outsider's point of view on a situation that I'm going through. 'cause sometimes when you're in it, it's hard to see through the weeds. I think BetterHelp is such a good option for therapy because BetterHelp is fully online, which makes therapy affordable and convenient. And it serves over 5 million people worldwide. Discover your relationship. Green flags with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Morbid.


Every 26 seconds, a burglary takes place in the US according to FBI I data. That means by the time this podcast ends, dozens of homes will have been targeted. Protect your home before it's too late. With SimpliSafe proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps to stop threats before they even have the chance to break in. Personally, I love my SimpliSafe system. I love that. With the tap of a little app on my phone, I can check into every single part of my home where a camera is, I can see if the system is armed. If I'm laying in bed and I hear something funky, I can pull up the camera within like three seconds to reassure myself that everything is fine. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody has already broken in and that's too late. Simply safes to active guard. Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they even happen. There's no long-term contracts or cancellation fees and monitoring plans start affordably at around a dollar a day. Visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Just as the letter indicated, on Wednesday, January 29th, a man came forward to LAPD and confessed that he had killed Elizabeth Short. It was 33-year-old Daniel Vorhees. Hilarious last name. Yes. Truly Told detectives that he had met Elizabeth Short two weeks earlier in downtown Los Angeles, and quote, took her for a ride on a Wilshire Boulevard bus and he stopped short of providing any other details about the murder itself. Wait, so he just, he took her for a bus ride. Is that what you told? Yeah. He Said he took her for a ride on the bus. Is that a thing people did? I, who knows. Imagine a man on asking you on being like, do you wanna go on a Peter Pan with me?


Do You wanna go on a bus with me? What do you think of Greyhound? Yeah, I guess back then it was like you take a ride on, on the bus. That's adorable in a way. Yeah. Not in this scenario With, not with Mr. Voorhees. No, but according to Mr. Voorhees, the two first met in 1941 and he'd taken her on several dates before they lost touch. But when asked for more details about that meeting, he again refused to say anything else. But nevertheless, Voorhees insisted, quote, he's insisted I'm sick. I did kill Beth Short. Okay. And he was willing to sign any documents confessing to it. So Daniel Vorhees was booked into the county jail that evening on obviously suspicion of murder. There was going to be a polygraph exam planned for the following day because they wanted him to, they wanted to wait to have him recover from his quote, bewildered and befuddled state.


He was at the time of his arrest. Okay. Which tells you a little bit about what you need to know about like The state he was in. Yeah. And Like his frame of mind bewildered. Befuddled. I don't know about this. I don't know if I wanna believe a confession from somebody bewildered or befuddled. Exactly. And while this may have seemed at the time, it did seem at the time, a major break in the case. There were several things about his confession that made detectives, unfortunately a little skeptical. They didn't wanna be, but they were, yeah. In addition to his refusal to provide virtually any details about the murder or how he'd come to No short at all. Okay. Investigators also described his story as quote, generally incoherent.


Yeah. We're, we're teetering off the edge here, folks. Yeah. And it was also full of contradictions. Also, when they contacted police in Phoenix, LAPD detectives learned that Borhees had a long record of petty offenses. And at the time of his arrest, he was not really living anywhere and appeared very confused. He sounds, and apparently he was from Phoenix. That's, it sounds like he was very mentally ill. It sounds like he was going through it. Yeah, for sure. The next day, Voorhees changed his story. Okay. Telling detectives, he quote, might have killed short, but ca but he couldn't lead police to the scene of the murder. Okay. Didn't know where that was. Borges was held for a few more days while police looked further into his story.


But eventually it became very clear that this was a completely bullshit false confession. And he was let go Because this isn't the kind of thing. Again, I think we touched on it in the first part. Like somebody was like, you know, I forget what the, I think it was a newspaper article said something and it was like the Killer snapped and like they were in a crazy frame of mind. It's like, this isn't the kind of murder that you would just like snap and commit and be like, oh, I don't have any recollection of what happened. Yeah. It's like, like This was hours and hours, Hours long. Like she was tortured, she was bisected And she fought you off. She was, you drained Blood for hours. Right. That takes a while. Right. It's like there's No, at some point you would've come to and remember had some recollection of part of it.


Yeah. You don't commit that. Like whatever, whatever that bisection thing was called. Yep. And in, in a state of mind where you're not gonna remember doing It. Exactly. Exactly. Now, like their theory about a spurned lover, you know, an ex of some sort detectives had expressed a great deal of confidence that the letters from the Black Dahlia Avenger would lead them to Elizabeth Schwartz Killer. But after Daniel vor, he's confession turned out to be false. And the communication with the avenger stopped. They once again found themselves at a dead end. Yeah. After two weeks of intense investigation involving hundreds of LAPD officers, they had combed through all the leads and clues they had, and they had yet to find the murder weapon.


They didn't find the crime scene, they didn't find a single suspect that was even remotely viable at this point. The LA Times declared, it appeared almost certain the elusive Killer was a stranger to Ms. Short. And they wrote as even her closest associates gave, have given not the slightest inkling to police of the identity of the murderer. Chief of police, Jack Donahoe agreed. Telling reporters that most likely quote the black Dahlia's nemesis was a pickup whom she did not previously know in the earlier days of February, TIPS continued to come into the LAPD and each one they ran down. They didn't ignore any of them.


They didn't just assume they were stupid. They ran down and pursued all of them. Among them was a woman in Long Beach who claimed to have heard unearthly screams coming from a long, expensive car on the night Elizabeth disappeared. Did you call someone, call Anyone when that was going on? This informant told police she'd been waiting at a bus stop that evening when she saw a man quote holding a woman down in the rear seat of the car with a man and a woman on the front seat. And she didn't call anyone. Why are you waiting until now to say anything? Then? There was a tip from Elizabeth's friends where they were just trying to like Think Of anything.


They were trying to think of anything that could help. So they said she had recently quote plugged cavities in her teeth with wax from candies, which sent investigators back to potential witnesses to ask whether they'd seen anyone caring for their teeth in such a way. Wait, what? She would plug her the cavities in her teeth with wax candies. Yeah. And so they were saying like, did you see any, did you see her buying wax candies? Oh, did you see anybody? Because like, who knows? Did you see somebody like fiddling with their teeth, like with, you know, sticking something in their teeth. Okay. Like on a bus, anywhere. They're literally trying anything. Anything. Literally anything. Because these are like unique traits. Yeah. You'd remember that. That they're like, okay, maybe something, something We might be able to go somewhere with that.


Yeah. Like maybe that's something if somebody says like, oh, we, I did see a girl sitting there like sticking something in her tooth on the bus or something like that. Yeah. That can at least help them figure something out. Right. While most of the tips came from the Los Angeles area, they did receive calls and letters from other parts of the country too, which very unnecessarily taxed agency resources. Of course. It just made it even worse. In early February, for example, investigators received a call from officials at Fort Dix in New Jersey reporting that one of their soldiers, Joseph Dumas, had disclosed to army investigators that he'd been on a date with Elizabeth Short the night she disappeared. Now he's in New Jersey. Yeah. According to Demas, he had gone on a date with short on the evening of January 9th.


But quote, after the date, his mind went blank. And the next thing he remembered, he was in Pennsylvania station New York, Across the country from where she was. Yeah, totally. Fort Dix investigators analyzed the uniform. Dumas had been wearing that night and found what turned out to be bloodstains on one of the pockets of his pants. Creepy. Now, when they began digging into his background, investigators learned that the 29-year-old Soldier had been married three times. And on at least one occasion, he had been examined by a psychiatrist who recommended he be hospitalized for psychological reasons. Also, while Du May's claim to have been in Los Angeles the previous month, there was no record of him having traveled to California recently.


Yeah. It was eventually determined that he had nothing to do with Elizabeth's murder. He's just, and the bloodstains in his pockets could have quote, come from a bloody handkerchief. Oh, okay. But by then, investigators had already wasted several days and precious man hours in this completely false bullshit lead, Which is really fucking annoying. Yeah. As the first week of February came to an end, investigators had become so desperate for any new leads and eventually returned to what the press described as quite as quote, twice cold clues. So there was doubling back on things. Yeah. While some members of the team went back to old suspects and witnesses, hoping to find anything that could point them in a new direction. Several other detectives started following anything that even resembled a lead, no matter how insignificant, like the cavity thing.


Right. This included a report from a, a young woman in Culver City who told police she'd been waiting for a bus when a man in a 1940 sedan approached her. Isabel Foster said quote, the man asked me if I wanted a ride. I refused. He then took out a long butcher knife and ordered me into his car. Jesus. She started to panic and started to cry and the man told her shut up. Or he would give me what he gave The Black Dahlia. Okay. Which, like, here's the thing, I don't think he's out here. I I could be wrong 'cause he's a fucking asshole. Whoever did this. Yeah. So it's like whatever. It would be weird to me if he was just out on the street being like, shut up Earl.


Do to you. Like I did The Black Dahlia. Like, I don't think he's just gonna be like The Black Dahlia. Yeah. Like, I don't think I'm gonna be out. Like, I don't think he's gonna be running around saying it to everybody out on the streets. Maybe he's saying it to people in his life. Yeah, for sure. I could see this guy being an idiot. Yeah. And who we think it might be. I think he was talking about it with people in his life. I don't think he's had a random bus stop trying to kidnap somebody and being like, If you don't get in my car, I'm gonna do the same thing I did to The Black Dahlia to you. And it's also like, if I do get in your car, that's when you'll probably do it. So, and it's like, now this girl's gonna fight even more like you can, that Doesn't make sense. Make a lot of sense. Yeah. Reports like that of Daniel Vorhees, Joseph Dumas, Isabelle Foster's report of this man with the butcher knife and all the others, they didn't pan out and they were so common.


Yeah. They were just, they kept coming in from the moment the body was discovered, the front pages of every major newspaper in the LA area were dominated by the case of The Black Dahlia. So it just kept on coming. Such intense public interest drove equally intense press coverage and led to so many hoaxes, so many false confessions, tons of mistaken ident identities. Complete lies. Just people inserting themselves while these stories may have been, you know, great to read in the paper. Very interesting. And they honestly made the case very appear very complex and very fast paced and very like, dah dah, you know, we're running down leads and we're doing this. The truth was this whole thing was indicative of just how little information detectives had to work with.


Yep. And it soon became apparent to the press and the readers of these papers that the case was growing cold. Yeah. And because every time these things came out, it was like, no. Yep. And we don't have anything now, by the end of February, investigators were literally grasping at straws at this point, looking for any detail or any clue that could just give a little spark to this case. But they were coming up empty, which is crazy. It's with how this, how this woman and it kills me because they had clues at the crime scene. Yeah. That, and they failed to Get them footprint and tire tracks massive Clues. So to be honest, they fucked themselves from the beginning, from the job. It's real cool that they're running down leads now.


You fucked yourself over. You had clues, which I don't, I will never understand why they didn't photograph that. Yeah. That footprint and the, and the tire tracks. Yeah. Why would you not take photographs, take a mold of it. Like do whatever you can. Right. Like that's, And To let that crime scene become so contaminated And congested. I just, yeah. Yeah. I'm like, did kill they ever come out and say like, we didn't take the photograph because blah, blah, Blah. No, I think they just, things, it's the same thing as like it got lost and this is the like, they just don't explain it. Yeah. A few weeks later, investigators acknowledge that they had no leads and that this case was called, now the story of The Black Dahlia murder had dominated the papers for weeks with stories informed very heavily by people just theorizing and speculating and whatever bits of information the LAPD was willing to parcel out to the public, the latter of these included information about certain arrests and potential suspects who were inevitably and very quickly ruled out.


But behind the scenes there were other suspects whose names weren't immediately released to the press and who were considered way more seriously than the people they were releasing to the press. Yeah. Also, in the years since Elizabeth Schwarz's death, a large number, number of authors and journalists, they've published books and articles naming many suspects ranging from famous people like Orson Wells and Woody Guthrie, and even notorious gangster Bugsy Siegel. Damn. Like lots of people have been fingered for this. The suspect list contained more than 20 names, including many doctors. Yep. And a few women. Huh. Which I don't know if I, I just, the pathology of this one, I don't see it, but I could obviously be wrong.


Yeah. Well some of these theories have been very debunked over the years. Like very easily there remains a small list of names that many believe contains the killer's identity in There. This girl. I believe It. I definitely think so. So this one is interesting. So in John Gilmore's 1994 book, Severed The True Story of the Black Dahlia murder, the author strongly suspects Jack Anderson Wilson, AKA Arnold Smith as the Killer, based largely on circumstantial evidence, which is evidence. Yeah. No matter what, no matter what. And that's really all we got at this point. And he bases it on an interview he conducted with Wilson before his death in the interview, Wilson claimed to have been driven to kill by some supernatural force.


He told Gilmore he had to do that when the spirit overtook him. Wilson went on to hint at his participation in the murder saying quote, you understand the trouble I could get into because of what he did, if he could somehow make it seem like that he didn't do it. You know what I mean? It's like we're talking about litigation and that sort of thing. Everyone is entitled to go nuts. What? Everyone is entitled to go nuts. No. This is like that investigator being like, you know, she probably teased him and he went berserk. Like, And again Babes, we're not entitled to that. Like I don't, it separates us from the animals. You need to like, what are you talking? Yeah. Like, you're not entitled to do so.


We're not entitled to lose our minds and kill someone again. This isn't like the spirit overtook me and I became frenzied. No, this is not that. This is not a frenzied murder. That's The thing. This is not a disorganized frenzied passionate moment of crazy anger moment. No, this is, this is meticulous murder. This is hours and hours. And I think it was planned a Controlled torture. And I think it was planned. Yes. It's like she are we forgetting that the blood was drained from her body. Everyone that requires a lot. And the bisection, you're not, the bisection Is so clean. You're not going to convince me that somebody who was overtaken by a spirit and like lost their mind was like, no.


Yeah. I just figured out how to bicep Her. I just figured it out. I am, I will not encourage you to look at the crime scene photos 'cause I'll never encourage you to do that. No. And these have been shared so many times that unfortunately they're everywhere. If you're Familiar with this case, probably, If You are familiar with them, I looked at them because I, we were going into this case. It is a remarkably clean bisection. Yeah. The, this is not like, I'm sorry to get graphic here, but you're here. It is not like a tearing through somebody No. Kind of thing. Like this is not a ragged cut. It's a cut that is so fucking clean. It's clinical is what it is. Right.


That is a clinical cut. If I ever saw one, I think somebody, you will never convince me that this person is not a doctor or a surgeon. Exactly. It's the same thing as Jack the River. You're just not gonna convince me. I agree. It's just the way it is for it. And we will get into that, don't worry. Yeah. In the years since the publication of that book Severed The True Story of the Black Dahlia murder Severed has come under a lot of scrutiny for a lot of inaccuracies, mistakes, you know, a lot of that stuff. Among other things. The author Gilmore paid Wilson for the interview. Okay. And which Does happen For sure. But in these cases that we'll sketch, that makes your eyebrow raise a little. Yeah. And the transcript indicates the conversation occurred over the course of many rounds of drinks.


Oh, well that's which can taint things not great. It has also been pointed out that years after Severed was released, Gilmore had advanced to an entirely different theory about the killing. So it kind of taints this original one. 'cause you're like, huh. Right. In a 1982 interview with the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Gilmore described a suspect. He refers to only as Mr. Jones. According to Gilmore, Mr. Jones had confessed the murder to one of Gilmore's contacts. Okay. Now, in this version of events, Gilmore claims that Mr. Jones picked short up at the Biltmore. And she and Jones traveled from an apartment in Hollywood to the Roosevelt Hotel where he picked up a key to the house at 33rd in Trinity Jones was angered by Elizabeth Schwartz's behavior and her refusal to give in to his advances, the two quarreled about a phone call she wanted to make.


And when she insisted on leaving the hou, the wooden house and Incensed Jones beat her, raped her, and then losing all control. Nope. Tortured her and ultimately killed her. No. In his frenzy. Nope. To cut the body up for disposal purposes. Nope. That's not, that was not why she was cut. No, That was not for disposal purposes. Nope. She was posed, She was posed, Posed. It wasn't like If you're trying to dispose of a body, you cut off the limbs. You, I know this sounds horrible. No, but it's just what it's, but if you're doing it for disposal purposes, you are putting it into bags so it isn't found right. Or that it is found in several different places and you are not putting her next to a sidewalk where she's found posed.


And honestly, if it was for, if it was simply only 100% for disposal purposes, this is awful. But you would assume she would be in more pieces. Exactly. Sh her limbs would be cut off Very An easier Disposal. You don't leave limbs on if you're trying to dispose of a body easily. No. And again, this is a horrible discussion to have, but it's just, it doesn't make sense Past. Yeah. Yeah. Like that. You can't tell me This was for disposal VAEs. No. And then This was for, it was for shock factor. She was posed like she was getting a photo taken. Right. That's not what that was. Don't tell me that was disposal. If it was, she would be in bags. Yep. She would not be laid out on the grass. No. Like, come on. So it says Jones cut the body in half, then panicked at the prospect of discovery.


And he wrapped each part of Elizabeth Short there. There was two two in curtains from the house. Nope. There was cement bags found. Yeah. Wrapped the entire bundle in an oil skin tablecloth and loaded the body in his car. No. And At what point did he decide to drain her of all her Blood? Exactly. You didn't mention that. Yeah. We're we're always skipping that one in these confessions. Where, where'd you do that? Where'd you do that? How long did it take? How'd you know how to do it? Yeah, like, come on,


Listen up weirdos. We gotta talk about drunk elephants. Proteiny polypeptide cream. I am straight up obsessed with this stuff. Imagine adding a protein boost to your morning smoothie for extra energy. But now picture Proteiny doing the same for your skin. It is that powerful. Just as our bodies need protein to stay strong and healthy, our skin craves peptides and nutrients just like our bodies do. Think of it as a nourishing protein shake via face. Proteiny is a breakthrough moisturizer that delivers daily moisture. It visibly firm and strengthens skin and it improves the appearance of skin's texture and tone, fine lines and signs of sun damage. I have incorporated this into my daily routine and my skin is feeling so nice. This is a super lightweight cream, which I really love. I'm not a super big fan of like a heavy cream. This is a gel cream that delivers daily moisture, visibly firm skin. It has nine signal peptides and I am obsessed with it. Discover Proteiny polypeptide cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


Do you experience bouts of money stress? Do you avoid your bank balance like it's a text from your ex? Do you feel guilt and second guessing about your spending? If you answered yes, you may be suffering from financial funk. Why NAB spelled YNAB is a life-changing app designed to cure financial funk with a simple method that offers total control of your money. The average YNAB user reports saving close to $600 in their first month and 6,000 in their first year. Side effects may include less financial stress, getting better sleep, and eliminating arguments about money warning, using Y NAB may be habit forming before starting. Ask your wallet if adding more joy to every day and every dollar is right for you. Listeners of Morbid can claim an exclusive three month trial subscription for free with no credit card required@www.ynab.com slash Morbid. That's www YN com slash Morbid. Life is short. Spend it well with YAB


Gilmore claimed to have tracked Mr. Jones down in 1978 and found him living in Indianapolis. The author went to see the man, however, and when he arrived he just decided not to talk to him. Okay. Gilmore said quote, I just looked at him now I'm sorry. I didn't talk to him about Elizabeth Short because I didn't know at the time that he had killed her. I didn't have that part of the story. I didn't know there was a situation between my contact and Jones that there was always an antagonism. What So it just gets a little messy. It, this whole, it gets pretty messy And it's a little weird. It's, yeah, that's, so there's that, I don't know about any of that. Those were big suspects that people talked about for a little while. But then in 1991 and this one's, there's a big, there's a big issue with this one to me.


Okay. In 1991, another suspect was put forward when 54-year-old Westminster resident, Janice Nolton went to the press claiming her father George Nolton was short's Killer. Okay. Janice had been undergoing psychiatric treatment at the time and claimed she had uncovered repressed memories of witnessing her father kill Elizabeth in their garage. Okay. Now, that was in January, 1947 that she claimed it happened. She claimed that her father who died in a car accident in 1962 had been dating Elizabeth in 1947. And that short had been staying, quote in a makeshift sleeping room in their garage where she had a carriage For me already, I have like a ding ding ding where Yeah, His name would've been in her address book if she was dating Him.


Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Precisely. At least in my opinion, You know, there's that. But then there's another big one that to me, I was like, Nope. Now, according to Nolton, she quote remembers the woman, Elizabeth Short, sitting in a chair under a bright light and her father hitting the woman in the face and head with a claw hammer. Now that's horrible. And she did have lacerations and many wounds to her head. But did she have like skull fractures? She, I'm not sure if she had skull fractures, but she had a lot of lacerations to her face in her head. I feel Like if you're beaten with a claw hammer, a lot of times you have skull fractures. Here's the thing, because Janice says she witnessed this while hiding in the family's garage.


I think Janice went through some horrible shit in her childhood very clearly. And I feel for her Absolutely To be, to be coming out with this kind of thing. A lot of stuff has happened. Absolutely. And she was going through psychiatric treatment, so she was obviously trying to work through some stuff. Yeah. So I'm not saying that I don't believe this because I don't, I think she's just straight up lying about anything. I just don't think it was Elizabeth Short. I think she's gone through a lot and I think this is kind of a manifestation of some of that. And I can't imagine what she did see with her own father When she probably did see this happen to somebody. I just don't think that person was Elizabeth Short. Elizabeth Short, She said in the garage she witnessed her father use a power saw to cut the body in half.


No, no. That cut is not a power saw. Cut clean. A power saw would leave. There would Be some ragged. Unfortunately, again, I'm gonna get graphic. There was gonna, there's gonna be some tearing ragged edges and some tearing. Yeah, there's gonna be, I mean she had, there's, there's full organs right at the edge of that cut that are fully intact. Right. That they're not Touched. Nicked. They're not ragged. They're not destroyed and mangled, they're intact. Which is, 'cause again, there was something very meticulous used to do This. Well, think of a power saw. It's gonna be vibrating. Yeah. It's Gonna, an organ. Organ could slip very easily and exactly get mangled. So Where she was found, the top half of Elizabeth Short, when she's found there is very clearly a large organ protruding from the top of her body.


Right. That would've been falling out of there and it would've been nicked and mangled and destroyed. And it wasn't with a power saw, a power saw was I will die on the hill. A power saw was not used to cut her in half. No. It just wasn't. No, it was a surgical situation. Instrument. Yeah. 100%. Yep. So immediately when I heard a power saw in a garage, I said, absolutely not. The following day she says, Janice said her father quote took the body to a utility room next to the pier and gutted and cleaned the victim's body. But she wasn't gutted. She was not gutted. Maybe meant the blood part. Maybe like that was her version of being, you know, her version. I'm Saying it, but I, this one just doesn't, and Why would he hate for me?


Yeah. And I just, it just doesn't, no. But I do feel for Her. I do, I feel for Janice a lot because obviously there's some stuff going on there and hopefully clearly Does To work through that. Yeah, no, he sounds like he was awful. And the thing is, in the mid to late 1980s there was repressed memories had like a moment like it was like that was the concept of that be it gained a lot of traction and like a lot of, you know, practitioners in mental health fields. Yeah. Were like very focused on it for a little while. I believe they exist for sure. Oh, like They Absolutely do. I do believe a too much was placed on them in the 1980s. Yeah. It actually there, there was a lot of that being the drivers of a lot of the sa satanic panic don't in the eighties and early Nineties don't.


I don't think it's something that you can rely on too heavily because memories are already faulty. Yeah. You can't hang your hat on them. And I'm not saying repressed memories don't exist. I literally No, They absolutely Do. I've experienced repressed memory. They absolutely do. But again, it can, They can be Wiley And a lot of times with repressed memories, even in my own experience, there's missing pieces still within those memories. That's exactly It's not, it's not always a full picture. Exactly. And it, And our brains are, our brains are meant like they, they by design, fill in details. Exactly. And Like, based on experiences, based on what we're consuming, based on so many different things, Feelings, emotions, how you feel that day, what you ate, what you did.


You know what I mean? You saw Somebody else do, watched what you read, like Yeah. And it's like, again, repressed memories. Absolutely real. I believe they exist. I believe they can be very helpful. I believe they can be very helpful moving through things. Yeah. And dealing with things like, I, that's the thing whole Wholeheartedly. But I think to hang your hat on a repressed memory is like hanging your hat on an eyewitness. There's Gotta be more. Yes. There's going to be some human error here. Yeah. And there's gonna be, repressed memories can be like a mismatch of different memories that are all smooshed into one. Yep. So it's like, you might be, that might've happened. You, she might've saw that. But again, like you said, I don't think it was Elizabeth Short, she shot saw, I think she's seen Elizabeth Short.


Yep. She's seen the story. And your brain can marry those two pieces and they Can marry information. I just, the details don't fit for me. Yeah. But again, feel for Janice big Time Because holy shit, to even think that about your own father, this is some bad shit. He's Had that happen. Clearly. He's capable of a lot of Shit. Nefarious shit. Yeah. It was around the mid nineties, people did start to realize that like, hanging your hat on repressed memories was not the best course of action. And that, like we said, indeed they exist, but they are fuzzy. Yeah. And a lot of people, like, you know, when it was all like really heightened in like the late eighties, early nineties when Satanic panic was starting to like explode.


A lot of members of law enforcement took reports of repressed memories. Very serious. Even if they were out of this world strange and unrealistic. Yeah. They would take them as fact. Right. It was almost like, which is not great. Yeah. It was. Which is not, it's just not fact. There's, It's, It's in someone's mind. You can't rely on that. It's Well, and it's just as, as much as circumstantial evidence is real. Exactly. Refreshed memories are real, but they're circumstantial Evidence. You gotta have 'em along with some really concrete shit. Exactly. In this, however, with the LAPD, you know, trying to chase anything down, they even had a hard time believing this particular story.


Detective John St. John said, we have a lot of people offering up their fathers and various relatives as The Black Dahlia murder, which is so sad. Which means there's a lot of shitty dads out there, which is like, I mean, get it together. We've been new. He said the things that she, meaning Janice is saying, are not consistent with the facts of the case and is, and they just aren't. That's, it's not, regardless of whether, you know, detective St. John believed her. Janice remained convinced her father was involved. She told a reporter he was a very sadistic man. Sad. Which again, that's sad. Breaks my heart for her. Yeah. She claimed that he didn't just kill Elizabeth Short either. She also said she recalled two other murders committed by her father, And she believes one of the victims was mutilated and buried in the family's yard in Westminster.


Oh, damn. So when she said this investigators in Los Angeles, although they were suspicious of the claims members of the Westminster Police Department were like, well, we should fucking look, look into this. Probably check that out. Like we didn't just let it go. Westminster Lieutenant Larry wa Wossner said, repressed memories like these do check out sometimes. Yeah. It's not unusual, which is exactly how I feel. It's like you can't ignore them. No. But you, you know, can go either way, But you just hang your hat on them. So in the summer of 1991, investigators in Westminster received approval to excavate the empty lot where Norton's house once stood. Yeah. Just on the chance that Janice's memories were accurate, he told a reporter of the detective, or the lieutenant, excuse me, he said, she seems to think that we may find a purse or some other belongings of Elizabeth Short.


A few days later when the site was excavated, technicians found a rusty knife, animal bone fragments, and costume jewelry among the debris, which is fucking weird, but found no conclusive evidence of a murder. That said was a little strange. 'cause they said the items did appear to be buried on purpose. Yeah. And they did find that unusual. So they said, we don't know how significant this is, but it's definitely interesting. Why would anyone put such things that far underground? Right. So it is strange. It is. And it sounds like her father was a sadistic fuck. And maybe he did do some shit. Yeah. But they didn't find anything connected to Elizabeth. Yeah. Now, despite the strangeness of the items found under the house, there was nothing indicating a crime even had occurred.


Just that it was weird. So West Westminster police did decline to open an investigation. 'cause they were like, yeah, I don't, we can't do that based on the rusty knife and costume jewelry. It's like, there's nothing here that says somebody was even hurt. Yeah. Like, it's just not. Nevertheless, Janice maintained her belief that her father had killed Elizabeth and actually went on some high profile talk shows like Larry King Live, Sally, Jesse Raphael. Oh. And promoted her story. Okay. In 1995, she co-published a book with Michael Newton titled Daddy Was The Black Dahlia Killer. Damn. Yeah. Even after her story and the popularity of her book had passed, Janice remained con like on that story and convinced that her father was responsible.


He a Los Angeles Times reporter, Harry Har Harnish said quote, she'd leave long rambling voice messages on my answering machine at the times. So it sounds like she really, she was going through Yeah. Some stuff. Yeah. She died unfortunately, by an intentional drug overdose on March 5th, 2004. Oh, man. So I feel bad for Janice. That's, that's a tough life Because I don't, judging by that story, I don't believe that her father was the Killer of Elizabeth S. Short. But I feel, feel her dad was a bad man. Yeah. And a sadistic man by her account. Yeah. And that she went through a lot. Clearly. And that I, I just feel bad.


Yeah. That's what like, I feel like that's like, that's a lot. And then to die by suicide, it's like obviously she was Psychologically going through A lot. By a lot. Yeah. You know, and it's really sad. Again, it's very unlikely that her father was Elizabeth Schwarz Killer. But in 2003, another person stepped forward to offer up his father as a potential suspect in the case. And this story Is the one Is the story in my opinion. Same in his 2003 book. Black Dahlia Avenger, A Genius for Murder. Former LAPD homicide Detective Steve Hodel, who was a Good motherfucking guy.


A good motherfucking guy. Yeah. He, you've heard his name. We Talked about him on Rodney call a case. We've, I think we've talked about him even Before. Not cases. We've talked about him a few times. He is known by his colleagues as a good cop. Yeah. And a good guy. He offers a very compelling case for who he believes is the Killer. His father, Dr. George Hodel. Doctor Dr. George Hodel, he's a surgeon, right? Yep. He sure was. He believes he killed Elizabeth Short. And so do I. At the time of Elizabeth Short's disappearance and murder, Dr. Hodel was a well-known and highly respected physician. And the one, one-time head of the country's social hygiene bureau, according to Hodel quote, he was a hard and cold individual with a huge ego whose demeanor bordered on tyrannical.


Wow. He said also he was an experienced physician. He had the skills, tools, and the space necessary to commit this murder without detection. Because that's the other thing. You Need the space for this Murder. That is something to carry out everything. Something that, in my opinion, none of the other suspects have. Yep. They don't have the skills, they don't have the tools and they do not have the space. Right. You need a lot of space. And it needs to be hidden space secret, hidden space. She was alive when her mouth was cut, she was alive. There's going to be, be as fucking macab as that is. There's a lot of noise that was gonna be happening here.


Absolutely. And he needed somewhere he could do this, where no one was gonna find him and no one was gonna hear him. And to me, 'cause you might be thinking like, okay, well that other guy had a garage that's, that's a garage run. Not enough space. Two people are going to hear Yes. Screaming. They're gonna hear, they're gonna hear those tools mixed with the screaming. Yep. If that, if that's the way it happened, it just doesn't make sense for me. No, it doesn't make sense. It really does. He had George Hodel. I want you to look it up because I I know you're all like immediately gonna Google because I Yeah. Also did this. Oh yeah. Get, get on it. Look at his house. It's huge at the time. It's a huge house. He had a, Didn't he have like a huge Basement? Huge basement. Basement. Huge basement. Wait, Correct me if I'm wrong.


Was there like tunnels and shit? I think there was just like a, it was a labyrinthine kind of basement. Okay. Like, there was a lot of space. Lot of space. A lot of space away from the rest of the house. A Lot of offshoots. There was a lot of people in that house that were willing to do a lot of fucked up shit. Yeah. To save their own shit, to make money, to save their reputations, to get people A Lot times when it's wrapped up in money. Yep. It gets craziest, nastiest out of this world. Shit happens. He was also, he made sure to hire people in his house. Like, 'cause he, he was very rich. He was, he had a maid. He had all kinds of shit. Yeah. I mean, he is a fucking surgeon. He made sure those were people that he was also fucking by the way.


Yeah. So he made sure shit on them. So He made sure that everyone was on his side. Like that's what he was. That, that none of 'em were gonna talk. And he had shit on all of them. Yeah. So It's so this guy relied on blackmail. He Relied on it and he was, there was so much dirty shit. And we're gonna get into it, but I, I encourage you to read the book by Steve Hodel. I Know Anything. I'm just, he's convinced me. It is. He's convinced me. It is captivating. It's a very captivating case. It's one that has too many con coincidences For me and for me. I'm not a big coincidence person. Don't Yeah. When there's that many, It's two on the nose Now. George Hodel Jr.


Was born and raised in Los Angeles in the first decade of the 20th century, which was a very big and exciting time for expansion for the city. As a child, he was incredibly intelligent. He consistently scored the highest on every test. He was very, very smart. And ultimately he graduated high school early and enrolled in the California Institute of Technology at 15 years old. Wow. One result of his obvious intelligence was that George was treated very differently than his peers his whole life. And given the impression that he was special and deserving of special treatment. But on bit Of a pedestal young age, it's not, you know, it can be great.


Yeah. But not great for the ego here. Yeah. Just one year into his education at Caltech, George was expelled. Yikes. According to Steve Hodel, his expulsion was either for being kicked out for engaging in a sexual relationship with a faculty member's wife. Meanwhile, he was 15. Right? Yep. Or for repeatedly gambling on campus, which was against the school's rules. Maybe both. Yeah. In the years that followed, George drifted from job to job, including working as a crime reporter with the Los Angeles record during the prohibition era. Wow. Before finally enrolling in pre-med at Berkeley in 1929, which is Insane. Insane. From there, he went on to pursue a medical degree at the University of California and he graduated with a medical degree in 1936.


He also went to school at the time where that specific bisection method was being taught. Coincidence number one. Yeah. Following his graduation, George worked his way up through the state health system. Also making very high society friends along the way. Friends with lots of Hollywood elites along the way. I think we're learning now that that means something. Connections. Yeah. I think we're learning that that has something. It was through this social network that he met his first wife, Dorothy Harvey, who was the former wife of director John Houston. With whom Hodel had one child, a daughter named Tamar Del's marriage to Dorothy Harvey didn't last long, but his relationship with his daughter Tamar would prove pivotal.


Yeah. Not only to his life, but in Steve's case, against his father. On October 1st, 1949, Tamar disappeared from the couple's home on Franklin Street and was nowhere to be seen. She was, I believe at this point she was about 14 ish. Yeah. After several hours of contacting friends and neighbors, George Hodel did contact the LAPD and reported her missing. Two days later, she was found to be staying at a friend's house And she was taken into custody by the LAPD while she talked with a police officer. She explained that she'd run away because my home life is too depressing because of all those sex parties at the Franklin House. Yeah. Now, coming from someone so young, the statement was very shocking.


Yeah. To the police officer. More shocking though was Tamar's confession that only, not only had she seen the parties, but also quote took part in them. By the time the interview ended, a few hours later, Tamar had implicated her father and three other adults in a conspiracy of abuse, as well as confessing to having engaged in various sex acts with several of her male classmates at Hollywood High School. So she was being abused on a galactic level. Yep. That is the only way to describe that.


Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more fast growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. I am obsessed with fast growing trees. We actually ordered a couple things from them. I got a couple shrubs and I also got a lemon tree. So, so I'll always have fresh lemons. If you know me, you know that I love Shannon Boor and you gotta have nine lemons and that bowl, baby. So I'm excited about that. And listen, you don't need to have a yard or a lot of space. You can grow, like I just said, a lemon tree and avocado. Olive or even a fig tree inside your home. On top of the wide variety of house plants available this spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show, get 15% off their first purchase when using the code Morbid at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code Morbid at checkout. Fast growing trees.com code Morbid. Now is the perfect time to plant, use Morbid to save today. Offer is available for a limited time. Terms and conditions apply


Given the severity of these accusations and the notoriety of the men at the center of the scandal. The authorities moved very quickly and George Hodel was arrested a few days later and held on $5,000. Bail guys Get it together. By the time he posted bail a few hours later, the story had reached the press and the once prestigious doctor was now being associated with sex parties and incest. Not great. In interviews with police and reporters, Tamar claimed that Dr. Hodel had been molesting her since she was 11 years old. This is her father. And that she had been encouraged to participate in sex acts with other adults at various house parties. To which she obviously means so couldn't consent was she was raped. That's what that means.


Yeah, that's, that's the clearer way to say that. Not that she was, you know, encouraged to participate. No, she was raped. She was raped. In early December, 1949, George Hodel went on trial for the abuse of his daughter. And the DA presented several witnesses who claimed to have been at the sex parties and verified what she alleged. Wow. Even Hodel himself. And this should not be understated because even Hodel himself stated in depositions that he had been quote, delving into the mystery of love and the universe with his daughter. Yeah. No, there's no mystery about fucking your own child.


In later It's later he will claim like, no, I didn't do anything. It's like, Nope, you said it. You said it. Because he also suggested that his memory of the events was quote, unclear like a dream. He's fucked. He's fuck. Disgusting guy in the, the case should have been an easy prosecution for the DA Close and shut. Open and shut had it not been just said, close and shut. Close and shut. Don't even open it and shut and shut. Just shut it. Yeah. Throw, throw Behind Bars. But there was one statement made by Tamar during questioning from the defense that kind of made it, changed it a little before ending his questioning. Defense attorney Robert ne ne asked one last question. He said, Tamar, do you recall a conversation you had with a roommate at the Franklin House by the name of Joe Barrett?


And do you recall in that conversation making the following statement to him, this house has secret passages. My father is the murderer of The Black Dahlia. My father is going to kill me and all the rest of the members of this household because he has a lust for blood. He is insane. The courtroom was fucking stunned by this, I would think. And Tamar tried to explain that she had no recollection of having said that. I mean, of course she's scared for her fucking life. Yeah. Despite the strength of the case going into the trial, it soon became clear that the defense had intended to make her seem like a petty, vindictive daughter who was willing to lie in order to get revenge on her father.


I don't think she was lying who she felt ignored her. That's what they were trying to go with. I Think she wished that he Ignored her. Honestly. She'd be better off One defense witness after another took to the stand to call Tamar a liar or worse to recant their previous statements. Corroborating her initial accusations. Nice. So they had said she was a bully and then they would come back and be like, just kidding. Real nice. She's a Child. Steve Hodel later learned that several of those fucking witnesses had been offered large sums of money by his father to lie on the stand. I think they Call that hush money. And I hope you are having the life you deserve or you are having the afterlife that you deserve to all those people. I fully believe in karma At the end of the trial. George Hodel was found innocent of the charges.


Absolutely insane. Even after, after he anything that you of anything He said he had been exploring the, whatever the fuck it was with his child. Yeah. You're fucking gross, dude. Several months later, George relocated to Hawaii where he remarried and cut off communication with all of his children. Wow. Nice. He's a piece of shit. That's good. But they're better off without him. Yeah. Steve Hodel hadn't given that statement about The Black Dahlia during the trial. Much thought really until he was going through his father's belongings after he died in 1999. I Hope he died a Horrible death. I do too. And he came across a small photo album that not only contained a photo of Steve's ex-wife taken before he'd ever met her, but also a photo of Elizabeth Short.


That is insane. Coincidence number two, everyone. Yeah. The photos caught Steve off guard and he started going through his father's history more closely, hoping to find out why he had a photo of a notorious MO murder victim. He also found other photos that he believes could be Elizabeth Short, but they have not been confirmed. Okay. Over the course of several years, Steve Hodel combed through old police files in city archives. Remember he is an LAPD homicide detective. He's a detective. And he talked to anyone who knew his father and could provide any insight into his history. Through that process, he learned that his father's close relationships with many celebrities, including the artist man Ray, who was a surrealist artist, would figure prominently in his theory.


Hmm. According to Steve in the mid 1940s, Dr. George Hodel had become known as a reliable and discreet provider of abortions whose client list included Elizabeth Short, meaning He had even more blackmail on People. Exactly. In his interviews, Steve claims to have spoken with at least eight people who quote asserted that they knew firsthand that Hodel had some kind of relationship with short. At least eight people have said that. That's a lot of people. Yeah. Based on, and that that that artist Man Ray, he does a painting, a couple of his paintings are very reminiscent of the crime scene of the Yeah. Based on all the pieces he uncovered while writing his books, Steve Hodel concluded that his father coaxed Elizabeth Short to a party at his house where she was subjected to sexual assault, torture, and eventually murdered.


He offers a large amount of circumstantial evidence to support this claim. And again, like I said, circumstantial evidence, evidence is good evidence, including the fact that short's body was found to be positioned in a way that, like I said, recalled two of man Ray man Ray's more famous works of art, which Dr. George Hodel or Yeah. Dr. George Hodel were, was very interested in. Yeah. Now you can also, he was like very into like surrealist dream shit. Clearly you can hear it when he says, oh, it was all a dream world. I was exploring The dream of the universe and blah blah blah. Like he's very into that shit. Yeah. So that does figure prominently, despite the circumstantial nature of the evidence, Steve wasn't alone in his suspicions either.


Following Del's acquittal for assaulting his daughter, LAPD detectives started looking closer at him as a suspect in the Elizabeth Short case. Oh shit. So during that time they were like, whoa, Whoa, what about this guy? Wait a second. The other officers outside of Steve Hodel, this included Dr. Hodel being followed by investigators for several weeks and having his phones tapped for a period of time, which When you hear about the phone tapping of it all, I'm like, I don't know how you could think Anything else. How did you not continue going into this? Yeah. Like how did you not even build more against him? 'cause I think people got hanging money off. Yeah. During this period, George Hodel had been heard on more than one occasion to vaguely allude to his participation in Elizabeth Schwartz murder.


In one phone conversation on the first day of being tapped, George tells a friend, suppose and I did kill The Black Dahlia, they can't prove it now because my secretary is dead. Coincidence number number three Says that Not me. And ultimately the investigation into George Hodel went nowhere and was ended when he moved to Hawaii in 1950. But let me tell you a little more about that. Why That's insane. Yeah. So on the very first day after he said that supposed I killed The Black Dahlia, they can't prove it now. 'cause my my secretary's dead. And it's also like, why do those two things correlate to each other, George? Exactly. On that same, those first few days, he said that they also got the statement of, they got that statement, they got him bragging about paying off law enforcement, having officers demoted.


That's good. Who were peeking too quick, too much into his shit. And he taught like anybody who was like looking further into his, like the case against, you know, that his daughter had against him. That anybody who was on that, that he was getting demoted, paying off people to get, like, to turn on the stand, which they have proof of. Which is how he was ultimately acquitted. Yeah. And his physician friends were also part of all this, like these conversations apparently. So there was a lieutenant gen jemison who was working Del's case, and one of his physician friends that he talked to this Lieutenant Jemison, he was quoted in a report as saying to this lieutenant, someday I'm going to fix Tamar.


I'm gonna cut a chunk out of her calf of her leg and fry it and eat it in front of her eyes and then puke it up in front of her face. What? Those are his friends, physician friends saying that about his daughter who he is accused and most definitely assaulted. Yeah. Oh, just of note, the, there is a large portion of flesh removed violently from Elizabeth's shorts thigh, by the way. And her right breast was saw off. So hearing some of his friends say, I would cut a piece of her calf out and fry it and eat it in front of her is pretty noteworthy when you look that there are pieces of Elizabeth's shorts flesh that have been very obviously and very intentionally removed from her body.


Jesus. In fatty parts of her body as well. Yeah. Her thigh and one whole breast. Wow. Like you're telling me that's coincidence that we just happen to have a guy that's saying he is gonna do that. I Think that's coincidence number four now. Wow. Now, holy shit. Yeah. In February, when they were tapping his phone, there was one day where they hear George Hodel Speaking of his secretary, Ruth Spalding, who he was Speaking of before my secretary died. And she Said, he said he died. She died. Yeah. She died under suspicious overdose in 1945. And this time he's saying quote, they thought there was something fishy. Anyways, now they may have figured it out, killed her. Maybe I did kill my secretary.


So he literally just said it killed her. Maybe I did. Yeah. Like what do you You have it? Of course I killed them. You literally have it. And if he had any real, and apparently if he had any relationship with Elizabeth Short, that secretary would've known about it. Of course she would've obviously she Organized all the shit According to Steve Hodel. The LAPD at the time acknowledged that they suspected and investigated Hodel of intentionally overdosing his secretary with Secal, which is a barbiturate and a sedative. Yeah. They said they looked into him, they thought he did it. They investigated it at the time. Damn, there is a lot on these tapes and I urge you to check them out because holy shit, he was a shady dude. And he was just, it's literally proven that he was paying law enforcement officers Off.


Yes. He was talking about it. And oftentimes he would talk in German to his friends saying these things, what the fuck? Yeah, it's insane, girl. The transcripts of these tapes are bonkers. They're bananas. I don't Know how, you Almost wonder, we just fluffed it away and we're like, ah, I don't know. Maybe he's a suspect. He what? You almost wonder if he did know that he was being, that they had wire Up. Oh, he absolutely did. One point. And he was like fucking with them. He absolutely did at one point. It's insane. Now, in the early two thousands, Steve Hodel presented all his materials to the Los Angeles district attorney. They reviewed the material and ultimately decided not to pursue the case For why Mistake. For what Mistake. In my opinion, you Got big mistake.


Look what the fuck you guys? Huge. I think it's such a big mistake. They didn't. I was like, dude, he's dead. Yeah. The least you could do. Just say, Look It man. Saying like, look into it and See if, if it's real Steve's done all the fucking legwork, he might as well give it a shot. Well, and it's like, you're not getting any more money from this guy. He's dead. Yeah. Fucking convict him. Yeah. Convict him. He can't hurt you anymore. Yeah. Let's, let's go. And also, the people that were at that time being paid off by him and all that shit, that's the older L-L-A-P-D. This is supposed to be a new crop of people that are supposed to be going prove through this prove, prove that You're, prove That youre better. Prove that you're not. Those people prove, prove. And it's like, look into it, man. There's enough here. He absolutely, in my opinion, he is absolutely, without a doubt the Killer. Yes. If you look at the transcripts of these tapes, there's also a time where they caught a woman screaming on the tape and then they hear George Hodel talking to another person on the tape saying, leave no trace.


That's Good. And a woman is screaming And they didn't go check that out. And Even Steve Hodel is like, I don't understand how nobody listening to those at the time they were tapping him, like live, why nobody made the five minute trip from the state, the department to go check on what was happening. Because they were, he was like, at the very least, there was like, at the very least, there was felonious assault of a woman happening. Clearly. And they didn't do anything. So that to me tells me everything. Yeah. It's like you didn't wanna intervene on that. What the fuck were you gonna intervene on? Nothing If it costs them money. It's crazy. I very much encourage you to look into that whole part of it Because it's wild. Tell imagine coming to that realization.


Yeah. And imagine what his fucking childhood was. Exactly. Like, my God. And it must be frustrating, but nobody's fucking listening to you. Yeah. Now, since Elizabeth's shorts body was found in that vacant lot in 1947, her murder has fascinated. And I'm one of those people fascinated the public and generated no small amount of myths, legends, lore, everything associated with it. By this point, it's entirely likely what's known about the victim in the case is a lot of legend. Yeah. In fact, like we've given you all the facts we can, but a lot of things you'll hear, we were talking about how like, you know, she went to Hollywood to become a star. Like that's that was true. It's A very small piece Of it.


In a small Yeah. It's like she had a lot more that she wanted to accomplish out there, like getting her life together and like starting over. Yeah. Being healthy, being able to breathe. Yeah. Like meeting someone, she had all kinds of aspirations. Yeah. So it's like a lot of this became, you know, and, and there's things you'll hear that you can easily debunk. Yeah. On one hand, the notoriety of the case, you know, it's surprising because there was very little evidence that they had. And it's not like Elizabeth Short was like a famous actress at the time. She was, you know, a a civilian walking around trying to get a job. Right. But when you look at how she was found, what she endured and the mystery surrounding her, it's easier to understand why this has become such a fascination for everybody In the pool of suspects.


That pool of suspects. And just like that crime scene, there's no way this wasn't gonna Well in The fascinating people going back to the, the man ray of it all, like, yeah, you, you guys gotta look at some of those photos. You gotta look at those photos. And then It's interesting to say the least To even just like, don't look at the crime scene photos If you don't want to. But even just to hear them described the way that her body was positioned off center. Yeah. Like, Like go look at Man Rays art. Yeah. Just go look at it. And this also is like the intersection between Hollywood and murder. Oh yeah. Which is something that always is gonna get everybody's attention. It it gets my attention. It's a fascinating place. It's a dark place. So dark. It's a scary place. It's a beautiful place. It's a shimmery place.


You know, it's like all, it's layered. It is so layered since her death. You know, Elizabeth Short has become a symbol for anyone, you know, hoping to moralize in one direction or the other. Yeah. Because a lot is placed on, you know, how many boyfriends she had and what she was doing with her life. And doesn't matter, bad, bad, a matter, whatever the facts, it seems unlikely that anyone's gonna be really satisfied with an ending to this case. 'cause people have so many different theories, thoughts, and theories. But I think people, it, I almost think it's like the Jack the Ripper case where you don't even know anymore if people want it solved, That they Just wanna keep talking about that not part of the case.


You know what I mean? That they just wanna keep talking about it. Theorizing, keep theorizing. A former LA Times reporter, Larry Har Harnish, who we mentioned earlier said, people don't want the record set straight. People want this grab bag of noir tropes. Yeah. Which is not cool. Not great. That Honestly, you said it perfectly. It's a bunch of noir tropes. A grab bag of noir tropes. Yeah. And when you really look at the reality of the case and I I, this is just our opinion that I think Steve Hodel is onto something here. Absolutely. I think he, he's a very interesting person to listen to. And a trusted source. A trusted source of, you know, somebody who has a long history of not being a dickhead. Yeah.


That I can tell. Yeah. I think it's an interesting one and I think it can be solved. I really Oh we do. I think it can. And I think we just need to keep pushing for It. You never know. Like we said, a cold case is never cold. It's never cold, it's never cold. It just gets a little chilly and we just gotta give it a blanket. Warm it up. So I think we can do it. Just work Steve. Let's go. Steve's like, I tried. Steve's like, but I've done everything I can. He's Like, I literally one time every buddy I could see, I don't know. I wanna help You. It's gotta reapproach when there's new People. Exactly. We just gotta reignite it. Reinvigorate it. Yeah. Keep it in people's ears. Yes. Keep talking about it. Keep bringing new things forward and eventually it's gonna happen. Yeah, I know it. So that is the case of The Black Dahlia, the murder of Elizabeth Short.


It's a crazy one. It is. And I'm glad we've revisited it the same. I wanted to give it a little more, you definitely gave it space more and time and attention and Yeah. Some more To different things. Details. Yeah, for sure. Very, Very interesting case. I think we could probably revisit it again in even like five more years. We would have More details. And thanks to Dave for doing such a good job with this one too. 'cause Dave Is one of the smartest people I know. Its Insane. He is. He's lovely. You guys should all have a friend like Dave. You should. So We hope that you keep listening And we hope you keep it weird. I honey, I don't honey, We don't gotta Say it. That's weird that you don't fill your own cup. Bringing it full circle.


Excuse. Let's talk Steve,


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Cory and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the T Cave Rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines, they're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the Odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, Apple Podcast or Spotify today.