
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey weirdos I have to tell you about this. All In one shake That I am. It's called Cava and It is Hands down The. best thing That I have found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each and every day. Cava is the all in one Superfood shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's s got green superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, literally just everything that your body craves to feel your best And. it is creamy. It's smooth Comes together with just water. and it comes in five delicious flavors. My personal favorites. If you know me, you know vanilla and chai I like to do half, half, boom, Vanilla chai. But if that's not your vibe, they've also got chocolate matcha and coconut acai. That's my third favorite. I like to drink Cava first thing in the morning because it makes me feel satiated for hours. And then I Know That. I'm starting my day energized. I'm ready for my day. And I am getting all the nutrients that I need to put in my body First thing upon waking up. Sometimes if I'm feeling a little bit cuckoo crazy, I had a scoop of peanut butter and blended In, and it's just like Scrum diddly anxious. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid. I love Cava.


Hey, Morbid listeners, have you heard that you can listen to your favorite gripping investigations ad free? Well, good news with Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcast included with your prime membership. I have a Prime membership, And I. Love it. And you will too. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ad free true crime. That's amazon.com/ad free true crime to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. Yay.


Hey weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena Whoa And. this Is Morbid. Do you ever, I bet some people think that we hate each other based off of our like answers. Yes. Like I just went Whoa, like, I was like, okay, calm down. but it really, I was just like, wow, she's crazy. Oh, there are definitely some people who think we hate each other. Should we tell them guys, we actually hate each other? Like, it's really hard to be around each other. It is. I hate it.


Every day. It's the worst. It's terrible. Yeah. Did I even say And this? Is Morbid yet? Yeah. Okay. That's good. So we're here. We're here. We love each other. It's true. In fact, I just said, Hey, I did something crazy. And she said What? And I said, I ordered a bunch of pumpkin bagels on a whim that are coming tomorrow. And she said, that's not crazy at all. I'm excited about that. Yeah. And I was like, that's why you're my people. That's what, that's actually not crazy in any way. Yeah. You were like, that's not crazy at all. Especially based off the things that I impulse purchase. Yeah, that's true. When I show you my impulse purchases, you go, that's literally insane. It's insane. Mine aren't bagels. Yeah. Mine are just like, look at these bagels. They look like a pumpkin. I don't have kids, so I just be buying myself teething. Cool. Shit. I'm so excited to put those bagels in the girls' lunches.


I'm so excited to put one of those bagels into my face. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah, brother. Well, it's Morbid. We're reunited. We're in person. We, I'm not covid Oy anymore. You're not covid Oy anymore. Yeah, I'm negative. I'm still, I still got that like lingering cough, which is very annoying. I never fucking got one. I did wake up this morning though. I also tested negative finally, which is great. And I woke up this morning. And I was like sneezing a lot that could be allergies. Oh. 'cause everything's kind of like moving around now with the rain and stuff. you know what's so weird? you know, like you'll, you're just like laying in your bed and then you wake up with allergies. Yeah. Like, did the allergies come in my room?


Do you know what I mean? Like, I don't really get it. Did they make an appointment? And I didn't write it down. Like, I don't sleep with my windows open. Yeah. So how, how do the allergies get in? I think your body is just like, Ooh, it's allergy out there. Maybe. That's gotta be it. I think that's, that's the scientific reason for it. I would love if I asked my doctor and he just said, well, your body's just like, it's got allergies out there. My, my specific doctor too, to just say that. I feel like my doctor might say that honestly. I also, which I appreciate, we don't have this No. Like, anyway. No. Communicate. That wasn just like, no, no, no. We don't have the same doctor, but we do go to the same place.


Mine, I think would, mine also would, yeah. Maybe it's like a practice wide thing. Yeah. I like that. All right, well, here we are. That's doctors. That's allergies and my abysmal understanding of them. Yeah. And onto the episode, because it's spooky season, y'all. It's spooky season. Spooky season. But I feel like we kind of like made this a theme that we're also doing. Like I feel like a lot of times we go like full spooky, which is like super fun. Yeah. But without even meaning to, we've intertwined true crime into this spooky season. Yeah. It's definitely become like a more like Mishmashed one, which I like. Yeah. It's a lot. We, we've touched upon a lot of different things. Got some like spooky. We did some spooky cemeteries, spooky hotels, which is fun.


We've done some haunting, some, you know, fake haunting, some true crime that caused the fake haunting. Yeah. you know, so we're actually in a place of like true crime causing the fake question mark hauntings. Oh, I like that. This is a place that like, honestly, I'll be quite frank and open with you at the beginning. Most of this is just true crime. Yeah. And the end is like a little bit haunted, but there's debate over how haunted it truly is. Ooh. So we're going to be talking, unfortunately, about the murder of Preston Murr, but also the Boise Murder Mansion. Ooh. So a little after midnight on June 30th, 1987. So not too far back guys. No, I was born, I was not.


So there's that. I wasn't even a star in the sky. Wow. But you were, I was. You were out of the sky. Yeah. I mean, I was only like two, but still that's, I was here. That's kicking. You might have been able to walk. Yeah. I mean, I hope so. By then. I don't know. I, so I'm not there yet. Okay. But anyway, I was like, baby, I hope, I don't know. I don't know any of that works. But a little after midnight on June 30th, 1987 when Elena knew how to walk. Yes. Clinton Sparks was woken from sleep by what sounded like somebody running down the street and shouting out of, outside of his window. No, I just go back to sleep. No, no. That's exactly what we tell people not to do.


I know, but it's so scary. It is so scary. The noise was loud enough to disturb his dog who started barking uncontrollably at the noise outside. So that's when you really can't go back to sleep. No, you can't. So Clinton got out of his bed to investigate the noise, and he looked out his front window where he saw quote two figures running toward the door. Mm. A moment later, one of the figures had reached his front steps and was banging on the front door frantically. Clinton later said, I didn't know what was happening. I didn't hear voices at that time. So completely fucking terrified. He backed away from the door. And at that very moment, he heard a man's voice shout, let go of me, let go of me. Oh. And to him, the voice sounded desperate, sounded terrified.


He said it sounded like someone who was in a lot of pain. Oh. So after hesitating for like a minute or two, 'cause you know, you gotta be, oh, well, I would not know what the fuck to do in that situa I'd be calling the police. Yeah, I would, that's the only thing I would know how to do. That's the thing. Like, immediately all you, like, all you need to do in that situa situation is call the police. You don't have to open your door. But, but because this is 1987, it's not like he has a cell phone on him where he can just quickly call. No, he's got like, run his landline where he is like, yeah. So he opened the door and he saw what appeared to be a, a large smear of blood on his storm door. And he said he could still hear yelling from somewhere outside, but by then whoever had been at the door was gone. So he was like, what the fuck do I do? And I think he probably was sitting, remember, this is like the middle of the night.


So he is like, yeah, did this just happen? Like, like, what the fuck? He's very like shaken here and damn, what a fucking badass that he opened that door. Like, I'm not like, yes. Because not everybody would. No, I don't. Know That. I, I, and honestly, it would be very dangerous too. If, you, you know what I mean? Like, it sounds like there's multiple people out there. Oh, knowing what we know. I think it's a good, it's not a good thing that he didn't open the door, but I think it, it could have gotten a lot worse. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So after waiting about 10 minutes, he called 9 1 1 to report what he believed was a violent altercation of some kind. And he said, I'm pretty sure there's somebody out there in need of assistance. Like somebody's bleeding. Yeah. And screaming. So he told the dispatcher, a couple of guys came up and beat on the door.


I went outside and looked, and there's some blood on the door it looks like. And he said he couldn't see anybody in the street at that time, like when he was calling. But he said it appeared as though, quote, something's going on in the house across the street. And when the dispatcher asked what Clinton wanted them to do for him, he was like, well, I'd like an officer to come check out the neighborhood to look around. I'd be so irritated. I'd be like, what the fuck do you think I want you to do? Like, I called you for guidance, I you to write me a haiku about it. The fuck do you think I want you to do? That's the thing. You're the goddamn emergency services. Come emergency serve, please. Like I just told you, I heard yelling and there's blood, there's blood there, blood on my door, and somebody in need of help. And you're like, well, what do you want me to do?


I'm like, ah, your job. I want you to tell me what you think of the new Terminator movie. Like, could you tell me a nighttime lullaby? Who are you? Not somebody smart. No. So he was like, can you send somebody out to have a look around? And he gave the address and the cross street and then was like, okay, like, hope you're coming. Good bye. Now, that same evening, a fire had broken out at a house across town, and the dispatcher decided that emergency should be given a higher priority, the fire, then the disturbance. So Clinton's call wasn't even flagged as an emergency. Wow. Which is very, that's wild. Crazy. Like, I understand that a fire is like happening right now. Yeah. So like, so like that's, you gotta triage those things, but it's like it's still a big deal.


Someone's bleeding outside. Well, that's a, you, you do have to triage them Yeah. To like some level of importance. And if somebody's bleeding, I think that would be like, hi. On the list. I would think so. Strangely enough, though, the call wasn't dispatched to an officer until 48 minutes after the call was placed. Awesome. At that time, the officer who was assigned to the call was busy and asked that it be reassigned. But for whatever reason, the dispatcher never sent the call to another officer. What the fuck? That wasn like a huge fuck up. Yeah. So the next day, another resident in the neighborhood called the police to report what they believed was a large amount of blood in the street.


Okay. So much so that quote, someone or something could have bled enough to have died. They said, what the fuck? So at that point, officers finally got around to investigating the front door of Clinton Sparks home, where they did indeed find a bloody hand print Sergeant Jim Tibs told a reporter, it appeared like he had a whole handful of blood. So there was like a straight up bloody hand print on Clinton's door. Oh, yeah. And Clinton's house wasn't the only one. Police al also found a bloody hand print on bloody hand prints, excuse me, on the windows of another nearby home, like multiple, my goodness. So they were able to follow a literal blood trail from the large pool in the street all the way to the front door of 8 0 5 West Linden Street, the home of Daniel and Catherine Rogers.


The couple told the investigating officers that they actually weren't home the night before and they didn't know, know anything about the blood or the supposed fight that happened in the street. But when officers returned with a warrant, a short time later, they discovered that the blood trail led inside the house and continued down into the basement where they discovered more than 13 pounds of marijuana scales and packaging material. Oh, oops. Yeah. So Daniel and Katherine Rogers were immediately arrested. Yeah. and that they got arrested at that point on charges of possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute. And the house was courted off for further investigation because were they just like hanging? They were just in that house with that blood trail going through it?


Yes. Just like stepping over it when they had to get to the kitchen for a snack, I guess. Like what do you what? I guess they just hadn't cleaned up yet. And then the cops come and they're like, oh, it's fine. This isn't our, I shouldn't clean this up. I think, yeah, no, no, this is not our blood trail. Like, I'm glad that they didn't. Yeah, obviously. But like when also the cops come and remember 1987 weed was not legal. So you have 13 pounds of weed in your basement. I don't know, maybe clean up, maybe just like, you know. Yeah. Maybe do anything, literally anything. But again, glad they didn't. So as they continued searching the Rogers home, investigators found a significant amount of blood spatter on multiple surfaces throughout the house, obviously indicating that something pretty violent had happened there, and that they are not good clean people.


No, no. Even though there wasn't any victim found in the home, and no wounded victim had reported to area hospitals, Tibs told a reporter, we're safe to say that That wasn human blood. Now, during their canvas of the neighborhood, one neighbor told officers that she actually saw Daniel Rogers hosing down the front porch of the house that morning, as well as the yard and sidewalk in front of the house. Hmm. So he cleaned the outside of the home, but not the inn. In further searching of the home slash crime scene at this point, crime scene technicians discovered a handgun and bullet fragments lodged in the wall by the front door. Oh, one in the laundry room, and one in the doorframe leading to the basement.


So like multiple bullets, just bullet fragments just lodged into various places in this home. That's probably fine. Yeah, totally. We don't have to worry.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. One of my biggest fears is socialization. Just kidding. I only have social anxiety, but I've talked a lot about it in therapy. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies and ghosts? you know, like social anxiety. Well, therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I've learned in therapy that there's always a root cause to the issue that you're going through. And weekly therapy appointments can really help you get to that root cause. And then once you get there more therapy can show you how to get better from that. So If, you are thinking of starting therapy. Give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you gotta do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. So that's HEL p.com/ Morbid.


Could you tell me exactly how much money you spent on food last month? How about entertainment or travel? Probably not, but Rocket money can. Rocket money categorizes all of your expenses and it helps you set a budget for different categories like bills, utilities, dining, drinks, travel, vacation, entertainment, and so many more. With Rocket Money, you know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money is like a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and alert you when you're too close to going over budget so that you can save more and spend less. It's been, that specific tool has been really helpful for me because sometimes it's like, Hey, girly Red Alert, calm down with that credit card.


And I'm like, okay, okay. I got it, dad. Thanks. I mean, rocket Money. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over $1 billion across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get rocket money today@rocketmoney.com slash Morbid. That's rocket money.com/ Morbid rocket money.com/ Morbid. Now, given the large amount of blood found inside and outside of the home, investigators started to theorize that the house had probably been the site of a murder. Yeah, likely. But unfortunately, without a victim, they weren't able to charge the couple with anything other than the possession charges.


That's so fucked up. But under the circumstances, a judge set their bond at an unusually high amount of $250,000 each. So That wasn gonna be very like, yeah. Unlikely that they'd be released. Now, the next day, two 13-year-old boys were fishing on the banks of Boise Snake River when one of their fishing lines got caught on two plastic bags floating in the river. And the boys hauled in the bags. And when they opened them, they discovered the arms and fingers of a man that a police would later identify as 21 year old Preston Murr. Holy shit. Two 13 year olds finding that gruesome of a fucking discovery. Like and 21 and 21 years old.


And that's just his arms and fingers. So where's the rest of him? Oh, like what happened here? Well, the next day, Carl Kitchen was fishing with his family when he spotted several objects floating in the Brownlee Reservoir. When he managed to bring the bags to shore, he opened them to discover more body parts later determined to belong to Preston Murr kitchen later told a jury, I saw it had to be a piece of a human body from above the navel to just below the leg joints. Oh my God. Yeah. Investigators would eventually find 13 garbage bags in total, all containing Preston Murr's remains. Wow. Now, Preston Murr was like a petty criminal who had spent his short life in and around Idaho Falls, Idaho.


And he'd been arrested on a handful of times for minor offenses, just like disturbing the peace. He wasn't a violent guy. Yeah. But just a few days earlier on June 29th, he had attended a funeral for a friend. And during the funeral, several attendees, including Daniel Rogers, had gotten drunk and gotten into an argument that quickly did escalate into a physical altercation. So the police were called to this funeral and Preston Murr and the other men were given a citation and asked to leave. So Preston went back to his sister's apartment where he was staying, and he called the police to inform them that after he left the funeral, somebody called his sister's apartment and threatened to kill him. Whoa. Now, according to his sister, Tonda Reper, Preston drank and smoked pot recreationally.


But as far as she knew, he wasn't involved in any major criminal activity. She told her reporter, she didn't know anybody who would want to kill him. Yeah. So when investigators put all the pieces together, a picture of what had actually happened to Preston, Murs started to emerge with Daniel and Catherine Rogers at the very center of it all. Mm. By the end of the week, Catherine had been ruled out as a participant in the murder. But detectives had identified Daniel Rogers accomplice, 31-year-old Darren Cox. Both men were charged with the murder of Preston Murr. And Cox ended up being held without bail. So the more detectives learned or looked into Daniel Rogers background, the more they became convinced that he was the primary shooter in the death of Preston Mer.


Oh really? Because he had a pretty violent past. He dropped out of high school in the ninth grade and spent most of his life just working menial jobs. He met his first wife, Kay. At one of those jobs, and they quickly got engaged and married later. Kay Kay would tell a reporter that she never actually loved Daniel, but she saw him as her ticket out of her own abusive family. Oh, that's sad. Would it's even sadder because he was just as abusive to her. Oh. Her dad was like really, really abusive. I read one of the newspaper clippings that Dave found, I was reading and their dad used to like wake them up in the middle of the night and sit them on the couch and like hold them at gunpoint. Like she grew up in an incredibly abusive home.


Oh, that makes me so sad. Yeah, it's horrific. So then she married Daniel and he was just as bad. Oh, that happens so often. Yeah, it's, it's hard. But the cycle repeats because it's like you don't know anything else. That's all you know. So you don't Know That. Well, that's what you think love is and that's what you think you deserve. Exactly. But so they moved around for a while from state to state across the south mostly. They had their first son together and then Daniel just suddenly ran off one day with the neighbor's wife. Damn. Daniel back at it again with the neighbor's wife. Like, holy shit. Yeah. And then he just came back. But honestly, I'm glad. Oh, he came back. No. Yeah. I was gonna say, I was like, he's gone.


Bye. Nope. Daniel never goes away. Oh. I wanted Kay to be free. He just showed up one day, like came back and begged Kay to take him back. And she was like, no, you're a piece of shit. So he kidnapped their six month old son, essentially holding the baby as hostage until she agreed to take him back. Fuck this guy. Yeah. He's a piece of shit. Shit. Oh, poor kay. I know. And she has her own issues too, which is sad. But she, the good news is it really sounds like she turned her life around. Good job. Kay. Yeah. So in 1975, Daniel and Kay's relationship came to an end when he ended up turning her into the police in order to avoid being arrested himself for a robbery that they committed together in South Carolina.


They had committed a couple robberies and Kay had committed other robberies herself in the past with various accomplices, even without Daniel. So she ended up, when he turned her in, she ended up being sentenced to 12 years in prison. Holy shit. Yeah. 'cause these were like armed robberies too. Damn. At that point, Daniel was awarded temporary custody of their two kids at this point. Oh God. And then, this is insane. Two years later, the day, the very day that he was awarded permanent custody of his two kids, he was arrested after shooting and killing his friend. George Weather acts during an argument. He shot his friend in the head during an argument.


My God. The very day that he was awarded custody of his two children, like permanent custody. Why was he not put away forever? I don't know. Like this man is a problem for some reason. That wasn only second degree murder that he got convicted for. So he only served five years in prison for this. Oh my God. Yeah. When he was released in 1982, he married Catherine and moved to Boise with his new wife and two children still. And a few years later, he just decided that he was tired of fatherhood. So he called Kay and told her to come get the kids and take them for good. Don't. So she was like, okay, I can't understand these people. Luckily, Kay. It sounds like she like got married. I think she became like a real estate agent, like a very successful real estate agent.


Okay. Okay. Kay. And she like, she, she got the kids together, like everything was good. Okay. Kay. Yeah. Happy for Kay. Since palming the kids off on his ex-wife, Daniel and Catherine, his new wife had been earning a living selling drugs primarily cocaine and weed. Huh. And through the checks that they, they also got an, an earning through the checks that they received from the state for foster care services. No, I'm sorry, what? Wait, they were foster somehow what they were involved in, like foster care. Yo, I don't know how as a convicted second degree murderer.


I am very confused by that. I don't know if they just used Catherine's credentials, but I'm assuming, oh my God. You check into both credentials. You should, right? Yeah. Speaking of foster parents, and I'll say like, no, this is, I'm gonna flip it on its head. Is this okay? Good, good, good. Because that just made me really sad that they were foster these poor kids are going to that home. Yeah. But I can tell you like, there's a foster parent that I follow. Is it the lady on TikTok? Yeah. I love her. And she, so I think her thing is them Hoffer, because they're Leslie That. wasn Hoffer. I think we've talked about them. Hoffer. I think we have. And she, they, she and her husband are like incredible.


Just If. you believe in angels on they're angels. Yes. On Earth. Hundred hundred percent. I, I fully am like, you are supposed to be here for these kids. Yes. Their name is Cindy. And they are just like the kindest seeming people. And they take like babies, they take newborns. Like she has taken newborns that are literally like hours old. Oh. Like literally hours old. But she is like, and she treats them like, like you would treat your own newborn. And it's just like she and she like never shows their faces. No. Like she respects their privacy even as newborns. you know what I mean? Like, no matter what And I think they, she also has a podcast.


Oh, does she? And it's called Moms The Word Mom's the Word. And it's a podcast with her friend. Oh, I wanna listen to this. Yeah. So it's called Moms the Word. I wanna start listening to it. I just like, yeah, go check that out. And you can follow like her on Instagram or on TikTok. I think it's them. Hoffer is their thing. And you can donate too. Like I think, I think she has like a link tree and you can donate so that they can put Yeah. Like Amazon things to like, just help with, because she's always like stocking up on things. 'cause she takes kids at like, and that like a moment's notice and at every age. So she's got kind of the stockpile of supplies to be ready for whatever, which obviously she needs to replenish every now and again. Yeah. And I came across her for the first time when I saw, like, I was just flicking through my for you page and That wasn a her before she was about to receive a newborn, a newborn infant in the middle of the night, And I just like couldn't stop watching her because I was like, oh.


Or remember when you found her? Oh my God. Like, and she was just like so lovely. Probably like a year or so ago. Yeah, I remember when Than you found her, I think. Yeah. But yeah, so that, that just bummed me out so much that I was like, I need a happy, like, there's good people. So many good foster parents, like so many good ones. I mean, you hope that like they were good to the kids. I hope so. I, I didn't find anything to say that they weren't. Yeah. But I don't know. But their, their contract with Idaho Health and Welfare ran out in June of 1987. So something happened where, or they, maybe they were like, Hey, we missed that one of you as a convicted murder felon. So, but yeah. Now going back to the unfortunate murder of Preston Murr, given the state of his remains, the autopsy obviously took more than 10 hours to, oh my God.


I can't even fathom what that room looked like. According to the medical examiner, Preston Murr's cause of death was a single gunshot wound to his head from a 3 57 caliber handgun. But the doctor noted that Preston had sustained additional gunshot wounds, including one in his shoulder. But because of the condition of the remains and the amount of time that they'd been submerged in water, also That wasn difficult to determine if there was any other significant trauma to the body. But they were able to say that there was two gunshots. Now, although investigators were fairly certain that Daniel Rogers had committed the murder, it wasn't until they interviewed Preston's girlfriend that the rest of the puzzle kind of came together. According to his girlfriend after threat, the threatening phone call that he got at his sister's apartment, he called Daniel Rodgers.


and Daron Cox who like seemed to be at the very, I don't know if they were like friends. Friends, yeah. But they seemed to be like, they're around acquaintances at the very least, you know, like they know each other. And he believed they would know who threatened him and what he should do about it. And obviously felt like safe going to them. So they met at a local convenience store where the cashier called seeing Preston use the payphone while holding a wooden baseball bat. The three men then returned to Preston's sister's apartment and discussed the fact that several guns had been stolen from Daniel Rogers house. I think there was like a lot of crime going on. Yeah. In this circle, obviously. Damn. So Preston told Daniel that he knew where they might be, where those stolen guns might be.


And after all, after that, all three of them drove around Boise for hours looking for the house where Preston thought the weapons would be, but they just couldn't find it. So he called his girlfriend and he said they were going back to Daniel Rogers house on Lyden Street. Hmm. Now investigators theorize that a little after midnight, Preston and Daniel got into some kind of argument where Preston was shot in the shoulder. And then as he attempted to flee the house, he went to Clinton Sparks door where he left that bloody hand print. But unfortunately, Daniel and Darin caught up with him and dragged him back to the house, leaving that long trail of blood in the street. That holy shit, as you remember, led right to Daniel Roger's door.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities and new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands and thousands of included audiobooks and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without even needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. And I have been in a place of spooky Ooky Ooky with my listening on Audible lately, I've been listening to the September house and I'm nearing the end and it is ramping up. I am so concerned for the main character and her daughter. I dunno what's gonna happen. No spoilers. You guys gotta listen to this. It is a title that will keep you on the edge of you all's seat. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Morbid or text Morbid to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Morbid. Or text Morbid to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash Morbid.


If you're like me, the safety of your home and your loved ones isn't just a priority. It's your everything. The problem is, old school home security systems only take action once something or someone is already inside your home. SimpliSafe Home security is changing that with its new active guard outdoor protection. It's the only home security designed to prevent crimes before they happen. I love that about SimpliSafe. I feel like they're very innovative and they're always looking for ways to kind of like up the safety and up the precautions that you can take. Because with Active Guard, it simply saves 24 7 monitoring agents keep a close watch over your property and they actually stop crimes before they can happen. The cameras use advanced AI to tell the difference between friendly faces like family and neighbors to potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they even get too close to your home. That's why I trust SimpliSafe with my own home security every single day. And I want you to have that same peace of mind. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/ Morbid. That's simplisafe.com/ Morbid. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Now, once they got him back inside, they believed Daniel Rogers shot me in the back of the head. And then he and Darren dismembered Preston's body and they placed his remains in 13 trash bags, which they then dumped in three different locations across Boise. After they disposed of the remains, they went back to the house and attempted to clean up the crime scene. Yeah, I think outside. Yeah. Like they hosed down some stuff outside. It's really lazy business. I don't know what they did inside. I maybe they were very tired after the outside. Yeah. But that accounted for the neighbor witnessing Daniel hosing in his car, the yard and the front porch. So in late July, the ADA County prosecutor Greg Bauer, which I feel like we've encountered another case with him.


Yeah. Sounds it sounded like a very familiar name. Craig Bauer. Greg Bower. Yeah. But Greg Bauer filed it an additional charge of assault against Daniel Rogers for his role in yet another violent crime. The beating of a man named James McMillan, which he had been accused of committing along with his friend James Miller. So they just, they found that and added that charge too. They were just like, you know what, you know you also did this. Yeah. I think in like interviewing people in his life, it probably came up. Yeah. And they were like, let's pile these on. Exactly. Keep 'em in here as long as we can. Well I think they probably saw like, oh, weird that he murdered a man his friend by shooting him in the head and got out in five years. So by the end of the month, Daniel Rogers was arraigned on three separate charges.


One for the drug possession with intent to distribute. One for the assault on Miller and one for the first degree murder of Preston Burr. And he pleaded not guilty on all counts. At a preliminary hearing held in early September, multiple people testified about what they witnessed on the night of Preston's murder, including testimony from multiple detectives who relayed what Darren Cox had told them about the night of the murder. 'cause he sang like a canary. Yeah, of course. According to the, to Boise detective Dave Smith. When the upper torso was thrown in the river, it started floating. Cox was directed by Mr. Rogers to retrieve it and take it to the foothills. Detective Smith testified after his arrest, Cox quote broke down and said he wanted to tell me the truth.


But then later became concerned about his confession. Detective Smith continued. He was worried about what he told me, worried about what was gonna happen to him. I mean, for being around you should be. Yeah. Which is like, you should, yeah. You should give up whatever information you have about somebody's murder, but you should also be worried. But now you gotta be scared because Yeah. Now you're gonna face the consequences and you're both gonna go to prison together. Yeah. So good luck with that. But according to Smith, Darren Cox later led investigators to a local dumpster where he disposed of Preston Murr's upper torso and multiple other items related to the murder. Detective Smith said the stench was very prevalent. There was a lot of blood, two shoes as well as gloves that had blood on them. And further we found one sock.


Ugh. So just like all his stuff just thrown in a dumpster with part of his torso, with part of him. And he's 21 years old. Yeah. That's a big a, like he has his whole life ahead of him. Yeah. Daniel Rogers lawyers, Emil Mehin and John Adams objected to the inclusion of Cox's statements to the police. But That was overruled by the judge who was like, no, I'm pretty sure that's valuable pertinent info. But thanks. Yeah. That's a direct quote. The defense also requested that the judge close the hearing and trial to the media with a member of the defense telling a reporter, I can't even imagine how bad it's gonna be if the media sits in on this. But regardless of their concerns, the judge said, nah, I kept it open.


Oh man. Denied the request. Oh shit. In the months leading up to the trial, the defense team tried again and again to get the trial moved to a new county. And at one point they even moved for a mistrial. After the prosecutor, Greg Bauer quote told jurors that Rogers was in police custody on other charges when he was arrested. And me death, according to Emil Mian Bauers quote, clearly violated the court's ruling and forever tainted the jury panel. But the judge disagreed and declined the motion. Oh wow. So there was like a lot of fuck shit going on. And I. Love that. This judge is just like, no, no, it's fine. Daniel Rogers trial finally started in March of, in early March of 1988. In his opening statement, Bauer gave the jury a brief history of his criminal history.


Despite the judge explicitly disallowing such information and presented the state's theory that at some point after the three men had con gone back to Daniel's house, Daniel and Preston argued over drugs. And Daniel shot Preston to death. The reference to the previous criminal charges and pending drug charges obviously were objected to by the defense. Yeah. They immediately again moved for a mistrial. They were hoping so desperately for a mistrial in this case, hope and wish and praying. But guess what? That was rejected by judge. Of course. That wasn. George Kerry. He said he's not No, he only knows. No, that's it. He's not here to play. That's it. No. Among the various witnesses who testified on behalf of the prosecution were multiple police officers, multiple crime scene technicians who explained the evidence.


That was discovered from the blood in the street to the evidence also collected inside the house. Officer Mike Majors explained to the jury what the search team had discovered on their initial search of the home, which was the gun ammunition and an ax, which Daniel Rogers buried in the garden next to the house. Oh my God. Obviously That was used. Yeah. Similarly, Boise crime lab technician, Darla Shaver presented irrefutable fingerprint evidence. That was collected from the house, including prints on the gun and the very bullets that killed Preston Mer. Holy shit. Similarly, even though D-N-A-D-N-A testing was unavailable to them at the time, the technicians were able to determine all the blood that they found in the house on the street.


And the ax was from the same person with type O blood, which was a match for Preston Mer. Damn. Look at them. I know. And I think it's, that's why I do love them. We cover cases that are like not super modern because they have to work for those. They really do results. Not that I'm saying people now don't have to work. No, of course not. They have a, people now do have a lot more at their disposal to solve these crimes. Yeah. With digital footprints and cameras everywhere. And D-N-A-D-N-A and like all these, you know, familial DNA and all this fun stuff. That is great. And that's what we want. But that's why we always saying like the older cases are just like, they're fascinating to see how they come to the conclusion because they have to be so creative with it.


And you have, like, when you have DNA, it makes or breaks a case. Yeah. Think about like, you had to make or break a case without, without DNA because that wasn't even an option. Yeah. Like it's, it's just crazy to think about. And 1987 doesn't even sound like that long ago. Yeah. But to think that like, wow, they didn't even have DNA testing. Yeah. Like obviously That wasn like in its infancy they were working on it. Yeah. But just that they didn't have it at their disposal yet. Yeah. It's crazy. It is. Crime lab technician. Wally Baker also testified that the bullet removed from Preston me skull was a match for one of the slugs pulled from the doorframe at the scene. And both of those came from Daniel Rogers 3 57 Magnum revolver. And so they asked whether two identical guns from the same manufacturer could produce similar results.


They wanted to see like, oh, maybe we can get something, get something here. But Baker said, even consecutively made barrels are different. Meaning every gun, which I didn't know this And I thought That wasn. Interesting. Every gun that comes off an assembly line is unique in some identifiable way, which is how they could conclusively say that both bullets came from Daniel's gun. Yeah. The inside of a gun barrel has almost like its own fingerprint. Really. When the bullet passes through, it's gonna leave marks that you won't find on a another gun. I never knew that. Yeah. and that so interesting. Yeah. Isn't that interesting? Yeah. How did you know that? Just like criminal justice. I took a ballistics class in, in college once. Cool. Like a, like forensic science had ballistics as part of it.


That's cool. Yeah. I feel like that'd be like very interesting. Yeah. That wasn. Sometimes I'm like, wow, I really wish I paid attention in college or like did something like this, you know? Well that's the thing. That wasn like something I was really interested in. So I liked it so much. Yeah. I just wanted to be a teacher back then. And then I said, I don't know if I wanna do that actually. And then he said, no, And, I said, I think I wanna do hair. But anyway, when it came time for the defense to present their case, they offered a pretty simple, but also very questionable explanation. They said Daniel Rogers didn't kill Preston Murr. Darren Cox did. Oh, there you go. You might as well give it a shot. you know, I think That was probably pointed. The other guy, the only thing they could have done at that point. That's literally all they have. So according to Daniel Rogers, who took the stand in his own defense, interestingly enough, good idea.


He couldn't have participated in this murder. No. Or this dismemberment because he had an extreme phobia of blood. That's, I'm sorry. Real? I'm sorry. He says what guys, I know you think I did this. And I, Know That. Like these bullets were shot from my gun and everything, but I didn't sh I have a gun, but I would never shoot anything 'cause I can't see a bleed because I'm so scared of blood. Blood gives me the icks, so I can't, I'm like, blood makes me go, Ooh, you shot. And that's why I couldn't have done this. You shot your friend in the head and served time for that already. Yeah. Yeah. Like when you shoot someone in the head, I'm willing to bet that's pretty bloody. I gotta know in their like pre-trial stuff, when they're all sitting in this, they practice this.


Like he pitched that idea or somebody gave him that idea and they said, good, good. Break that down. And they all said, good idea. Yeah. Let's, let's have you do that. He literally said direct quote, I can't stand the side of blood. I felt like I was gonna throw up Whoa. And he said he had an extreme phobia. Not just a phobia, an extreme, extreme phobia. I, you know, I doubt it. Yeah. You gotta be quicker than that. I'm just gonna go out and say I doubt it. I gotta, I'm like the man in the, is that the commercial state? Commercial? You gotta be quicker than gotta be quicker than that. That's what I would've, somebody should have just like called depal, not man to show to go. You gotta be quicker than you gotta be quicker than that. That's ridiculous. That's honestly that, that is.


He said, guys, this is our best bet. That's reckless. I got something to say. Reckless behavior. I'm afraid of blood. I couldn't have done this. That's reckless. Testimonial behavior. Tell them, there's no way That wasn me. No, I got phobias. Bloods makes me go's go to throw up. Like, like what? You just remembered a man's body. You the worst. Are you fucking kidding? The worst. He's the worst. Now, during several hours of testimony, Danielle Rogers explained to the jury that That wasn Darren Cox, who had gotten in a fight with Preston while the two were smoking some weed in the basement. And he said he heard he wasn't even there. He was upstairs. Yeah. And he heard the fight escalate from where he was upstairs so far away. And he said by the time he made it down to the basement, which was, you know, so far that Dar Cox had pulled out a knife and was threatening Preston.


And he said, I decided to break it up. He told the jury they weren't paying me a bit of attention at this point. They were fighting and cussing at each other. Of course they were. So he said he fired a warning shot to break up the fight in his own home. Okay. If I was Katherine, I would be, Ooh, honey. Yeah. Oh, warning shots in my house, Uhuh, I'm gonna get ya. But he said that only caused Preston Murr to rush at him, knocking him to the floor on his way up the stairs to flee. But he said, Dar Cox then grabbed the gun from him, from Daniel and chased Preston Murr out onto the street, eventually dragging him back into the house. He said, next thing I do is I try to go and stop them. When I got to the kitchen part of the house, I heard the gun go off.


So he is like, it's weird. I'm always so away when these things are things are happening. It's And, I hear so crazy. It's wild. I'm just like never there. But I'm, I'm around so I can hear things. Yeah. I'm just never close enough to do it. I'm never right there. And it's because I'm so scared of blood. That's the thing. I'm worried somebody's gonna like scrape themselves somewhere and I'm just gonna go, ah. I just, yeah. I just fire warning shots in my own home. Yeah. But in his version events, he was simply an innocent bystander who actually tried to intervene to save Preston Murr. What a hero. Oh wow.


Halloween is just around the corner. But Hulu we is here. Hulu is the streaming home to fresh fall releases that'll creep under your skin. Like immaculate starring Sydnee Sweeney FXs, American Horror Stories, the new thriller film. Hold Your Breath starring Sarah Paulson and FXs Chilling horror thriller Grotesquery. So snuggle into your couch with a pumpkin spice latte and watch all your scary favorites. Turn your Halloween into Halloween and stream till you scream on Hulu. But the problem was that none of the evidence supported his theory or his story. And by all accounts of the two men, That wasn Daniel Rogers, not Darren Cox, who was more likely to react with explosive deadly violence, A good try.


He had a whole fucking full blown history of it. He shot his friend in the head once to shoot your friend in the head and serve time for it, and then kill another man and go up to the jury and to insult them that way. Yeah. By saying, I have a phobia of blood. So couldn't have been me. Like, so what happened when you shot, shot your friend in the head? Couldn't be me. Hello. Yeah. After two weeks of evidence and testimony, the jury deliberated a little more than six hours, which I'm like six hours. And I took you that long. But they found Daniel Rogers guilty of first degree murder. Good. Preston's mother May told reporters, I'm so happy with the Verdict, I'm delighted. And a few weeks later, Daniel Rogers returned to the court and was sentenced to life in prison by Daniel, rightfully so.


Now, based on the outcome of Daniel Rogers trial, which named him as the shooter, Darren Cox retracted his original plea of not guilty and decided to make a deal with the district attorney to plead guilty to charges of being an accessory to a felony and aggravated assault. In exchange for his plea, he got a sentence of five years in prison and a fine of $10,000. My gosh. I just wanna reiterate that this man helped his friend kill somebody and dismemberment their body to the point where it had to fill 13 trash bags. Yeah. Like, come on everybody. And he got five years in prison and a fine. Wow. That's bullshit. That is indeed. But he, in his version event of events, he said he didn't know what was happening until after the assault began.


And after that, Daniel Rogers threatened his life telling him, you're either with me or you're against me. And he interpreted that to mean that Daniel would also kill him if he didn't assist in disposing of the body. Damn. As far as his participation in the murder and mutilation, he said, That wasn more or less for my own safety. you know, more or less I'm like, oh, you dismembered a man for your own safety. Yeah. And more or less, if that helps you sleep at night. It's the more or less for me. Yeah. you know, more casual, just offhand. Yeah. But in the years since this trial, Daniel Rogers has actually tried to have his Verdict overturned and petitioned for a new trial multiple times, claiming among other things that the court abused its discretion in revealing his criminal past. And the jury was biased by media attention, but as of now, he has been un unsuccessful.


Wow. Now the convictions of Daniel Rodgers and Daron Cox for the gruesome murder of Preston Murr should have been the end of this tragic story. But for the House on Lyden Street, That wasn, just the beginning of a new and definitely more macabre status as the Murder Mansion Boise's most notorious haunted house. Ooh. It's kind of unclear at what point the rumors of the haunting began or who started them. but it actually does turn out that Preston Mer is not the first person who died in that house in June of 1952. The Holmes owner, 91-year-old Birdie Sexton, she died in her home. Birdie. I know Birdie's like, like one of my favorite names. She died of natural causes after living in the house for 44 years.


Oh. A few years later. In 19 58, 70 1-year-old John, I think it's Egan, also died in that home. Whoa followed a year later by 90, 89-year-old Ellen Marker. Damn. This is like the Florida of houses so far. Yes, it is. It's just like that retire. Yes. There you go. It's so true. But maybe I hope they were all like comfortable and happy in their home. I know. I hope so too. Yeah. And then the next person to die in the house was murdered. Oh, That was, oh, what a terrible That was murder. Because before that it's just like super old. Yeah. Like people at the end of their lives, at the end of their lives dying of natural causes in the home that they, that they live in presumably love. Yeah, exactly.


Or, you know, feel comfortable in, but it a terrible way to end that. Then a 21-year-old who was shocked, brutally murdered and brutally killed and That was nearly 30 years after Ellen Marker had passed away. Geez. Despite the gap in years and decidedly different circumstances of deaths, this group would serve as the basis for the rumors of the haunting at 8 0 5 Lynden. I mean, I get it. I would also wonder, it feels like it's a recipe here in 2012, local news channel, KBOI interviewed the Holmes new owner, Deanne Davis. She hadn't experienced anything unusual herself, but she was well aware of the rumors about her house. She told them living there, I don't, I really don't feel that I was ever afraid or felt That. wasn haunted. But there are so many stories that everyone else is convinced it is.


Well maybe you're not afraid because they're like all happy ghosts. Exactly. Nice ghosts. you know, that's what you would hope. Yeah. For the most part, she and her children had no reservations about living in a house where something that tragic had happened, but even they weren't immune to the stories and speculation about the house. One of her daughters said, I feel there's something kind of there. And kind of not. When I went into the basement, That wasn dark, And I was scared. And when I went in there I was like, get me out. Get me out. Because I felt there was something there. And, I didn't want to go near it. I mean, yeah. Which I feel like there's gotta be some kind of vibe there. Yeah. Even if it's not like haunted or like, you know, like malevolent, you know, it's like Right. It's just a vibe that something's there.


Because like the energy, they always say the energy that's dark energy, that like that's dark sided. That's dark sided. That's sinister, babe, what happened in there? Yeah. And, I feel like that stuff doesn't just like go way dissipate. you know? Dissipate. Exactly. But according to Deanne Davis, from the moment she moved in with her kids in 2008, they were constantly asked by the neighbors and even paranormal enthusiasts if they would ever open the house for tours. No. Would you be like, it's my literal home. No, that's a, that's a wild thing to ask sometimes. Imagine asking, don't ask your neighbors. Imagine walking up to your neighbor and being like, are you ever gonna like open this place up for tours? Yeah. Like your house is fucked up. You ever think having people trumps through it for a couple bucks?


Like it's like what things? No. It's also like older people died here at the end of their lives. Yeah. And then a poor young man was brutally murdered. What's there to see? Yeah. You just wanna walk through my house so you can feel if it's creepy. I'm not getting like what? I think it's the rumors that Yeah. Really added to everything. Oh yeah. But she said it had a lot of fame that people would want to come by and have a tour of the house. It's like third, it's listed like third in the United States as haunted houses. Is it? I don't. Maybe at that time. As of 2016. Yeah. I'm not sure if it still is. But according to the lifelong Boise resident and content creator for Boise Radio Station 1 7 9 Light FM Michelle Hart said, there are so many rumors about the house.


Everything from a cray serial killer who killed multiple people in the home to it being a frat house for Boise State, where brothers frequently saw blood running down the walls. Oh, we got more of that. Yep. That's fun. Just stories of a woman dressed in clothes from the 18 hundreds standing in the window. Okay. Which is interesting. None of that makes sense. No, but, all right. Nope. She did clarify that the house was actually never used as A BSU frat house. Good. But its association with the MUR murder gives it a certain legitimacy and credibility that allows that speculation in the rumors to grow. And the year since Daniel Rogers was sentenced, the house has been owned by a handful of people. And not a lot of those people put a lot of effort or money into its curb appeal, which kind of only added to the notoriety because it looked creepy.


'cause then it starts looking a little haunted. Yes. According to Hart, there are multiple vehicles parked on the property. What appears to be trash piled in the second story window. Broken windows and debris all over the front porch. I mean, that'll do it. Yeah. Not great. While Hart herself has never gone into the house or onto the property, she's been collecting stories from those who supposedly have. And one story from a wo, a young woman named Lacey, her best friend's father owned the house and hired his daughter and some friends to do some yard work and cleaning. And she said, we worked there for about a week. Nothing weird ever happened when I was inside, but I did not want to go near the basement. Hmm. And then others had more detailed experiences. According to one of Hart's respondents referred to as Dan D, we were upstairs in one of the side bedrooms when we heard someone walk upstairs.


Didn't think much of it. Thought That wasn the roommate. But then we heard it again, And. we never heard anyone go downstairs. Me and my friend B went to check it out. We thought That wasn, someone breaking into the house. We checked everything out, don't see anyone. So we go and stand on the porch to let whoever was there know or watching if he comes back. I just thought I was tired until Bee asked me if I was seeing this stuff too. We figured out that we weren't looking for a person. I stepped out into the front yard and look up to the main bedroom upstairs. And the window is a big black, oily looking thing. Ooh. I doubt what I'm seeing until it moves back toward the dresser. Stops, goes to the door and disappears. Oh, that's creepy. An oily looking thing. A big black, oily looking thing.


Ugh. Hate it. Now. Like Dan d, another respondent, Christie also saw inexplicable things in the windows. She said, when I lived on Leadville, when I was a kid, I saw a woman in an upstairs window banging on it. Oh. It looked like she was screaming, but there were no sounds. Oh, that's terrifying. Horrifying. That's chilling. So a lot, for a lot of people, it's like, it seems like people who don't live in the house have experiences. Yeah. But for those who actually lived in the house, the experiences are much less supernatural. And they just have more of like an ominous feeling. So there it is. It's the vibes. But yeah, there's definitely something there. According to a BSU student who rented a room in the house, the basement was creepy and had a weird feeling to it.


We would take people down there to scare them. I never saw any ghosts, but you could tell something wasn't quite right. And it's the basement. The basement. Which, yeah. Which makes sense. Yeah. That's where like the really bad shit happening. Exactly. So whether or not the house is truly haunted is a matter of debate. But for those who are interested in finding out for themselves, they actually might finally have the chance. In spring. In the spring of 2024, mark Iversson, the creator and tour guide of Ida, Ida history, began advertising upcoming tours of the house on Linden Street. And according to him, he quote hit it off with the homes owner. And the two of them are working together on opening the inside of the home for tours. And a portion of the proceeds from the tour will reportedly benefit the preservation of the mansion and the property.


Which is nice. That's good that it'll go back to like Yeah. Taking care of the property. Yeah. 'cause it sounds like for a long time the property like wasn't being maintained or taken care of. Yeah. And That wasn. And that's also feeding into all like the lore. Yeah, exactly. And shit. So it's like, that's better. Yeah, I think so too. Wow. But what a story. Huh? That is a tale. It's a tale. I've never heard of that. I never had. I've never even heard of this place. Dave suggested it actually. Yeah. Dave always comes out with these things that I'm like, well shit. Well shit, Dave. Thanks. Oh shit. Dave, did you end up seeing if That wasn on a list anywhere? I looked. I'm not seeing it on any of the lists I'm looking on, but there's so many lists now. It could be on another one that I'm like, it it.


Who knows which one that person was looking at. Yeah. I looked at one point. And I didn't see it. But yeah, it's really just on like Idaho things. That makes sense. Probably like one of the most haunted places in Idaho. Yeah, for sure. But wow, what a tale. What a ta. What a sad, sad tale. Yeah. I don't know if I would want to go poor Preston. Yeah, that's the thing, the like what happened to Preston was like so like brutal and senseless and that he was running down the street trying to get help. I know. And like those poor people who like, you know, poor Clinton. Yeah. Like poor Clinton like, like nobody blames that. You like hesitated for a second. Like no, he did the right thing and called the police. I mean the, he did. Yeah. The dispatcher.


If anybody failed. Yeah. Real bad. Truly like That was. Yeah. That dispatcher failed. Fuck. Not a great dispatcher moment. Sorry. But like poor Clinton poor. The people who, you know, like that's, that's rough. The neighborhood. But damn, waking up to that. And your neighborhood's just a trail. It's big house of a house too. Yeah, it's, it's huge. If. you look it up. It's a big, it is a mansion. It's, I was just gonna say, yeah. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. An interesting tale altogether, but in a tragic tale. Really scary one. Yeah. That is the murder of Preston Burr and the Boise. Murder. Mansion. So keep an eye. 'cause you might be able to take a tour. If, you want to. Yeah. If that's what you're thinking you wanna do, that's your deal. If. you live in Boise. Yeah. I love saying Boise. Boise Boise. It's Boise.


I dunno. I just like it. It's Boise Idaho. I hope you like Boise too. And I. Hope you keep listening. I hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you don't just keep talking about this happens, talking this all day now. All love you. Bye bye.


Bye.


Weirdos.


Did you guys hear the good news? The good news? We are so excited to be partnering with Spencer's in a new Morbid line available online and in store right now. Honey, they got blankets, they got jewelry, they have the COMT sweatshirts. I've been living in my sweatshirts from them and the pajam jam bottoms. you know, I love a good Pajam jam. Also, there is a beauty palette and some makeup brushes. OMG. So exciting. I'm obsessed. Go buy everything. I have one of everything. And so should you. Best of all, Spencer's is offering 20% off one item when you use the code. Spencer's Morbid, S-P-E-N-C-E-R-S. you know how to spell Morbid for any online order Now through October 20th, go buy Morbid shit at Spencer's. At Spencer's. Go buy your Morbid shit at Spencer's. At Spencers


If. you like Morbid. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


There are lots of people you might wanna share a verbal with. You may wanna do a romantic getaway, enjoy a beach house with friends or book a trip for the whole family. But one person you'll never wanna share your stay with is the host. When you book a vrbo, the host doesn't stay with you. So the only people you'll share the space with are your people. vrbo, private vacation rentals, relax. You booked a vrbo, The.