
Hey weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus Today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial@audible.com slash Morbid.


Do you experience bouts of money, stress? Do you avoid your bank balance like it's a text from your ex? Do you feel guilt? And second guess about your spending. If you answered yes, you may be suffering from financial funk. YN spelled YNAB is a life-changing app designed to cure financial funk with a simple method that offers total control of your money. The average YNA user reports saving close to $600 in their first month and 6,000 in their first year. Side effects may include less financial stress, getting better sleep, and eliminating arguments about money. Warning, using Y NAB may be habit forming before starting. Ask your wallet if adding more joy to every day and every dollar is right for you. Listeners of Morbid Can claim an exclusive three month trial subscription for free with no credit card required@www.yn.com slash Morbid. That's www y nab.com/ Morbid. Life is short. Spend it well with YN.


Hey weirdos. I'm Alina. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid. It sure is, honey. It sure is. Honey. You know what else is Morbid? The fricking crick in my neck. That's pretty Morbid. It's so Morbid. Pretty Morbid. Mobbed. Mobbing. Mobbing. It's pretty macabre macabre in these macabre, you said. So what's, what's, what's blowing your skirt up? What's blowing my skirt up? These anything?


You know, it's a big real season. Real Housewives. There's so many Real Housewives on right now. Oh, I love that. For you. New York is on, Potomac is on doing pretty good Steady Potomac season. There you go. SLC is popping the fuck off. Might I say that this might be my favorite season of SLC that's ever happened. Wow. I love the new housewife Bronwyn. There you go. Yep. And then what other one is on right now? Why can't I think things? Oh, OC, OC just had a fucking banger of a season And I think that the season finale might be this week. Wow. Really looking forward to the reunion.


So Bravo Heads. It's Real Housewives season. Yeah. Have at it. And let's just hope that New York gets better. What are you guys doing? I really, I couldn't, I tried. I I og New York cast, girly. Oh, same. Once it flipped over, I was like, no. Like those women raised me essentially. Literally did like those, those women raised me. And then I said, for, for better or for worse, they raised me. Yeah, it's okay. I, I still like, literally I was watching the season with Jules the other day. Oh, I love the old se. I'll watch them over and over. That's one of my favorite seasons. It's just chaos. Yeah. I really wanted to be, And I was, I was excited for the new, like the new reboot of New York And it was fine.


Like, I was like, okay, season one. It wasn't like my favorite thing ever. I Season two, I hate change. So I couldn't even bother Ben Mandelker. I have to pull it up really quickly because he had a tweet that explained exactly what Ben, Ben and Ronnie for life. Yeah. Ben and Ronnie for life. If you're a Bravo head, we've mentioned them before, but just in case you're like just joining or something. If you're a Bravo head, go listen to watch What Crap with Ben and Ronnie. Oh my God. They're fucking hilarious. And they cover all the Bravo shows and they're so funny. They're just lovely humans as well. Oh my God. And if you're looking for like a campy, like just, I don't even know how to describe them. They're like indescribable because I love them so much.


And you got me into them. Laura and Carrie. Oh, sup from Sup. Yeah. Sexy Unique podcast. They cover OC and SC and they're just hilarious. Me and Drew, listen to those recaps. Cry. Laughing. Yeah. Like through genuine, like streams of tears. Oh, huge. Huge. Laura and Carrie fan forever. Love. Never. But Ben, this, this sums up the difference between Real Housewives of Orange County and Real Housewives of New York. Okay. So he tweeted RHOC. You told everybody. I pushed Travis down the stairs. Her daughter told Emily's kids that, I'm mean, You did a background check on Ryan, the FBI is investigating. You talked about my bloody face photo. Are you gonna put a hit out on me? And then Real Housewives of New York.


I made a pavlova. It's literally all that's happened. Wow. It's only been two episodes, so I'm hoping for more. But that's my Real Housewives recap for you guys. Damn. How are you? Well, shit, what's going on in your life? You gave a lot for, that was good. That was good information. That was good. Rex. I'm always here to give insight. Give the Bravo Rex. Yeah. I love that. And our Bravo heads listening. Love that. Yeah. So Hell yeah. Hi friends. We're well balanced here. What, what's going on in your neck of the woods? Well, I just saw a really cool thing on TikTok And I was really excited to share it. 'cause I think people listening will be like, holy shit. 'cause I was, tell me everything, I guess Blumhouse is doing like this. Cool. It's a, it's an insidious like, live horror experience.


Ooh. And I think they're doing, I'm bringing the thing up right now. 'cause I, I wanted to give you guys the right information. 'cause I was just, I kept following tiktoks about it And I was like, can I, I want to do this. I love an immersive experience. Yeah. It's like a tour. They're going in like over 80 cities in North America next year. Damn. Yeah. It looks cool. Like a haunted house kind of vibe. Yeah. I think it's just like this, like immersive. Like you're gonna be like surrounded by Insidious, essentially. Oh, I'm obsessed with that. It just looks too, the idea of it was just too cool not to mention. Yeah. And blog post. I feel like I love everything that they do do. And I think that there's tickets on sale now. I think so. I, I want to go. I'll go with you. I'm looking at, And it, I'm like, I want tickets to this coming to a city near you.


And I'm looking right now. Is it in our city bitch? It's in our city. It's coming to Boston at the Colonial. Oh. Oh shit. That's a menu. We gotta get tickets. Well, we are getting tickets. We're going see you there. We're absolutely going. If you are not there, you are square. That's very true. You're not weird of, and this is just, this is just me. I've just found it. I just wanted to tell you guys about it. So I like, I like that ex. This is just me. I just found that this is just, I just wanted you to know you talking about horror shit and you ta me talking about Bravo. This is just us. This really is just us. This is the dichotomy of our podcast. I figured, you know what, that was blowing my skirt up at the moment. That idea of that. So share it. That's one of my favorite expressions ever. I got it from you. You were, I've heard it before, but you used it recently.


And it, And it tickled me. I used it on the car ride home the other night because Drew loves to say that things didn't blow his skirt up. And I love that. And it's so funny 'cause Drew doesn't wear skirts, so it just, it it just, even me lu I like that. Yeah. Well, you know what doesn't blow my skirt up. Jerry Brudos. Jerry Brudos. He also does not blow my skirt up. No, he's, but it's a fascinating true crime case. That's the, I will say, that's the thing. It's a fascinating case. It's a horrific case and it's only gonna get worse. Oh. And part two is really gonna take it there. So I just need everybody to know that. I'm just really looking forward to him getting apprehended because I, that's my always, my favorite part of the story is like when the police close in. And I don't know how that happens here.


So Pop sister's interesting. So when we last left, you was when we, he had already kidnapped and murdered Linda Slauson and Jan Whitney. So he's already escalated to horrific acts. And he's doing these, I mean, he's strangling, he's hanging them up by their neck. He's dressing them in other women's clothing that he has stolen all around his career. Like keeping, taking lots of, he's taken one of their feet and kept it. And he dumps them in a river afterwards and weighs them down. Like he's a fucking brutal dude. He was going to try to make a paperweight out of one of their breasts.


Yes. I'll never able that. And that was the last time he's gonna do that. So what? Yeah. Oh God. So on the afternoon of March 27th, 1969, 19-year-old Karen Sprinker left her home and she was on her way to the Meyer and Frank department store in Salem, Oregon. That day she had made plans to have lunch with her mom and to do some shopping for spring clothes. 'cause she was gonna be going back to school. And she wanted to have like an additions to her wardrobe. Yeah. She actually had big plans of a medical career as a doctor. And she was brilliant. She was so smart. She had everything going for. She graduated second highest in her high school class. Like wow. She was going places.


Jerry Brudos had also gone out that afternoon just driving around doing his disgusting troll thing. He was looking for women, particularly near the Meyer and Frank department store. Mm. That's when he spotted a specific woman. This woman was not Karen. He said later that he couldn't take his eyes off of this woman. He said quote, I had to have her. He told detectives later that, but by the time Jerry had parked his car in the, it was like a multi-tiered parking garage. Yeah. By the time he had found a spot and parked his car, the woman had disappeared inside the store. Thank goodness. So he missed his chance for her. We will not know who that woman is, but I'm like, somebody out there has no idea.


Possibly Yeah. That they were a second away. Like, you have to wonder how often that happens. That's the thing that, like something just, you know, intervention. Yeah, yeah. Like some kind of intervention just gets in the way. Yeah. Yeah. So as Jerry was walking back to his car, he was going back to his car to leave. Like he was gonna be like, he was like, fuck, I miss my chance. I'm leaving. Right, right. But as he's walking back to his car, just by chance he notices Karen Sprinker getting out of her car. Oh no. And he later said, I didn't like her shoes, but she was a pretty girl with lawn dark hair. Now Jerry and Karen were walking towards one another. She was headed to the inside to the de like the department store.


And he was headed to the parking lot. And when she got to the front door of the department store, he suddenly grabbed her by the shoulder out of nowhere, just walking by a dude. And he just grabs you. And you're, she's almost in the store. Like she's literally, so what It is, is there's like a stairway that goes from the parking lot garage in to right to the front door. Okay. So it's like this stairway that is just like door at the bottom of the stair that goes right into the department store. Right. And then right here. And she's right there. She was going down there and he was like, it was literally like seconds away from that door. Oh. And it's like nobody saw anything. No. Nobody saw anything. So he grabbed her by the shoulder and he shoved the barrel of a pistol into her rib. Oh my God. And he told Karen to come with him quietly and he wouldn't shoot her.


So she did exactly that. Because I can't imagine, why wouldn't you being in that position? Why? Well, and you honestly, I feel like you just have to comply. Yeah. When somebody has a gun to your, anywhere on your body, my personal advice to you is never let someone take you to a second location. Yeah. Do whatever you can and you can help it, obviously do whatever. And that's what I mean. Like, do whatever you can to stop that from happening. Which also, Karen also did try to stop that from having, she fought like hell. Yeah. So do that. Like, don't let somebody take you to a second location that is far worse than something happening to you right there. Yeah. So kick, scream, do whatever you gotta make, do make the most noise you can possibly make if something like this happens.


Literally the most noise, scratch it. Eyeballs. Do whatever you gotta do. Scream fire. Yeah. Scream. Exactly. So, 'cause it's that second location when they get you in a car, they're taking you somewhere else that it's gonna be a lot harder when they have the upper hand in a second location. Yeah. And now you're somewhere where you weren't initially going, so they can't track you. Right. But what she didn't know, and what she had no way of knowing was that the pistol he was using was a toy. Oh. Oh no. But it looked like a Of course. Real. And you're not gonna, you're not gonna question that. Assume in the moment. Assume. Yeah. So when Karen failed to show up for lunch that afternoon, her mother became alarmed very quickly. And she waited more than an hour at the restaurant.


She searched around, she checked the parking lot. And that's where she discovered Karen's car locked and abandoned. Karen's father, Lucas reported her missing later that day. And police opened an investigation pretty immediately. 'cause they were like, she wasn't running away. She was coming to meet me for lunch. Right. Like, her car is here. Right. Something happened. Yeah. The first lead came in quickly when a young woman matching Karen's description was actually seen at the Southern Pacific Railroad Station with two men. It wasn't Karen Right. But matched her description. One of these people bought tickets to San Francisco for all three of them. And the ticket clerk remembered the three young people and told detectives it didn't look like the girl was being forced to accompany them.


She looked like she was willing to go there. But Karen's mother was like, and they were really going with this lead. And Karen's mother was like, no, she wasn't running away. Like, this isn't No. And please everybody fucking believe her. Yeah. She said to them, something happened to that girl from the time she parked her car on the ramp before she could get into the store. Wow. And he, she just knew. She was like, she didn't make it into that car, into that store. Right. Now, once Karen was taken back to Jerry Bruno's basement of Horrors, he sexually assaulted her. Then he forced her to dress in the stolen underwear and shoes while he photographed her. He took a lot of photographs of Karen. He made her change several times. This was a very long, drawn out, torturous process for her.


The photos are heartbreaking. Yeah. Because it's clear. I mean, it's just of her face. Right. But 'cause they've obviously cropped it. Yeah. But it's clear that she's just in complete shock and doesn't know how to get out of the situation. Yeah. That's not something like, it's a horrifying photo. Just 'cause of her face. Not something I would want to see. No. I don't recommend going to look for it, but I'm, it's just, it's awful. Yeah. What he did to these women. Because you can tell like, how do you get out of that? You're in his basement. I have no idea. What do you do? And it's like, you don't know if you comply. If you, if I comply, maybe he's gonna let me leave. Like, you know. That's right. Like, maybe he just wants this. Yeah. There's so many things that must be running through your head. When he was done photographing her against her will he looped a rope around Karen's neck and through the other end, over the hoist in the basement ceiling.


'cause he had created this whole like, looping pulley system now what the fuck? Where he could hoist someone up. He then hoisted her up just enough for her feet to not touch the ground. Literally. So her toes were scraping the ground. Yeah. And then he left her to strangle to death while he went upstairs and watched cartoons and spent time with his family. So they were just upstairs while this was going on. Okay. So he just went upstairs, spent time with his family's kids, wife watched cartoons while there is a woman str, strangling slowly, slowly to death in their basement. That, I don't know how you, I don't know how the human brain can allow you to hurt somebody like that and to like also hurt your family at the same time.


Like that's, yeah. That's fucking with your family too. Oh yeah. I like, that's just, and it's just like such conflicting pieces of your brain. Right. How are they turned on at the same time? I don't even, I don't know about the pathways in Jerry Bruno's brain. Well, later he returned to the basement to repeatedly violate Karen's body. Yeah. As he had daughter. And she had died at that point. Yeah. She had died. She strangled to death by that point. He had developed a routine. So he spent the next few days photographing her body just like he had done and violating it in other ways. 'cause remember, he is a necrophiliac. And before disposing of Karen's body, he sliced off both of her breasts because he wanted to try to make the paperweights again.


When the time came to get rid of her body, Jerry waited her down with mechanical parts like an engine from like an old car and stuff. Yeah. And dumped her in the long Tom River. I don't know what happened with the paperweights of it all. I think it's better that we don't know. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't go too far into whether they worked or not. Whether he was able to finally do it for his sake. I hope. No. Yeah. Definitely not. So several months would pass before Karen's body was discovered in May. Wow. By then she had been in the water way too long for the medical examiner to get much information about her remains. Her cause of death was listed as death by traumatic asphyxiation. Wow.


When you, so obviously like it becomes harder because like you get water logged, will your teeth disintegrate faster and water too? No. No. Your teeth will pretty much hang out at the same time. Yeah. Now, unlike the other bodies who were discovered without clothing, Karen was actually fully clothed when she was found. So he redressed her obviously. So, yeah. It, but was what was even weirder was the clothing didn't belong to her And it clearly didn't belong to her. Was it his wife? The sizing of the undergarments, for example, were much larger than anything Karen owned or would reasonably be wearing. Okay. Also, when the medical examiner removed the 38 D size bra, which was not her size, quote, Soden lumps of brown paper toweling dropped out revealing that Jerry had cut off.


Karen. This is when they found out that he had cut off Karen's breast. Right. And then stuffed a bra to make her chest appear larger with paper towels. Oh. And all this clothing was clothing taken from other women. Okay. And some of it was like other women he had murdered. Yeah. He dressed her in this man. Yeah. Yeah. That's just, yep. Now less than a month passed before Jerry was back out on the prowl. Less than a month. Holy shit. April 21st, Jerry attacked a 24-year-old woman, Sharon Wood, in a parking garage. As she was leaving work, he walked right up behind her and put a pistol in her back, telling her that if she didn't scream, he wouldn't shoot her.


But she said, fuck that. And she fought real hard. Hell yeah. She, she basically was like, I was not, she was having a bad day and she was like, I was in no mood to deal with this bullshit. So he tried to choke her out. He put an arm around her, like, and literally tried to put her in like a sleeper hold. And she just bit down super hard on his hand. Wow. Like drew blood from his thumb, like, that's so hard. And just screamed. She just kept on screaming. And luckily a car drove in as this was happening. And she was able to get away because he ran.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Don't Ms. Good American family. We have a little girl here for adoption. She has dwarfism Starring Ellen Pompeo and Mark Dulo. Something is off. She's just a little girl. You think she's Faking? She has adult teeth. There are signs of puberty Inspired by the shocking stories. The Torah family apart. I Don't know What's going on. How old are you? You should get a lawyer. You have no idea how those people hurt This girl. The Hulu original series, good American family premier's March 19th streaming on Hulu.


Can you imagine how traumatizing that experience would be? How do you move on from that? How do you ever park your fucking car in a parking garage again? Or go in public or do anything exactly by yourself. Like, I would never wanna be alone again. No, I don't. Th I I'm sure that happens a lot with survivors. Oh sure. Of like attacks like this. Like, they probably don't wanna do anything by themselves. Absolutely. And luckily he, so he ran away and then on the afternoon of April 22nd, the next day, very next day, he tried to abduct a 15-year-old girl and force her into his car. He's disgusting. But she got away. Wow. Which she was able to run away. He also tried to kidnap a fucking 12-year-old on her way to school.


Oh my God. Literally grabbed her and was trying to throw her in his car and she saw a neighbor working in the yard. She's on her way to school. Yeah. A 12-year-old. Yeah. Like a sixth or seventh grader. Literally saw a neighbor working in her yard and was able to break free from him and run directly into this neighbor's arms. Like this neighbor just grabbed her talk about timing. Yes. And it's like, what? He was gonna do this to a 12-year-old. Well it seems like he was trying to look for somebody like more vulnerable. Easier to overtake more vulnerable. Easier. Yeah. That was one of the things they said about him later was if you put up too much of a fight with him, he would like, like that would throw him off deter.


'cause he wanted the easy like thing. Right. Or what he determined to be the easy thing. So that's why like, they all fought, like most of them fought to some extent. You know what I mean? Of course. But it was like, if you somehow were able to like, get someone else involved or get, 'cause as soon as someone else became involved, he was a whitton flower. He did. Yeah. Like he was a little bitch. Right. So it's like if he got you a loan, he was more likely to overpower you no matter what. But if you could get someone else's attention or like break free somehow he was out of there. He was out of there. And it's just like a fucking 12 year. You are going to bring a 12-year-old back to your fucking basement of horrors. I can't get over that. Like, I'm like, yeah, well you literally have like two children, literally your father.


Yeah. Like, that's disgusting and horrific no matter what. But you're, you add the layer of the fact that he has his own children. He is. I mean he, he, I don't think there enough credit is put on how bad this guy is. Yeah. Like, I think it gets overshadowed a lot by like, oh, he's the shoe guy. Yeah. Like he's the shoe fetish guy, but there's a lot more to it. And that's like the, ugh, what a weird part of this story. And it's like, yeah. Yeah. That's real weird. Do you know what else he did? Like It is just like, you gotta look at what this fucker did. Like he's gross. Right? He's awful. He's a fucking necrophiliac. Oh, he's a fucking demon. And it's cra like you were just saying, the the shoe thing definitely overtakes this story because I, I know who Jerry Brudos is. I've heard the story.


Yeah. But I actually forgot that he was a necrophiliac. Yes. That's a And it's like the shoe thing is a big deal. Yeah, of course. 'cause it's like he, that is a, a massive part of his pathology and it's a massive part of what he fetishizes and what he does. And it seems like why he became who he was, you know, ex Exactly. And you heard what he said with, you know, with Karen Sprinker. Right. She, he said, I didn't like her shoes. Right. But she was pretty Yep. But like, he, he had to comment on the shoes. Like, I didn't like her shoes. Yeah. So it was a massive part of his pathology. So I'm not knocking the fact that like, that's a big part of this, And it should be big part of it much more. But like, I feel like it, he, it doesn't get known how bad he was.


He was disgusting. Yeah. So after trying to abduct a 12-year-old and failing. Right. Just one day later, he's like desperate. On April 23rd, Jerry drove over to Portland where he spotted 22-year-old Linda Sally loading bags on into her car in the parking lot at the Lloyd Center, armed with that same toy pistol and now a fake police badge. Oh. He approached Linda and he flashed the badge and he told her that he was a store detective with the Lloyd Center and he was taking her into custody for shoplifting. What? So Linda was like, what are you talking, I didn't shoplift anything. Like, no, I like you have the wrong person.


But he was very insistent and she was always one to follow the rules. Yeah. She didn't go against authority, so she went with him. Well, you're not gonna like run away from what you think as a police officer. No. And that's, and of course not. And later after his arrest, Jerry commented on this and said, she didn't fight me at all. She just got into my car. Well, why would she, because you were pretending to be a detective fucking alley. Like making it seem like, like it was so weird. She didn't do anything. You're making it seem like you're a detective, which is the entire reason that you came up with that plan in the first place. Remember this is in the sixties. It's like people, like, we're just coming outta the fifties here. People are taught to recite even now. But it's like, yeah. Especially back then, you were taught to respect police officers.


Well, and especially as a woman, you didn't have a lot of fucking figures back then. That's the thing. So it's like Of course she did. Yeah. Oh, it's so annoying. And she apparently, according to him, remained completely silent. The whole drive. She didn't even speak up when it was clear that they had passed the Portland City limits and crossed into Salem. Well, she's probably just trying to figure out how the fuck to get out of there. She's probably in complete shock. Yeah. And terrified. And still being like, is he a detective? Like he flashed a badge. Like what's going on? Where we, so they pulled into his home and she still didn't say anything. And once he'd led Linda into the basement workshop is what he called it, he tied her up with rope and then went back into the house to have dinner with his family while she was tied up. And they just like, they never heard screams or anything like that.


I guess not. Like they've never heard struggles. I'm shocked by it, to be honest. Yeah. Not the kids obviously, but No, not the kids, but Ralph. Ralph, I'm, you've never heard anything, which again, like we've seen that happen. I mean yeah, it happens for sure. But this is just like, whoa. Because I feel like a lot of times, like when, when somebody's like, yeah, I, I didn't know anything is when they're, it wasn't happening in the house. Right. Like when they're bringing back people that they've already killed. Yeah. But the fact that he like dragged this girl into the basement and tied her up and then was like, okay, dinner time. Yeah. It's just strange. That's what's confusing to me is like he's bringing live women back to his house. Right. To murder in his basement. Right. And it's like, there's times where there is like, you know, his wife is home.


Well also, like, I mean, maybe this is just me, but like, you hear a car pull in the driveway, I look at my camera or before cameras, I would look out the shades Yeah. To eat. Like, I, I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. Unless he's picking specific times where ine isn't home when he pulls in. Right. So she just comes home and gets home and starts dinner. He just walks upstairs and It is none the wiser. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's possible. No, definitely. It's just, I'm like, damn. It's also just a, another thing of how bold and brazen he is. Oh yeah. And how completely like having no re he's remorseless. Yeah. No shame. Like he doesn't, he walks upstairs and has dinner with his family, knowing what's happening down there, knowing somebody else's child is downstairs in his basement.


Right. Like it's, you know what I mean? Like that's just fucked up. He's looking at his wife a, a woman he claims to love and has another woman downstairs in his basement. A daughter and a cutter. Yeah. So this asshole had dinner with his family and then he just goes back downstairs to the basement. And Linda had actually freed herself from her ropes somehow, but she was just sitting there on the couch. Okay. Hadn't tried to run away, you know, nothing like that. She likely believed he was going to let her go eventually. Yeah. He, he, what bothered me about this is he made it seem, and he had like a habit of doing this, where he would sit there with detectives and be like, yeah, it's so weird.


She just sat there. She didn't even try to get away. She didn't even try to use the phone. And it's like, I think what you're failing to tell us you big piece of shit is that you probably told her several times if you just stay put, I'll let you go and listen to what I say. You're gonna go home to your family tonight. Right. And it's like, he's making it seem like these dumb women didn't do anything. Didn't like, of course I killed her. And it's like, first of all, you told her you were a detective, so she probably had no fucking clue what was going on. Yep. And it's like, don't tell me that you didn't give her some kind of idea that if she just listened and didn't fight back Right. That you were gonna let her go. It pisses me off so much. 'cause he did the thing was like, it's, yeah. It's crazy. She just got in my car. You flashed her a badge. Right? Of course You did.


And said you had to take her downtown. Like, come on. Yeah. This one is very un graphic. They're all very unsettling and graphic. But this one just has like an added element into it, just so you know. Okay. So it was, she just kind of was sitting there when he came downstairs, probably hoping that he was just gonna be like, okay, you can go now. Let's, let's get you home. It was only when Jerry pulled out a big belt, like a leather strap and tried to get it around her neck. That Linda lost it. Yeah. She started resisting kicking, scratching at every part of him that she could, which again, she's yelling, she's fighting in his basement. Like there's nothing over her mouth to stop her from yelling in his home basement. Yeah.


But she was fighting the whole time and he finally did get it around her neck and he strangled her to death. But she fought hard. Yeah. He did what he did to all the other women that he killed. He violated Linda's body. He photographed her and then he hung her up by her neck on the usual pulley system, her body. And while she hung there, he placed needles into her rib cage on either side. What? And attached those two wires and an electrical current attached to a large battery. What? And what he was hoping to do there was, he was hoping that by doing that and like sending the electrical current through there, that he would make her body like jump or dance Yeah.


On the pulley. Like animate it, what in some way. What a fucking weirdo. Yeah. And it didn't do that. It just burnt her skin, which she was upset to find out. That's just so sad. It reminds me of the hillside strangler stranglers with the, the use, the usage of like electrical and experimentation like that and stuff, and how they just, and the way they are so fucking callous and cold about it later just being like, what I want to see what would happen? It's like, this is a person. Yeah. Like what are you doing? Right. Like, what the fuck? So a few days later, Jerry waited Linda's body down with another old engine that he could find and dropped her body into the long Tom River as well, not far from where he had dumped Karen Sprinkler's body.


And then he just went home. Now with the recent disappearances of Jan Whitney and Karen Sprinker and the attempted abductions just a few days earlier, like one after the other. Yeah. Linda Sally's disappearance was taken pretty seriously. Right. Like right away. Like the other, the other women, I feel like they were like, oh, maybe they were in a, oh it's a one off. But now they were like, oh shit, these might be connected now when you have three. It's like, okay. Yeah. Like start looking at it. And, and not only three women who have turned up missing, but all other disappearances and other assaults and other, and attempts. Exactly. Now everyone who knew Linda described her as very stable and very reliable.


Hardly the type of person that would run off without telling anyone. So finally they listened to people who knew her good. And also Linda's car was discovered abandoned in a parking lot, which definitely supported the theory that she was taken away from where she was and that she didn't run away with it. Yeah. Now, whether he was in a rush or was just careless, Jerry failed to notice how shallow the part of the water was. Where he dumped Linda's remains. About two weeks later on May 10th, two men fishing on the long Tom River noticed something partially submerged in the water. Okay. When they got closer, they realized it was the partially nude body of a young woman.


Her remains had been tire tied to an auto transmission. They, it was tied using a nylon cord and copper wiring. Oh. Which he used for all of them. And that was gonna be something that tied him to it. Oh, okay. Because he was very, those are very specific things. Nylon cord copper wiring. Yeah. It's not like a regular rope. No. So by the time the body was discovered, decomposition and the effects of, you know, being in the water had made Linda's face largely unrecognizable. Investigators thought it could actually have been Karen Sprinker at first. And ironically, it was just two days later while investigating that same area for evidence, you know, in Lin in whoever this body was that the Sheriff's department divers also located Karen Sprinkler's body.


Oh. About 50 feet from where Linda, Sally had been discovered. Oh, wow. Yeah. So Linda's body was identified through dental records. Okay. 'cause that's how badly she was decomposed. Karen's body was tentatively identified by her mother through a description of her personal items, which is just horrifying. That's heartbreaking. Yeah. Detectives were glad to have some information to work with, but they couldn't ignore the fact that the similarities in the cases suggested that they were likely looking for one killer. Not only were the bodies left in roughly the same area, but they also were killed in weighted down in very similar ways. Right. Also, they were mindful of the fact that Jan Whitney had also disappeared under similar circumstances, and they couldn't rule out the fact that the possibility that this was the same person and they had a serial killer.


Yeah. Now, in the days that followed, divers continued to comb that river bed looking for any additional evidence belonging to either the women or anything else of that matter. But they didn't get anything else. Sheriff Charles Ream told reporters on May 15th we're sure there are no bo more bodies under the bridge. The problem was though, that they also didn't have a lot of leads to work with at this point. The lack of leads kind of sent detectives back to the drawing board a little bit. So they looked at the last time anyone had seen Linda, And it seemed impossible that her killer could have abducted her in like a brightly lit parking lot in the middle of the day. But honestly, he had done s he had done it at least one other time in the case of Karen Sprinker.


So, and It is shocking, like I understand why they were like, how the fuck did he just grab her in daylight? And you know, they're thinking like he couldn't have grabbed her and she fought back in broad daylight. Someone would've seen her. But then they're like, but again, like it happened to Karen. Right. You never know. So you just don't know. But they said that back at Lloyd's, they talked to a clerk that was at the jewelry counter who had last seen Linda, and they ended up being the last person who saw Linda alive besides Jerry Brudos. Yeah. But this clerk said they, that she remembered Linda because it happened to be a very slow day and she took a long time making up her mind. So she just had had remembered her that day. Yeah. She spent a lot of time with her, but that's all she could really tell her was just like, yeah, she was in here right now for months, investigators dug into every aspect of the victim's lives, just trying to find anything that they could connect them together or that they could just figure out anybody connected to them that could do this.


But they just kept coming up like dead end after dead end. And then in mid-May, they finally got a break when an Oregon State University student called police to report an incident. This incident was, was when a suspicious man had called this girl out of nowhere on May 14th. And this guy just asked her out on a date. Okay. And she was like, I didn't know who he was. He was a man who called me. And I guess he said, I just came back from Vietnam and he had dialed her number at random. That's what he told her. That's believable. And he wanted to ask her out on a date. He was like, you know what, let's go out. And she said like, you have no idea what I look like.


Nothing. You have no idea what my fucking name even is. And you wanna go on a date? Yeah. You good? But she said, I didn't know why, but I accepted the date. And I said, I would meet him. She's a college student, so maybe she was just like, you know what, you know what? Maybe she's a big believer in faint. Maybe. I think that's why she was like, you know what, maybe this little, it was the sixties. Yeah. And, and nearing the seventies. Very, very different time. Honestly, it me, oh my God, my future husband just called crazy. You're like, the stars have aligned, relatable.


If you've ever considered a career as a licensed funeral director, find mortuary Colleges online associate degree program can be completed in just two years. Being a funeral director is about human services. It's about helping the living as they navigate the grieving process. The curriculum focuses on all aspects of funeral service, including the psychology, science, and business requirements of the profession. Find Mortuary College is dedicated to providing an inclusive, engaging, and innovative educational experience that challenges and prepares tomorrow's funeral service professionals. Financial aid is available to those who qualify to attend a virtual open house. Please visit their website@www.fmc.edu. An RSVP for the date that best fits your schedule. That's www.fmc.edu. Use promo code Wondery


Behind those cozy nights at home. Thousands of employees at BP go to work every day. People producing more US natural gas people building grid scale, solar capacity, people turning landfill, waste gas into pipeline quality, renewable natural gas, and people delivering all of that power where it's needed. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more atp.com/investing in America.


So the two met at the Oregon State Dorm Lounge and the girl said it was a very awkward experience, which I imagine it was. I I hate that it's Jerry Brudos obviously, that she met up with Yeah. But I love that she was just like, all right, let's try it. And she went to like a public place. Yeah. She was smart about it. You know, she didn't go meet him at like, some secluded area or like his house or something. Yeah. So they made small talk briefly, and then the man began telling her about his experience with new massage techniques, no gras. And before she could even say anything, he was up and standing behind her and massaging her shoulders. Nope. Get the fuck away from me. Do not touch me without my consent. Same. He told her to think of something sad while he was doing it.


Why would I think of sad things while you're relieving tension for my body? You fucking idiot. Well, and she was like, I can't, I don't know what to think of. Like, she was like, what the fuck? So his response was, think of the two girls killed and put in the long Tom River. Oh Yeah. I'd say, you know what? I've gotta go back to my dorm now. Get the fuck away from me. Scream. The conversation progressed and eventually the man mentioned that he believed people should be able to decide for themselves what's right and wrong. Oh yeah. That's a good idea. And she was like, hard disagree. And she said it to him Good. She was like, hard disagree. Like, that is not how the world works. No. There's bad people in the world. So like bad people can't decide what's right and wrong for people.


Right. And he became irrationally angry at her for that. Did not want to hear that. And the flare up of anger obviously made her very uncomfortable and scared. But it wasn't until he mentioned that he needed to replace the engine in his car, that she really became uncomfortable because she remembered that at least one of the women that had been found in the river had been bound to an engine block. Right. When she was discovered. And she was like, too much too much is leading back here. Why is he telling her all of this? Oh. And it gets worse because the most alarming moment happened when after they'd been talking about the missing women for a little because he kept bringing it back. Yeah. Jerry casually asked and and he was referring to her agreeing to meet him when she didn't know who he was.


So he was, this is why I think he does this shit to make women look stupid. Yeah. Because he, he invited her, he called her up, pretended to be this guy, got her to come there with him and now she's gonna kind of shame her for it. Yeah. Because he said, what makes you wanna be raped like the other girls? Oh my God. Whoa. He casually said that. Oh my God. Referring to the fact like, well, you just showed up and met a stranger. What makes you want? He's like, they must have done, and again, he's blaming the other girls like they must have wanted to. Holy shit. And also like, first of all, when they were going to a department store, well that's the thing. Like this girl came for a date and did not want that. That does not mean that she wanted to be raped. And those two girls, you took them against their will.


Yeah. So what the fuck are you talking about? Small guy. Exactly. That's small guy, fucking ass. It's so true. Like, and that's why when he's doing this whole thing, like the story and the story out there for Linda, Sally is like that. He just came downstairs And it was so weird. She had untied herself and she's just sitting there. She didn't even try to call on the phone. She didn't even try to escape. Like that's the story, right? That's everywhere you read. And it's, there's no like, it's, it's almost being like, isn't that weird that she just like, was fine with being in this guy's basement and like Right. Didn't try to get away. And it's like, no, no, no. It's very clear that this is what he does. Yeah. That he is, has clearly made her promises and kept her docile with the hope of getting the fuck out of there.


Yeah. And then he's gonna turn around to the detectives and go, yeah. Isn't it fucking weird? She just like untied herself and didn't even try to escape. She must have wanted it. Well, And I also was thinking, fuck you, fuck you. And I also was thinking too, I feel like the fact that he took pictures of women almost led them to believe that like, he would let them go. Yes. Because then he had some kind of blackmail over them. Exactly. And they could just say like, yeah, I'm not gonna tell anybody. You have those pictures of me. You have those pictures, I'm gonna go Yeah. Like, we have an equal thing here and I'm going And I can and won't ever have to do this again. And Yeah. And I can see why somebody photographing you like that wouldn't lead you to believe that the next step would be them killing you. Exactly. It would actually lead you to believe like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I am in this position. I am, I'm gonna take these pictures and then I'm gonna get the fuck out of here.


I'm just gonna try to get myself out here so I can at least try to get help. Right. Like, I'll do what he says to keep him calm. Right. Because he's also a big guy. That's the other thing. Even though I just called him small guy Jerry Brudos, he's a small guy. Well, small guy mentality for sure. Exactly. Like that's, he has the, he has the energy of a tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny micro man. Small dick energy, if you will. The tiniest dick energy, TLDR, small dick Energy. Oh God. Yeah. But he's a guy, he's a big freckled man. I actually haven't looked up a picture of him this entire time. He's heinous. I, I believe it. He's heinous. They usually are something you just said about the way that he was just sitting there on the date with her and saying like, what he just said to her about, you know, well, why do you wanna get raped?


Like those girls? It reminds me, I just watched the new Anna Kendrick movie that she, it's like her directorial debut. I heard great things about it. Woman of the Hour. I just watched. It was so good. But it reminds me of this one scene in the movie where he gets like upset with a girl that he's very much trying to kill. And it just sent chills down my fucking spine. Yeah. But 10 Outta 10 recommend that movie. Really good. I I definitely wanna watch that. Siri also is interested, Siri is also like, you should watch that. She said, I didn't hear that. What movie was that? Bitch Please Tony more. But that's, that's the thing. I feel like this, if you look him up, he's a big, Jerry Brudos is like a big beaty eyed fuck. Yeah. He's big. And I'm sure they were trying to comply because he's a scary fucking intimidating foe.


Yes. To be in in your, in his world. Yeah. So they're probably just, and he's literal home. Yeah. So they're trying to just like comply, get the fuck outta there. But then I just, it pisses me off that this little asshole likes to make it like, oh, so what makes you think wanna do this? Just like the other girls. And it's like, first of all, shut the fuck up. Right. They didn't, nobody wants it. Shut the fuck up. No. And it's like, and you with a weird fuck who called her and did this and she met you in a public place. Okay. On a campus. Yeah, exactly. Like she's in, she's safe here. You're the one being a weirdo. It's just, it's for the shock factor. Yeah. Because you're immediately silly. Imagine sitting across from somebody and hearing them say that too. You Yeah. Immediately all you would like, you would, you would dart back.


Of course. You know, like, and it's to shame them. Yeah, exactly. It's, it's to make her feel uncomfortable, to make her feel something wrong, something. She has agreed to do this and he's a piece of shit. So where do we go from here? So after they'd returned to the dorm, because he walked her back to the dorm. Oh, the man asked if he could see her again. And she was like, I'll think about it. But as soon as he left, 'cause she didn't wanna piss him off, so she was like, of course not. I'll think about it. As soon as he left, she called a Corvallis detective to report it. Which I was like, smart fucking girl, that's my girl. And they said, okay, here's what we want you to do. We want you to make another date with him, but we will be waiting for him when he comes to pick you up. This poor girl. Yeah.


So they were like, you don't have to go on the date, you just have to make a date with him. And she did. So she a few days later, or she made a date for a few days later. And so she was like, come pick me up. And when he came to pick her up, detectives were waiting to question him. This might be my next favorite apprehension next to fucking the night stalker. Well, it's kind of, this one's layered because they didn't have anything on him yet. Oh. So they're just questioning. Right. They just had this, they're just questioning him. Still great though. But I still love that. Still great though. And he thought he was going on a date with this girl, but yes. But also he was like creeped, he was probably gonna kill her. Well, one, he was gonna kill her. And two, I'm like, did you guys put her in the fucking witness protection program? Yeah.


Seriously. Because you didn't arrest him after that. He knows where she lives. The good news is, this is what gets them on the radar. Him on the radar. So It does, this leads to his arrest for sure. So he gave detectives his name, but he provided a fake address and denied knowing anything about the murders of Linda and Karen or the disappearances and attempted abductions of other young women. But still, detective Jim Stovall recalled that how Jerry quote attempted to play mind games with him during their interview. Huh. So this dumb fuck thinks he's smart too. Yeah. I would be like, you're laugh. Like, I wish they, I hope they were just so fucking mean to him. I would demean this man until his future generations felt it. Yeah. I like that. Like just ruin his life.


Yeah. According to Stovall, Bruno's quote, used hypothetical examples of what the killer could have done that struck a little too close to the truth to be coincidence. Wow. Wow. Yeah. It's giving, if I did it, I literally was just thinking that now despite their suspicions, investigators had no crime that they could charge him with. Technically you didn't do anything. Right. And Jerry, you know, he was just kind of being weird and creepy, but you can't really charge anyone with being weird and creepy. It's true. So they had to let him go. And in the week that followed, they discovered that their instincts were probably right about Brutus because a search of his name, they went like further into his background. It turned out previous charges for assault and kidnapping as well as his incarceration at the state hospital in his late teens.


Right. They also discovered a 1960 arrest where Jerry was arrested for prowling around the Oregon state campus. Oh no. So Brunos also lived in close proximity to where the victims had been abducted from. So as they're putting all these things together, they're being like, all right, some sums off here. He's got a record. Yeah. He was acting strange with us. He was be trying to play mind games with us, getting a little too close to the real details of shit. And now he lives close to where they're abducted. Like all, all the pieces are falling in. And his car wasn't a match for the one that had been identified in the attempted abduction of like some of the young women who had gotten away. But his mother's car was, and she had been known to, she was known to have been staying with him at the time.


So he was going to abduct these, this 12-year-old, this 15-year-old, this 23-year-old car in his mother's car. In his mother's car, and probably killed him in her car. He probably got like some kick out of that. Oh, that was because obviously he hated her. Yeah, that was for sure part of it. Oh, the la the weird psychological layers to that. Oh yeah. Wow. Oh yeah. So the information Stovl and the other detectives managed to get together was enough to get a warrant. So they really did their due diligence after this meeting. Yeah, they had to let him go, but they didn't let it, they didn't let it lie. They went further and got enough to get a warrant to arrest him. Amazing. Or to search his home at least. Right. Right. So they, on May 26th, 1969, Stovall and a team of investigators arrived at Jerry Brudos front door.


Wow. Which is not good for him. Uhuh. So the warrant to search there at his house mentioned the sexual nature of the crimes and the specific ways in which the bodies had been disposed of, including the use of the copper wire and the nylon cord being very specific, very niche. And also the car parts that they had been bound to. Yep. In their search of the basement, investigators found copper wire and nylon cord. Imagine that. And they matched exactly to those found in the murders. They also found industrial mechanical cloth, which ma matched the cloth that was discovered on Linda's body. Wow. Now the materials discovered in the basement tied Brunos to the missing and murdered women.


But the most damning evidence was the massive stash of photographs showing nude bodies dangling from a rope. And that's a quote. And women's clothing discovered all over, like all, they found a massive stockpile of this stuff. According to the press, many of the photos of women were taken from the neck down. So it was difficult to identify them or even determine whether they were alive when the picture was taken. That's horrifying. But at least one photo, a small image that was confiscated from Jerry's wallet, he was carrying it around with him, was a nude Karen Sprinker. Oh, that's awful. And it was like her face was in it.


Also, in many of the images they found that there was a mirror that he had laid on the ground underneath the women's bodies so that he could like dress them, hang them up and put a mirror underneath their bodies so he could look up their dresses. Oh God. Ew. Yep. And in one of those specific photos with the mirror, there is an image of Jerry's own fucking face reflected back as he was taking the fucking photo. He's so simple. And It is a, you can see the photograph. It is just of his face. Like they blew, they, it's not like the whole photograph.


Yeah, no. It's just the part that's his face. Yeah. And it's haunting to look at because you are looking at the moment that this per like, It is torturing someone. It's wild to look at somebody in the moment that like they have no humanity. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that it's just like they are, they're most a creature. We can't even fathoms upsetting, you know? I mean, that's so upsetting. It's weird to be able to look at someone and in that photo be, be it because of the flash or like something else that whatever happened, it distorted his face a little. So his eyes are like blur, like there's no eyes. Oh, that's horrifying. And his eyes are like the scariest part of him for something.


He's very beaty eyes. He's very evil looking eyes. Yeah. And they're like erased off his face. It's a very, oh, that's just like a chill down my spine again. Yeah. It's very, very unsettling. But it was a very specific thing about him that he would put that mirror under there and take photos because he liked having all the angles. That's disgusting. Yeah. So the discoveries in his home were enough for an arrest warrant, obviously. I would say so. And on May 29th, Jerry Brudos was arrested for the murders of Karen Sprinker and Linda Sally. Since he had become a suspect two weeks earlier, technically Jerry had been under constant surveillance. They were not letting him just walk around. That's good. And he was picked up after, and this is interesting, after officers pulled ine over while she was driving his wife and found Jerry hidden under a blanket in the back of the car.


Huh. And what they believed was that he was attempting to flee the state. Yeah. She, she was helping him out. That's upsetting. That's interesting. A few days later, on June 2nd, two additional murder charges were added for the murders of Linda Slauson and Jan Whitney, as well as a charge for assault. While armed with a dangerous weapon related to the attempted kidnapping of the 15-year-old weapon victim. She had identified Bruto as the man who tried to abduct her. Good for her. What? Brief girl on June 4th, the grand jury indicted Jerry for the murder of Karen, to which he entered a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity. Mm. You're gross, but not insane.


Yep. The judge on the case, Val Lopper, accepted the plea, but ordered that Jerry had to undergo psychiatric examination before proceeding with the case. Okay. He was like, okay, you wanna claim that you're insane. Let's see. Get me some experts that agree with you. Right. So in a statement to the press, Jerry's lawyer, Dale Drake told reporters that he expected the trial to begin sometime within the following four to six months. 'cause they were gonna have to gather all that. But at the same time, district attorney Gary Gort maker, was holding off on pursuing an indictment for the other three murders because he didn't wanna be forced to reveal the details of those cases to the defense. Right. During like the trial prep for the Karen Sprinker case during discovery, now by mid-June, the evidence against Jerry Brutus had been piling up.


So it seemed very unlikely that he was going to get away with murder. Yeah. In addition to the photographs and women's clothing, investigators had discovered additional evidence indicating that at least two of the murders, those of Jan Whitney and Linda Sally had occurred in Jerry's home. Right. Like, at least those two had been murdered in his home right then and there. Yeah. And the manner of the deaths were listed as, and this just gave me like, was very chilling to me. The manners of death were listed as hands, rope, and strap. Oh, I don't like, yeah. Hands is really upsetting.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career, be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown SCS, the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


Under the circumstances and believing he could successfully use an insanity defense, Jerry began providing Detective Stovall with details of the crimes. 'cause he was thinking, well, I'm gonna plead insanity. Who cares? And he was careful to omit certain pieces of incriminating evidence, like the location of Linda Slausons body. 'cause they had not found Linda yet. He did this under the mistaken assumption that they couldn't charge him with her murder if they couldn't find her body. That's a thought, which we know is incorrect. Incorrect. When he wasn't meeting with his lawyers or detectives, he was spending a lot of time with any of the seven state psychiatrists assigned to the case by the state. Wow. In general, they observed what they described as quote, a man who was agitated and tense, could not sit still for an interview, but rose frequently to start stride around the interview room.


And when he was cooperative, the evaluating psychiatrist found him to be affable and talkative, saying that he spoke with grandiosity and immaturity and peppered his conversations with unnecessary details. A check 'cause he is a lying sex shit. The doctors also noted that Jerry seemed to demonstrate an appropriate range of emotional responses when discussing most subjects, except when he talked about the deaths of the victims. And he said, they said during, they all said during that time, he showed no emotion at all. That's really scary. So totally human. Except when he was speaking about the deaths of them where he didn't give a shit. Yeah. In fact, in one case he called, I believe it was Linda Sally, he referred to her as as inconsequential to him as a candy wrapper.


What the fuck? And the fact that he can't even, it seems like he can't even pretend to care. No. And he makes like, can't even, and he makes no attempt to. He's just like, no, I don't care. That's so dark. Yeah. And he said, he told them, I act the way I do because everybody takes advantage of me. And that's how he described why he was such a violent predator. That's not true. And it was clear you take advantage of others. Exactly. It was clear to the evaluating psychiatrist that his behavior stemmed from his very bad and very abusive relationship with his mother in particular. Yeah. But as far as Jerry was concerned, he attacked and killed women because his wife couldn't meet his sexual meets.


Okay. He said she won't dress up like the other women do. And that makes me feel sorry for myself. Makes you feel sorry for yourself. Also, like, hey, there's this thing called divorce. Yeah. And there's also this thing called, there's many other women on this planet. So like, if that's a kink that you have, talk about it. Figure it out. Yeah. Before you get married to somebody and like figure that whole part of yourself out. Yeah. And just the fact that when someone says, and then I, it made me feel sorry for myself. Gross. Completely negated gross. Whatever statement you made before that, I don't give a fuck. It made me feel sorry for myself. Shut the fuck out. Well, And it's also just another way to blame another woman. Of course. Like, I'm mad. It's always it's women's fault.


I'm mad at her for trying to, you know, drive him past state lines. But I am also sorry for her for that, for like, what the fuck. Right. He's just always trying to blame a woman, anybody else. Yeah. And in his evaluation report to the prosecution, Dr. Guy Varus summarized Jerry as follows. In psychiatric examination, he was obviously anxious, agitated, and depressed. He cried frequently gross saying he was sick and that he could not have help throughout the detailed discussion of his crimes. He appeared very pre-occupied, emotionally detached, and quite certain that these things had to be done. Nope. They didn't. In general, I did not find any evidence of a psychotic process or evidence of perpe or perceptual disturbances.


His cognitive processes are very well maintained and he, and he was able to give details of past and recent events. He shows poor and faulty social judgment and certainly has no insight into the basic, his basic emotional problems. It is my clinical opinion that Mr. Brunos understands the nature of the charges against him and can assist in his own defense. This man has a paranoid disorder and his behavior is a product of that disorder. Yeah. Despite this, I believe he can differentiate between what is morally and socially right and wrong. A hundred percent. All the other examining psychiatrists had basically the same opinion. And you said there was like seven total, right? Seven of them. Yeah. They all noted that while Jerry did appear to meet the diagnostic criteria for a psychotic disorder, he was certainly capable of knowing that his behavior and perspectives were socially unacceptable and in certain cases criminally unacceptable.


Right. Also, at least one of the psychiatrists, Dr. George ow noted that on all three occasions, Mr. Bru, that Mr. Brunos has requested psychiatric help in his life. He has been in difficulty with the law. So as he saw it, Jerry was savvy enough to use his psychiatric history to his benefit. Yep. Citing his a mental illness whenever he was in trouble. That's pretty savvy. That is. However, he also wrote, though he does describe some rather elaborate fantasies of a sadistic nature towards women in particular. None of these is extensive enough or involved enough to qualify, in my opinion, as being delusional since he clearly understands that they are not real. Yeah. Now, in simple terms, Jerry Brudos may have been a violent sex offender and murderer who saw himself as being above the standards of others.


But he was well aware of what he was doing. And when he committed the murders that he was charged for, he was fully, he knew what was going on. Yeah. He knew what it was wrong. He was fine with it. Right. And in fact, several of the psychiatrists who evaluated him, diagnosed him with an antisocial personality disorder and noted that there was no known treatment for such individuals. Yeah. So, and George Ow wrote in the convoluted medicalese of the psychiatrist, Jerome Henry Brunos was quite sane and eminently dangerous. And the language of the man on the street, he was a monster. He would always be a monster. He certainly is and always will be. So he's saying, this guy is a monster and he can never be cured.


I think he, there's no help. This is who he's, and you cannot rehabilitate him. You just wonder like, what's missing? What, like what piece missing? I think the more we see these things, the more I am convinced childhood is so important, so vital to who you become. Something gets broken in a, a very specific way by a very specific set of treatments or, or situations that you are in when you are in a perfect state of, of development. I don't even know if it's just that it's broken though, because that happens and people turn out fine. But that's what I mean. I think it has to be a perfect storm.


I think it has to be at a certain, I think we don't know what that one spot in development is. That if you fuck it up, you're fucked. I wonder, I think we can't pinpoint it yet. Well, And I wonder if it's like you, it's so hard to like, like articulate, but I wonder if it's that, but also like, if not everybody has that thing that you can fuck up, you know what I mean? Like, I, I feel like they have like the, the people like this who do things like this, like Jerry Brudos did. There's got to be something in them already. Like, I truly believe that there's gotta be something innately wrong with you from the jump then I, I, I'm a I feel like I'm a pretty firm believer that it's nature and nurture.


I agree. At the same time. I, I agree. I think, I mean, when you look at his mother, any mother who can actively hurt their child Yeah. And like, neglect their child and show the, and like, abuse their child and you know, sh tell them basically that they're not worth what the other child is. There's something broken in that person. Oh, absolutely. And it's like, so obviously something could genetic Absolutely. Be in there biologically and genetically that's just broken. Right. But you wonder where it all starts when I like, where does it, how far back does that start? Not only do Yeah.


Not only do I wonder how far back that starts, but what is that piece? Yeah. And I, I wish there was like, I, I feel like someday we will figure it out. We need to like follow a line Yeah. Back. And you need to like first determine where every, where you see these little bits and pieces of things Right. To determine what is this coming through The maternal side. Paternal side. Yeah. Is it both? Does it matter? It, does it skip a generation? Does it go every three generations that you see this? Right? Is it every generation? And I feel like there's gotta be some kind of like stimulus where like, or like stimuli where something like one part of the brain connects with another part that it's not supposed to given a certain Yeah.


Response. You know what I mean? There's some pathway that is disrupted or is by created or created, you know, like something is happening. Yes. I, I just wanna know what it's, it makes it, 'cause it's like, and obviously if we knew what it was, we could stop these things from happening before they happen. They happen. Well, And I just wonder like how many studies are being done on incarcerated serial killers? Because I think like, I'd be happy to fucking fund that just to find out for real. Like, I would love to be able, I just wanna see, and it's something to look into And I think we should look into like what ex what studies are being currently done on this kind of stuff. Yeah. Let's look into that a little bit. Yeah. And maybe follow up in the next couple of episodes.


I'm just interested in like the second, what are we looking at? Well there's, there's gotta be some psychology behind Yeah. This all, and there's gotta be some, there's something in the, there's physiology, there's, I feel like there's so many things happening that there's a lot of work For sure. There's gotta be some common denominator thread. Yeah. Yeah. That just we that no one's been able to find. Feel like it's like finding a thread in a haystack. Yeah. You know, we need to gather like three to five fucking monsters. Mm. And just study the fuck outta their brains while they're still living, you know? Yeah. It would be a very hard study. Study to conduct And it would be a very hard study.


That's the thing. Like I, it'd be dangerous I'm sure, but, but I'm just in, I, there's gotta be something And I just, I just wanna know what It is. This kind of stuff is fascinating. It is. Because it really is. 'cause like we always said, like they're not always from a home like this, you know? No. Or there's, there's things that, I mean, there's things that I hear in certain stories that I can relate to. Yeah. And I'm like, I, I'm not a serial killer, you know? Exactly. That's why I think it's just, there's gotta be a perfect storm Yeah. Of things that once it all meets, it's like all the boxes get ticked and an explosion happens. Yeah. And I, I don't know, my brain is just really rambling now. Yeah. Because I'm also like, why is it more often men than like, obviously there are women serial killers.


Yeah. But it's so it's, but it doesn't happen as often. Yeah. So is it something within like it within chromosomes? Possibly. Yeah. Like what could this be? There's just, I just wanna know about the science. I know it's just like it really is. And he's really one of those like, 'cause you're just like, what the fuck? You are just a straight up monster. Yeah. But then you look at his background and you're like, yeah, there has some shitty things going on in there. But then you go back to that whole thing of like, a lot of people have shitty upbringings. Yeah. I find him to be really similar to Ted Bundy. Yeah. Especially with like the necrophilia, like that kind of thing. Like, but then he's got like hillside stranglers in there. Yeah, definitely. He's got some BTK in there. Yep. Definitely.


He's got, and that's the thing, you look at all these, it's like an amalgamation. What the fuck's going on? Yeah. What's going on with all you? And he was before BTK, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think BTK was like killing at that point, but yeah. Not caught. He was in the seventies. Yeah. So he wasn't going yet. Wasn't going yet. Yeah. This was 69. He was just about to start. So by mid-June, Jerry had entered similar plays of not guilty by reason of insanity and the indictments for the murders of Jan Whitney and Linda Sally. But by the time the psychiatric evaluation started off flowing in, it was clear that he was not gonna have anything to back that up. Yeah. Definitely no expert witnesses, no testimony, no evidence, no diggity. So he had no choice but to change his police.


On June 27th, 1969, just three days before his trial for the murder of Karen Sprinker, Jerry changed his plea to guilty on all three counts of murder. There It is. At the time, the prosecution didn't have enough evidence to get an indictment for the murder of Linda Slawson. Oh, that's sad. So that charge was dropped. That always makes me so sad when like I know, you know, he did it, but yeah. They just can't get like the official amount, the paperwork amount. Yeah. When Judge Lopper asked for confirmation defense attorney Dale Drake said the defense had exhausted every legal remedy for providing bru Brunos with the defense. And he added the state's evidence tallied with statements by made by Brunos to his defense team. So when Lopper addressed Brunos directly and asked why he was changing his plea, Jerry said, well, because I did it.


Whoa. That was his answer. Simple as that. He waived his right to Del to a delay between conviction and sentencing as well. So Judge Lopper imposed three life sentences. Nice. Each running consecutively, putting Brunos in jail for the rest of his life. Good. On July 28th, just one month after he was sentenced, the body of Jane Whitney was discovered, tied to a piece of railroad iron submerged in the Willamette River. That same day, the prosecutor's office released a statement to the press saying, although he had confessed they would not be pursuing a case against Brunos for the murder murder of Linda Slauson, they said, we have no substantiation. So they just were having trouble getting the pieces together. He confessed to it.


Yeah. Unfortunately, and this is really heartbreaking. Linda Slausons remains were never recovered. Ann Brunos refused to tell investigators where he had disposed of her body. What a douche. So the sentences handed down to Jerry brought a lot of relief, especially to women in Oregon. Right. As well as for the families of the victims. But many were very concerned though because the sentences still allowed for parole. Parole. I was just thinking that Yeah. Under the terms of his sentence, Jerry could be eligible for parole in as little as 10 years. Wow. And that was after receiving three life sentences. Yeah. Contingent upon the adjustment he makes during the interim is what it said.


Oof. In response to the community's concerns, Oregon parole Board chairman Jack Wiseman released a statement saying there there'll be a continual study of the case over the course of his imprisonment to evaluate his threat level before parole could even be considered. Which we're like, that's basically, I think his threat level is pretty fucking high. Guys, midnight don't think need to continue studying that threat level midnight at all times. And he said there must be sufficient learning adjustment, emotional, social, and psychological on the part of Brunos before he would be a proper candidate for serious parole con even consideration. Damn. So that's nice. But still the idea of It is still scary. Yeah. And those families were probably freaking the fuck out.


Of course, as it happened, Jerry Brudos became a model prisoner. Once he started serving his sentence, he joined several programs. He even took on a clerical job at the Oregon State Penitentiary. But he did remain a target for the other prisoners, really, particularly those who targeted sex offenders and sexual killers. Ah. Including one incident in 1978 when he was stabbed a lot by a fellow inmate. I just lived a lot. A lot. But he lived, unfortunately throughout his nearly four decades in prison, Jerry was considered for parole a number of times, but each time he was denied. That must have just been wrenching through those made them families go through. The families all had to go through it over and over.


Right. 'cause that's a lengthy process. It's not like they just like, oh my God. You know, the, the number that must have done on their nervous systems. Yeah. To have to be in fight or flight for that long. Right. Like every year, days on end. Yeah. June In June. And then just wondering how long until the next one. In June, 1995, after repeated parole hearings, the board informed Jerry Brudos, he was no longer eligible for parole due to his complete inability to show considerable evidence of rehabilitation. They said, this is the state board chair. Marva Fabian told him, you'll be in prison for the rest of your life and there will be no future parole hearings. I come. But Jerry did try to appeal before the parole board every two years despite them saying this, and despite never demonstrating even an ounce of remorse for his crimes.


And it's like, that's all you have to do. Yeah. No, I'm glad he was incapable. Yeah. On March 28th, 2006, Jerry Brudos died in the infirmary at the Oregon State Penitentiary after a long and terrible battle with liver cancer. Karma. His death was a big relief to many of the victim's families who lived with constant anxiety that you just never know that they're gonna let him out for something. Jan Whitney's sister, Cindy Elliot told a reporter, I'm feeling relief. You hate to say you're glad that someone is dead, but my family believes it should have happened years ago. And to that I say, fuck yeah, it should have here, here. And you don't have to feel bad at all. Nope. He took your because your loved one. Fuck that guy.


Yeah. And he was a blight on humanity and continued to terrorize your poor family. Yeah, of course. I don't think she should feel bad. One bit of, he wouldn't tell people where, like Linda Slausons family never had her body to bury, never had her anything of hers. The thought of to say goodbye to just, and he loved it. Absolutely devastating. Yeah. He did it. It was his last little power trip he could take. Right. And he took it to the grave. Fuck that guy. Unreal. What a douche bag. So what a wild story. I never, I don't know if I knew all the details of that, to be honest. He is really bad. Yeah. Like he's a really bad one. Yeah. Yeah. He's a piece of shit. Yeah. And I'm glad he is dead and we're glad to be rid of him.


Yeah. Bye. Rest in distress, Jerry. Truly don't rest at all. No. Be tormented for the rest of your life. Yeah. Your afterlife. Yeah. Wow. Thanks for that. Yeah. Well, if you want a pallet cleanser, go buy tickets to that insidious event because it sounds fucking sick Sounds. Yeah. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not sweet cherry Buddhist because wow. If you're listening to the show and you're doing that, yuck, yuck, yuck. Get out of here. Bye. You're gross. Ew.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, if you guys know one thing about us, it's that we love a deep dive. Well, if you are looking for a limited series that will completely consume you, we've got you covered. Those sketchy text you're always getting, sometimes there's something way darker behind them. Imagine helping your brother land a dream job abroad only to discover you've trapped him in a nightmare. We're talking armed guards with shoot to kill orders and thousands forced to scam others just to stay alive Wonder's. New podcast scam factory follows one family's desperate fight to save their brother from a multi-billion dollar criminal empire. Where the only way out is to become part of the scheme that trapped you. Are you looking for a wild story that'll keep you up at night? Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.