
Hey, weirdos, it's Ash. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about the spooky perks of Wondery Plus. It's like having a skeleton key that unlocks ad free listening and early access to new episodes. So don't wait. Try Wondery Plus today you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey everyone, let's talk about protein for a second. There's this rumor that getting plant-based protein is tough, but listen, there are some amazing options out there, even if you're not vegan. Adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body and support the planet. My go-to for Tasty Protein and Super Food Pack Shake is Cava. Every serving of Cava offers 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein, but that's not all this, all in one shake has fiber, quality, fats, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and so much more. I love that I can tick so many boxes with just one delicious shake. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors, And I like to combine them. But they also have chocolate. They've got matcha and they've got coconut acai. I'm a big fan of the coconut acai as well after drinking Ka Chava first thing in the morning, because that's when I always drink it. I feel satiated for hours. I feel focused, calm, and ready to take on my day. Something that I really love to do, if I even want like a little bit more protein, is just add a scoop of peanut butter to the Vanilla chai concoction that I make. And that, oh, is just Scrum didly ump anxious Honey Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to kava.com/ Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A-V a.com/ Morbid.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply. See at&t dot com slash iPhone for details.


Hello, beautiful people. We hope that you all had a lovely Thanksgiving with your family. I, I hope, I hope you're stuffed. I, I hope you're stuffed. I hope shit didn't get weird at the dinner table, and if it did, I bet you rocked that shit. Yeah, I hope it got weird and you made it weirder. Yeah. I hope you wore a shirt that was provocative and made people angry. Hell yeah. Let's go. I hope it was great, And I hope that you watched our freaking video that we put out our freaking video, though. You don't forget, we're doing the Listen to Tales in costume, in costume, on video every time. The one that we just did for November came out on Thanksgiving. So I hope you watch that with your family show and, and then I hope you went and played the Sims. Oh yeah. And then watch Salad Fingers. Hell yeah. And we also hope that you enjoy this resurrected episode.


Kinda like the Sims one was resurrected and the beautiful salad fingers was resurrected. All connect. Exactly like that. Everything is connected. Yeah. Yeah. Go listen to Bog Bodies because it's a good episode. I think it's a great episode. I loved that one. I immediately got imposter syndrome there. Did you see that happen in real time? I was of, it's a episode, I think. I don't know. Maybe not. Actually it sucks. Don't listen to this. Shut off right now. Do it actually. No. It's a great episode. It is, It is. It's one of those like, really fascinating, spooky, weird history ones that we just love to dive into. Dare I say she's a Morbid classic. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Enjoy it my friends. We love you. Happy Thanksgiving.


What the fuck is that? What happened? Do, do, do Do do do. Don't do your job. Chad. Do do The TV Just turned on guys. Leave this in. You have to keep this. This is the way to lead into a rerun. Okay. So enjoy, enjoy. Hey weirdos. I'm Elena. I'm Ash. And this is Morbid.


Whoop. There It is. We are here. And you didn't forget your name this time. I didn't. I don't know what happened last time. It was late at night. Yeah, that's what it was. It was a late night recording. Mm. I zoned out a bit. I had a moment. She was feeling zone. I was just on a space level. I know. Usually I feel like that's like a very me thing to do. But you were, you were not here with us, but I was on an ash level. Oh, that's scary. I I was not, I was outta space. I was gonna say, I don't think you've ever been on an ash level. Truly. Truly. Don't think I ever have. Most people haven't. That's okay. Only ash. But you know what? This is my level. Here we are and we're gonna do something that is, it definitely is true crime, but it's like ancient true crime.


Ooh, leave it to you. Because I've always been really interested in bog bodies. And you said that to me the other day And I said, I don't know what that means. She said, huh? I was like, are you talking about cranberry juice? No, not really. No. No. Although who likes cranberry juice? I think Drew doesn't Drew. Drew. Yeah. Drew really likes cranberry juice. I just thought of that. Although, who likes, I thought you were like doing a poll really fast. I, Hey guys, who likes cranberry juice? I, I also kind of was, I was gonna be like, show of hands, do you like cranberry juice? He, that boy loves cranberry juice. He does not even cranberry juice cocktail.


Like Regina George. Like Yeah. Cranberry juice. That's a lot for me. Yeah. I cranberry juice is, is very aggressive to me. It's, it's tart. Very tart. Yeah. I, this is so yuccas, but I used to drink it when I was constipated when I was little. I got constipated a lot when I was little. Aw. And my mom would just gimme some cranberry juice. So now I hate it. And it would work apparently. Yeah. Oh, that shit. That shit, that shit makes you shit. That shit. It'll work. Yeah. I can't do a cranberry juice. But you know what, this isn't about cranberry juice. Nah. This is about bog bodies, which are very far off from cranberry juice. Mm. Although I guess they're a little like, like sour.


You should, their way of their way of being is very sour. Lord. Look at the face. The face. They can't, I wish you could see the face. It's literally, Ash is just making a tart face. Like rules. Ooh. My nose is all wrinkled. So let's talk. I'm sure some of you have probably heard of bog bodies because they've been around like pe there's been a ton of discoveries in the last, like, several years of these, especially in Northern Europe. Well, shit, but they're not, like, don't feel bad if you don't know what they are because like, it's weird. Yeah. But, and like, they're not making as big a deal out of these as I think they should because they make a big deal out of like the randomest shit. Yeah. But like, not the, I mean, this is pretty random shit, but it's very random shit.


But I can make a big deal of this. It's interesting these, from, from what you've, you've told me like a little tidbit. Yeah. These are whole ass people. Yeah. And in fact, oh, sorry, I interrupted. Go ahead. Oh, no. I was gonna say that have been preserved for like thousands of years. Okay. I'm glad I let you go. Yeah. Because Elena was looking at like some pictures the other day going through this and there was basically like the remains of somebody. And I thought that they had put a wig on this person. Yes. And I was like, did they put a fucking wig on them? And Elena said, nor No. I, I, yeah, that's exactly what I said. She said, that's his hair. And I was like, what? And I was like, that's a 2000 year old hair there. That's so crazy. Yeah. It's wild.


So let's talk about what bog bar bo what bog parties, what bog bodies are I, I was in a place of like, no, CLE are, and you were like, let's get to some bog bodies. I don't know what's going on. Okay. To mater. To mater. So we're gonna talk about bog bodies. I'm gonna tell you what they are, how they form what is in a bog that makes these bog bodies stay the way they are. That's my biggest question because my first thought is the bog of eternal stench from labyrinth. That checks, that's literally when I hear bog of eternal stench is my next thought. I love that you think of that. Yeah. Because as we know, I think of cranberry juice, but like the two ocean spray guys.


Oh yeah. Whatever happened to them? What happened to them? I don't watch cable anymore. So maybe they're still there. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe they're still around. Yeah. Just standing in the cranberry bog. I bet they are. They are. Because bog bodies, bog bodies, preservatives. So they're bog brothers. Ancient. These are basically ancient. And I mean ancient, like from the Iron Age old, like B, c, E. So these are ancient bodies found buried in pea marshes and bogs. And again, like I said, in Northern Europe, mostly. Okay. We're talking people from as long ago as 8,000 BCE. My brain just like can't even wrap itself around that.


Outrageous. And by the way, b, CE is before common era. Yes. And is a newer convention to date things and one that I like. So that's why I'm using it. I'm happy for you. Thank you. A lot of them seem to come from around, like I said, the early Iron Age, which like, whoa. And I think that's somewhere around 500 B, CE to 400 ce, which is common era. Oh, okay. Like this is wildly old. We're in the common era. Right. We're in the common era. Right? Is that what Well, it's, it's outrageously old. Like this is literally like before common era. And then basically like after common era. So we're in the after we're, we're currently in the after.


I would say, oh shit. Okay, so this, but this is 400. So this is way long ago. Whoa. Like three steps ago. Outrageously old is the moral of this story. Love. Like thi these are people who we would only be able to study from things that we find. And if we find things, it's like, whoa, we found this ancient thing from 2000 years ago. Like it's always this amazing discovery. Yeah. But now we've discovered whole ass people, right. With their things still on them. Are there any cool things that like we don't know about that we do now? Well, the things that aren't even what we're looking at here, it's more what happened to these people.


Because a lot of these people died by straight up murder, bog parties, bodies. I don't know why I keep saying bodies. Bog parties. Bog parties. I don't know why it feels rat. Okay. But whatever. It's, it's not bog bodies. There you go. It's hard to say. Yeah. These people were often violently killed. Huh? Like, they're not just people who died by natural causes, old age, you know, sickness, whatever. And then they were buried in these bogs, right? No, they were like ritualistically sacrificed or straight up just murdered for no ritual. It's like some smiley face killer type shit. It's intense. And due to the biological magic of their very unique and specific environments, these bogs, they're found completely preserved sometimes with all their hair, skin, and clothing still intact.


Like, I thought you were done when it was the lady in the lake. No. Like I was like, oh wow. I can't get crazier than that. Never done. Here we go. We are always ratcheting it up. That huge notch. You are for sure always trying to, at least I read a book called Bog Bodies Uncovered Solving Europe's Ancient Mystery by Miranda Althouse Green. I bet You did. And it's real good. I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tag it in the show notes. Show notes. If I had seen that on a library shelf, I would've been Whoop Elena. That is for you. Whoop. That's for my girl. I really like, she had a very good way of describing everything she went into, like the violence associated with it. She covered so many of these bodies.


'cause there's so many. I'm only gonna cover a little handful today. Or we gonna do like a couple parts later throughout. I might do a part two our lives. Yeah. Talking about more of these bodies, because there's just so many interesting ones. But the way that she described and referred to bogs is something I really liked, which sounds weird. I know. But she described them like this. She said bogs were and are special places. Miasmic and fearsome. They hover in the tween space between land and water. They are both and they are neither. Oh, that's an author. Right? Like a really beautiful sentence to me. Also, can we just like take a moment to study the author shouting out the author.


Like, check that out. Authors supporting authors tiny elle.com/the butcher and the rem, the amount of people that now say that to me, I'm like, yes, we should put that on a shirt. I love it. You should tattoo that on yourself. There you go. Just tattoo that word. I'll just tattoo it on my hand. A link will forever be active. But yeah, that's just like a really beautiful way, way of describing a bog. Yeah, it absolutely is. Which is something that is you think of as like probably stinky and like gross like a bog. Yeah. When I think bog I other than like my guys Yeah. In the, in the cranberry bogs. Of course you guys my ocean. I also think of swamps. Yeah. Just like green, bubbly, stinky water. You know what I mean?


Yeah. Like just yuckiness. It's so funny though. 'cause cranberry bogs are beautiful. That's true. But bog of eternal stench. So that's where we're at, Pete is what we're talking about here. So Pete Bogs, now Pete is a MeToo. What I just thought you met a man named Pete. Just Pete Bog. You were like, Pete is whats what we're talking about here. And I was like, well, I was not up to speed then. Pete. PEAT. Sorry. I'm gonna take a seat. Pete is a material created by the slow decomposition of organic matter and is often formed in these bogs. The bogs are what I described above. And a lot of things can't really thrive in or around them unless they're very specific to bogs.


So they're formed when shallow bodies of water have plants and such that will fall into the bodies of water. And because there's a massive lack of oxygen in these places, it will just lay there and decompose very slowly, like very like hundreds and thousands of years basically hanging in a preserved state for quite some time. But making the body of water a bog and making the layers of organic material building up over time and decomposing very slowly become peat. Hmm. Now Sphagnum, it's sphagnum. It's hard to say Sphagnum. No, You did great. There It is. Sphagnum Moss is actually one of the big reasons why is able to preserve, And it sounds like I'm saying a man named Pete.


It does. It is. It's why Pete is able to preserve bodies and other organic material. So well Sphagnum lives in bog moss, and when the moss dies, it releases the Sphagnum into the surrounding area. And the bog water, it actually turns, if there's an organic, like a person in there, or even like an animal body, it will turn the skin leathery and kind of brown looking like it will tan it essentially. And any hair will seemingly be dyed a coppery red color. Oh, I thought that man's just had like exactly some motherfucking flow. That's because it's, It does, it turns in a beautiful auburn like coppery auburn color.


I, I feel like it's the red that you look for that I go for. Yes. Like that is my like, Ooh, that's your red. I want that red. Every time I see it, I'm like, that's the color my hairstylist girl is. It's like a 7 3 4 or like a 7, 4 3. There you go. Yeah. Next time I go to the hairstylist, I'm bringing a picture of a bog body. Do it and be like, that's the color I want. Go off Queen. Can you do a sphagnum color? Do it. But either way, it's very interesting. So as you'll see, any bog body that you will see is a dark color because they've been tanned and their hair is that fiery coppery auburn color, which makes it a little difficult to tell what their hair color was before that. Yeah. But usually it ends up, the more coppery It is, the more it was like light.


It was in real life. Say like a gray or a, or a blonde. That makes sense. And then It, is it like a darker copper if they had darker hair? Exactly. Yeah. So bog oaks are the only trees that grow around bogs. And the oak that falls into the bog actually also helps with that preservation and tanning process as well. Hmm. So it's like a mixture of things that need to come together, but when It does, It is like perfect preservation. That's crazy. Isn't it wild? Just like the shit that we, that happens that we don't understand. Science is wild. It really is in nature. I always enjoyed science. It's, it's so interesting. Like I was, this was blowing my mind while I was reading it. You're blowing my mind. I'm blowing your mind. Poof.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I feel like we all have like cozy moments in December, especially when, when the holidays are coming, some people like to wrap up in a blanket, get a little mug of hot chocolate. For me, I love decorating and that's when I feel like I'm at my coziest. And you know, I love to curl up in a blanket too for some comfort. Watch a little holiday. Movie therapy, though you guys is a great way to bring yourself some comfort. That never goes away, even when the season changes. I feel like everybody can benefit from therapy. And I especially feel like this time of year therapy is so necessary. You're seeing your family a lot more. Maybe you have a estranged family and that upsets you. It's a great thing to talk about in therapy. So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. And all you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Morbid.


Could you tell me exactly how much money you spent on food in the last month? How about entertainment or travel? Probably not. But you know, who can Rocket Money? Rocket Money categorizes all of your expenses and helps you set a budget for different categories like bills and utilities, dining and drinks, travel and vacation, entertainment, and so many more. With Rocket Money, you know exactly where your money is going. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that empowers you to save more, spend less, and take control of your financial life. With Rocket Money, you can see all your checking, savings, credit cards and investments in one convenient place, allowing you to understand your spending trends. Rocket Money can help you actually set a custom budget by identifying your top spending categories and suggesting, you know, areas where you could adjust your spending habits. They'll calculate your monthly spending allowance and they'll even alert you when you're close to going over budget so that you can save more and spend less. I feel like that's so helpful, especially this time of year. You know, you need that extra cash for Prezi. Rocket Money has over 5 million happy members and has saved its users over a billion dollars across all of the apps features. Let Rocket Money help you reach your financial goals faster. Get Rocket Money today at Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid Rocket Money dot com slash Morbid.


So only when these bodies are discovered and then taken out and exposed to oxygen, because while they're under there, they're not getting any oxygen. Only when they're taken out and the oxygen comes in contact with them, do they really begin to decompose naturally. Mm. But so many are still preserved today. They're able to keep them in like oxygen sealed tanks, you know what I mean? Like they, but they have to do it quick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the, the transfer process for these things. It is super delicate, super fast. You don't wanna like fuck with this a lot because they'll start to just fall apart. Right. And they do eventually they will fall apart, but we can keep them for as long as we can. Now, some people believe that a lot of these bodies were placed in the bogs as like a warning almost, or some kind of a punishment.


A warning to others because some of them would be staked down in the bog and so like held down in the bog. Yeah. And sometimes through their limbs. Yeah. And sometimes while they were alive, they would be put in these bogs and then like stakes would be run through their arms while they were alive. Woo. And then they would be left there and usually they were facing upward. So if somebody came to the bog, they would just see this pale face of a human dead and lying stake down in the bog. Fuck a whole bunch of that. Yeah. And they were being punished because by doing this, they were remaining in the in-between place where their body couldn't even decompose.


Okay. So this was a punishment. Like, we're not even gonna allow your body to decompose in your soul to leave. Oh. And if you're stuck in this bog, nothing's gonna be able to remove your soul for the afterlife. You're gonna be stuck here. It's like they were creating like manmade purgatory. Exactly. Because bogs have always kind of been looked at it as a place where evil spirits live and dwell and they remain. So this would be somewhere, this would be somewhere to place someone you wanted to punish. Hmm. Putting them in that dark, evil, and frozen in time place to never fully freely crossover to the other side. Sometimes I feel like I'm in a bog. Yeah. Don't we all, man. Do you ever feel like you're in a bog?


In a There you go. Forever. Sometimes. And sometimes they would even remove, a lot of times actually they would remove the person's head and they'd place the head in one part of the bog and the body in another. So they couldn't even come together. Come together, together as one. Oh, I was in a place of Beatles. I was in a place of ghost as always usually. So, yeah. So they would do that. So sometimes people will find these heads of bog bodies and sometimes they don't ever find the bodies. What? It's real spooky. Okay. Are you gonna tell me how like the first bog body was found? Like, who was just like swimming in a bog one day? So these, I'm gonna tell you about a few interesting bog bodies.


What we can say is that every single bog body has been found by accident. I, yeah. Like it's never been, I figured, yeah. Nobody's ever gone in search of a bog body that I can find. There's no fish in bog. Right? I don't believe like many things can live in a bog. Okay. So, but I'm honestly not positive. Okay. But either way, it's almost always when people are doing peat cutting, which is like removing layers of peat. Because we do use peat moss for like, you know, landscaping and shit. Yeah, I've heard of that. You've heard peat moss? I, I sure have. Yeah. Like people use it for things. So people will go and dredge it up, like these big bales of peat essentially.


And that's when they find these peat bodies or bog bodies because they'll find them in between the layers of peat. Do they still use the peat? Sometimes. Sometimes it happens. You know, gross. You know, that's why I actually, this is a total sidetrack, but it's like somewhat in there. You are in a place of ash. I am. I am the, I was watching a TikTok the other night and somebody was talking about, it's the, who's the guy who does the, it was the nineties. Oh, Kevin. Kevin. He was talking about how he had to have, have a bone graft in his mouth. Oh shit. And they put a cadaver bone in there. Oh. And then he was worried. He wanted to know who it was from. And then he was talking about having a haunted, A haunted face.


Yeah. I also have a cadaver bone in my mouth. So I have a haunted face too. And I never thought about it. That's cool. So I just wanted to put that up. I have extra bones in my mouth. There you go. But yours are just natural, not haunted. Yeah, those are mine. Yeah. They're just hers. I'm haunted, but by myself. Yeah. My face is haunted. So that's fun. And what if it's like a really shit bag human? Well, I'm grateful for their bone. Okay. Is all I can say. But either way, this peat mos, your peat moss could be haunted. Yeah. Oh absolutely. By a bog body. I don't want any peat moss anymore. I want all the peat moss that checks like, that's awesome. Yeah. I'm gonna call my landscaper after this and be like, hi, remove the peat moss. Thank you. My fucking imaginary landscaper.


Yeah. There you go. Hello. Remove the peat moss at once. I wanna call someone and say that Just call a landscaper. Just any landscaper. Landscaper. We don't have your phone number on our client list. Like, ma'am, this is a Wendy's. I don't care. Remove the peat moss. Get it out of here. Posthaste. All right, so we're gonna talk about the Elling woman. Ey do she is all of these bog bodies, none of them have names. They don't, you know, we can't really tell who they were. So they're always named after the area in which they were found. Okay. I was gonna say that. That, that makes sense. Shot. I was gonna say that sounds pretty. It does. The Elling woman, she was found in Denmark in 1938.


I wanna go there. She's believed to be from two 80 BCE during the Iron Age. Shut up. Shut up. Okay. Just for like my folks out there. What's the Iron Age? The Iron Age? Yeah. Well, according to Google self, It is a prehistoric period that followed the Bronze Age when weapons and tools came to be made of iron, which makes sense. Or in mythology, just for like my interested mythology folks out there, the last and worst age of the world, a time of wickedness and oppression. Whoa. So like two very drastic differences there. Very much. Sometimes there was iron and sometimes there was wickedness. You know what? And there was a lot of wickedness in these bog body situations.


Boom. Segue. We're talking about the elling woman and her discovery was made in, and I'm gonna give this my best shot. Hit me. But who? Boy, some of these pronunciations. Beja sc doll. I believe it. Beja sc doll. Yeah. By a man named Jens. Zach, who was a farmer. Mm. She, so he was cutting and digging. Pete like moss. Everybody was like, everybody's all about the Pete digging. Luckily this was like kind of, it was a good removal process because a lot of these bog bodies tend to get either like, kind of like cut apart by the peat digging process.


Like on accident accidentally. Or when they are removed from the peat. Especially like in the thirties, in the fifties when the shit was happening, they didn't know what they were doing. They didn't know what the hell this thing was. So most of them thought they were recent murder victims, so they would pull them out. Not knowing that these are very fragile and very old. Right. But luckily this one had a little bit of a like ease in transfer process. So this farmer, he saw this clear body and was like, oh shit, this is a human flee. And instead of fleeing, or as we're gonna find out in another case this happens, allowing villagers to take pieces of the human being with them.


No, that happens in another one. No, luckily in this time it didn't happen. This guy, Zachariasen, he immediately called the National Museum of Denmark and they were able to remove her properly. So good job Ys. Now it was later determined that this girl was about 25 years old at the time of her murder. Oh. She was wearing a sheep skin cloak and a cow hide blanket wrapped around her and had more fabric made from cow hide wrapped around her lower body. Hmm. A lot of these were wrapped in a lot of layers. There was also a woolen belt wrapped around her and there was a leather rope tied around her neck with a slip knot. Ooh shit.


Yeah. Do you think that them being like having many layers helped with the preservation too? Honestly? Maybe. But to be honest, a lot it's, it's kind of 50 50. A lot of them are found with a lot of layers, but a lot of them are found just naked. Oh shit. With nothing on them. And they, and actually one of the most preserved bog bodies that we're gonna talk about, the tulin man, he was completely naked. Okay. So it doesn't seem to matter. I really think it matters, but I'm sure it doesn't hurt. Mm. So there was the leather rope tied around her neck with a slip knot. And her back was almost perfectly preserved. And it was immediately apparent that she had long hair that had been intricately braided before she was killed.


Oh. Which this would happen sometimes in ritualistic killings. They would braid the hair, huh? Yeah. Pictures of this you can find. And they're amazing. This braiding is perfectly preserved. It was plating back then. Exactly. I love that. And it, it's preserved like you can see every little bit of that braid. Wow. It looks like a wig. Wow. It really does. And it's copper. Her hair is a little darker. So I believe her hair must have been darker in life. Oh, okay. But it's wild. It's very amazing. It looks like it was done yesterday. When you look at it. I'm gonna goog, but her front of her body was a little more decay. So it was a little tougher. Now further testing done in the seventies, in the 1970s, told scientists that she definitely had been hanged.


And that was how she was killed. There was a deep laceration around her neck from the hanging. She's believed to have possibly been used as a sacrifice to the gods by her village. Perhaps like a fertility sacrifice. Could be any number of sacrificial reasons. Okay. Honestly, I'm looking at her hair right now. Wild. Amazing. Right? Insane. Yeah. Now the next one I'm gonna talk about is the tnd man. And I just mentioned him. You did one of the most incredibly preserved of the bog bodies. He was found by two pea cutting farmers. May 11th, 1950. He was also found in Beja Beja Scv Doll bog in Denmark. You did it.


He was found 12 years after Ellen woman ing woman in the same bog. Oh shit. Isn't that interesting? That is interesting. According, because these bodies are in like layers of Pete. Right. So like you can sometimes miss them. Yeah. Or you get pieces of them. Now, according to the book I already mentioned, she said quote, as they worked, they suddenly saw in the peat layer a face so fresh that they could only suppose they had stumbled upon a recent murder. Ooh. He is over 2000 years old. What? Which makes his preservation even more incredibly impressive. Scientists believe he was somewhere around 30 to 40 years old when he was killed.


Which 40 years old would've made him kind of elderly back then. Yeah. Like to be honest. Yeah. And it was likely a ritualistic sacrifice. He was found with a braided leather noose wrapped around his neck. And he looks like he's sleeping. Oh. Literally in a fetal position and has a very peaceful look on his face. Well, that's good. Where you can see every line and wrinkle. Like he would just start breathing in front of you. Oh, he's naked, but he's still wearing a little pointed cap and you can see chin hairs. What legitimately they were able to determine his last meal, no, 2000 years ago. What he ate.


So they, he ate porridge, a bunch of grains and some bony fish. And they said it was about 12 to 24 hours before he was hanged and then thrown in the bog bony fish. They also think someone may have positioned him. Huh? Maybe it was like a family member or something like kind. Because a lot of these bodies are tossed in there. A lot of them have looks of anguish on their faces still, because they were like ritualistically killed. Because most of them I, I haven't even gotten into yet. Some of the worst ones. Some of the ones that were tortured and abused before being killed. Oh, they are bad. And but this guy, the tallen man, he is so peaceful looking.


He is. So I'm looking at him right now. And he was found on his side, like just sleeping. He looks like he was like literally taking a little cat nap. Yeah. It's wild. Oh wow. I'm looking at the whole body now. Isn't it? Incredible? Oh my God. Yeah. Now the next one I'm gonna talk about is the, I think it's pronounced the ED girl. Okay. I looked at several pronunciations for this. I believe it's Edie, the girl from Edie is a, is a bog body from the Netherlands. She was found May 12th, 1897, stop it by two pea cutters who were cutting through the peat in a bog that was just near the village of Ededie. When they dredged up the layers of Pete, they found her just lying there between the layers.


Of course they freaked the fuck out and ran away because honestly a lot of people probably would. And in the 18 hundreds they were like, this is a Damon the devil. And they also literally thought it was the devil because she had a, a big lock of fiery red hair. Yeah, I actually just saw that. So they thought it was the devil. Like they thought they had unleashed it. My God. But they're like, he lives in the bog. They're like, he's in the bog guys. But they creeped back and then they just hid her under the Pete again. Probably. 'cause they figured if they left her there, then the demon would stay in the bog or something. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Leave the devil in the bog. But apparently she was dug up again over a week later.


I think the mayor actually dug her back up. He was like, let's see this. Let's see this Damon in the bog. But she wasn't pulled out of the bog very carefully, unfortunately. Oh no. Yeah. So when, what they could determine was that she was a 16, maybe 14 to 16-year-old girl and was killed over 2000 years before she was taken out of the bog In 1897. They used her remaining bones and also the fact that her wisdom teeth had not erupted or formed roots in her mouth to determine her approximate age. Damn. Isn't it crazy that even back then people had wisdom teeth? Yeah. Wisdom. Fun fact. I don't have them. But look at that evolved. They estimate she was only about four and a half feet tall.


She was very tiny stature. Oh. When she was found, like I said, she had tons of fiery red hair. Again, it's important to note that the Sphagnum gases turned the skin brown hair red. Mm. But they believe she might have had light auburn hair. Okay. So maybe like closer to a strawberry blonde kind of thing. It was like using overtone. There you go. She had a ton of hair though. Yeah, she looks like meida. Yeah. And honestly though, though, interestingly the right side of her very long hair had been shor off. Oh. And they believe it was shaved off as like a weird punishment maybe. Yeah. Like this is a common thing in a lot of the bog bodies that the hair was sh shorn before their internment basically.


Weird. Yeah, it's very weird.


Audible's, best of 20, 24 picks are here. Discover this year's top audio books, podcast, and originals all in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. From romance and wellbeing to fiction, audible's, carefully curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2024 is best of the year in audio entertainment. Like an unbelievably star-studded production of George Orwell's 1984, which both honors and reinvigorates the terrifying classic. It's one of the best original dramatizations that we've ever heard. Or romance that hits the spot. Like Emily Henry's funny story, heartfelt memoirs like Supreme Court, justice Kanji, brown Jackson's. Lovely one. Listen to the year's best fiction. Like the Women by Kristin Hannah. And Per of all Everett's, brilliantly subversive James. Personally, I've been in a place of B with the best of the B titles. The Butcher in the Run, butcher game, blue Beard. Great titles. You should all check out Bababababa Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to Audible dot com slash Morbid and discover all the years best waiting for you.


There's nothing like the atmosphere of home during the holidays. To create the perfect backdrop for all your holiday memories, shop Wayfair. Wayfair brings together all the thoughtful trimmings, durable cookware, and cozy holiday comforts that you need in one easy to browse place for any budget. My theme this year for the holidays is gingerbread and nutcrackers. And anybody who knows me has not heard me shut up about this because I never will. And guess what? I got a lot of my pieces from Wayfair. I got the cutest nutcrackers to put on my shelf. Love them. I got a super duper cute tree skirt with you guessed it, nutcrackers on it. And I got a couple of gingerbread ornaments to put on my tree. And guess where they were from? You guessed it. Wayfair. There's something for every style and every home, no matter your space or your budget, Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list. From extra seating for the whole family and bedding sets for your guest room to kitchen brands that you love. And tabletop decor for every holiday. Also, it's got free easy shipping. Even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Set the scene for new holiday memories with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Now also, the villagers had come to the place where she was being taken outta the bog. They took several of her teeth, locks of her hair and even some of her bones. But why? Yeah, they just took 'em with a what? I'm like, you guys think this is a demon? And you're like, Hey, let me, let me get a piece of that. Also, I hope they all got haunted as fuck to be honest. So weird. Like you deserve to have an Annabelle situation. You dicks. Hey red hair. There you go. Annabelle. And not Belle baby. Now she was also wearing a heavy wool cloak, which she still had on her when they found her. I want a cloak. And also it appears that she was indeed murdered because there was still a cord made of wool that was wrapped three times around her neck.


Isn't it wild that like even B, c, E, we were just out here killing people. Oh so much. Like why from the dawn of time has everybody been like, kill murder, kill always. We've always been the worst. Yeah. Like what is up with this speech? And this was a, so it was tied in a slip knot and was likely some kind of belt that they used. She also had a stab wound to her chest. Oof. And it was near her collarbone or at the base of her throat. Damn. And the wound had been made by a knife. That's like a shitty area too. Yeah. Basically going for the heart, I would think. Yeah. Yeah. Now her face was actually reconstructed in 1992. I saw that. And it was using the body. It's incredible to look at Richard Neve who was the artist who did it.


And like he, I can't believe that he was able to do that. When you look at the bog body or like, how the fuck did you do that? Yeah. That was my instant thought. Amazing. You can see Edie girl and her reconstruction at the Drench museum in Asin Netherlands. We should go. We should go now. The next one I'm gonna talk about is the Clooney cave in man and the old Rogan man. Okay. So two different people, two different men. Got it. But discovered in the same bog. Okie doke. So in, in the same year too, in 2003, what two bodies were discovered within a three month span of time in bogs, in Clo Clooney, Caven County meth and Rogan Hill, they were found by pea cutters.


Of course. Yeah. Which is, you know, starting to sound like a pretty high risk job. If risk includes finding ritualistically murdered corpses on the regular. That's a risk in my book. Pretty risky. Yeah. The first, which again was called the Clooney cave in man, for obvious reasons. Mm. That's where he was found. Mm. Was actually accidentally cut in half by the machine. Used to dig the peat. Oh no. Yeah. But his upper body showed that he had been brutally murdered. His skull was literally smashed open and his nose, the bridge of his nose was like destroyed. They believed that somebody used a stone axe to hit him in the head and in the nose that like gives me a headache.


It was three blows to the head and one across the body as well with the ax. He was also disemboweled bitch. And this is where it gets crazy. His nipples were noticeably cut off. No, and this is important. I swear I'll come back to It. Is it? I'll come back. Oh It is. He was from all the way back to between 3 92 and 201 BC. Yeah. Where ship popped off apparently definitely popped off with these guys. Literally. Now, when he was examined after being taken out of the bog, clooney caven man's hair actually looked like it was styled. Is that the one that I saw? I I, no, that was a different one.


Oh, okay. This one is actually styled using plant oil they found. So it was intentionally styled. That's what they used. Like literally like gel. How cool is that? Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. A cool that like the bog didn't mess that up. It didn't mess it up And it was in what looked like a mohawk almost. Oh shit. Yeah, he was fucking cool. He was. And the makeshift gel was, I import had to have been imported from either France or Spain. 'cause that's where that specific plant grows. Yo, isn't that wild? That is really fucking cool. So cool. I was like, this is really cool. It is. I was like really into this. This is a, this is, I don't even, it's just a weird thing. Yeah. So the National Museum of Ireland actually used samples of Cloney Cavan's hair to determine that he ate a lot of, they were able to use hair Yeah.


To determine that he ate a, a lot of fresh vegetables. Good for him. And because they were recently ingested by him, they were able to say he was murdered in the late summer or early fall. 'cause that's when they would've been fresh. Mm. Which like, whoa. Summer squash. That's just so wild. They used his crazy hair to say what he ate and then they were able to determine when he died because it had to have been fresh and in season that's why Pros asks you what you eat. There you go. What your eating habits are like Look at that. Always able to take it back. Hey, now that was the, the Cloy Caven man in the Rogan Hill area.


They discovered another body. This was the old Rogan man in the, in a bog. He was also brutally butchered and dumped there. He had defensive wounds on his upper arms where he had apparently tried to stop whatever was stabbing him. Oh. But he was stabbed in the arms instead. Oh. And apparently part of his torture was that he had hazel branches literally threaded through holes that had been cut out of his arms. Girl. Like, whoa. Are those like spiky? I don't know. Branches. Yeah, they're just like branches, like bendable branches. So they had cut holes in his arms. Oh my God. And then threaded branches through them while he was alive.


That is so fucked up. And they did this, they, they put like threaded these branches through him to hold him down in the bog while he was being stabbed in the chest and neck. Oh. Then, then his head had been completely cut off his body and he had been bisected chopped in half. His nipples were also cut off stop. And he was from somewhere between 360 2 and 1 75 bc. Are we gonna get any explanation about the nip nips? We are. Okay. But what also they found a braided, I think he was actually naked like completely except for a braided armand around his bicep.


Hmm. And it was made of leather and it had a bronze amulet in it. Oh. Which is interesting. He was somewhere between six foot six Holy. He was a tall drink of water. Oh honey, we love a tall man. Calm down over there. And he was well-nourished apparently and taking samples from his hair, actually proved that he was wealthy enough to eat meat as part of his regular diet. Which was rare. Yeah. And meant he must have been in the upper echelon out there eating those Turkey legs. So they agree, scientists agree that both of these men were clearly of the upper echelon of social class. They were in their twenties. They were not laborers.


They were well-nourished and showed that they had eaten well in their lives. They also had well manicured nails. Oh. Which could be noticed immediately. And this meant that they definitely hadn't worked for a living. Right. They weren't doing manual labor. Right. This could also mean, apparently I found somewhere else that they could determine that maybe these people were thieves and that they didn't work for their living. They stole for their living. And that's why their hands were well manicured. Okay. But they don't believe that with these two, because they ate so well along with how they ate and their hair and they were able to use styling gel essentially of recorded from fucking fris. Exactly. Like these were clearly not just like thieves. These were upper social class.


Wouldn't it be so cool if like eventually we got, I mean I don't wanna get like too many of these bodies Of course. But we have so many of them. If we got like so many in the same place where we could kind of like trace lineage and everything. Yeah. Truly. You know, like that'd be so cool. I feel like it, it could actually happen. Like we have, so from the sounds of it, so much that we're getting from these and it's like year by year as technology and science like Right. Goes forward and just like gets better and better. They're getting more and more from these bodies. 'cause some of the things that when they would first get them either in the eighties and the fifties and they, you know, even the nineties, they would think one thing, but then we get into the two thousands and everything progressed.


Mm. And then all of a sudden they go, oh wait a second. That wasn't the case is because now we know this. Right. Like some of them, there was a couple that they were like, we don't know if this cracked skull is from the layers of peat moosh crush po peat moss crushing their skull. Or if it was a peri mortem injury. Right, right. And sometimes they would say they think it's from the peat moss and then later they would discover, no, no, that was actually done perm mortem because we can see evidence of swelling around the wounds. That's crazy. Which shows that there was bruising, which shows that there was blood flow while it was happening. That is just like wild. Which is just whoa, whoa. Now the nipple thing Please.


So please know. But also please yes, please know, please, yes. It was important because apparently this led a lot of researchers to believe that these men could have actually been failed kings or people in line of succession who failed to become kings. So if you fail to become a king that you, oh, I'm gonna explain they rip your nips. So are you ready to hear something a little shocking? I mean, I'm gonna say usually from you. Yeah. I'm gonna say a sentence. Oh God. That I didn't know I would ever say she's, she's looking nervous apparently in Ireland back in the day. Oh, she's not Our family, our family sucking on a king's nipples was once suggested as a form of submission.


Wait, what a funny, like to submit to a king. That is what You did. That's hot. I read something, I read something that said, isn't it easier just to kneel and kiss a ring? Like, isn't that just like, like kiss the ring, right? Kind of that like, isn't that easier? Like what? Like you gotta get undressed. Well that's kind, you gotta gotta expose your bosom. Like so kings are just whipping their stories off. Kings are, kings are just horny is what's happening. Kings are Wiley, Wiley coyote, very wily wiley nipple coyotes. So with that in mind, which I'm sorry you have that in mind now, I apologize. But now we're all here together. That's just funny. If you sliced off a king's nipples Yeah.


Then you have officially deemed him ineligible for kingship. So cutting them off this way maybe was a way to remove or even signify the failed kingship. Ah kings or those in line would be ritualistically sacrificed at time at times. Like way back in ancient times. Because if crops failed or cattle got sick or something happened in the village, it's not king's fault. It was the king's responsibility to sacrifice himself through a ritual to bring back the prosperity to his village. Did he have to cut off his own nipples? He didn't have to cut 'em off himself, but he had to have 'em cut off. Oh it's like a lot. Oh gosh. I gotta like, yeah, I gotta go.


According to Irish, the Irish examiner, Ned Kelly, who is the keeper of antiquities at the National Museum of Ireland, Hey. Says quote, cutting them would've made him incapable of kingship in this world. And the next, well shit that doesn't seem fair. Yeah. So you cut it all from here to the netherworld. They're like, you won't even have nipples when you're a ghost motherfucker. I'm saying, but he said there is also the possibility that the nipple cutting was just a degradation thing or a humiliation thing associated with torture and murder. I could see both either way really bad. Wow. And they do believe that with these two, because of everything else kings, that these definitely could have been nobles and in line of succession or failed kings shit.


Yeah. Now let's talk about a bog body mixup that ultimately led to a very or more very when in relative to these ones recent murder conviction. What? Yes. So this is a bog body mixup. Not to be confused with old Greg's downstairs mix up May 13th, 1983, Steven Dooley and Andy Mos were doing the old Pete Moss cut and dig thing. Everybody out here, Pete Mosson just all the time, and they were in Cheshire County, England in the London Moss Bog. They ended up finding during this process a big ball of Pete that was like stuck together and they initially joked that it looked like a dinosaur egg or they were like, oh, it's like a burst football or something.


Spoiler alert. It wasn't. It was not. But then they cleaned it off. It was actually a human skull. Good. That was later determined to be a female who was between the ages of 30 and 50 years old. It was so well preserved that everyone was like, holy shit, this is a recent murder victim. Oh. Like this is not a bog body. From like ancient times, of course authorities started looking into recent missing women in the area. This is the eighties, remember? Mm. And one in particular started to look like it could potentially fit this skull. A woman named Malika Maria de Fernandez, who had gone missing in the sixties and her case had gotten cold. She had never been found when she had originally turned up missing back in the sixties.


Her husband, Peter Rain Bart was in, was interviewed and due to knowledge of their sour marriage and the fact that he lived feet away from this bog, authorities honestly thought he was possibly the one who caused her disappearance. But they just couldn't gather enough evidence to prove it or really to bring him in for much and keep him. Now they had done a full scale investigation and learned that Fernandez was gone traveling the, the person who's missing was had gone traveling a lot. Like they didn't really have a close marriage. It like things were going wrong. And during the time she went missing, she had threatened to tell British authorities that her husband was gay.


Now in the sixties, that was considered a criminal offense in the uk. Fucking wild. So he would've been arrested. She had gone missing after this particular fight. Hmm.


Isn't it funny how the people that we love the most are actually sometimes the hardest to shop for? Luckily there's one gift that everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. An Aura digital picture frame named number one by Wirecutter Aura Frames makes it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give an aura frame as a gift, you can personalize and even preload it with thoughtful messages and photos. Using the Aura app, making it an ideal present for long distance loved ones, it's a gift so special, they'll use it every single day. I always like to find the perfect gift for people. I love to, you know, give the best gift of the day. And when I gave my grandma her aura frame, she cried and cried and cried because we preloaded that with so many wedding pictures. Pictures of Elena's kids, their grandkids. It was just beautiful. For a limited time, visit aura frames.com and get $45 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code Morbid at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code Morbid. This exclusive Black Friday Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


Whether he was gay or not is not what's at stake here. Yeah, that is, nobody really knows the it's whether he murdered was just fact that it was also the fact that she was going to go to the authorities ev, whether he was or wasn't, and say he was. Right. Right, right. So it had been decades and no one had found a trace of Fernandez, but rain bark had been arrested in the interim and he had been released. He wasn't arrested for that. He was arrested on sexual abuse against several children. Oh fuck this guy. So he's an actual piece of shit. Yeah, just keep that in mind for a second. I was like, oh, I feel kind of bad for him. And then I was like, don't have to. Then I like, wow, bye. That's why I was like, we don't know anything about this guy except that he's a piece of shit. Correct. And his cellmates had actually come forward and said that he bragged about killing his wife.


Oh. Chopping her up to pieces and burying her all over his yard. Now they dug up parts of his garden and yard and they found nothing of real importance. So they bring him in for questioning once they found this skull, because it's in the bog next to his house. It's a woman And it's in the right age range. As soon as they begin to explain what they have found to him, he confessed everything. He completely admitted to murdering his wife 20 something years prior. Yep. He told authorities that he had gone into a rage when she threatened to go to the authorities and he had grabbed her and what he said he did was he had shaken her until she died.


Doubt it. Like, okay. Like she's not a baby, sir. No, he said he had immediately gone into problem solving mode and he decided he just had to dismember her entire body with an axe, including decapitating her. And he tried to burn parts of her, but it wasn't working. So he threw them in the bog. Oh. That's why they only found her head so far. He just figured it was a matter of time before they found the rest of her body parts. And that's why he admitted it. Either way he confessed and they'd found her skull. It was a solid case of murder. Wow. Where's the mix up? So off they went to search and gather the rest of Fernandez's remains that were supposed to be in this book, but searching for hours and days, they turned up nothing.


Not one other body part was found. So authorities were like, shit, we, we really have to shore up this head. We have to make sure, you know, we really have to like confirm this is her because if we can't get the rest of her body parts, we gotta have this for our slam dunk. So Detective Inspector George Abbott had the, had the head sent to Oxford University research laboratory for archeology and the history of art to be thoroughly examined, thoroughly dated thoroughly IDed. When they returned their findings, they said yes, this is a woman between the ages of 30 and 50 years old, but it is also a woman who died about 1,700 years ago.


Dude. Whoops. Oh, so when Rain Bart was informed of this, he of course was like, oh my God, yes. I didn't kill her. Just kidding. Phew. Glad we cleared that up. Bring out Ashton Kutcher. Oops. Because I just punked you. Whoa. I was totally kidding. I was playing the long game. But they were like, no, you definitely did it. You piece of shit and you con you can admitted to it, fuck off. Yeah. Bye. And his murder charge stood and he was sentenced to life in prison. Good. They were never able to find Fernan Fernandez's real body. Oh, I hope they do someday. But he did go to prison for life. He definitely did it.


He admitted it to several people, including the authorities and he was, he admitted it based on a 1,700 year old head that he thought was his wife's that that's some witch shit. That is some bog body justice right there. That's exactly what that is. That is some good vibes coming out and being like, we're gonna get some justice for this missing woman. I like it. While also founding a bog body. I'm obsessed. I thought that like blew my mind in that case. That's insane. When I came across that, I was like, well shit. Do you think that he really buried her where like nobody would find her? Or do you really think he put her in the bog? I think he might've put her in the bog, but it's so big and it's like layers and layers of peat mos.


So, so she might be found something. So who knows where she, he put her, who knows if he put all of the pieces in the bog and some of them are buried other places. Like who really knows? He said he tried to burn some. He also sounds like a liar too though because they said that I, I, I think he killed her obviously. Yeah, but he said he put her in the garden. They didn't find anything. Yeah, I think he's a lying sex shit. Yeah, he's a bullshitter either way. He's in prison for life. Goodbye. Fuck that guy. Let's get onto more bog bodies, shall we? So let's talk about the lindo moss bog bodies. So in the same bog that they found this bo body in, they found the remains of a very well preserved 20-year-old man who later in 1984 the press apparently named Pete Marsh.


Not where'd they get the Pete from? Which like, okay press. Yeah. Like this is an actual person. Yeah. Like maybe don't. Okay press, let's just keep like the naming convention with where they are found. Yeah. Like we don't need to add some like silly little like Pete Marsh. Yeah. No. Okay. Rude. Now the bo, this body was another one with manicured nails and a neatly done beard and a neatly done hairstyle. NPP nippy or no nipples? I honestly this one, I don't know if he, I think he did have nipples actually. Okay. But he was well-nourished and he was obviously of a higher class. He had been placed into the bog naked with only a leather arm lit around his left bicep.


Hmm. Amulet it. I didn't see an amulet, but there was definitely a braided leather, like something around. Interesting. I wonder if that was like a symbol of something back then. I don't know. They could, this is what we get to find out, right? Like this is what's so cool about these things is we're seeing all these patterns and different things that are connecting people into like, well this must be ritualistic because of this or Right. This is what they did back then. It's just so cool. But according to BB, C, he was killed with repeated blows to his head. He was then carotid, he had his throat sliced open and he was forced to swallow missile toe shit then still alive. He was pushed with a very s like severely violent knee to the back.


Ooh. While he was kneeling and he fell into the bog and drowned in the bog water. Oh my god. Yeah. So the blows showed signs of swelling around two of them, which means he was very much alive when they were inflicted. The last blow was to the top of his head and it forced skull matter into his brain. Ooh. They believed too. This is wild. They believe that the noose was tightened as they cut his throat so that it would force the blood out quicker and create more of a show almost spraying it. Like basically spraying it out so brutally that they would bathe everyone around him and him in his blood hygienic.


And what's wild is, in the book that I was telling you guys about that I'll definitely tag in the show notes, she talks about how this also is really scary and like very interesting because it shows that they had a very good grasp on anatomy. Yeah. That's how the body worked. And they were able to like bring these people to the brink of death and then pull them back. Yeah. And then bring them again and pull them back. Like it was very brutal, scary, very thought out, very intricate torture. And like to be able to know that if you squeeze on that certain vessel as you cut that, it's going to create that wild spray of blood and make it like a show like theatrical.


That's so wild that they were able to think like that back then. It's insane. And like have that weird control over a human body. It's just like really creepy. And I hadn't thought of it until Miranda, the author of that book, like brought it up in one of the chapters And I was like, oh, you're right. Right. There was also evidence that he had inhaled Sphagnum. So he was very much alive when he was pushed into the bog. He inhaled the bog water. Oh, a lot of overkill with this one. Definitely. So after that one, we're gonna talk about the gr bale man, I believe that's how you say it. This is a wild injury preserved in time forever. April 26th, 1952, Pete Cutters shocking were doing their thing in a bog near be nebel guard fern in the village of gr bale Denmark.


When they discovered what appeared to be a very recent corpse entangled in the bog, It is not very recent. They actually thought that this was like within the last like 10 year, they were like, this is a very recent body. And they informed the village doctor and Ulrich sev an archeologist of this discovery. They, when they came to see it, they were like, whoa, this is wild. And they in turn turned this over to the researchers at the Orus Museum of Prehistory. This man was over 2,300 years old. Oh my God. And he was probably about 30 years old when he was brutally murdered. He was naked. He had a ton of hair that looks very fiery. Auburn.


This is the guy that you saw that you thought had a wig on. Okay. He reminded me of the professor from Harry Potter. Yes. Right. Lockhart the hair you're thinking of Lockhart, right? Yes. Yep. Yeah. Lockhart's like crazy hair. You're right. Yes. It's very much like that. Yeah, actually. Wow. That's wild. And obviously we've learned that this probably wasn't his natural hair color. Maybe he had lockharts hair color, actually perhaps, you know, bog gases and shit. He had well manicured nails and his face had preserved and this is the craziest part of him. His face was preserved in a horrifically pained expression. I bet he looks like he was grimacing in his mouth is wide open. Yeah. 'cause what were they doing to him before?


Let's go. Yeah. So what's most upsetting is the gaping wound in his throat. It's brutal. This wound, it's not a slice, it's a gaping wound. What? Someone did it with such force and savage savagery that they almost cut the head off completely. It was literally hanging on by skin. What did they do you think? Well, according to bog bodies uncovered that book, there was a huge, very intense slice across the throat and then some small other cuts with a smooth, sharp bladed instrument that struck the cervical vertebrae, severed the pharynx and made a large hole in the mouth. That's how deep it was.


Mild my, it stretched virtually from ear to ear. Both carotid arteries and the jugular vein were severed. Oh. He was also stabbed from behind. And they believed that a sword or some kind of very big blade, like a machete type of thing was used. They also found an open wound and a break of his left tibia. Oh, they were sure this one occurred while he was being tortured. Oh. And was caused by some blunt instrument being slammed into his tibia repeatedly. No, no, no, no. Until not only did it break the bone, but it opened the skin on top of it. Oh, mama's getting nauseous over here. Yeah. Mama's literally getting nauseous. They were also able to find that in his stomach.


He had last ate porridge with lots of herbs in it and there were signs of him having it ingested. Ergot ergot, which we talked about ergot in the Salem witch trials episode. It is a poisonous fungi often found in grains. It can cause like hallucinogenic like responses, hysteria, essentially. Damn. And sometimes they think they might have used that in ritualistic sacrifices. They would give this person this like hallucinogenic shit as part of the ritual. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. My tibia still hurts. Yeah. You know when you get that, like if you hear like, oh it hurts. I know it hurts your, you're like, wanna rub your leg? I'm too much of an empath. So let's talk about the last bog body we're gonna talk about in this one.


Is this like a crescendo type of deal? Not real. I mean it's, it's bad. Okay. It's definitely bad. But it's like they're all pretty bad. I mean, yeah. So we're talking about the Rao's woman. She was discovered in 1879 near Rao's dead mark. I hope I'm saying that correctly. She was found by Neils Hansen who was a teacher and he was digging Pete when he saw her. She was thought to have died when she was around 40 years old, which again would make her pretty elderly. And she looks elderly, like she looks like an older woman and was killed around one 60 bc. She was wearing two, what they called skin cloaks, but they were like animal skin. Okay. And a woolen cloak. And her hair was chopped off almost to the scalp.


Ooh. Her right arm had been viciously hacked off and was found lying next to her. What are you doing? She also had a long leather, like leather type strap that was wrapped around her hair and then twice around her neck. Oh wow. Her left arm had been bound to her body with another strap and her left leg had been hacked at as well. Why? And it's believed that she was drowned after being abused and mutilated. My god. Now that is the hold. Most woman bog bodies are insanely fascinating. The fact that we can tell what they ate and how they lived thousands of years later is insane. Wild. Like my brain we're like, like my brain will not wrap around it No properly.


When you look at them, and I'm gonna cover more of these in another episode just because I can't not read this. It's ing this. It's like very interesting when you look at them, you just can't come to terms with the fact that that is a 2000 plus year old human being. Not at all. Like you can't do it. Not at all. Because they're not like mummified in the classic sense of mummification. Like we've heard about, you know, like, like you know under ice, the some people are preserved for like thousands of years, which is also wild. Yeah. And like mummies are very well preserved, but like this is just, and this is water. Well and this is like natural. This is just when water. Yeah. Like it's so crazy and just like the weird, like chemicals and like, and just the violence associated with the bog bodies is a very interesting thing.


My favorite part of the whole entire thing was learning that even back then people were using hair gel. Yeah. Like obviously you know that 'cause like as, as early as like the beginning of time people use like berries and shit for makeup. You don't think about it, but you don't, especially hair, gel hair like I would gel. I would never think about that to style into like a fauxhawk kind of thing was so cool. Wild. So that is the beginning at least of bog bodies. That was really cool. I've literally never heard of those before. Very interesting subject. So I hope that you guys enjoyed it too. Yeah, I hope You did. And we also hope that you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you make somebody suck. Your nipples too, make you feel noble by kinship.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music before you go. Tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Whether you're scouring business financial sites, or listening to economics podcasts like this one till your ears ring, you'll find there's no surefire secret to successfully managing your company's finances for the future. It turns out you might just need to pair with PNC, corporate and institutional banking whose team of dedicated relationship managers bring 160 years of experience, pragmatic advice, and an array of tools in tech to scale to any size business. In fact, they're so tuned into what you need. They knew you'd be listening to this podcast as for that ringing in your ears. That's the brilliant sound of success. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring. Since 1865, PNC and PNC Bank are registered marks of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC, copyright 2024. The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved.