
Hey weirdos, Elena here. If you're looking to kick back and relax with Morbid Wondery Plus is the way to go. It's like having a cozy seat in our haunted mansion. No ads, just you and early access to new episodes. You can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or an Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Tap into your wellbeing with advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on better health relationships, career finance, investing, and more. Maybe you wanna kick a bad habit or start a good one. Speaking of, I'm actually listening to The Secret on Audible. I love that title so much. And 10 Outta 10 recommend. The Soundscaping is Pristine. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationship, career, finance, investing, and more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash Morbid.


Have you ever grown tired of searching for your favorite movies and TV shows across your numerous streaming accounts? I have like 457 streaming accounts, at least I used to. And it can be so frustrating to have your favorite content live across multiple logins and apps. You're always forgetting your logins. It's a pain in the butt. But on Prime Video, you can add over 100 subscriptions like Max Apple TV and Paramount Plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime Video account with one login and one password. That's so much more easy to remember. There's also a hundred more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports, all in one app. I personally, oh my God, I'm obsessed with the Yellow Jackets. I literally dove into the entire series and I was able to watch it on Prime Video with a Paramount Plus subscription instead of having to log into a separate app to watch. And I also even watch White Lotus through Prime because they have Max as well. So check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


Hey Weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And This right here, this little thing. You're listening to Morbid. This is Morbid. I was trying to sound like Victoria from White Lotus. Thank you. There you go. I think that's her name. Parker Poseys character. I have no idea. I haven't watched that yet. Oh, I know, I don't. I'm trying, you know, it takes me a long time for, I Don't know if it's your bag. I don't, every time someone mentions it, I'm like, maybe. Yeah. I don't know why it doesn't. I love it. It, excuse me, but, and I, it's like a great show.


I would re recommend. I would commend it to most. You absolutely gonna say, I don't know if, I don't know If you Would love it. You don't know if I like it. No, I mean, maybe I'll give it a shot and see. I mean, go for it. You like do it. You're your own person. You're Allowed Live your best life, bitch. But I love, I'm liking this season and I was just playing Alina, a clip of Parker Poseys interview where she does all her weird voices. Her southern accent. Tsunami. Tsunami. Well That was a good one. That was really good. Thank you. I liked that. Thank you so much. No, Ash has just gotten me into Yellow Jackets, so I'm almost done with the first season. I dig it. She's not, yeah, she's not current, so don't give her any spoilers because I will come for you. Yeah, don't give me spoilers. I'm trying to, I'm current.


Yeah, guys, we're in the fucking trenches thick of it. You are. I'm trying to get there thick of it. It takes us a long time to get through a a show. John and I, so They're coming up on episode. We're getting there episode seven of The first season. So there We go. There's so many things I wanna say. I was gonna, it's really good though. I was gonna signify something to the listeners, but I can't, I love Christina Ricci. I would lay Down with the fire of a thousand sons. I would Lay down my life for Yeah. I love her so much. That's, that's all I can say about it. But also, I'm sure we're weeks out at this point, but Probably pretty Cool that Tobias Forge was on the show. Huh? Do you guys understand how hard it was for both of Us to keep that from you?


So hard. So hard. She right now You're Glowing. I'm glowing. You're glowing. It was so fun. It was so fun. Was He's always a fun guest. He's delightful. He's a very, very nice man. He Is delightful. And we got to have Doug Bradley on. I love Doug Congratulated me. 'cause he congratulated Tobi on the success. He congratulated Elena on her book and he said, I didn't congratulate you on anything, Ash. I said, that's fine. I just exist. And he congratulated me on being Wonderful. Just being wonderful. I said, thank you so much Doug Bradley forever. I'll remember that for the rest of my life. Doug And his wife Steph are two of my favorite people. They're very cool. Like they're, they're just delightful people. Yeah.


But yeah, that was a fun little like, surprise we had. 'cause Tobias and Doug are, are grow there. So, 'cause he called him Toby through the whole thing. Toby, it was amazing. Doug Bradley's voice is the most calming voice, voice I've ever heard in my life. Very Soothing. If I, I, I need to be like, like can I call him when I'm having a panic attack? You should just be like, Doug, why not Just be Ted to calm me down? He reads books on YouTube. Oh yeah. So If you ever wanna hear Doug Bradley read a book, boom. You know, That's what I'll, I'll do next time. I have a panic attack. Just, he can just read you a story. There you go. But it was a lot of fun. We got to talk about the new album, which has finally been announced Skelet. Very cool. And I got to hear it To hear it.


It's a little Bit of A flex real early. That's a big flex I'm excited about. You guys are gonna love it. And I can't wait to see everybody at the shows. Yeah. This year it's got a, so we can all freak out together. It's got a different vibe. It does. But it's so fucking, It's cool. I think it's a really cool vibe. So fucking good. And you guys have heard Satan Eyes So fun. The music video for that Is awesome. We got to see Papa Papa Perpetua. And we got some inside scoop on that music video. Yeah. So If you haven't listened to that episode, you gotta go listen. Yeah. You gotta listen A little. There's a, there's a cool, fun fact in there. There is. Toby confirmed that. Toby confirmed, if I may. It was really cool though. And you guys have been so sweet.


The comments on that video so far, you guys are just really sweet. 'cause you know how excited I am about it. Yeah. And everybody's just been really kind and I appreciate that as they should be, queen. This is a win for all of us. It's, it's, and you're all gonna fucking love the new album and I can't wait to see you and hang out with you at the go shows. 'cause I love running into people who listen to the show at those As Adore Delano says, party, party, Let's go party. So that's really fun. We hope you dug it. 2025 has been pretty sweet outside of the entire world crumbling. Well, you just, I think it makes you In my own little bubble. It's been, yeah. It makes you clinging harder to the things that are the wins that are good. Yes. That's the thing. It's like the wins. You gotta celebrate the wins right now because like, because They're few and motherfucking far between Because boy, outside of those, it's, it's, it's rough.


So celebrate your wins. Yes. And also be Excited about the things you wanna be excited about. Exactly. I saw Elise Myers, who, like, again, I love Elise, who doesn't love Elise Myers. I saw her say something about how she almost got embarrassed because she got very excited about something. Yeah. And someone told her to like, calm it down. Fuck that. And she was like, I almost got embarrassed. And then I said, fuck that. Like, I am very lucky to be excited about things. So I'm gonna continue to, And why the fuck are you on the planet? Like, what does all this even mean? Yeah. If you're not excited. So just like about things, not all the time, Obviously, but be excited about things. If you, if something excites you and gets you going and makes you excited, be as excited as you wanna be and don't feel embarrassed about it.


Yeah. And don't make 'cause if, especially if other adults are trying to be like, Ugh, you're so weird, you're so cringey. No. That means that they've never had something to be that excited about. And what we should feel is pity for them. And what are we all? So make sure that you are excited about the things you should be because you have earned your excitement. Okay. What Are we all, everybody's just looking for something to be excited about. Yeah. What are we on this planet for? If you can't get excited about shit. Yes. I thought, you know, like get excited And get excited about whatever the fuck you want to, I'm excited and I hope you all have shit to be excited for. Yes. And I hope you do. Big, small, medium in between, doesn't matter. Be excited. I'm manifesting that for all of y'all. Yeah. I got A new couch and I am fucking fuck stoked about it.


Get excited About it. Go crazy. I just start jumping on the couch at to Tom Cruise. Celebrate, Celebrate that you just slide through the living room in your Underwear. I just might, I just might. You can do, I love it. What is that risky business? Yeah. Risky business. Yeah. All all the Tom Cruise. You Know what's so funny? I'm of the age that, that just makes me think of Rob's character had never been kissed. Oh my God. Yeah. That's also a great one. A great movie, but wow. A great one. Don't ever think too deeply about It. No, definitely. Don't Just take it for what it is. It's Pretty horrifying when you think about it and It's core. Yeah. Watching that as an adult for the first time, you're like, oh, oh no. As a kid I'm like, oh my god, romance and love you.


That's so cool. And then I watched it as an adult for the first time, like a few years ago and I was like, oh, this, this movie's dark as fuck it. It's Dark. But I love, Its a horror movie. It's it's horror movie At its core. It's a horror movie. That scene at the prom when they're dancing No to the No, It's, It's a race and a race and rewind. I have been obsessed with that song since I was like six years old because of that Movie. That's a diabolical scene. It's, it's diabolical All's the thing. That's the thing. It's rough, It's different. But You know what some, I'm gonna talk about something pretty terrible right now. Well, It Is Morbid. So coming off of a really sneakily horrifying movie, we're going, We're gonna Go into something that is equally sneakily as horrifying.


Oh, is it molasses? What? Yep. Like Gingerbread cookie Molasses. Yeah. Like straight up molasses. We're gonna talk about Boston's great molasses flood of 1919. If You've ever been on a duck tour, you know, they mention it. Come on to Boston. We'll tell y about It. We will. Oh my God. And do a duck tour. It's so Fun. Do a duck tour. If you come to Boston. It's, it's a lot of fun. It is. They're, They're silly. And you get, You get a lot of nifty little history facts. Yeah. You'll learn a lot. You do Also do some of the wa I'm not, we're not being paid by like the city of Boston to do this. I'm just like, If you are those walking tours too. Oh My gosh. I love those. A lot Of them are fun. They're, they dress up like, you know, like they're from the period. Yeah. You know, we talked minute about The Yeah.


You know, the revolution. All the fun stuff. Do it. It's fun. Study The revolution. This was not great at all. And it's like one of it's remembered and it's mentioned, but I feel like it's lesser remembered and mentioned as we go on. I Didn't learn about this in school. Yeah. Which Is pretty Terrible. Actually. The first time I ever learned about this was on a duck Tour. Yeah. See and that's crazy. Yeah. The fact that we don't talk about this, like it's a, it's a wild story. And it had a high death toll. Yeah. This was a tragic, tragic event that happened in Boston. I don't know a lot about it. Yeah. It was, it caused an unbelievable damage to one of the city's oldest neighborhoods.


And it injured more than 150 people. Damn. And 20 one people died. Yeah. That I didn't know, including children. There were children that died. And I mean, not, you know, like in one life over the other, but like, it's awful. Yeah. And again, for, for an event that's, that was so like remarkable and very strange. Like it's a strange event. It is. Yeah. A molasses flood. Like that's weird. It's still kind of unknown. Exactly what caused it to happen. It happened at the purity, the purity distilling company. Their molasses storage tank was the one that burst damn and dumped its contents across the North End. And it really is one of Boston's most bizarre pieces of Oh, absolutely.


History and folklore. Yeah. To this day, like it's so tragic and so bizarre. Boston has like a lot of bizarre history actually. We're pretty bizarre. We're bizarre. Yeah. Boston's bizarre. We're bizarre kid. So by the final months of 1918, Boston, like many other cities around the United States had been through it. Mm. Been through it. Yeah. That summer, the influenza pandemic hit the city really hard and there were more than 200 deaths by the end of the season. Thousands more were gonna be lost. Before things were even under control. It was really bad. The pandemic had forced a lot of the theaters, nightclubs, and restaurants to close down. We've seen that before. We've seen that repeat.


Yep. And the city cemeteries had been forced to erect like circus tents essentially on the grounds in order to hide the backlog of unburied coffins from public view. Jesus. Yeah. That's brutal. Yeah, it was. It was as though there was nowhere in the city that somebody could go to just avoid reminders of tragedy, loss and hardship. It was not a good time. Yeah. Now, in addition to the calamity caused by the flu, the end of World War, I presented a lot of challenges to those whose businesses had been forced to kind of like pivot and reorient themselves to accommodate increased manufacturing needs of the military. The United States Industrial Alcohol Company, the USIA is what I'll call them.


For example, they had been one of the nation's largest producers of industrial alcohol for the military during the war years. But with the demand for munitions kind of dropping in the final months of the war, the USIA kind of found themselves in a position of having to again, pivot the other way and develop new products and strategies just to remain in business. Now, before the war, a certain percentage of CIA's output was grain alcohol. And many on the company's board felt that the shift back to producing grain alcohol was precisely the type of quick pivot necessary to keep this company going, at least for a short term. Yeah. The problem though was that retooling the Cambridge plant to produce grain alcohol was gonna take a lot of time.


And the production of the liquor itself took time. And time was not something that a lot of people had. It was not of the essence. Yeah. It was in short supply at that time. The constitutional amendment banning the manufacturer and sales of alcohol in the US had passed both houses the previous December and was set to go into effect in January, 1920. Oh no, that meant, that meant USIA would have just a little more than a year of production before ceasing operations Completely. So they needed to get out all they could. Yeah. They gotta get out. But the company, you know, determined that if they could distill a sufficient amount of alcohol in the first quarter, they would have enough time to get it bottled and shipped out before prohibition went into effect, thereby saving the company that November, CIA's company Secretary Arthur Gel, placed a large order for molasses from Cuba.


This was gonna be scheduled to be delivered in mid-January 1919. That gave gel and the company enough time to retrofit the Cambridge plant, you know, like get it ready to do this kind of production. Right. To caulk the massive storage tank on Commercial Street, which was on Boston's wharf and develop a schedule for round the clock production once the molasses actually arrived. Now gel had been integral to the pro the operations and really all the strategic planning of the company and had also been instrumental in guiding them through what was really like uncertainty in the war years. Yeah. Like he helped them kind of stay the course. So if anyone could pull off the temporary reorient orientation of this plant, it was gonna be gel.


Maybe now to those who'd lost their jobs to the pandemic closures or, you know, it's so weird to hear that it really is like history really does repeat itself. It surely does. And so they either lost it to the, the pandemic closures or they lost it for, you know, in the downturn of demand for manufacturing the USA's new production strategy, even if it was temporary, was a welcome piece of news to them. Yeah. Because they were like, I'll take anything at this point. The retrofit of the distillery and the resealing of the tank meant dozens if not hundreds of new job opportunities were now arising, which is great. And these were job opportunities for metal workers, machine operators, and plant hands, all of whom we're gonna be working like round the clock over time to get everything done on this like really tight turnaround timeline.


Still filling these positions wouldn't be as easy as it would be under normal circumstances. Because again, the outbreak of the pandemic had kind of knocked out countless ordinary able-bodied workers. Yeah. So it's not like everybody was ready to jump back to work. So gel was gonna have to take what he could if he was gonna have everything ready on time, he just had to work with it. So already we're seeing like Uhoh. Yeah. Not great to start out like that. And I'm sure this isn't shocking, but unfortunately significant problems presented themselves almost immediately. Oh goody. The North End tank, which was to hold the molasses when it arrived, had been pretty hastily built in 1915 to meet the unexpected demands of war.


I feel like you don't wanna hastily build A tank. A giant tank. Yeah. Don't Wanna do that. Any kind of tank really. No.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up pretty fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And this month, BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that I have ever offered on this show. With 90% off your first week guys, don't miss this. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. I've benefited from therapy so much. I feel like everybody should go to therapy at least once in their lives. It just gives you the tools that you need to get through your day to day. And with over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus you can switch therapists anytime your wellbeing is worth it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash Morbid to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Morbid.


When you open a chime checking account, you're one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees. Fee free, overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Making progress has never been easier. And If you wanna access your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Morbid. One thing that I really, really love about Chime is that fee free overdraft up to $200. Because overdraft fees used to straight up ruin my life, I would literally be getting my next check and paying off my overdraft fees with it. So join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. A chime checking account helps you make progress with that fee free overdraft up to $200. The next deposit is applied to your balance. You get spotted on debit card purchases and cash withdrawals. There's no monthly fees or maintenance fees, and there's over 50,000 fee free ATMs to use. And to date, chime has spotted members over $30 billion make progress toward a better financial future. With Chime open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Morbid. That's chime.com/ Morbid. Chime feels like Progress banking services and debit card provided by the Bankcorp Bank. NA or Stride Bank. NA members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs. myPay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limit range $20 to $500 $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


Because of this, when the metal workers from Walter Fields and sons began caulking the seams of the steel tank, the flaws were pretty apparent immediately. Oof. According to author Stephen p Paleo, I believe it's Paleo, I hope I'm saying his name correctly. It Sounded like you said his good Name. His good name. I don't to ruin say good name. His good name. Stephen. I hope I'm saying your good name correctly. That's great. So according to Stephen, he said, quote molasses leaked from several different seams, squeezing through the rivets and sliding down the steel walls like lazy brown rivers plopping onto the plate, pavement below, and spreading slowly into thick pools. Fun.


Whenever the men would hose off the tank's, exterior beads of dark molasses would just reappear almost immediately at the seams. Oh no, we should probably empty that tank, y'all. Yeah. The job was frustrating and pretty arduous as well. But finally, just one day before Christmas, the tank was finished and it was deemed ready for the molasses shipment. It's a Christmas miracle. It's a Christmas miracle. We can fill it with the lash. Not so much. On January 12th, 1919, the ship, which was called the Maro, arrived in Boston Harbor from Cuba carrying 1.3 million gallons, 600,000 gallons of which was going to be pumped into the usia tank in the North End of molasses.


Blink, blink, Blink, Blink. 1.3 million gallons came over on that ship. Damn. 600,000 gallons was going into that tank. I don't think there's any way for me to actually appropriately Picture that conceive of that in my mind. Yeah. I just can't, my brain won't conceive of it. No, it's a lot of molasses. Oh, on one boat that Came over one ship, it was like a big cargo ship. I mean, yeah, of course. Yeah. But damn. I know. That's crazy. It's crazy. So despite the freezing temperatures and even colder wind chill, 'cause remember we're wearing Bain in January, honey, It's cold. The molasses, which had been warmed in advance, moved smoothly through the pump into the tank. And by the following morning, the shipment was Completed.


Probably smelled so good in there. Oh, so good. Like gingerbread cookies. Yeah, exactly. With their job done, the, the ship left the docks headed for Brooklyn where they were gonna deliver the remainder of the molasses. Now, not long after the ship had left the haba, the Haba residents and workers in the area of the wharf began to hear some sounds. They heard some loud cracking and pinging sounds. That's never a sound you really want to hear. So this was a sound, the warm molasses was mixing with the cold, thick molasses that was already in the tank. Oh. Now this was not entirely foreign to hear these kinds of sounds because since being built several years earlier, locals had grown accustomed to like some metallic groans emanating from the tank as like different liquids settled.


Yeah. Because it is a cold tank. It's like, you know, you're gonna hear some sounds. Yeah. And especially mixing the worm with the cold. Exactly. What the locals didn't know though at this time, was that the mix of old and new molasses increase the temperature inside the tank, pressurizing it, which set off the fermentation process and produce gases in that process. Oh shit. With the tank now holding a whopping 2.3 million gallons of molasses, holy shit. It was nearly at f nearly at full capacity. Not even completely Leaving very little room for expansion. And it couldn't, it was just trapping the gases in this small amount of head space remaining in the tank.


Which is not good. That's not good. Sometimes that happens with my sourdough starter. And it sounds like there's a gas leak in my house. There you go. Drew and I were literally sitting on the couch one night and it was like scary. I was, what the fuck? We literally searched everywhere. We were like, oh, oh my God. And it was my fucking sourdough starter. Damn. Yeah. That's scary. It was very scary. That's why I can't do sourdough Do scary. There's so many reasons you can't sourdough freak salad out. It's The feeding it. It's the Alina thinks it's too humid. It's That thing telling you it's hungry and I can't, I can't do it, man. So the first few weeks of January in Boston, like normal had been frigidly cold. Yep. Temperatures were as low as two degrees.


But on the morning of the 15th, as often happens, we got a Heat wave. They awoke to find an unseasonably warm day. It's just suddenly like, oh, we're in spring now. And unseasonably warm for Boston in that time is like 48 degrees. Yeah, exactly. We're like, shit. We're like, oh, on flip flops, babe. Holy Shit. And oh, and it eventually reached into the forties. I called it. We were there. A true Bostonian. That's it. Oh, when it hits the forties, you're like, you don't have to wear a jacket. We're fine. No, I literally stopped wearing my jacket. Throw that sweatshirt on. Yes. We're just gonna, we're here for a light sweater day. I Don't know how warm it is today, but I've been rolling without a jacket. It's gorgeous today. It's gorgeous. And what is, let, let's see. I was just gonna say, have to, It's 43 degrees.


It's 43 degrees. And I'm like, it's gorgeous. I'm like, oh my God. It's also so fucking wind out today. It Is. It's literally got like 90 degrees, 90 miles per hour winds. And we're like, it's beautiful out. Yeah. The wind gusts right now are 23 miles an hour. Feels great. Outside 45. We saw the sun. So there's that. Yeah, we always look through that. So yeah, it's, it's an, it's been freezing in Boston, but on this day, the 15th of January, it was unseasonably warm in the forties. So Everybody wanted to go out. Huh? Everyone's outside because it's gorgeous. And you gotta get some air On the wharf. The workers from USIA, the workers there began preparing for the days to come when the giant molasses tank would be emptied onto railroad cars and taken to Cambridge where it was going to be fermented and processed the, this was gonna be a big job.


Yeah. So they were getting ready for it. Alright. A little past 12:30 PM everyone on the wharf was going about the usual business. Loading, unloading, cargo, milling about on lunch breaks. Normal thing after such a long period of freezing temperatures, the warm weather, you know, like, like we always say, it hits the forties, it's early spring here, let's go. So like, let's go. And many of the residents and workers, like we were saying, didn't wanna miss a chance to be outside on such a lovely spring Day because you get so fucking cooped up And everything's dry and you feel like you Just like, yeah, you just gotta get some Air. You get cabin fever. That's what everyone's outside. Yeah. Like you, like we were saying it, everybody's outside. It's a beautiful day. Then they heard the sounds.


Oh God, I can't imagine the sounds I can would freak me the fuck out. These are loud, scary sounds. Sounds, it's Like apocalyptic sound. Feel. Oh, It's awful. Feel awful. And it was unlike anything they'd ever heard coming from the direction of the giant molasses tank. Later. Boston police officer, Frank McManus would. Of course I was. That is I'm, I could not I know. Could that. I know I couldn't, Frank. Oh, Frank Mc McManus. That's like, yeah, that's, you Know, Frankie McMahon. Ah, that's my guy. That's my gold boy. You Know, Frankie McManus Obsessed. You know, He would describe it as quote, a machine gun like rat tat tat sound and an unearthly grinding and scraping a bleeding that sounded like the whale of a wounded beast.


He should probably write something. Frankie McManus, If you don't write a book, Frankie McManus is a goddamn damn poem. That's fucking terrifying. Terrifying though, Because You're probably sitting there like, what the fuck is that? Like, Did the side of the earth just get cracked? I just scared the apo, like the the four horsemen were on their way. Yeah. I'd be like, what's going on? And you hear the trumpets? Yeah. Oh, I'm still waiting. That Idea scares the shit outta Me. That like happens sometimes though. The trumpeting. Yeah. Like People hear that shit. I think it's all fake personally, but I, but I appreciate it because it scares the shit out of me no matter What. I mean, of course it's fake because otherwise the end of the world would've happened. Like it's definitely fake. But like the videos, whenever they used it, show those where it was like, we're hearing trumpeting in the sky.


Sometimes people hear other things though. That sound like it and it and it's still scary as fuck. Yeah. No matter what. I appreciate how terrifying it's, I don't wanna hear shit like that. No, I don't want that. I don't That away from me. Royal Albert Lehman, a brakeman for the Boston elevated railroad was driving the train when quote, his ears filled with the scream of tearing steel. Oh God. North End resident, Martin Clady heard a deep rumble that woke him from his sleep. Joseph Hiller was on his way back to work on the docks when he heard it. And he felt the rumble when he looked in the direction of the harbor. He saw the big tank open up and fall apart. Holy shit.


While the wall of molasses 50 feet high in the front, rolled out over the ground with a seething, hissing sound, 50 Feet high. And if you've ever baked with molasses, it's goo. Just a jar of Molasses. It is so viscous. Think of That. And now think of like what that can do. And it's like a blob. It's literally like a horror Movie. Well, and I assume like, I mean, it's rushing at you, first of all. Oh yeah. It's gonna asphyxiate you so it's second. You can't move And like you're, it's like quicksand. Oh yeah. You're stuck in it. Holy. Think of how sticky that is. And thick. Oh my God. Yeah. I don't, how did they even clean that Up? I know. So later that day, the Boston Globe reported once the low rumbling sound was heard, no one had a chance to escape.


Oh, that's horrifying. And the scene on the docks, which was very calm, very serene a few minutes earlier, had been thrown into total chaos and panic from his train car on the elevated tracks. Lehman, who he talked about before, looked out the window and saw quote, a black mass bearing down on him, darkening the sky. Jesus Christ. Just before he felt the tracks buckle and the train began to tip. Oh God. In his bedroom on the third floor, Martin Cloudy came to, to several feet of molasses. And he said, it didn't dawn on me that it was molasses I was in, but it was already all around me. Martin told, told, and he's in his apartment. So in his house, he broke through his fucking, oh my God.


Martin told a reporter from the globe, I thought I was overboard. A pile of wreckage was holding me down in a little way from me. I saw my sister. Oh my God. Now the Ty's house had been hit by the giant wave of molasses and knocked from its foundation. Oh, take that in. It had been knocked, A house was knocked from its foundation. So he like he came to where like he was, he was, the whole house was sent into the elevated train line. Oh my God. Yeah. Martin said it seemed as if the house had split in two when it hit the elevated structure. And I was in one side and my people in the other.


What the fuck? The cloud's house was just one of the many structures in the neighborhood that was completely demolished by the wave of molasses. According to the globe. The building seemed to cringe up as though they were made of pace board. As Mary Musk go put, looked out her window and across the street to the Cloudy's house, she said she saw the entire building fly into the air. Oh my God. Yeah. You can't even conceive of that. You can't conceive of it. No. Like it's so, it's so gnarly what happened here, moving as fast as 35 miles per hour, the wave of molasses that flooded the North End devastated everything in its path.


Of course it did. Six buildings in the immediate vicinity of the tank were completely gone. Just totally demolished. Flattened within seconds of, and one of the steel beams supporting the elevated line train line was knocked down a A steel. Steel beam. Steel beam. Steel. The public, a public works. Horses who were kept in the stalls near the wharf were either smothered in the flood or quote, so severely injured as their stables collapse that they were shot by policemen to end their suffering. Oh, that breaks my heart. Yeah. Oh, I hate that. On Commercial Street, a man walking underneath the elevated train line was thrown from his feet and sent several feet into the air before landing hard on his face and hands, oh god. Nearby Charles Whitby was driving his wagon down commercial Street when he was struck by the wave.


He was thrown from the cart as he had flipped, and it sent him into the break wall and killed his horse. Oh my God. A few yards from him, two train cars had been knocked from the tracks and thrown into nearby lampposts, knocking them free from the ground. So the lampposts are flying like this is literally catastrophic, like a disaster. Apocalyptic, just things fo houses, trains, cars flying everywhere. And it's probably not occurring to anyone in the moment that it's molasses what the fuck is happening. So they're probably just like, what the fuck is this? Seriously? Like how would you, it would never even occur to you that that's molasses. No. You know, what the fuck is this? Right. At the diner on Commercial Street across from the wharf, Robert Burnett was eating lunch with his, with his family.


When the tank burst. He said there was a rumble, no roar explosion. That's what he told the Boston Post. And he said, I thought it was an elevated train until I heard a swish as if a wind was rushing. Then it became dark. I looked out the window and saw this great black wave coming. It didn't rush, it just rolled slowly. It seemed like the side of a mountain falling into space. Oh god. Of course it came quickly. But we all had a chance to jump and run before the windows began to crack. Then it poured molasses. Holy Shit. Like what? How do you even like look at that and what do you Even, how do you even do anything?


I'd be like, what is happening right now? I'd be frozen with fear. Yeah. He grabbed his family and they fled the restaurant. But by the time they'd reached the front door, the molasses had reached the top of the 14 step flight of stairs blocking the only exit. Oh no. Instead the Burnetts rushed up to the roof where they watched in absolute horror, as the entire neighborhood was overtaken by this flood, just watched from a roof. Now naturally, those closest to the tank suffered the worst of the damage. Of course. Yeah. A freight agent at the Boston and Worcester Street Railway company. Hm. Doley was working in one of the sheds about 15 feet from the tank when he heard the giant, loud, massive crack in the ground.


Shook. He Told, it's so weird as you're saying that the wind is Going. The wind crazy. Shook and Shaking the house and did Doley told the post the broken parts of the tank missed our shed only by a matter of inches. Wow. If they had stuck it. Well, I wouldn't be talking with you. Damn. Parts of the tank struck other houses and they crumpled like eggs. Oh, how we escaped. I'm at a loss to explain little short of a Miracle to say a house cracked like an egg. Crumbled like an egg. Egg crumbled like an egg. Oh my God. Yeah.


There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed, but it just isn't. Things like your friends being on their way when they text you LMW or getting out the same number of socks from the dryer that you put in at and t is introducing a new guarantee. The at and t guarantee, because there's a lot in life that's not guaranteed. The at and t guarantee means connectivity. You can depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Today, the beverage aisle looks a lot different than it used to. America's beverage companies are working together. We are delivering the options everyone wants. In fact, nearly 60% of beverages Americans buy have zero sugar. You'll find more variety than ever, including more of your favorites Now available with zero sugar. You'll also find more sizes and clear calorie information on the front of every can bottle and pack. We know when it comes to finding balance, the more choices the better


Be. Kingsley, who was a worker at the Baystate railway was equally as close to the tank when it broke. He said, where the tank stood, there was no tank, instead was a mighty wall of some kind, a giant wave of molasses. And it was sweeping rapidly down upon the office, gaining momentum every second. I turned and ran into the outer office calling a warning into the clerks there. So he and his coworkers ran for the exit. But it was too late because a 15 foot wave of a molasses hit the building and sent everyone and everything inside flying as the building collapsed around them. Jesus. It wasn't just those working under the tanker near the tank that suffered though, as more than 2 million gallons of molasses was tearing through the very narrow streets.


It swept up everything. People, animals, everything. Hurling them several feet into the air, just sucking them down. Damn. Those not in the direct path of the flood, still risked being hit by heavy timbers and other debris that was flying out of this flood. When the cloud's house was toppled by the wave. Martin's mother, 65-year-old Bridget Cloud was picked up by the wave and thrown across the street. Oh my God. Bridget landed hard on the ground and then a large piece of the home's roof fell on top of her and crushed her to death. Oh my God. It's unthinkable. You Live 64 years and that's how you go out. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus. The other so violent.


Oh, it's awful. It's brutal. That's the thing. It's violent. And what's crazy is this is sometimes looked at, especially from like out people outside of like Massachusetts or Boston as like, oh, the cream molasses. Like a silly thing. Like silly. It used to smell like molasses in Boston afterwards on Hot Days. And it's like, that's Horrible. 'cause it's just a Reminder. It's like You don't, but nobody teaches anybody about it. So it's like you, of course it sounds, it sounds hilarious. It sounds hyperbolic. The name, the Great Molasses Flood. Sounds hilarious. It sounds like it would be whimsical and smell like gingerbread. It sounds like, it sounds like something that would happen on fucking Phineas and fur. It does. It just sounds silly. Yeah, it wasn't. No, it was very, very, very brutal. It really was. People Lost. People lost people that they loved And in horrible ways.


Yeah. The other members of the Clady family made it out of their house, but it would be several hours before they learned the fate of their mother. Oh yeah. The wave of molasses struck the area hard, but an equally serious problem was getting into the area to help those that were affected by all this. Right. People are just trapped because it's also just like, it doesn't, it harden after a while too. Yeah. It's like crusty shit office. Our guy, Frankie McManus, he was, he was working as usual B, you know, Frankie's beat. Of course. I know. Frankie's beat it's beats in the North End. Yeah. And he was working there when the tank collapsed, and he was the first to report the disaster. He made the report from an emergency call box.


One, two, three, four. McManus reported an explosion on the wharf and requested fire crews to be sent to the scene. Immediately, roughly 15 minutes later, McManus placed a second call this time from a different call box clarifying that the explosion had destroyed the Malis tank and released the entire contents into the street. There were apparently 35 people injured, taken to the relief hospital in the ambulances of the police department. Wow. And McManus reported at the time that a one man, 67-year-old John Seber was killed at the time. Oh. It would turn out that this was just the beginning of a very much larger death toll. Yeah. In a matter of just five minutes. The entire five minutes, that's the entire North End waterfront had been destroyed.


So much properly demolished and so much lives lost. Like it's so tragic now. That evening after everything had kind of settled, a relief station for those directly affected by the disaster was set up by, in Haymarket Square, rather than waste time taking the injured across town to those ambulances, ambulances, and other vehicles were brought, brought the injured to Haymarket where, you know, they could just try to set up like some kind of field hospital essentially. Yeah. Basically. And how they described it was struggling men covered from head to foot, eyes and ears and mouth with black molasses. Oh my God.


They received treatment there for various injuries, and at least three cases, the victims were so heavily coated in molasses that it took some time in cleaning before emergency providers realized they were already dead. Oh God. Because they were just so heavily coated. Now, further complicating matters was the large crowd that had gathered at the relief station in the hours after the tank collapsed. As soon as the news of the disaster started making its way around the city, concerned residents, many with friends and loved ones who worked on the wharf. Right. Showed up at Haymarket looking for confirmation that they were safe. Right. One report said some of these remained throughout the afternoon waiting for definite news, and long into the night, these relatives continued to come into the station for information.


Oh, that's so sad to think that people went that long without knowing what happened. Yeah. Now this is really sad. This next one, oh, among those who were seeking horrific answers was the family of Maria and Antonio Distasio, two North End kids who had been out on the wharf on their school lunch break to collect firewood for their father. Oh my God. Just before the tank collapsed, Antonio was crouched behind the tank watching as his sister was reprimanded by two railroad workers for playing near the docks. The last thing Antonio remembered was seeing the horrified looks on the men's faces as from behind Maria Distasio, they watched the support beams under the molasses tank buckle.


Oh God. Antonio recalled seeing something large moving out of the corner of his eye, and then everything went black. Now, the children's parents learned that Antonio had been at the relief station, but it's since been taken to city hospital for treatment. No one at the relief station had seen or heard from Maria. Oh. Later they would learn the horrific fate of their daughter. When the tank broke open, Maria had been standing directly in the path of the giant wave and was engulfed immediately. She was 10 years old. Oh my God. 10 years old. And she was immediately asphyxiated by the molasses. The only Thing that you can say there is at least it was immediate, Thank goodness, but my goodness.


But you hope that she didn't suffer at all. I just can't even 10 years old. And what's even, even sadder, a few hours later, a firefighter spotted Maria's quote, tangled hair swirling in a sea of dark molasses. Oh. And he pulled her from the liquid. It was immediately apparent that they could not save her. Right. Antonio, on the other hand, was the least bit more fortunate. He's, his injuries were severe. He had a fractured skull and a concussion. Oh my God. But a firefighter managed to grab him and pull him out of the molasses before he was completely consumed by it. Oh. So like, thank goodness for those firefighters. Seriously. Straight up heroes. Yeah.


Police and fire officials arrived to the scene quickly following the call from Officer McManus and having heard reports of an explosion were immediately confused by like a lack of fire. Right. But they immediately began combing the neighborhood, looking for survivors, pulling people from, you know, the molasses from ruins of houses, businesses, warehouses, anywhere. They were just trying to find anyone that survived this. Meanwhile, the fire department began blasting the streets with water, hoping to wash the molasses into the drains. But the sheer quantity of this sugary thick syrup. Yeah. You're not just gonna wash it away. Yeah. It just wasn't working. They got a little bit, but it's like, it's gonna be tedious and it's gonna take a lot of time. Right. While emergency responders worked to pull people to safety and removed all the, you know, dangerous debris from the streets, medical workers soon arrived at the scene to provide emergency treatment.


Parker Hill Hospital, for example, sent a full surgical staff and more than 80 medical privates and 10 ambulances to provide first aid. Wow. In another place near the North End, the nurses from the Metropolitan chapter of the Red Cross wasted no time waiting into knee deep molasses to reach injured survivors. They just fucking, and they went, that's incredible. Yeah. And they would carry them out on stretchers to the relief center or nearby hospitals for treatment led by Mrs. Carlisle Emery. Within a half hour of the collapse, Emery's team of Red Cross volunteers had mobilized more than a dozen ambulances. Wow. And those who weren't involved in the transport or treatment of injured people still stayed at the scene to provide information and just comfort victims or to serve coffee and meals to firefighters and police officials.


Community. Community came together in a big way. Hell yeah. These, those working in the areas nearest to the tank were obviously likely the most end danger. Both during and after the collapse and after the initial wave of the molasses had moved inward from the docks, the men working in the freight houses of the Bay State Street Railway company, they, they had been hit really hard. The flood had hit the buildings even harder. They had knocked down the walls. They'd buried several workers under the debris. I mean, it was like the, the closer you got in, the worse this, this became. Right. Those who weren't pinned down by debris were stranded. They just couldn't get out. I mean, there's like a whole river of molasses.


You can't go swimming in it. And they could really do little to help their more seriously hurt coworkers. So they were just kind of stranded and helpless. Right. According to HP Palmer, who was an accountant with Baystate, tides of molasses were rushing in all directions. And people who heard the cries of the injured and dying were prevented from going to their aid by the molasses. Ultimately, Axman would spend hours cutting away debris to reach the injured. Just to think that there was tides. Tides of molasses. Tides of molasses going everywhere. And they're hearing screams of people dying. But you can't do anything and injured and like they can't help anybody. They're just all str. You're like being stranded in like a, the middle of the sea surrounded by sharks.


Yeah. You just can't do anything. Yeah. Although the wave of molasses had subsided at this point, and rescuers had come to the scene, many people were still in danger of being discovered too late by serva, by workers, rescue workers. The firemen of Engine 31, for example, were trapped inside the station. When the wave hit, my God, it knocked the building in on itself and trapped the firemen inside. Oh yeah. While several were able to pull themselves out of the rubble, several others remained pinned down by debris with the tide of molasses slowly rising around them. Oh my God. That's fucking, yeah. That's horrific. You can't how show, oh my God.


The, the building had collapsed in such a way and at such an angle that the molasses was able to just flow in. You couldn't even write that in the movie. No, it's crazy. So the molasses can flow into this building that's collapsed on itself, but the only means of it flowing out was a small hole in the side of the building. And as a result, the men inside face the very real possibility. Just drowning. Of just drowning in molasses. Being smothered. Unreal. Which is what would happen. Unreal. As one of the few who had freed himself, firefighter Bill Connor worked tirelessly to keep the others calm as the sticky molasses is just crawling over every inch of their bodies and threatening to kill them.


Yeah. And he's staying there trying to calm his coworkers and trying to help. At the relief center, Suffolk County Medical Examiner, Dr. George McGrath, worked slowly and methodically to provide whatever support he could. Later he would describe the injured bodies saying they looked as though they were covered in heavy oil skins. Their face, of course their faces of course, were covered with molasses eyes and ears, mouths and nose filled with it. Like, oh my God, that's so awful. When they say smother, they mean you smother. Yeah. McGrath and the other medical providers spent much of their time just washing the injured with sodium bicarbonate and hot water eventually revealing their identity and the extent of their, their injuries.


'cause like people would come in and they wouldn't even know what they were injured with. Right. 'cause they couldn't see it. 'cause they're coated. Yeah. The extent of the damage caused by the collapse of the molasses vat was far reaching and honestly difficult to articulate at this point. The collapse of many buildings and the destabilization of the wharf was a very real danger to everyone on the scene. Everything was destabilized. Yeah. You didn't know If you were standing on something that was gonna collapse. But that was really only one piece of the whole devastation. Larger pieces of infrastructure, like the girders of the elevated train line, had also collapsed serving as an impediment to the cleanup efforts. Yeah. In the days that followed, huge teams of men worked slowly carrying debris away or pulling the larger pieces away with trucks.


But it was slow going. Right. Once the debris had been moved, a second team came in behind the first to just look for more injured survivors. In some cases, rescuers arrive just in time to prevent somebody from being overtaken by the molasses. Like literally their head and face barely in the surface. Oh my God. And they just get to them in time. And this would be like days of somebody sitting in molasses, oh my God. Waiting to be either smothered to death or rescued And just sitting there and being cognizant of that the entire time That this could be it. Oh, In the days after the flood, the men working to clear the area would continue to find bodies among the refer wreckage as well.


By the 18th, the death toll had risen to 13 as those who were the most injured in the flood succumb to their injuries as well. A day later, two more bodies were discovered among the wreckage and they said they were so battered and glazed over by the molasses that identification was difficult. Oh, that's awful. Among the last to be discovered was 17-year-old Eric Laird, who was a teamster from Charlestown, who was working on the docks when the tank collapsed. Laird had been working in one of the freight houses when the flood hit and his body was wedged so tightly under the front axle of a car that workers had to quote jack up the truck and saw pieces of the wreckage before they could retrieve the body. Jesus Christ.


Yeah. 17 years old. It's Really sad. Now, ultimately it would take nearly a week, a full week to clear away most of the large debris with men working around the clock, spraying down the neighborhood with jets of water from fire trucks. And nearly every hydrant in the North End was being used. I mean, it was just like, oh yeah. The molasses had covered several blocks of the city in depths of two to three feet. So once the syrup had been washed away, large teams of men would fall behind scrubbing every surface with stiff bristle brushes to try to get it all. 'cause it's just sticky shit now. Yeah.


Thank you to our partner Mento Scum. You ever feel like you're just going through the same motions day after day we've all been there staring at brake lights in traffic, or a stuck in a long meeting. Not anymore. With Mintos gum. Listen up. This isn't just your regular gum. We're talking about a whole vibe Refresh. Think of it as your personal reset button one piece, and suddenly that traffic jam becomes your private concert venue. That meeting that should have been an email, it turns into a full on Fiesta. From flavors like Fresh Mint to bold strawberry Minto scum transforms ordinary moments into fresh possibilities. Whether you want to switch up your root home or keep your mind fresh in a meeting, refresh the everyday with Minto Scum. Yes. To Fresh with Minto Scum.


By the time everything had been cleared away, the flood was determined to have caused millions of dollars in property and infrastructure damage. Oh, I can imagine. Injured more than 150 people and killed the following. 20 one people. 20 one people. Patrick Breen, William Brogan, Bridget Clady, Stephen Clady, John Callahan, Maria Distasio, William Duffy, Peter Francis, Flaminio, gani Pasqua, Len Toska, Michael Sin, James Kennedy, Eric Laird, George Leahy, James Lennon, Ralph Martin, James McMullen, Caesar Nicolo, Thomas Newan, Peter Shaughnessy, and John Seber.


That's so sad. We have, I mean, from, we have people in their sixties. We have a 10-year-old, we have a 17-year-old, we have some 20 year olds. We have, or we have two 10 year olds, Pasqua And Toska is also a 10-year-old. Peter Shaughnessy is 18 years old. Peter sin is 78 years old. Oh my God. Yeah. It's just, it's devastating. It is. It's tragic. Now, once the initial shock and trauma of the event had subsided and the, you know, they could survey the damage. Yeah. What everyone wanted to know was what the fuck, how the fuck, fuck did this happen? Right. What happened? Like it was just, it sounds like it was just built too quickly and they didn't know that.


So everybody's like, what the fuck happened? Did an explosion happen or what? It's looking back now. Yeah. When he visited the disaster zone in the North End, the day the tank collapsed, mayor Andrew Peters told the press quote, Boston is appalled at the terrible accident that occurred today in the North End on behalf of her citizens. I extend to the families of those who were injured and of those who lost their lives, our most heartfelt sympathy, an occurrence of this kind must not and cannot pass without a rigid investigation to determine the cause of the explosion. Not only to prevent a recurrence of such a frightful accident, but to place the responsibility where it belongs. Yeah. Now, Peter's statement was exactly what one would've expected from a politician in the wake of a tragedy. Absolutely.


But it turned out that determining the cause of the collapse and identifying a responsible party was going to be a little more challenging than anyone had anticipated. Yeah. By the following day, the Massachusetts district police's explosive expert, Walter Wedger stated he was, quote, strongly inclined to the belief that there was an explosion rather than just a collapse. Okay. According to Wedger quote, if there was only a collapse, FRA fragments of the tank would not have been hurled against the elevated structure and caused such wreckage there. Nor would the vehicle on Commercial Street have been blown to Adams. I guess that makes sense. While The Boston Police conducted their investigation, the USIA announced they would be conducting their own investigation under the direction of Arthur Gel and led by professors Arthur Arthur Gill and Arthur Miller.


So many Arthurs. I love that. It's just a committee of art. Arthurs. Yeah. It's Arthurs. And they were professors of Harvard and MIT respectively. I mean, I Believe them. Yeah. So a representative from USIA told the press, we feel sure there was no explosion, and if there was, it was caused by some out outside force and not from within the tank. Well, it could have been within the tank because the tank is so pressurized. Exactly. That's the thing. Like it, I don't think there has to be an outside explosion. No. In the weeks after that, the US USA's investigation focused on their theory that quote, an anarchist climbed a ladder and dropped a pipe bomb into the fermentation vent, and that's what caused the tank to explode. That's quite the leap.


Just an anarchist, Like what kind of anarchist gets that? I don't think, damn. I don't think most people would say, you know what I'm gonna do today? I think I'm gonna explode the molasses tank down the Street. Yeah. It's a strange, Like, I don't know how that would occur to you Even, it's a strange message. It is To send. Yeah. What exactly are you trying to say? Yeah. Now the thing is, as we can make, we can be like, that's silly business. But it wasn't totally out of the realm of possibility. Okay. Because in the early decades of the 20th century Anarchists around the United States did use bombings or the threat of bombings to take a stand against anti-immigration politicians and corporations, they believed were exploiting workers. Mm. So like we, it's silly to like think about like somebody climbing a was this tank and throwing a pipe bomb.


But you can see why they at least threw the theory out there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because also they just don't understand how this is all working when You gotta start somewhere. Exactly. So USIA attorney Henry Dolan said, we know beyond question that the tank was not weak, and you have to remember they're saving their own ass. Yeah. 'cause that's awful As lie. Maybe it just broke and burst. They have to blame it on something like an anarchist climbing the thing. Right. He said, we know that an examination was made of the outside of the base of the structure a few minutes before its collapse. And he insisted that whatever happened, it was not the company's fault. Despite USI a's certainty that they were not to blame.


District attorney Joseph Pere took the cur the case to the grand jury seeking an indictment against USIA for 19 counts of manslaughter, clearly blaming, they were to blame for the disaster. I kind of get it. On February 13th, the grand jury reviewed the case and found that while the tank did not completely comply with the law, fixing a minimum factor of safety, there was insufficient evidence to justify the indictment. Yeah. Okay. Simply put, the court and the state's investigators rejected USA's bomb theory and believed that shoddy craftsmanship was at least partially to blame for the tank collapse, but that there wasn't enough evidence to prove it.


So they said, no, we don't think somebody threw a bomb into the thing. Yeah. We do think there was some structural issues, but we don't think there was enough to prove that. I would feel, I feel like the entire mal molasses flood should be enough evidence to prove that some of those I That's pretty good evidence. Some of those faulty buts there had like that, that's all you really need. Well, and in the months then years that followed, the courts would rule against the company in civil cases. Yeah. Ordering them to pay millions in damages. Yeah. So they basically said, so they did get there. Yeah. The biggest problem investigators had when it came to identifying the party or parties responsible for the collapse was that it was impossible to say with certainty what had caused the tank to explode.


Right. In fact, to this day, it's still pretty unclear what precisely happened to unleash that giant of an explosion. Though there were several plausible theories. The most prominent and most likely scenario, and the one that investigators had considered in their early investigation is that the dramatic increase in warm weather triggered the fermentation process causing a buildup of carbon dioxide inside the small head space of the tank. Yeah. And if the tank had been properly constructed and held to high standards of safety, it likely could have withstood that buildup of gases. Right. But in gel's race to beat prohibition, he had allowed the tank to build pretty quickly and kind of poorly.


And under the circumstances, the tank walls were unable to withstand that pressure build. Yeah. And when it became too much, the entire structure just exploded. I mean, that's what pressure Does. That makes the most sense. Think about a pressure cooker. There's 2 million, 2 million, right. 2.3 million, I think 2.3 million Gallons. Gallons of fucking molasses in there. So it's not like it just exploded and like some molasses oozed out. No. It's like, it makes sense that that much chaos. Exactly. That that much like tragedy fell Because molasses is also a thick, viscous liquid. Yes. If it's exploding, it's taken out everything. Yeah. Because it's thick. Yeah. It's got some mass behind it. It's not like this is just something with nothing behind it. You know, it's not like A water tank, you know, Like even, even that would cause damage.


Like, and you look at how thick molasses is in comparison to water. Yeah, of course. Yeah. And Like heavy. Exactly. And just think of a pressure cooker. Yeah, exactly. How much damages those can do. It's Crazy. That's best way to think of it. That's essentially what it was. It Was a pressure cooker. I was, I was just gonna say Now, when considering the entire scenario author, Stephen Paleo wrote my, his good name author. Good name Author Stephen with his good name. I don't want to mess up his good name. No. He wrote, the substance itself gives the entire event an unusual, whimsical quality. Yes. Allowing for it to easily fall into the category of folklore that's, you know, like half told half seriously Year to year.


Yep. In fact, one of the more lighthearted facts of the story is that for decades after the flood, the North End still smelled of molasses on warm days. But you and people will say, even now, they'll be like, oh, even now on warm days, you can just smell molasses. And it's like, Like what? You also, you can't Yeah. But imagine how triggering that was for people who had lost, lost a loved one or like themselves and injured. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing. And it's like, so it's like that's, that was always the thing that was like a funny thing. Like, oh, on warm days you can still smell The Elana is so much it leaked into the landscape, but like the reality of the flood was anything but humorous or whimsical. Yeah. It just wasn't, no. Because of its chemical makeup molasses, like we said, is real thick, real goopy and given the right amount of stress and stress and pressure, it can pick up momentum very quickly and move at insane speeds 35 miles an hour like you Yeah.


You drive in your car at that fucking speed. Yeah. Ferris Jaber wrote in Scientific American because of this physical property, a wave of molasses is even more devastating than a typical tsunami. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yep. Like we said, moving its speeds 35, like nearly 35 miles per hour, the flood grabbed everything in its past. Yeah. 'cause it was also sticky. Could Grab onto things. Yeah. Yeah. And it would toss it into the air or crush it under the immense weight of the liquid itself. And once it settled, the liquid returned to a more gelatinous state, which would trap people, animals, and property in like an iron vice grip. Oh. Even more terrifying is the fact that because of its viscosity, it's almost impossible to move, much less swim in molasses.


Right. So If you found yourself dragged under the wave, you would've died a terrible death. Yeah. 'cause you couldn't move. Exactly. You were just being eaten by it. Yeah. Essentially, it is only due to the incline of cops hill that the flood slowed down at all. Like, thank goodness there was an incline. Yeah. Because if the landscape had been a downhill slope, the death toll would've been considerably higher, thank goodness would've taken out hundreds of people. Oh. Despite the horror of this whole thing, there was some good that came out of it at the time of the flood. Americans were pretty accustomed to courts ruling in favor of corporate interests over those of the people. Yeah. And as such, most people likely assumed no one would be held accountable for the disaster, even though the evidence was strongly suggesting lacks safety protocols and sloppy work.


But to everyone's great surprise, Bostonians soon learned that sometimes the courts will do the right thing. Alright. In the years long civil suits that followed, judge High Ogden repeatedly ruled in favor of victims over the USIA. Hell. Yeah. Frequently awarding more to those victims whose suffering had been su substantial too. Ogden basically awarded $6,000, or nearly 600,000 today. Wow. To people who were killed immediately, like 10-year-old Maria Daio. 'cause she was killed instantly. Right. So he would award that to her family. They deserved it. And according to my, my, my good man, Steven. Good man, Good Name. He said, then he gave $7,500 to people who suffered before they died.


Wow. Like George Lehe, he was trapped in the basement of a firehouse in this little 18 inch crawl space and tried to keep his head above molasses for four hours. My, before he was asphyxiated. Oh my God, what a horrific way to die. Horrific. Horrific. You can't put like a price on that. Oh no, you can't. But the disaster also had a significant influence on the realm of public safety, both in Massachusetts and around the country following the flood. New regulations were put in place that you know it a lot. It did a lot. But it would also require architects and engineers to show their work and get their plans signed off on by building inspectors and safety regulators.


That's crazy that that wasn't already a thing that was Happening. No, my good man. Steven said the great Boston Molasses Flood did for building construction standards, what the Coconut Grove Fire did for fire standards. It's so wild because the entire time we've been talking about the molasses flood, I've been thinking about the Coconut Grove. Yeah. 'cause that was also a devastating event that changed the history of Boston. Of course. Yeah. Now all of those who experienced the molasses flood firsthand have since died in these days. The story kind of rarely comes up in discussion of Boston's history. It really Doesn't. But thanks to my Goodman, Stephen Paleo and local journalists, those who lost their lives in the great molasses flood of 1919 remain remembered today.


Yes. Thankfully. Because they won't let them forget. No. That's an important story to tell. And it's Stephen po Ello. I think it is. Ello. I believe it is. I think that's what you Had said. Yeah. I Think I said it wrong. I apologize if I said around my Goodman and Stephen. Wow. We, we are linking all his sources in the show notes. So you can definitely go, go take a look at what he has to say. Go support My man Stephen with his good name. Wow. That is a tragic fucking tale dude. It's a very tragic tale. And it really is Interesting though Wild that they don't, there should be in Massachusetts, at the very least, it should be a whole section in history. I mean, think of how much time, which again, we should Yeah. We spend on the Salem Witch trials because we're Yeah. In the area.


And I never, ever learned about this, teach People about this because it's also, it, it's a good lesson in how doing things quickly and cutting corners Yeah. Can lead to absolute catastrophe. Yeah. Disastrous events. Yeah. Wow. So that is the Tale of the Great Molasses Flood in Boston. Well, thank you so much for that. As tragic as it was. Yeah. It was definitely fascinating tale little Yeah. You can read up more about It. Yeah. A little deviation from like murder, which is always nice. Yeah. It's just, it's, it's a different kind of tragedy. Yeah. The one that is interesting and needs to be talked about more. Yeah. 'cause those people need to be remembered. Yeah, for Sure. But as always, we hope you continue. No.


What? We hope you keep listening And we hope you Keep it Weird. You know how weird to keep it. Yeah. Just don't cut corners. No, don't ha. Whole ass everything. Don't half ass things. Yeah.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey weirdos, I'm Mike Corey and like you, I'm drawn to true crime, creepy history, and all things spooky. If you particularly enjoyed Ash and Elena's coverage of the USS Indianapolis, where 900 sailors battled rough seas, sharks, dehydration, and madness in the open ocean, you need to check out my podcast against the odds. We dive deep into this survival story across four full episodes, revealing details you haven't heard yet. Each week on Against the Odds, we put you in the shoes of real survivors. From the T Cave Rescue to Somali Pirate, hostages to the donor party. These aren't just headlines. They're incredible stories of human endurance. Follow against the odds on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to both against the odds and Morbid early and ad free. Start your free trial in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify today.