
Hey weirdos. Before we dive into today's Twisted Tail, let me tell you about a place where the darkness never ends. Wondery Plus, it's like stepping into a haunted mansion with a Floorboards Creek with ad-free episodes and early access to new episodes lurks around every corner. So come join us if you dare. Morbid is available one week early and ad free only on Wondery. Plus, you can Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcast or Spotify.


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey everyone, let's talk about protein for a second. There's this rumor that getting plant-based protein is tough, but listen, there are some amazing options out there, even if you're not vegan. Adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body and support the planet. My go-to for Tasty Protein and Super Food Pack Shake is Cava. Every serving of Cava offers 25 grams of 100% plant-based protein. But that's not all this. All in one shake has fiber, quality, fats, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and so much more. I love that I can tick so many boxes with just one delicious shake. If you know me, you know that vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors And I like to combine them. But they also have chocolate. They've got matcha and they've got coconut acai. I'm a big fan of the coconut acai as well after drinking guava first thing in the morning, because that's when I always drink it. I feel satiated for hours. I feel focused, calm and ready to take on my day. Something that I really love to do, if I even want like a little bit more protein, is just add a scoop of peanut butter to the Vanilla chai concoction that I make. And that, oh, is just scrum diddly ump anxious Honey Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off on their subscription. For a limited time, just go to Chava dot com slash Morbid, spelled K-A-C-H-A-V-A and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A v.com/ Morbid.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features in languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime features may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See at t.com/iphone for details.


Hey weirdos. I Ash. And I'm Alina. And this is Morbid. Mrs. Morbid. It's Morbid in the morning. It is. How are you over there, girl? I'm good. You swell. I'm swell. You have a nice sweater on today. I do. I have a sweater on. I have plaid pants on. Sweater weather. Sweater, weather. Sweater, weather. It's nice sweater weather over here. It's nice sweater weather. I know we're hitting that nice November chilly Willy Air.


Yes. It's the time of year when my uniform is leggings, high socks and a big old crew neck. It's the best time of year. It's the most wonderful time to be comfy. Precisely. That's how the song goes. Yeah. I feel moderately unhinged today. I like that. Yeah, I think we all do. Who doesn't amongst us? Honestly, if you don't, there's the door. Shannon Bedor. Just kidding. I love Shannon Bedor. We have some exciting news to share with all of you guys. We are doing another culture fly box, if you remember, I believe it was last year that we did the last one. And you guys loved those. We, so we said, honey, let's do another honey. Honey, why don't we do another one of those? So this one is very cool.


It's available for pre-order right now on the Wondery shop. There is a T-shirt. There is a little pop socket. There's a little speaker. There's Oh, the speaker's so cute. The speaker is adorable. I love it. Yeah, there's like little ear pods. Yeah. And there's an LED candle. Yeah. So yeah. That's exciting. You can change And it like the colors of it. It's a little, it's like cathedral. Yes. Looking. It's very cool. The The Aesthetic. Aesthetic, ya. Yeah. So that is available for pre-order right now on the Wondery shop. And it, I think they're starting to ship out on December 6th. Yes. Yeah. Go out of those. Which is the best month?


Because, because Born, I was born in that, born in that month and we got Christmas on a, but my birthday and Hanukkah, my birthday And your birthday, everybody of number one. Number one. Yay. He was number one. You won't get that because you don't watch SpongeBob. Yeah. So I think that's all the bit nasty we got. You got anything to talk about? No, I, well, this is just like a little side note. John And I watched Trap the other night for fun. And how was that guys watch Trap? Just for the fun. And how was that? Just, but it's, I I wasn't thinking everybody was being like totally truthful when they said that it was just a concert, but they were It's a concert.


It's a concert. It's a concert. It's like the, it's M Night Shaman's daughter who is like the Oh, right. And here's the thing, she's great. Good voice. She's, she's beautiful. Amazing voice. She plays instruments and shit. Oh. Like, she's very talented. Fucking trifecta. Didn't sign up to watch her whole concert though, so No, didn't invite, didn't invite tickets to a concert. To your knowledge. It is a Wiley movie. Yeah. John And I were like, was that a fever Dream? I've heard some interesting reviews. It looks crazy. Yeah. My cousin went to see it in theater. He is my cousin. Your nephew. And he came back with not quite a rave review. Yeah. I was shocked. It was not a good movie, but it was. But it was one of those like that you just can laugh the whole times.


Like, at me, what's going on? Remember the village? That's the thing. He, he nails it a lot. But this was not one of those times. No, and that's okay. We can't all, you know, about a thousand, I suppose you can not win them all. But I will say Josh Hartnett in it. Oh honey, Josh Hartnett, he is a snack would've played if had he been given an actual character to play, he would've played it flawlessly. Yeah. Like he, I could see like when he had little moments of being able to play this like scary serial killer. Yeah. You were like, oh, you would've nailed that. Yeah. Like he would've eaten it up. Okay. But he didn't get a lot. You didn't get that. I just, whenever I think of him, I think of him in 30 days of night.


Yeah, he's great in that. I love him in 30 days of night. Oh, that movie will literally make me sob that, oh, that movie. That's a great movie. That movie. We covered it on Scream like we did probably a few months ago at this point. Yeah. Maybe last year. I don't really, yeah, it was my pick, right? Yeah. Yeah. It had to have been last year at this point. 'cause I think it was cold out when we covered it. Was it really? Yeah. Whoa. But yeah, that's a great fucking movie, Josh Erhart. It is great. Yeah. Trap is not great. But go watch it for fun, but watch it anyway. But yeah. And we, and we just covered a good movie on screen recently. Oh, it's such a good movie. If you're looking for something to listen to that's just kind of like lighthearted and fun. We covered Fresh on screen.


It was Ash's Pick. That movie is so good. It came out in 2022. It only came out on Hulu. Yeah. I feel like that movie should have had like a box office release. I feel like it should have a re-release to be quite honest. Oh, I didn't. I feel like it needs a theatrical release. That movie is fucking great. Especially right now. I'm like, damn, you guys should release this. Everybody let, can we, can we like get to It's one of those movies. I was shocked by how much I like this movie. Yeah. I mean, John watched it and he loved it too. I know. I was happy that to hear that he also enjoyed it. Yeah. I had a feeling he would love it. But yeah, I'm telling if you guys have slept on Fresh Wake up, go watch Fresh and let's get it. I, I feel like it needs way more attention. Sebastian Stan in that movie. Oh my God. Holy shit. Daisy, is it Edgers?


Edgar Jones. Edgar Jones. She fucking phenomenal. Yeah. Like, And I think it's Mimi Cave who directed it. Mimi Mimi Cave. Make sure that's right. I was like, holy shit. Mimi Cave. It was her directorial debut. Yeah. Mimi Cave blew my mind. Yeah. Crazy. Blew my damn mind. So that's just, that's my go watch one for fun in one because it's a fucking kick ass movie. Yes. Oh, and then just really quickly, I, I don't, I think maybe I mentioned it briefly, but go listen to or not listen to go watch Woman of the Hour. Oh yeah. It was Anna Kendrick's directorial debut And I thought that movie was really good. It's gotten great reviews. Yeah. I, I saw like it people, but it won't, didn't quite enjoy it. But I really, really loved it. Really. I haven't watched it yet, so I won't tell you if I like it or not, but yeah, go watch it. I, I, I'm interested tell you that much.


Yeah. Alright. But yeah, that's just a little recommendations. Recommendation corner. Yeah. I love that. I love movies. Yeah. Even when they're not great. Oh my God. Even they're just fun. Hold on. Oh my God. Did I finally get this hold up? I think remember this morning I walked into you And I said, do you ever get one of those tiny little eyelashes in your eye? Yes. And you can't find it And it just is stabbing you. I, I think I might've just got it. Look at you. Oh, wow. That was a relief. You can see clearly now the lash is gone. Is she? Hold on. What the fuck? I all, it wasn't even, it's on my fingernail now. It was like a little tiny piece of hair. Ah, with the tiniest little piece. Sorry, everybody. Fun. That was really bothering me.


So let's get into that was like og like Yeah. Just trailing off OG Trail off. It really was. Leave it in. Let's get on with it though. Yeah. We've got a story to talk about today. I found this case really interesting, And I think you will too. I'm excited. Is this is unfortunately a murder. It is The Murder of Cheryl Perveler, but lots of moving pieces in this case. Hmm. And it starts a little before midnight on April 20th, 1968. A man named John Miller and his wife got home to the Castilian Apartments in Burbank, California, parked their car. They were just gonna walk, you know, from the car inside, finished their night. But as they were walking to their apartment, they noticed their neighbor, 22 year old Cheryl Perveler sitting in her car with the engine running and the headlights still on.


So they were like, what's going on with her over there? Hmm. So they approached the car to go check on Cheryl, who they found sitting in the front seat, barely conscious eyes closed, gasping for air and bleeding heavily from her head and chest. Oh, geez. So the Millers ran inside to call the police who arrived a short time later. And as they waited for the paramedics, Mr. Miller looked at his watch, And it was exactly 11:30 PM It turned out that Cheryl had been shot twice in the head, just above her left ear. And she also had one large wound across her chest, which the coroner would later suspect happened when she actually tried to push the barrel of the gun away as it was fired. Oh.


There were also seven half inch gashes on her forehead and on the top of her head that were made by, by a blunt object, possibly like the butt of a pistol. My God. So somebody was like beating her and had shot her multiple times. Jesus, her face and her head were absolutely covered with blood, which had also pooled in the driver's seat and on the floor of the car. So paramedics arrived to the scene. They rushed Cheryl to the Burbank Hospital, but the attention that she needed went way beyond the capabilities of Burbank Hospital. So they ended up having to transfer her to the Los Angeles County Hospital. But she unfortu unfortunately died as she was being prepped for surgery. Oh. She almost lived. Holy shit.


Which I, so I wish she had anyways, but I so wish that she had, because there is some unanswered questions Hmm. When it comes to this case. Interesting. But by the time detective Lieutenant Dave McIntyre arrived to the Castillian Apartments, the other residents of the building had all assembled into the parking lot to say like, what the fuck was going on, to see what was happening. Upon his first surveying of the scene, he noticed a 32 caliber automatic pistol lying on the passenger seat that didn't appear to have been fired and inscribed on one side of the barrel was the word love. And the other Paul, so love Paul. Hmm. Which was a reference to Cheryl's husband of only seven weeks, Paul per Prevailer. The gun was loaded with five rounds also on the front seat with Cheryl's purse, which had $35 in it, which today would be a little more than $300, which is fucking insane.


Yeah, that's wild. To think. Got $35 back then is worth 300 tonight. That's nuts. But on the floor of the driver's seat investigators also discovered 2 25 caliber shells. And outside the car, toward the right, the rear right tire, they found two unfired 25 caliber rounds as well. Now, this struck them as particularly strange because Cheryl had been shot from the left side of, of the vehicle, meaning that at some point her killer had stood by the other side of the car, probably reloading or loading the gun. Mm. Which is just kind of strange. Yeah. As far as McIntyre could tell, if this had been a robbery or be like even a attempted carjacking. And it had obviously gone terribly wrong.


The shooter had not only left a ton of money in the car, but had also left the car itself, which was a really nice car. It was a 1968. So new yellow Jaguar worth, obviously a lot of money. Yeah. And the other thing was the attack would've been really violent for an attempted robbery. Like if the killer was only trying to get away. Yeah. Any one of Cheryl's wounds that she sustained would've given them a sufficient opportunity to dip and like Yeah. Run out of the scene. So McIntyre and several other investigators fanned out across the lot to interview neighbors. And they started with John Miller. And John Miller was a part of the couple who had first found her. He explained that he and his wife had just got home, you know, walking to their apartment and they saw Cheryl's car with the engine running, the radio playing and the lights on.


And actually at first they didn't think anybody was even in the car. They, I think they just heard the music and saw that the car was on. And the closer they got, he realized that Cheryl was in the front seat and he was like, she was sitting in a really strange position. And then he said he could hear a quote, terrible sound, a low guttural moan. Oh. 'cause she's like, I'm pretty sure like choking on her own blood. Oh, that's awful. So after calling for help, he ran to another neighbor, Larry, I think it's Bureau Guard, his apartment, and said, come and help the girl in 17 has been beaten up real bad. And to his surprise, that neighbor responded by saying, you mean she's been shot? Which is like, I'm sorry, what? What? Why would you assume that? Well, when they questioned the other neighbors, investigators were quite surprised to learn that multiple neighbors heard gunshots, but not one of them called the police.


What the fuck? Not one of them. We see this so often though. It's crazy. Larry Bregar explained that he'd been in his home in his living room a little after 11:00 PM when he heard what he thought was a gunshot. And then a few moments passed and he heard two more because remember she was shot three times. Yeah. You hear three gunshots. Detectives presumed that the first shot caused the wound to Cheryl's chest and the other two gunshots were to her head. One of the neighbors looked out his window after hearing the shots as well. And he said what he described as a man of average height and weight, wearing a white hooded sweatshirt. But he never got a look at the person's face. Otherwise no one had seen anything. And the crime scene was not really offering much up for clues.


What the fuck? So they were like, what? Where do we start here? Oh, what is going on?


Looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter? Well, with GoodRx, you can save an average of $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or the app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. It's that easy. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you do have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. To be honest, more often than not, GoodRx does beat my copay price, even though I have insurance. So I definitely recommend always taking a peek to see if you can get your savings, because I love to save some money And I bet you do too. For savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ Morbid. That's goodrx.com/ Morbid.


I had such a vision for my wedding that I really wanted to like have shined through. And using Zola absolutely got me there. With Zola, you can plan your entire wedding in one convenient place from the day you get engaged and search for the venue to the day that you send out your save the dates, make your registry, and even taste your cake. Zola has literally everything you need to make the whole process super easy and actually enjoyable. There's even a five star app that helps you plan on the go or on your couch. I knew the second that I got engaged that I would be using Zola. I have friends who have used it. I had heard about it before, obviously advertised, and it's actually how I found my wedding venue. We didn't look at any others. Zola makes wedding planning super easy and honestly stress free. And if you know anything about getting married, of course it's stressful. But Zola takes the stress out of it. They're the first and only stop that you need to make on your wedding planning journey. They've thought of everything you'll need and have built every tool to get you to. I do start planning@zola.com. That's ZOL a.com.


So while officers continued to speak with the residents of the Castilian apartments, which I guess you would never wanna live amongst any of them, could you imagine? Yeah. All of your neighbors are just like, eh, I guess that was gunshots. Right. So while they did that, lieutenants, Ernest Vander Grift and Warren King went to the Prevailer apartment where they found Cheryl's husband Paul, who would come home. After getting a message from Mrs. Miller. The investigators found him to be in a state of shock or at at least stun silence, as you know, you would kind of expect in that situation. Yeah. Paul said he actually gave his wife $50 that morning to go grocery shopping. And then he left for work. And he said later that night, about an hour before she was killed, Cheryl actually stopped into his bar in Sunderland where he was working and they had a drink together.


They finished their drink, he said he walked her out to the car and then he went back inside. And that was the last time he had seen her at Wow. Alive. Now, these facts were confirmed with the other staff at the bar that evening. And when they asked whether there was anybody who might want his wife dead, Paul said yes. That German fellow referring to a man that Cheryl had dated before she and Paul got married. Wow. But he said, other than that, he couldn't think of anybody else. Just one ex-boyfriend. So a quick background check on Cheryl revealed really nothing indicating that her life would be cut. So tragically short, she was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1945, and she'd always been a strong-willed and determined girl. By all accounts. Everybody loved Cheryl. Like not, she didn't have an enemy on this earth.


She was always a physically active child. She had a really strong interest in sports from an early age, and she actually carried that into adulthood. And when she graduated from high school, she wanted to move out to Los Angeles, hoping to break into the film industry. So at first, when she moved out there, she tried her hand out an office job, but it just didn't hold her interest for long. And so she moved on and she answered an ad for a job as an aerobics instructor at the Aristocratic Spa. Damn, what a name. I know. I was like, whoa. The Aristocratic Spa we're all aristocratic up in here. So she loved her job at the spa. She was also really, really good at it. She quickly got promoted first to assistant manager and then manager of another location.


And a short time after moving to LA she ended up meeting Paul, who, like I said, owned two bars in the city. He was charming, he was attentive. And it wasn't long before they fell in love and they actually got married pretty quickly. And then just seven months later, Cheryl was dead. Damn. So given that nothing appeared to be missing from the car, and Cheryl was still wearing all her expensive jewelry investigators ruled out robbery pretty much immediately. Yeah. But if it wasn't robbery, then that meant somebody had literally gone to the apartments that night just to kill Cheryl. Yeah. And like she doesn't have any enemies, so what the fuck? So who would that be? And by the look of things, her killer was not a professional. The brutality and the attack implied something personal and the killer didn't stop until he was pretty certain that she wouldn't live.


So as a matter of practice, investigators also ran a simple background check on Paul. And what came back was pretty fucking surprising. Huh? Paul had only purchased his two bars within the last two years. And before that he had worked for a short time at an insurance industry selling life insurance, which is interesting. Hmm. And before that, he actually spent a number of years as an officer with the LAPD. So he was previously one of them. Oh yeah. It turned out that just a few years into his tenure with LAPD, Paul was discharged from his position after he helped a friend's roommate obtain an abortion, which was illegal at the time. Wow. Yeah. So although he wasn't disciplined for the illegal activity, he was let go from the position because they didn't want any kind of scandal or bad press.


So his work history was pretty surprising to detectives. But even more surprising was his involvement in other crimes, serious crimes, including murder. Oh yeah. That's a serious crime. The one of the most serious, I would say. Yeah. On December 11th, 1966, the Los Angeles Fire Department responded to a call about a house fire in the neighborhood of El Serino. And when firefighters arrived, the back of the house was completely engulfed in flames. Damn. So they immediately began searching the house for survivors and found in the front room the body of 27-year-old Marlon Cromwell, the owner of the house. Now, initially firefighters assumed that he had either passed out or died from smoke inhalation, but when they got closer to his body, they discovered that he had actually been shot three times in the head and two times in the chest.


Huh. So shot five times and then his house was on fire. What the fuck? Beside the body seems suspicious. Seems pretty fucking suspicious. Yeah. Beside the body, they also discovered a towel with a ring of blood on it, which investigators would later theorize had been used kind of as like an informal silencer. Damn for the gun. Yeah. Holy shit. Now, according to fire officials, there was no reason to believe that his death was a suicide. 'cause you're not gonna shoot your own self five times. No. And the case was being invested as a homicide, but there was very little evidence at the scene to develop any leads from. So investigators theorized that the killer obviously set the fire to destroy any evidence of murder. But they had set the fire in the back room, which gave firefighters enough time to reach Cromwell's body before it was affected by the flames.


Damn. And autopsy showed that he'd been shot three times in the head at close range killing him. And then it seemed as though this, the killer must have stood several feet away and fired two more rounds into his chest to make sure he was completely expired. This is so chaotic. It is immediately like this. I just realized how many times I've been like, damn. Yeah. And I like, it's just like shocking. But rightfully so. The damn wow. The dams are up. The dams just keep on coming. But they do. But I'm like, wow. It's the only thing I'm like, this is so good. You know what? They're not gonna stop coming. So holy shit. Just live in a place of dam. You're a beaver now. Yeah. I you're, you be beaver. You are beaver. So, like Cheryl, everybody who knew Marlon Cromwell insisted he didn't have any enemies in life.


Everybody loved him. What the fuck is going on? Yeah. He was just a pretty regular dude. He worked as a stock clerk at a local grocery store, which he'd done since graduating high school. And otherwise he was a really shy, quiet guy. That's sad. Yeah. At the time of his death, he was married to Christina Cromwell and they had one child together. Aw. But on the day of the fire, Christina and their son were visiting Christina's mother like 150 miles away. Luckily. Oh yeah. I mean, I'm glad they weren't there. Me, me too, obviously. So she seemed like an unlikely suspect, you know? But, but they weren't willing to rule her out entirely. 'cause they said, huh, that's crazy. Said, that's suspicious. It's that interesting. Now, there were things about Marlin and Christina's relationship that also struck investigators as particularly odd.


For one thing, they had been married for a number of years, but they got divorced and then remarried just a few months before the fire. Oh yeah. And just as interesting, two months before Marlon was killed, Christina had taken out a life insurance policy in his name and the amount of $75,000, you know? Damn. Damn. Damn. We're like, wow. Yeah. Yeah. Just damn. Just damn. Wow. Okay, so a quick check of Christina's background revealed that she and Paul per prevailer just so happened to have been working together. Oh, no. At the same insurance company at the time. Oh no. Yeah.


Oh, I see where this is going. Yeah. Paul and Christina's workplace behavior led many of their coworkers to assume that they were carrying on a spicy affair. Oh no. Then go the fuck away. Yeah. Just leave together. Just leave. Go away. Run away together. It's shitty, but it's much less shitty than killing people. Yeah. Because everyone will be fine without you. Exactly. But just move on. Well, while interviewing those coworkers, detectives learned that not too long ago, Christina had undergone a pretty serious makeover during which she lost 75 pounds, dyed her hair blonde, got contact lenses and capped her teeth. Gee. So she like, what the fuck? She went for it. Yeah. It was like a makeover scene and clueless.


Holy shit. Yeah. The remarkable transformation they insisted had been quote unquote coached by Paul, who seemed to have quite a lot of control over Christina. Ew. Yeah. Paul's an asshole. Ew. Detectives interviewed asshole Paul, who admitted that he had gone on a few dates with Christina, but he claimed there was really nothing more to their relationship than that. Never really serious, but like, but she capped her teeth for you and also like you guys are married. Yeah. Like he's just sitting there being like, yeah, we went on a few dates. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. No, no, they're not married. I thought they were married. Christina and Paul. No, he's, no, I mean, married to other people. Yeah. Oh, they're married to other people. That's what I mean. Like she's Yes. Oh, he's sitting there.


I'm like, why is this not hitting you the way it's hitting me? I was like, he like, wait, no, they're not married. I thought you thought they were married to each other. Like, like they are married to other people and he is being like, we went on a few dates. Yeah. Like that's something you do when you're married to other people. Yeah. And it's like, no, no, babe, you're, yeah, there's spouses. Hello the spouses, you're, you can't, you can't just go on a date. Like, he's like, it's very much against just laws being the spouse, blowing past the whole, like just, yeah. We went on a few dates, but like, what wasn't serious. I'm not even worried about if it's serious or not. You went on a date. Yeah. What the fuck? Yeah. Everyone's so fucking, everyone's so cla cavalier, they really are. Are. And also so Damn, damn.


I told you you're a beaver. So detectives couldn't help feeling that up. Paul was not telling the entire truth. They were like, me too. Interesting. They were like, damn, that said, damn, Paul. So, so they actually assigned an officer to track Paul and Christina's movements. And two days later, when Christina got the first payout from Arlen's Insurance, the detail followed them to Las Vegas, where they checked into an expensive hotel together, racked up a very large bill. And in the six weeks that followed, Christina received $25,000 from the life insurance company and transferred all of that money to Paul in a series of seven transfers. Even though their relationship wasn't super serious.


There's a lot of lying happening here. And bad lying. Yeah. Lying. No, at did and at lying is gonna get caught. Cheryl is still alive. And guess what everybody, Paul doesn't even know Cheryl at this point. Paul's married to another woman at this point. Oh my God. Because Correct. He is married. Sorry, I should have said that when you brought that point up. I'm, I'm shook if he is married, but not to Cheryl. Just to another woman. Yeah, we'll get there. So he's been, he's been at it for a long time. Oh, Paul. Paul stays at it. But yeah, so seven months later, Paul used that money to purchase his first bar in Burbank, which he named the Grand Dutch. Now, based on their investigation, detectives in the Cromwell case theorized that following her makeover, Christina divorced Marlon and started her relationship with Paul only to rebury Mr.


Cromwell less than a year later in order to arrange for his murder and to cash out on that life insurance policy. Cool. Is it cash out or cash in? I feel like do both work? I think you can use both. Yeah, I would say both is fine. Thanks. You're welcome. Well welcome. Unfortunately, all the evidence they had was circumstantial and there was really no way for them to prove that either Christina or Paul was involved in the death. It just kinda looked like it. Yeah. According to author Ken Hurwitz, it appeared to the district attorney that even though they were likely they were the likely ones to commit this murder, it was best to wait and hope that more evidence would arrive. Yeah. And boy did it because remember, oh, it's just best to wait. It's just best to wait. It probably did it, but like, let's, let's say wait for more evidence.


Yeah. I'm like, yeah, it's, I guess like, okay. Now after learning of Paul Valor's connection to the death of Marlon Cromwell detectives who were investigating Cheryl's death looked for an insurance policy taken out in Cheryl's name, and they found that just a few months before her death, Paul started a policy with a $25,000 payout eek. And this policy also had a double indemnity clause, meaning it would pay double in the unlikely event of an accidental death or murder. Oh no. I feel like insurance companies need to not advertise this and just have it be a happy surprise in the midst of a tragedy. That's what I think. It's like a, you know, like it's really sad.


Everybody's upset, we're going through grief and Oh, here's a little silver lining. Guess what? You get more. You got the good insurance, but you didn't know that ahead of time. Yes. So we can be sure that you didn't take that into consideration when all this was going on. Exactly. Well, while investigators continued to pursue the insurance angle, two detectives paid a visit to Paul's first wife, Layla hoping to learn what kind of husband Paul had been to her. Any anything interesting about his past? Oh, come on. Layla. Layla on us. Layla had never met Cheryl and actually didn't even know she existed. Oh. When the detectives informed her of her death, and when they told Layla that Cheryl had been killed, she started trembling and quote, could not get her hands to be steady.


She was like freaking out. Oh.


Peloton has a variety of workouts for wherever you are in your fitness journey, holiday era, pre off meditation era, dry January era, whatever era of your life you're in, Peloton has the classes and motivation you need to get after it. I'm in my will. You just get up and do something Era. So I've been really focusing on Bradley Rose's cycling classes. I'm really getting into some yoga classes and it's been awesome because there's this little thing on each of the classes that you can tell how hard It is. And we're always running on time on Peloton because whether you need 10, 20, 45 minutes of you time to sweat or just get grounded, Peloton provides flexibility with daily on demand and live classes that fit your schedule and your life. That has been immensely important to me. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Hey, you weirdos. I've got the scoop on this amazing skincare product that's gonna honestly be a total game changer for you. Many of you already know and love Drunk Elephant just as much as I do. And guess what? They just launched C Luma br Serum, a gentle 10% hydrating vitamin C serum that brightens hydrates improves clarity and reduces blemishes. It's so funny because I literally got a facial the other day and the girl who did my facial recommended this product to me. So I started using it immediately And I really do feel so hydrated. I definitely can tell that it's brightening. It just looks really, really nice on my skin And it feels so good, especially in these drier winter months. Drunk elephant c Luma br serum is ideal for those who are sensitive to traditional vitamin C formulas. Plus you can use it day and night. I use it twice a day, And I do have very sensitive skin And it has not bothered me at all. Discover c Luma br serum@drunkelephant.com.


She told the Burbank detectives that her marriage to Paul had started out like most marriages do. He was romantic, attentive, they seemed genuinely happy to be married. He seemed happy. They did have money trouble from the early days. Former girlfriend Morgan St. James said money had always been important to Paul. He wanted things that were, that were far beyond his reach. And according to Layla, it was important to Paul that people see him as successful, which he defined in financial terms. Okay. He even made it a point to inform everybody that everybody he met, that his cousin Stan Lee Kubrick, was a wildly successful film director hoping they would associate him with Kubrick's success.


I'm sorry, what? Wait, wait, wait. You gotta say it. Damn. What I told you, I told you this is quite an interesting case. I had no idea Stanley Kubrick was gonna make an appearance here. I, I don't think Stanley Kubrick did either. I didn't know that. Yeah. I don't think he had any intention of making, I think Stanley said, keep me out of this. He said, I'm gonna go make an art film by Yeah. That what? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. However, Paul was nothing like his cousin. We stand Stanley. It doesn't sound like it. No, it doesn't sound like it. In fact, after being fired from the LAPD, he seemed to just move from one scheme to the other, just blowing his and Layla's money along the way. Wow. On like frivolous shit. Shortly after their wedding, that was when Layla noticed a big shift in Paul's personality.


She said he became volatile and moody. He would just ignore her. Instead, he would choose to stay up late watching old movies and clean his guns. Like instead of interacting with her at all. That's a no for me. Yeah. His indifference to Layla soon turned to anger and violence. And I just wanna give a trigger warning for like domestic abuse here. Oh no. This is a pretty rough one. In fact, Layla reacted so physically to the news of Cheryl's death, basically because there were so many occasions where she believed that Paul was actually going to kill her. Oh, that's awful. Yeah. One afternoon, just about a year into their marriage, she went out for a few hours and when she got home, she found that Paul was extremely drunk and he was pissed about something like enraged before she could even open the driver's side door.


Paul yanked the door open and was on top of her punching her in the face over and over and screaming at her, I'm going to kill you. Whoa. He then dragged her out of the car and started beating her head against the side of the car to the point where she lost consciousness. And he only stopped when he saw another car approaching. She ended up being hospitalized for several days with very, very severe injuries to her head and face. But she declined to press charges because she was afraid of Paul still, obviously. So he never faced any kind of consequences for the assault. Wow. Yeah. That's horrifying. Horrifying. Now, his attack on Layla seemed to come out of absolutely nowhere, but it was just the beginning of a series of events that caused her to be absolutely terrified of her husband.


A month or so after the attack in the car, Layla suffered two serious hit and runs like one after the other that left her really badly injured, but luckily still alive in one of the incidents. She recalled the driver stopping after he hit her car and looking at her in the rear view mirror. But she could only see his eyes, so she couldn't identify him. What the fuck. Now, despite not seeing the driver either time, she believed the hit and run incidents had definitely been orchestrated by Paul in an effort to get rid of her. And in each case, there was also an insurance policy that paid out $5,000 after each incident. So they got $10,000, or I, I really should say Paul did. Yeah. When asked why, if she believed he was trying to kill her, did she stay with Paul for so long?


She explained that she believed if she tried to leave, he would kill her at that point. Yeah. And it must be terrifying. Yeah, of course. And as we know, that is the most dangerous time. Yeah. To leave an abusive partner. And in the end, it turned out that the fear that made her stay was actually also the thing that finally convinced her to leave Paul. Good. Just a few weeks after that second hit and run, Paul convinced Layla to join him for a day in the mountains. And he said, you know, we'll do some target shooting that. So she reluctantly agreed to go with him. I know she reluctantly agreed to go, but when they got into the woods, Paul just paced around for a while and never fired a shut a shot, excuse me. And then decided it was time to go home. Just abrupt. No, I don't like that at all.


So at that point she was, that sounds like he had intentions and he, he couldn't do it. Lost his nerve 100%. And that's exactly what Layla thought. I hate that said she, she knew, she believed that he fully intended to kill her that day. Oh, that's horrifying. And she knew that if she didn't leave him, it would just be a matter of days before he did get the confidence to do it. So it was also around this time that she learned of Paul's relationship with Christina Cromwell, which the courts would've deemed a justifiable reason to dissolve the marriage. So she took that opportunity and she divorced Paul. Damn. But also, another thing to think about here is she had to have a reason to divorce. Yeah. Like a justifiable reason. She couldn't just be like, I don't wanna be in this relationship anymore.


Yeah. Like what? Dumb. So hearing Layla's descriptions of the abuse she suffered at the hands of her ex-husband Paul was, as far as the detectives were concerned, only further evidence of a pattern of behavior that had probably led to the death of his current wife, Cheryl. Yeah. But the problem was they couldn't prove that he had anything to do with Cheryl's death. According to Ken Herwitz, Paul walked Cheryl per prevailer out to the car on the night of the murder, but his employees had never said that he left the bar for enough time to physically get to the apartment, commit the murder, and get back. So he hadn't done this. Jesus physical evidence of Paul's involvement was obviously hard to come by, but the circumstantial evidence was just piling up. Yeah. 10 days after Cheryl's murder, investigators sat down with Paul's coworker and pretty much the closest thing he had to a friend, a guy named Alan Halverson, they had actually worked together at, at the insurance company.


And Halverson was drawn to Paul's charisma and exciting lifestyle. But the more time he spent with Paul, the more he started to see a side of Paul that few others had ever seen, say for his ex-wife, Layla. At first, Alan was evasive and pretty much seemed to be protecting Paul, telling investigators that he just knew how much Paul loved Cheryl and how he would never do anything to hurt her. Hmm. But the detectives, specifically one detective named Detective King could tell that Halverson was an empathetic person and didn't seem accustomed to lying. So he just kept pushing until Halverson finally caved. After taking a deep breath, he looked at the detectives and said he was afraid of Paul after everything he had seen and heard.


Oh man. According to him, Paul wasn't just involved in the attempted murders of Layla, but also several local robberies and the death of Marlon Cromwell. And he knew this all for fact. Holy shit. Halverson said the two men had been out at a bar drinking together and had become quite drunk. And Paul confessed that he'd killed Marlon Cromwell. Halverson said, he made the remark that quote, I killed her husband referring to Christina Cromwell's husband. Wow. So the detectives could tell there was more than just fear, motivating Alan Halversons silence like Layla. Alan also believed that Paul would kill him if he ever said anything about the murder, confession or his knowledge of the other crimes. But at the same time, he was embarrassed and ashamed for not giving the, the police this information sooner.


Yeah. He told Detective King, don't ask me why I continued working for him. I can't give you a logical explanation of why I did it. So at 6:45 PM for Los Angeles, police officers armed with shotguns entered the Grand Duke bar and announced that they were placing Paul at arrest for the murders of Marlon Cromwell and Cheryl per prevailer. Wow. And the attempted murder of his ex-wife Layla per prevailer. Oh shit. And as they placed Paul in handcuffs and escorted him out of the car, he said, don't you guys ever give up. Ugh. That he was just like, Ugh. Like he's just like, oh my God. Like, wow. Wow. Shortly after midnight, a second team of officers caught up with Christina Cromwell at the apartment she shared with her sister and placed her under arrest for the murder of her husband.


Wow. Now, the evidence against Paul and Christina was pretty much almost entirely circumstantial, but there was a lot of it. And the prosecutor from the District Attorney's office, Vincent b Bugliosi, excuse me, decided to take a chance of that. What evidence they did have would be compelling enough for a jury. When the news hit the papers the next day, the press couldn't help but draw comparisons to the popular film Double Indemnity, where a wealthy woman seduces an insurance agent and convinces him to kill her husband. Oh shit. It's very similar. I love when they're like, we can't help but look at this and say, say's it's the same. It is what It is. It's a movie. Yeah. The United Press International described the case as the Late show come to life.


Wow. Saying that the Prevailer case quote does double indemnity one better. I'm like, okay guys, people died here. This is getting wild. Yeah. It's like, this is literal, this is real people. Yeah. It's not a movie script. These are not actors. But the other aspects of the case were too good, too salacious to be ignored as far as the press was involved. Paul's previous employment as an LAPD officer, rumors of illegal abortions, and of course his ongoing affair with Christina Cromwell, which had motivated most of the crimes. I'm like, I don't really know if it was his affair so much as it was the money, but Yeah, it was a specific Yeah. But like for Right. So on May 2nd, Paul and Christina were both formally charged and arraigned A short time later in district court, the judge Joan Dempsey claim denied bail for both of them and remanded them to the custody of the county.


Pending a preliminary hearing on May 14th, Bugliosi took the case to the grand jury with a simple case, like we said, built on circumstantial evidence. The prosecutor alleged that Paul Prevailer and Christina Cromwell had been carrying on an extramarital affair for years, and that they had conspired to kill Layla Prevailer in order to cash in on her life insurance policy. And when that plan failed, they devised a new strategy this time targeting Mar Marlon Cromwell. And when those insurance funds were beginning to run out, they targeted Paul's new wife, Cheryl Pur prevailer. I like imagine being this ruthless of a human being when you sit there and you wonder like, did he just plan to kill her all along because they were married for seven months?


That's the thing. And it's like, so he's dating Christina, but, and at the same time, is he just hunting for a woman to kill, to marry and kill? Yeah. That's the thing. Like, was there ever any love there? Like, like did he pick her specifically? 'cause he was like, oh, I can kill her. Right. Like, that's who killed her. That's Yeah. Who did it actually? Yeah. Like who pulled the trigger? Holy shit. Now Bugliosi, like we just said, couldn't connect either of the accused to the murders directly. But the circumstantial evidence, more than 30 witness statements and multiple bank transfers were compelling enough for the grand jury to return indictments on all charges. It was actually really unusual for a jury to indict without knowing the identity of the actual killer.


But Bogle's strategy emphasized that quote, those responsible for the murder stood to profit from insurance policies on the victim's lives, and thus they should be held equally as responsible as whoever did commit the murders. Yeah. On all counts, Paul and Christina pleaded not guilty lies. Yeah. Now a trial date was set for November, and in the meantime, lawyers for Paul and Christina started petitioning the court to have the trial separated, arguing that it would be pre prejudicial for Christina to be tried with Paul because the greater number of counts against him. Superior Judge Pierce Young, listened to both sides, but ultimately denied that motion to sever the trials. He said, Nope, he locked those two in as co-defendants.


And to make matters worse for them, after Judge Young's decision, the prosecutor's office announced that they'd be seeking the death penalty. I mean, honestly, if, and again, we've, we've gone, if you've listened to this, you know, our stances on the whole thing, we're gray. Like super gray. But I lean more towards being against it. If there's, if there's a case where you, it makes sense that they're going for it, this makes sense. Like I can see why they were going for it here. Yeah. Same. So Paul and Christina's trial began on November 18th, 1968. Which is weird because today is November 19th, which is the very next day. But we were actually originally slated to record this yesterday. That is weird.


And it, and that happens a lot. That's the thing. It's something that happens so often, but, so yes. Years later, prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi would make a name for himself as the prosecutor in the case against the Manson family. Say it, say it. Say it. Say it. Damn. That's crazy though. Yeah. And subsequently, as an author like yourself, oh my God, there's some big plays in this. I know. But at the time, 'cause this all happened before that he was young and pretty relatively inexperienced as a prosecutor Thus far. He was green. He was green. So those two facts left. Many people wondering if he was the right person for the job. People were like, I don't know if this case is gonna go like we want it to.


But when it came time for those opening arguments, everybody was about to have egg on their face. A big disgrace. Yes. I don't know the rest of the words. Something all over the place go. But years later, something all over the place. Right. That's awesome. Your, your can all over the place. All over the place. Is it kicking your, can you got mud on your face? A big disgrace kicking your can all over the place. Please. Why does that feel wrong? I don't know. I guess your can is your butt. Yeah, I'm looking it up. I like that. Yeah, we were right. Okay. I second guessed myself. I need to stop doing that. I second guessed myself too.


Miami Metro catches killers and they say it takes a village to race one. If anyone knows how powerful urges can be, it's me. Catch Dexter Morgan in a new serial killer origin story, hunger inside of you. It needs a master featuring Patrick Gibson, Christian Slater special guest star Sarah Michelle Geller with Patrick Ey and Michael C. Hall as Dexter's in her voice. I wasn't born a killer. I was made Dexter original Sin new series streaming December 13th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan. Go to paramount plus.com to try it. Free terms apply.


Well, years later, Bolio Sam himself would write, I sometimes waive an opening statement feeling that it takes the edge off my witness's testimony when the jury has already heard the story from me. But in this case, he understood that the timeline was long and pretty complicated. The evidence was not always explicit in its importance, and the killer was still unknown. So he decided to take some time to clarify these finer points of the case. And told the jury that the deaths of Marlon Cromwell and Cheryl Pur Prevailer had quote all the earmarks of planned executions. He continued saying, we intend to prove by very strong circumstantial evidence that Paul pur Prevailer was responsible for the murder of his wife. Cheryl emphasizing the word responsible to mean it was him who set things in motion, not necessarily pulled the trigger.


Yes. But he is responsible here. Interesting. So lawyers for the defense, on the other hand, they actually chose to waive their opening statements, which I didn't know was an option. I also didn't actually, maybe I did. Yeah. I feel like it's a, it's not something that really pops up in our cases at all. Yeah. I think I knew that it was a thing. It just, it really doesn't pop up in our cases a lot. Yeah. I, I didn't know, you can't even think of one to be honest. But with more than a hundred witnesses called and a large amount of complicated evidence, the trial dragged on for almost three months. So during this time, most of the public's attention was focused on Paul and Christina's behavior in the courtroom, which many people found to be in poor taste. Hmm. Paul's former girlfriend, Morgan St. James said Paul was flirting and winking with the court reporter.


And Christina showed up in a miniskirt. What? Yeah. Not really. Either things you wanna be doing while you're on trial for murder. Probably not. But despite the distractions, Bugliosi stayed mostly focused on what evidence he could show to the jury to convince them of Paul's guilt. He wasn't able to prove, Paul pulled the trigger in either case, obviously, but he was able to show the bank transfers that happened shortly after each murder occurred and the policy started paying out. And it was the timing of the murders and the transfers more than anything else that really seemed to get through to the jury. 'cause that's hard to argue. It is like you got It is got numbers in front of you. Yeah. But regardless of who actually committed the murders, the quick transfer of funds, seven in total was according to Bugliosi evidence that neither murder would've occurred without Paul's orchestration.


Exactly. Now, if his strategy was focused and simple intended to make sense to anybody on the jury, the defense had different ideas about how they should proceed rather than attempt to, you know, refute the prosecution's evidence and witness statements or anything like that. Lawyers for Paul and Christina attempted to place blame on each other 'cause they each had their own set of lawyers. Ah, there It is. I was waiting for that. Yeah. Paul's lawyer, Mel Alba, argued that Christina had orchestrated both murders in order to have Paul all to herself. Oh. And her lawyer argued that Christina was just another victim who'd been manipulated by Paul, which is kind of believable. Yeah, absolutely. Now, on February 15th, Bugliosi gave his closing remarks.


He summarized the case for the jury as just a simple matter of murder for profit and criticized the defense for quote, throwing up a smokescreen around the facts of the case in order to escape into the darkness of reasonable doubt, which is poetic. Yeah. And correct escape into the darkness. Yeah. I love it. If you listen to the re watcher, it made me immediately think of into the, into Thena goes to the re watcher. Go listen to that show. It's great. Mel Albu meanwhile tried to place blame on the prosecution's main witness. You might remember one, Alan Halverson. Oh, I do argue. And he argued that it was actually Halverson who had killed Cheryl. Oh, not true. Wow. But after closing statements were giving the juror, given the jury retired for deliberation on February 18th.


After three days of deliberation, they returned to announce that they found Paul Prevailer guilty on two counts of first degree murder. Wow. And guilty on one count of attempted murder. Wow. Yeah. So they found him guilty across the board. Damn. And they found Christina Cromwell guilty of one count of first degree murder as well. Vincent Bogle's case had been very complicated, as we know, very circumstantial. But in the end, he was able to convince that jury that each defendant had played essential roles in the deaths of their spouse spouses, even if they didn't do the killing themselves. That's very, very interesting. Yeah. And as a green prosecutor at the time, that's the thing, like, that's very fascinating. And I mean, he must have been very persuasive Oh yeah.


With such a circumstantial case. Yep. To be for beyond a reasonable doubt. I think. I think, damn. I think those damn think you should just name this episode. Damn. Damn. I think those transfers really spoke for themselves. Yeah. And the fact that they, there are, you know, two deaths here and there's some time between them specific deaths too, very specific. And those transfers aligned so perfectly. Yeah. Like in conjunction to that timeline. Yeah. You know what I mean? So, Paul and Christina were back in court for sentencing on February 24th, 1969. And Bugliosi followed through on his earlier statements and asked the jury to sentence each of them to death for their roles in the murders.


He told the jury to Paul Prevailer, the taking of a human life is like taking a drink of water. That's scary. That hits Christina's attorney. David Co. Kogas argued that his client was, quote, not an equal partner in the slaying of Cromwell, and that she went along with the crime only because she was under Prevailer Bengali influence. Wow. Yeah. Pulling out the Bengali. I know. I had to look that up. The following day, February 26th, the jury announced their decisions for her role in the murder of her husband. Christina Cromwell was sentenced to life in prison, but she did get the eligibility for parole after seven years. Oh. Whenever you hear life in prison and then you're like, but after seven years you can probably get out. It's like, what is that?


Yeah. I think why that too? Like what a weird conflicting statement the rest of your life. Unless you can reach seven years of the parole board in seven years. Yeah. Like, wow. As for Paul pur prevailer, though, they sentenced him to death in the gas chamber. Wow. Yes. Which is honestly, you have to think about how remarkable that is because that is remarkable. Everybody on that jury knew, like sat there knowing that he did not actively kill Cheryl and did not act. I mean, we don't know if he actively killed them, but they, but they could not technically prove that he had a actual physical hand Right. In the act itself. Right. Wow. But to sentence him to death even still is Interesting.


Interesting. Yeah. That's the thing. This is an interesting case. Yeah. But when asked for comment on the sentences, Paul told reporters it was the sentence he'd been hoping for. He said, I don't wanna spend the rest of my life in prison. Whoa. So he was just like one final jackass. Like, yeah. It's him being like, it's him being like, you know what? I wanted that. I wanted that actually. So thanks. Like, okay, you petulant fucking child. But for those most affected by the trial, the verdicts and sentences came as obviously a significant relief. Yeah. Alan Halverson and Layla Pur Prevailer, the state's two most important witnesses, actually started spending a lot of time together during the trial. Shut up. And they eventually got married. Oh my God. Because they had the bond over, like this very unusual shared experience.


Wow. Isn't that awesome? I hope they had a lovely life. It sounds like they did. Oh, good. Yeah. You know, and in 1972, as you might remember, well, not saying you were alive, but Wow, that's not what I was saying. Just because it's come up a lot. Wow. California repealed the death penalty and all death row inmates had their sentences commuted to life in, in prison. We've seen that. Which honestly is actually hilarious to me. It is. That he was like, I wanted to, to go to the gas chamber. And the state was like, oh, sorry. You thought only a few years later too. So this meant that Paul, who had been sentenced, like we just said, to die in prison, was now eligible for parole though. Oh. As early as 1984. Forgot about that.


So in response to that, I also was not alive then either. She wasn't No. Just you, you were, you were like on your way though. No, I'm at the end of the next year. Oh, I wasn't on my way. I don't know how it all works. No way. They were thinking about you actually. They weren't. You were surprised. No, I was gonna say they didn't actually you weren't. You were the stomach flu. But in response to that change, Layla Halverson Halverson now, oh, look at that. And California assemblyman, Patrick Nolan started lobbying very hard to keep Paul, who they described as a cold calculating killer in prison for the rest of his life. Yeah, I get that. They said, we're asking everyone to join us with requesting that the board of prison term reopened the Prevailer case and revoke his parole in light of the cold-blooded crimes committed by him.


Yeah. And it turned out that they were not alone in their quest. They also had the support of the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office. Damn. And a statement to reporters, deputy district attorney Steve Soer, said Prevailer is performing on paper like a model prisoner, but he himself did not believe that Paul had genuinely reformed in any way. Yeah. And openly supported the Halversons case. So in 1976, Christina Cromwell was actually paroled from prison. Oh, I knew you were gonna tell me that. She did not spend a lot, a lot of time in there. And the years that followed though, she did become a key witness in the district attorney's efforts to keep Paul behind bars whenever he became available for, or eligible, excuse me, for parole. Yeah.


And I mean, what else are you gonna do at a parole hearing? In 1986 when Elena was alive, Christina Cromwell testified for nearly four hours. And during that time, she told the board that in 1966, this is crazy. Paul had given his parents a trip to Mexico as an anniversary party, but then tried to have his parents murdered as they traveled between Tijuana and Ens Sonata. I'm sorry. He tried to have his, he tried to kill his own parents. Paul's father was shot in the face during the attack, but was unable to identify the shooter. And the case went cold. Oh, this guy's a fucking monster.


Literally. He was going way far back his parents' anniversary. He was gonna have them killed in cash in on the money. Holy shit. Yeah. He's a, he's a fucking coldblooded. Yeah. But at the time, it was also revealed that during the attack on Layla, where Paul beat her brutally, Ugh. Christina was in the car waiting nearby to help Paul flee the scene. Oh, fuck. Which I'm like, yeah, yeah. That's fucked up. Yeah. Now all of Paul's subsequent. Oh, that's awful. It is awful. All of Paul's subsequent bid for parole have been denied, and he remains in prison to this day at Mule Creek Correctional Facility in California. Damn. Yes. That wasn't even intentional.


I just meant, damn. In reflecting on the case for the Discovery Channel, executive director of the Los Angeles Police Museum, it's a mouthful. Told pro producers, Paul was from a moneyed family and certainly could have found easier ways to get money. Yeah. He said, as these attacks went on, each got more and more violent. I don't think he was killing for insurance money. I think Prevailer was a stone cold killer, I think. Exactly. I think it started off as a money thing. Yep. Like, or what he was trying to think of as a money thing. Yeah. But there's no way. I think the money was an added bonus. I think he liked it was too liked the feeling of power, of being able to just be like, that person gone. And he's obviously like a monster. I mean, he literally, like, he's had his own marriages, like he's a monster.


He had his own parents attacked Yeah. As an anniversary gift. He, that was shot in the face. Like, are you kidding me? Yeah. Like wild, poor Layla. I know. Like he's a monster. And then to find out that the woman he was cheating on you with was sitting waiting in, in the car, in the getaway car, and then she's just out walking around like, what? That's fucked. Yeah. Scary. Scary shit. What a very what? Strange story. Very strange case. Very interesting. And who the fuck killed Cheryl? Well, that's a, that's the, the main takeaway here. And who killed Marlon is who the fuck is the person who did it? We don't know. They escaped into the darkness literally. Wow. Which is honestly like the scariest shit I've ever heard.


Very haunting. Yeah. You just wonder who he was connected to and Wow. Yeah. That's the thing. Like, you don't know how far this goes. Damn. You just don't. But we'll never know. That's that, that's the the case for you. And we hope you keep listening. We hope you keep it. Damn damn. But not so weird that all you can say is, damn, but I've been there too, so keep it that way. I can't help it. Bye. Damn, damn fevers.


If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


This is a PSA or public sock announcement. Experts have declared Bombas socks as the best way to warm up chili feet. These pairs are super cushy, soft, and designed for maximum coziness. Plus for every pair purchased, another pair will be donated. So someone in need of essential clothing can stay warm this winter. Go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM s.com/ Wondery.