
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Hey everyone, I have to tell you about this all in one shake that I am loving called Cava. It's hands down the best thing that I've found to help me get all my essential nutrients into each day. Cava is the all in one Super food shake made up of high quality plant based nutrients. It's got greens, it's got superfruits, plant proteins, antioxidants, adaptogens, probiotics, In, other words, everything your body craves to feel your best. It's creamy, it's smooth, and it comes together with just water. It also comes in five delicious flavors. I've tried literally every single one of them personally. Vanilla and chai are my favorite flavors. and sometimes I like to combine them to have a vanilla chai. But there's also chocolate matcha and coconut acai, if that's your thing. Big fan of the coconut acai. I. like to drink cava in the morning because then I know I got all my nutrients right at the top of my day. And I. Just feel satiated, happy, energized to go about my day. Ka Chava is offering our listeners 10% off for a limited time Just. go to Ka Chava dot com slash Morbid. spelled K, A CHA, V A, and get 10% off your first order. That's K-A-C-H-A. V A dot com slash Morbid.


Whip out your phones and open DoorDash to enjoy deals on summer stuff. Now through July 24th. Now through July 24th. Enjoy savings at restaurants, grocery stores, retail shops and more. Whether you're looking for food from a local restaurant, groceries from across town, or anything in between, enjoy all the deals on must haves during summer of dash pass. Now through July 24th, get access to member only deals on hot wings. MM to ice cream and everything in between. Now through July 24th, get the best deal and exclusive items from your favorite brands. Like Taco Bell, Elena, Popeye's, and Alta Beauty. Order on DoorDash and save Big during summer of dash pass. Sign up today, dash pass. Benefits apply only to eligible orders. Terms apply. Plus, you'll be getting $0 deliveries and lower service fees with a dash pass membership dash pass. Benefits apply only to eligible orders. Terms apply. Sign up for Dash pass now. If, you aren't already a member and enjoy a summer full of savings. Dash pass benefits apply only to eligible orders. Terms apply.


Life is full of personal wins. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car or checking off your to-do list. Winning at life is a great feeling. And with the State Farm personal price plan, you can keep winning When you create an affordable price. Just For you by bundling home and auto. So give yourself a round of applause. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


Hey Weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. And this right here. Is. Morbid. It's Morbid Listener. Tales brought to you by you. For you FROM you and all about you, baby. Yay. What's up? Nothing. I, I mean so much. I was like, cool, but But nothing of note right now. No. Yeah.


Everything's just, you ever feel like you're just in a state of, of with your career, professional life in an an ex, just in anima suspended animation. That's what I was trying to say. What do you mean? Like everything's just on hold. You know when you get in those little lull periods where like you're waiting on certain things to happen. Yeah. Yeah. You're just like, yeah, I live, that's where I, we live in different places though. Yeah. You live on earth. And I live in the clouds. Do so sometimes. I don't even know when I'm in that period. I'm just like, look a bird. It is. Honestly, you're better off up there. Yeah. Down here. It's rough. Earth is Earth is not cute. It's bleak down here. You know what I heard.


Actually, this isn't something I should tell you, but here we are. Oh no. I was listening to, I was just coming off of earth as bleak. I was listening to Disrespectfully. It's Katie Maloney's podcast with Dana. Yeah. And they had Ariana on and she was talking every week they have a segment where they put something in the basement, which we should start doing in the office. It's like, like the, there's a fly in here fucking terrorizing us. It needs to stop. Oh, the sound of a fly I know I can't buzz buzz buzz buzz buzzing makes me angry. It literally ignites every single one of my sense nerve sense things sense. Yeah. I feel exposed. We literally opened the window for him to go outside too.


I'm like, just get the fuck out. So not only is he loud and gross, but he's fucking stupid too. He is. All right. Maybe if we ignore him, he'll leave 'cause he won't feel included. Okay. So they put something in the basement every week, which means like, it's like their thing that they hate or like we're like, fuck that. We're getting rid of it. Like we're just not gonna deal with that anymore. Yeah. I love that And. I guess Ariana's been flying a lot 'cause You know like fucking bicoastal queen. Yeah. And she said that she's putting turbulence in the basement because like it sucks so much. And then she said that turbulence is just gonna get worse. She heard because of global warming. I mean that makes sense. 'cause all turbulences is just like air and air is getting worse because of global and the air warming, You know like, like hot air, cold air, like all the shit that You.


Know what I mean? Yeah. Because turbulence is really just like air pushing on the Yeah. Or like bumps in the air kind of thing. Yeah. But sorry. But turbulence is okay. Yeah. 'cause you're just in Jello because it can't knock you outta the sky. I think when I heard that I said Don't tell Elena. Don't tell Elena. Don't tell Elena and then you just told me that. But do you, does that ever happen to you? You where you're like, don't tell that person that. Don't tell that. And then you're like, Hey, I really have to tell you something. Does that ever happen to you? Not, not on that level. Hmm. Well but, but here we are. See one thing that doesn't happen to me and one thing that doesn't happen to you. There you go. What did you say? Suspended animation. Yeah. And turbulence and telling people about it. Telling people with fear.


Flying about it. Sorry. You're like, Hey, get on a plane. Come on, get on a plane. And you're like, did You know that turbulence is only gonna get fucking worse and there's nothing you can do? Listen, listen. Didn't get listen. Get on a plane. I'm not going anywhere with you. I don't have any trips planned with you as of late. Get on a goddamn plane. You should get on a plane. Go on vacation. Yeah, after that. Just know that turbulence gonna be worse after, after that. I can't wait. All right. Well I picked the Listener Tales this week and And I didn't even read 'em. I didn't read 'em. I was in a place I guess 'cause there's a lot of like grandparents and a lot of messages and signs. It's very ash. You are in a place called space. So aren't we all? Yeah, it's true. You wanna start? I do. Should I just start with the first one?


Yep. 'cause I wanna read the second one. Oh, look at that. It's perfect. Oh my God. This is why we work so freaking well. Let's see. So this one is cooled the time my dead grandpa played Cupid for me and my boyfriend. Isn't that I'm kind of obsessed with that. It says, please keep this anon If. you read it on the podcast. You can call me T Anon. I will do that. For you T it says hello. My fellow witchy, spiritual spooky bitches. If. you read this on the pod. I think I quite literally will ship my dick from excitement and maybe the shock of hearing my own story. So with that being said, I just got done listening to Listener Tales 86 where during my intent, during my intent listening, I was thinking about writing in this odd tale.


And then the story you read immediately after mentioned Kachina dolls. And I knew that writing this not so spooky, spooky tale was a must. With that being said, please excuse any side tangents or BLEs blah BLS or Blas bls ramblings. I go on the neuro spiciness is so fucking strong. I feel that on such a deep level. Yeah. Feel free to cut out any parts of this story that seem redundant. Never And I. Do my best to stay on track. We will not do that. I put this in a double space size 14 po Pofa. I mean hopefully it's a podifah. I am not necessarily the most tech savvy gal. It's a podifah. It's a putah. Anyways, I have a quick confession.


I realized the other day that I don't even know how to make a fucking podifah, but you like demanded it. I can't. Yes. I can't even argue that fact. That's hilarious. I like guys, I really would prefer If. you put your stories in pfa. Just please. Because it's just like easier for me and then I'm like, how do you make a putah? So here we all are here. We all are. Oh, that's who we are. You know. We're just trying our best over here. We don't know how to do anything. Nah. Let's start with a little backstory. Shall we? We shall. In April of 2021, I started a new job in a town over from where I was living. After a while of working there, one of the men on my shift caught my eye. Now, now I'm not typically one of one to make the first move because fuck the embarrassment that comes along with rejection.


Like, excuse me, while I go crawl into the deepest darkest hole that I can find. However, how old do I have a story? For you baby. Oh my God. I won't tell it, but it's a story though. It's something. Oh, I love that. Now. However, this man caught my attention enough that I started making it a point to talk to him every day, flirt with him when possible and eventually give him my number. Good For. you t I know that's shoot your damn shot. That's fucking amazing, Jim. Its boss bitch behavior. And. I. Just love the fact that like they normally would never do something like this. Yeah, but they did. But you're like, I chose now. Yeah, I like that. Turns out that he had moved here from a different state about 1500 miles away. Only a month before we started working on at the company, and we were hired a measly three weeks apart.


Even though I do wholeheartedly believe that the events of my life leading up to my employment at the same company as him were divine workings on the universe's part. I have no clue what the following events were caused by throwing in a side note here before I go further on into the story. My boyfriend is the furthest thing from religious or spiritual, very much a man of fact and believes in science and physical evidence, agnostic or atheist If you will after months of being friendly, talking, et cetera, our relationship slowly became more until by May of 2022. We were officially dating. Fast forward to November of 2023 and we take a road trip to Arizona to visit my grandma. When we arrived, my grandma had had us get settled in what used to be my grandpa's bedroom when he was on hospice before he passed away in 2018.


I know, I'm sorry about your grandpa. The room has not changed at all except for the bed. All of his decorations are still hung on the walls and placed on the top of his dresser or watches TV and other seemingly random knickknacks. Now everything else to add in here or something else to add everything else, I have to add everything, everything else right here. Now, something else to add in here because I feel it is extremely important to the story, is that my grandpa worked for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, specifically with the Navajo tribe in the Arizona, New Mexico areas back in the seventies. During that time, he was gifted many things, including quite a few Kachina dolls. I've attached photos of what these dolls look like. I do not believe these dolls are commonly seen out and about in stores and things, but I could be wrong, so please feel free to correct me.


I I never will. I haven't seen them live your life. I will never correct you live your life. Also. I've never seen a kachina at all in store. No. Regardless, unless you have seen them, you would not be able to conjure up an image in your mind because they have a very unique look to them. You are 100% correct. On our second night visiting, while my boyfriend, And I were in the bedroom getting ready for bed, he turned to me and said, can I tell you something kind of weird? I told him, of course, and he went on to say, this has only happened to me a couple times and it has only been with a few random moments in my life. I muttered. Okay, because he was starting to weird me out a bit. I've had a dream about this room before. I whipped my head up and looked at him with my brows furrowed. What? I tried to say it as calmly as I could.


He is not a spiritual woowoo guy, so I didn't wanna make him feel silly for sharing this. That's very nice of you. I know and now I was just fully intrigued. Yeah, that doll, he motioned with a nod of his head to the kachina doll in my grandpa's dresser that was placed to the side of the tv. That whole dresser really? The doll, the tv, the watch is laid out. That pot in the corner and even the large fake tree that sits off to the side, I sat silent looking at the belongings, scattered about that are now so precious to me, waiting for more detail. I have these dreams sometimes. This is where he really caught my attention because outta the two years we've been together, he has claimed to have only had one dream he can recall in those two years. And he also claims he doesn't dream.


I think he just doesn't remember them because what kind of psychopath doesn't dream no one. Exactly. Insert my best girlfriend. Eye roll here. I had a dream probably four, maybe five years ago. I know. I didn't know yet. This is him talking By the way. Yeah. I know. I didn't know you yet. Well, I don't know if I would consider it a dream, a vision. Maybe it was just kind of like a closeup of that doll's face and then it zoomed out and it was the whole dresser. I can remember the doll and the setup of the dresser the best. He shrugged as if to try and make a nonchalant comment. You said this was how many years ago? I wanted him to repeat it before I started really freaking out like four or five years ago. Definitely five at the most.


My grandpa passed away almost exactly five years ago. Whoa. Right? I got chills when I read that his face fell flat as if he was trying to hide any sort of signal that this had him freaked out. We were visiting my grandma about two weeks after the five year anniversary of his passing. I have had two other dreams about this kind of stuff in my life. He told me, he said, he told me about the other times And I listened intently. I'm still trying to figure out how he could have had multiple experiences like this and still not believe that there's something guiding us along our way or that there's a power greater than us. Have you ever seen a doll like that before? Being from a close southern area in a state of near Arizona? The possibility was there And I couldn't pretend it wasn't.


Nope. There was zero hesitation in his response. He definitely hadn't seen one of those dolls before. He dropped the conversation after that. But my head was still spinning. Was this the universe preparing him for another large, monumental moment in his life so that when he lived the moment he knew he was on the right path? Or was it my grandpa's spirit showing him a glimpse of his future that has me, me in it, my grandpa's way of setting me up to know that he is the right one for me without actually being here to give that approval that I always crave. Oh, that's so sweet. Right. You see, my grandpa is and always will be my dad. He's the only person in this world whose approval matters to me when it comes to my life partner. Maybe this was his roundabout way to ensure that I knew his approval was there.


I totally think so. I fully believe that that's what that is. Because he knew right, that his approval mattered to you. Right. And he knew that you needed that. Yep. So he was like, I'm gonna give it to her. I fully believe that. Would your boyfriend have had that dream fully? Like even just going back to like the way that you asked him out and like you never would've really done that before. Yes. Like you felt confident enough to do that. That's a huge part of it. Like I feel like that's such like like an intervention there. Yeah. Of like something that we just can't see because I didn't even think about that part that you never would've shot your shot like you did with this, this guy and it's like, and you went full force. You were like, here's my fucking number baby. Yeah. Like something just told me And the way that you guys started the job at the same time.


Yep. Basically like three weeks apart. Like that's, I don't know, I, I always say I don't know what I believe in. Yeah. I'm like, I sit somewhere out there and, but this kind of stuff just always makes me at least think through it and like question it a little bit. And what's going on here? I know. I don't know If. you guys know this about me, but I hella believe in this shit. And I. Don't know If. you knew this. It was your grandpa or is it my, is my boyfriend simply blessed with a gift from the universe allowing him to see a glimpse of the future? Maybe. I suppose We'll never know, but I like to think it's a little bit of everything. The universe giving my grandpa the opportunity to push him. And, I, both in the right direction and my boyfriend's gift.


Opening him up to a message from grandpa and the universe. I love that. I do too. Maybe next time I'll write in about all the weird, spooky things that happened in my childhood home. Walking into every cupboard in the kitchen being wide open, lights turning on and off on their own things being thrown across the room shelves. Literally flying off the walls. Yes, please, please do. Anyway, now that I'm properly crying, thanks for reading this. Keep it weird, but not so weird that Take it away Ash. Not so weird that your grandpa doesn't divine intervention a boyfriend into your life. Yes. I love that. With all the love tea, right? Isn't that amazing? I love this. I love that one. And also your pictures adorable. They're so adorable together.


I'm telling you. And you adorable. It was meant to be. Also you're wearing a dress that is made For you and you look adorable. I really love that dress a lot. I love this I know. Oh, and your grandpa looks like such a grandpa. I know. Like there's You know how some people you're like, that's a grandpa. That guy's a grandpa. That grandpa gives good hugs. Yes. That grandpa's gonna sneak you cookies. Yeah. And he's handsome. That's a grandpa. He's a handsome grandpa. He's a handsome guy. And grandma's a stunner. Oh my God. I just love them. Did you see their wedding day picture? I literally just opened your grandpa and grandma's wedding day picture. Oh my god. This looks like something out of old Hollywood. They are gorgeous. Wow. Oh, I love seeing old timey like photos like that.


People were just so much better looking back in the day. It's true because we just like everyone took care of business back then. Like people when it came to appearance people. Yeah. They like they just did more. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Like, yeah. As I sit here in leggings in a messy, but like people just really cared back then. I'm sitting here in like a crusty T-shirt. We're all just sitting here. I'm wearing like a giant sweatshirt and like crusty dusty leather leg. I literally have a foundation stain on my shirt. Like we're like, people just like did You know? Like get it together. People should care more about generation beard. You care about what you look like. Wow. Like I'm sitting here talking from a a position of never giving a shit about what I look like when I walk at No, we give a shit sometimes.


I properly. Yes, sometimes, but oftentimes I'm like, sorry, world. Yeah. More often than not I'm like, it is what it is, baby. It is what? It's, oh man.


Now that it's summer, it's time to let your mind go on vacation all through the power of imagination. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Right now you could be traipsing around the big island of Hawaii uncovering government secrets alongside the protagonists of Eruption by Michael Creon and James Patterson. All without leaving your couch with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash Wondery pod or text Wondery pod to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash Wondery pod or text Wondery pod to 500 500.


Wanna teach your kids financial literacy but not sure where to start? Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence. As a parent, you can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free@greenlight.com slash Wondery.


I picked this next one. Elena will understand this. None of you will, but I'll, I'll do my best to explain it. Okay. It reminded me of a lady that I used to live with. Judy. Yes. So that's why I could definitely see that. Yeah. This next one. I love that. All right. Listener tale. The crime next door that shaped my childhood and saved me all at once. Howdy, ladies. I started your pod, started listening to your podcast a couple months ago and have made it all the way to episode 173. Woo woo. Your stories in comedy make me my, make my very stressful job in law. So much easier. And the hour trip in rush hour traffic to downtown Dallas and then our ride home absolutely fly by to the point where I don't even wanna get outta the car and go see my family. Totally kidding. In case my husband or kids are listening.


I love y'all. I love y'all. I love y'all. She's like, don't worry, I love y'all. Just kidding. I've kind of been chewing on sharing my story as it happened in what used to be a very small, close knit town. And. I didn't want any family members hearing and reliving the pain of what happened. So I will use fictional names, but feel free to share my name, which is Kristy Christie. Christie, I love you Kristy. Kristy, you rock. Never change, never trigger warning in advance. This is gonna be a hard one. Oh boy. So here it is. Picture it. 1996 in Weatherford, Texas. It's the middle of the summer and we are on the fifth day of a hundred plus degree streak. Back then, it was still a small town and my street faced the woods.


My friends, And I would stay up late on a party line telling each other scary stories about the woods and daring each other to go in them the next day. Oh, I love that. Right. I also, the nostalgia within the nostalgia story is like, you can feel it. My same house is still there today and all. Its Fox and Jacob Hunter Green with deep red trim glory and my hand prints in the concrete that hold the fence. Posts are still there, and so are my long gone pup's. Little footprints. Side note. His name was Shadow after. Oh, Homeward Bound. Yes. After the dog and Homeward Bound, even though he was a mutt mix of Chow Sharpe and Rottweiler, so yeah. Yeah. He was something. All right. He lived a good 21 year life. Wow. And was blind deaf and even dumber in the end. Oh. But always a good puppers. 21 years.


That's long life. That's wild. Right. But the woods are long gone and have been replaced with hoity-toity cookie cutter houses. It was the day of my birthday in early October of 1996. And I made a discovery that forever changed me and somewhat skewed my view of the world and those closest to you, your own family. Oh man. When we first moved to Weatherford in 1993, I was about five and my elderly neighbor, we'll call her Miss Ivy And I, became close friends fast. I love that. Right when I wasn't out riding my bike around town, rollerblading at the local skating rink, checking out a million books from the library, or scaring myself trying to catch lightning bugs in the woods across from her house. I was next door at Miss Ivy's house. She introduced me to Tea cake, Salisbury steak, and tried her hardest to get me to enjoy Tea Iced or hot.


Yes. I know. Born, raised, and lived my entire life in Texas. And I hate tea of any kind, including Sweet Tea, which down here means you are a heathen. My husband hates tea of any kind too. Oh, does he? Really? Yeah. He does not like tea. That's funny. And Miss Ivy fostered my love for all things horror and fantasy. Oh, miss Ivy sounds like she sounds awesome. I iconic. Yes. She too was a huge Star Trek fan and loved Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Yeah. You got it. Oh, look at you. I'm doing the hand thing. For. you look at that. She loved him as much as I do. We spent many rainy days on her couch reading Mary Higgins Clark, Dean, Clive Cussler in any series we could get our hands on. Miss Ivy was like the grandmother I had lost just a year earlier that I so desperately missed and needed in my life as my mother worked for GM and was in Detroit most of the year.


And my dad, well, let's just say I'm putting it nicely, but he was not a fun person to be around. Oh, that makes me sad. I know You're only five here. It makes me really sad and I'm all just so happy that you had Miss Ivy. Yeah. As the years went by, miss Ivy of course aged and it got harder and harder for her to take care of herself. I would insist on going over there three to four times a day to check on her, make her tea and meals, and make sure she was tucked in at bed at in bed at night. Oh, she was lucky to have you I know Swan's was still a big thing then. So all of her food was delivered And. I could just heat it up for her and put it on one of the awesome metal meal tray. Oh my God. On the rare occasion, my mother was home. She would cook enough for every meal each day. And I would take it over to Miss Ivy and sit with her so for a while so she wouldn't be so alone.


I was about to turn eight when it all happened. Like I said, it was the day before my birthday. I was eager to get the day going because no matter how much I had tried to convince my mother, I just wanted to rollerblade at the skating rink with my friends. She insisted on getting a clown. Ooh. Which thanks to Poltergeist, I'm still terrified of through this day. Yeah. Nah, And I wanted to see if Miss Ivy could talk her out of it. I wasn't close with my mother since she was gone so often, and maybe she would actually listen to another adult who wasn't on day 12 of a manic episode. Oh man. I was an extra large pizza on stilt set seven, so it took me a little bit to get up and get dressed and go over to make Miss Ivy her breakfast and tea. It was Friday. And I was outta school for fall break. And I just knew we'd spend the day watching Star Trek together since she knew it was my favorite of all our shows.


I was humming the opening theme to Star Trek when I got to her door and knocked our secret knock per usual. Oh, isn't this just so sweet? This is so handsome. Sounds like a movie. Yeah, but there was no response. I tried again just in case it She was in the back of the house or in the bathroom. Nothing. I walked around the side of the house and noticed none of her lights were on for her. This was way weird. She was always awake by 6:00 AM and it was currently 7:15 AM I ran to the back of the house because I knew she always left the sliding back door unlocked for me. Or in case of an emergency, it was locked too. I knew something was off and flew home to wake up. My parents absolutely panicked and in tears. My mother told me I was being dramatic that Miss Ivy was old and just wanted to be left alone probably.


And my dad was babbling some nonsense about her. Finally wising up and hiding from the government. Oh, and For, you are just like panicking and you're just like, can you just help me find Miss Ivy, please? Yeah. Like don't tell me I'm being dramatic. Like this is a big deal. You're seven. So nineties though. So nineties. I'm so nineties. Like you're being dramatic. You're being dramatic. And you're like, no, this is everything to me. Yeah. So I'm not being dramatic. I'm just reacting to something that is very meaningful to me at seven. And don't tell your kids they're being dramatic because they will spend years talking about in a therapy. Okay. It's true. It's what I spent talking therapy about this morning. Yeah. When I insisted and refused to let my mother go back to sleep, my mother said she'd go over and try to knock as well. We tried and nothing, Ms. Ivy didn't have a phone, and no matter how much I insisted, my mother wouldn't let me call the police.


I just knew something was wrong. She made me go home and do chores to keep me distracted and out of her hair with a promise of pizza from Pizza Hut. The stuffed crust kind had just come out the year before OMG. That was really good. Oh, hell yeah. Well, pizza Hut, pizza We have an inside joke where we just go, you want a Pizza Hut pizza? You want Hu Pizza Hut Pizza. And really it just means, do you want a Pizza Hut pizza? There's really no subtext to that text. And now it's all your joke too. There you go. Well, lunch came and went, then dinner and then bedtime each time I tried to get her to answer the door, hope the back door was open, but no nothing. I cried myself to sleep that night thinking maybe it was me and my mom was right. Miss Ivy was fed up with me and she just wanted to be left alone.


Oh my God. My whole heart is breaking. I know. I was so upset. I only ate one small stuffed crest slice, and anyone knows that's a 7-year-old chunky monkey nose that isn't normal. I know. The next morning was my birthday. And I bounced out of bed thinking surely, even if Miss Ivy just needed a day to herself, she would answer the door today. Same thing. Absolutely nothing. And the back was still locked up tight. I 100% knew that something was wrong at this point because Hello, it's my birthday. She always gave me a birthday celebration outside of the ones with my family and friends since she never left the house and always made her fanciest of tea cakes. Aw that. And today was Swan's delivery day. So I waited for the delivery time at 10:00 AM since my party wasn't until 1:00 PM As soon as I saw the pale yellow truck coming down my street, I bolted out the front door and over to her house.


The driver, Scott smiled and waved. I told him what had happened the day before, and he too found it odd. He went to her front door and tried knocking as loud as he could, and then we both noticed it. The smell, oh, in case you forgot from before, it was day five of over a hundred degree weather. The smell was indescribable. But once you've smelled it, you never forget. Nor is there anything that ever compares to it. Death and a metallic sickening undertone, taboo boot. He didn't hesitate another second and ran to my house with me to call 9 1 1. We waited him holding me because I was sobbing while my mother was off finishing up things for the party. And who the hell knows where my dad was? Oh my God. You poor things I know. Shout out to Scott, the swan delivery driver. Yeah. It took the police about three minutes to get there, and after the backstory of the smell, the officers kicked in the front door.


Both the officer and Scott tried to shield my eyes, but it was too late. I saw it all. Oh no. And this is your birthday, your eighth birthday. It's literally her eighth birthday. Oh, this is where the trigger warning comes in. Ms. Ivy was in the middle of the kitchen, and all I could see was what appeared to be her eye and something that looked like a big white rock. It was her exposed skull. Oh my God. The officer questioned all the neighbors, including us, and a neighbor two houses down remembered seeing a red grand Prix sitting in front of her house and the wee hours of the fourth. That Friday, the neighbor was a psych triage nurse at the hospital in town. So like that's why they were up that early is she saw it when she was leaving for her shift. I told the officer I went over about 7:15 AM and there wasn't a car there.


The coroner determined that she had been killed. Between midnight and 2:00 AM Friday. The killer had locked up all the doors and windows, say for one, which he crawled his way out of and then closed from the outside. When I saw that window later that day, I felt like such an idiot. There was still some blood smudged on it. And I had just completely flown by it in my panic. Oh, you were only seven and I'm happy that you didn't see that. He also turned her AC down to 50, but it was an already old unit. It was hotter than Satan's nutsack. And the unit froze over and stopped working. It took about a month, but they found out who did it. Her youngest son, what the fuck? I never even knew she had children. They never checked on her and she never talked about them.


And that's when I found out about the real Miss Ivy. Miss Ivy was a retired er pediatric nurse of 45 years and had three children, two boys and a girl in the middle. She used to be married to a police officer. She met at the er, but he was extremely abusive and actually went to prison for a time. Oh, once he was out, he started looking for her again in order to protect her children and herself as her kids were now adults and living in different parts of the us. She moved from Virginia to Weatherford, Texas and changed her name. She cut off all contact with her children and didn't even have a phone. She remained unlisted in all the phone books, even with her new name, the night she was killed, and this is according to her youngest son, we'll call him Teddy's confession.


He went to her house. He never did disclose how he found her, but he did. Sadly, he said his father was just released from prison and they had started talking. Now, Teddy already hated his mother and blamed her for all the abuse that he endured as a child at his father's hands. I left that part out, but the father abused everybody in the family, which as a victim of domestic abuse, I do not understand his misguided rage. But I'm not victim blaming anyone. And. I cannot speak for how they deal with their own trauma. Any who He said his father and him had started a new relationship during which his father apologized and said it all happened because his mom was controlling and abusive to him, and it was really all her fault that he was the way he was to the kids. Oh, okay. It was her fault that he abused the children.


Yeah, totally. Yeah, that makes sense. Makes sense. So Teddy's rage and hatred deepened then Daddy of the Year suggested, Hey, why don't we track her down and kill her? What the fuck? I'm assuming she didn't take you or her sibling or your siblings off her life insurance policies and You know those are really hefty since she was an ER nurse for 45 years. Oh my God. Again, he refused to disclose how he found her, but that night he confronted her and she told him the exact opposite of everything his father had been feeding to him over the past two years. And that set him off. He said he just felt like he stepped outside of his body and watched as he bashed her head, head first on the kitchen counter. And then when she was on the floor, he continued to beat her with a cast iron.


My God. Oh my God. That I forgot to put away the night before. Oh, the worst part of it all was he would've only stood to inherit about 175,000. Split three ways between the siblings as Miss Ivy, the angel, she had always been donated over half her policy to the er pediatric ward at the local hospital. So all over, about $58,450. Wow. I know that was heavy. And it did change how I looked at the world for a long time. But as an adult, I see the silver lining in all of this. She succeeded in getting me out of an unwanted party with a terrifying clown. Her best birthday present yet, I think of her every time I watch our favorite shows, especially the new Picard series, or the newest one with Sir Patrick Stewart, or read a book by any one of our favorite authors and have tried to pass on the love.


She showed me a complete and total stranger. Not to mention, really weird kid to not just my children, but those all around me. Sorry for such a long one in the tangents. Tangent is my middle name. Keep it weird. Love Christie. Christie. I just thought Miss Ivy's story, holy like was so beautiful. I know. It was so sad. That was like, but they bomb so heavy. No, I'm obsessed with their bond. Right. Like, and I'm so glad that she got to have that kind of relationship with a child. Right. Without someone interfering Exactly. And turning it into something ugly. And it's like that fucking man to abuse her forever and abuse their kids and their kids and then to, and blame it on her. And blame it on her and convince one of the kids to kill her.


It's like I I so wonder how they found her. Yeah, because it, she had put every precaution. Yeah. You wonder. It makes me so mad. But I, that bond that they had was just like so sweet. Oh, that, oh, that just wrecked me. I know


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via tour.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 1515. 15, 15. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try. At Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 up front for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full terms. At Mint Mobile dot com.


Oh. So my tale is entitled Listener. Tales Guardian Angels and the Universe's repeated attempts to crush me. I almost couldn't say crush. Yeah. Sometimes my mouth doesn't want to do things. It's hard. You know. It's like, don't say that word. Yeah, but here we are. Don't say the word crush. It's hard. I like that you've just said all of it. It's hard. It's all hard. Every part of it. Yeah, it's true. Now it says Hey weirdos. I've been binging your podcast for a few months and I'm almost caught up, so I clearly love it. Thank you. You may be the best True Crime podcast I've found. Oh my. Oh my goodness. Every time a Listener Tales episode comes up, I remember that. I have a few stories that you might be interested in. Finally, I've managed to get some typed up.


I think I've narrowed it all down to three categories. Lightly supernatural, supernaturally, spooky and bad Mom, dumb criminals. This PDF contains the lightly supernatural flavor of story. And if nothing else, it may give some food for food for thought. I hope you enjoy, I don't know if I can say your name so I won't say you can. Okay, cool. Says it here. Hi there. You can use my name. You can use the name Nick. For me. I've encountered a fair bit of weird stuff. So If, you like this. Maybe I'll tell you about my brief run as a ghost hunter, or that time my boyfriend, my mother's boyfriend, fell through our ceiling while hiding from the cops. Please tell me both of those things. All of those things. For now, I have three stories of guardian angels and the universe's repeated attempts to crush me to death.


Literally, my first story takes place in the early nineties. I was seven or eight and was spending the evening at my grandmother's house. She had settled me in her office in front of the small TV while she was in the den. Just a few steps away. My memory of this incident is minimal. I was on the floor with the TV above me on a small cabinet. If I stood, the cabinet would've been shorter than I was, and the top of the television would've been just higher than my head. It was, as I mentioned, the early nineties. So the TV probably weighed almost as much as I did at that point. Absolutely, it did. I don't know what I was just ask Stu Mocker. Yeah. I don't know what I was watching because in my memory I'm fo I'm focused on sorting pennies. That's so cute. The rest comes from my grandmother who added that evening to her catalog of stories of the miraculous and told it many times over the next decade.


She heard some sort of noise and came to check on me. When she reached the door to the office, she saw me with my hands on the TV screen, holding it up and keeping it from crushing me. It had somehow tipped over and despite the cathode ray weight of it, I think that's a brand. I think it's like a brand of tv. Yeah. It's like an old tube tv. Oh man. I was keeping it balanced at a precarious angle with a single lower edge still on the stand. And this is at like seven years old? Yeah. According to my grandmother, the only way I could have caught and supported the TV was with the help of my guardian angel. Given some of the things that happened in the future, I can't entirely argue with her. The second story was several years later. I don't remember how precisely, precisely how old I was, but it was somewhere around 12 or 13.


I've always had trouble falling asleep. Even when I was young, I would just lie in bed sometimes for hours hoping exhaustion would finally drag me down. On this particular night, I was looking at the clouds painted on my ceiling. When I saw a figure at the edge of my vision, the door closest to me led to the powder room outside of my bathroom. And I could see through the door to the door from the powder room to the hall. Normally I could, at least now, the doorway leading to the hall was filled with a tall, skinny figure. My first thought was that it was my stepfather, like the figure. He was tall. He was as tall as the doorways skinny with curly brown hair. I looked, it wasn't him. This man had a younger face and wore a brown tweed suit. I had never seen that. This is scary.


He was a complete stranger to me, but I wasn't afraid. I only had a few seconds to take him in. Our eyes met and then he was simply gone. The doorway empty as if it always had been. I would be like, that's an intruder in my house. I'd be freaking out. I'd be fucking terrified. But just the fact that they weren't terrified. Yeah. Like I would Yeah. That's, that's terrifying that you weren't terrified. But have, I feel like in the old house, like the house we grew up in, did you ever, ever have experiences that you were like, I should be fucking terrified right now, but I'm not. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. It's like, it's a weird inexplainable feeling. Yeah. No, that's scary. Just the fact that he was like, it makes me think of an, it follows. Yeah. The one scene that gets me the most, I think that movie is very scary.


I think they do it really well. That movie's fucking terrifying. It's very scary and the, the ghosts are very scary. But the one scene in it follows that like really like makes my stomach churn for some weird reason is when she's walking in the bedroom and that absurdly tall man. Yeah. Just ducks under the doorway and just like follows right behind her for some, I don't know if it's like, he's so tall and the proximity to her how he's like, he's following right behind her and he just jets right into the room. It gets me even thinking about it right now. I have chills. Yeah, same. There's so many scenes in that movie though. My god. The two biggest scariest ones for me, like that one scares me, but not as much as the lady that pisses on the floor.


Oh my God. Yeah, because that's just terrific. That's, and then the man, I think he's like naked. Yeah. And he's standing on the roof. Yes. That one scary the shit up. He's just watching that. That premise is terrifying. It is. And it's such a good fucking movie. Yeah, it's well dones whole, the, the whole entire way they do it is like incredible. Yeah. Very unsettling. Go watch it. Go watch it. This isn't in an ad. I could see why that would remind you. Yeah. It just thinking about this really tall, skinny, skinny in a suit, in a brown tweed suit. Yeah. I hate it in the hallway. Just with curly hair looking at you. No. Nope. Nor I don't like it. So this says, my house had been built in the seventies and the land had likely just been pine forest before that.


So I came to the conclusion that he was unlikely to be a ghost. My guardian angel. Perhaps you, you're putting a lot of faith in this guardian angel business, because I would assume that's a ghost in, I'd feel like that's a ghost. That's a shadow figure. That's the thing. That's, that's my sleep paralysis demon. Like that's what that is. I wonder if it was like a, a thing of like hindsight now you look back. Yeah. Because in that moment I, I, I'm trying to like distinguish if like in that moment you felt like that was your guardian angel. Yeah, because I'm like, wow, that's impressive. It sounds more to me like it's hindsight shocking. All the events up to each other. Yeah. That makes sense. Finally, my long story. I tried to find one of the articles written about this to confirm the date, but because of how long ago it was, I wasn't able to track down a digital version of the information.


My cousin s is only a couple of years older than I am. She was the youngest of her siblings. And when her parents lived in the same small Georgia town where I grew up, she And, I were very close practically sisters. They moved away to California before I was a teenager. S came back to visit when she graduated from high school. Then decided to move back and attend the local community college. We started spending time together again, and while it wasn't a matter of picking up where we left off, it was still easy to regain that closeness. The final story happened on September 20th, 2000, if I'm not mistaken. If I am mistaken. Then it was September 22nd, 1999. I got up early for my grandmother to take me to see you at the poll event that day. See you at the poll is a Christian student worship and prayer meeting that occurs before school one day in September.


It takes place at the school flagpole and is legal. As long as it is, it is student initiated and led. It was a gray Wednesday. And I was feeling nauseated. I don't think I stayed through the entire event and had my grandmother take me home again while I was home in bed trying to recover as bought a car. I used little red Coop. I was feeling a little better that afternoon. So I agreed to go to church. S came to pick me up her boyfriend C in the passenger seat, their friend R in the backseat behind CI sat behind s That took me a second. RCSI was feeling sick again by the end of church. Oh, I'm sorry that you're feeling sick. I hate feeling nauseated. So I know you're not feeling sick in this moment. Hopefully, but it makes me think of feeling nauseated and I'm like, ugh.


And like not being at home too. Yeah, like, like having a car ride in between you and your bed. Yeah. You just wanna go home. So s took me home first. I remembered spending most of the long ride home with my face against the cold glass of the window trying to keep from throwing up. Oh, once home, I went inside into my room to decompress and stay near the bathroom. Normally s would've dropped me off last because we still tried to spend as much time as we could together. But that was how it had been in previous rides. When she was using my grandmother's car because I was sick, the order had changed. I was still awake when I heard my mother's panicked voice on the phone. I came out to see what was going on. S had been in an accident. She had gone to take our home after me. His family was one of the richest in town and his driveway was basically a private road.


It was also newly repaved and it had been raining that day. One tire of the car had slipped off the e high edge of the driveway and the s had overcorrected trying to get it back on. She drove off the other side then up a tree and the car fell backwards onto its roof. Isn't that fucking insane? Holy insane. In the backseat, R was conscious unharmed and able to get his seatbelt undone. He escaped the through the shattered back windshield and ran home to get helped. This was 2000. Remember, and even for rich kids, cell phones weren't much of a thing. Our town is still in the middle of nowhere and our's house was even further into nowhere. So even if he'd had one there probably wouldn't have been much service help came.


C had bro had a broken arm and some cuts from the glass. S was short, maybe five feet tall and that saved her life. Oh, I'm really glad to hear that. 'cause I was worried how this was turning out. Her seat was pulled far enough forward that when the roof had crushed, it also didn't, it didn't also crush her head. From what I was told, she was technically dead for a minute or two, but she made a full recovery and didn't suffer any long-term effects. Isn't that crazy? As for me, obviously I wasn't in the car and that's what saved my life. When the car came down, it landed directly on the part of the roof behind the driver. Had I been in the car, it would've been at my chest level. I I've actually visited the wreckage at the body shop before they took it off to be junked.


I was making sure none of us' stuff was left in it. The window where I had been resting my head minutes before the accident had been replaced by the metal of the roof line. Isn't that, if, if they had been in in that car, they would be dead. I have something watching out for me. Something that lends me strength, that watches out for me when the monsters are coming from inside the house and something that triggers my instinct to stay home when I need to stay safe. Guardian angel, guardian spirit, whatever you wanna call it. I've seen the effects and maybe even seeing the being itself. So keep it weird, but don't keep it so weird that you ignore a little gut feeling sent to keep you safe. I love a literal gut feeling. A literal gut feeling of, of making me sick. That last paragraph though of like, whenever you believe guardian angel, guardian spirit.


I've seen the effects right now. I I can see why you were so easily thinking that, that that skinny man, skinny man was a guardian angel. 'cause before I was like, that's a ghost. But now I'm like, maybe that's what a cool guardian angel. Sometimes I wonder just a tall man in a tweed suit, right. Sometimes I wonder if the, the kid that I saw at Mom Papa's is mine. Oh, yeah. I've always wondered that, that little doy. I like that because I feel like people, like, I don't know if I would call it like a guardian angel or like a spirit guide. I think I would more call it a spirit guide. Like, I feel like people get a set of spirit guides. Yeah. That's just like my personal belief. I like that. Yeah. I like that idea. Yeah. I'm down to think that Right.


To, to at least consider that. Have you ever seen a full fledged, ghost seen one? I can't. I don't know because I Do you doubt yourself would sleep paralysis? Oh, I, I don't know if I've seen something or if it's been sleep paralysis. And that's the only, I definitely seen things out of the corner of my eye. Yeah. And I've felt things, And I feel like I've maybe seen something. Not fully though. Okay. Like, not like looking directly at it at the thing. Yeah. And if I have, then I assume it's sleep paralysis. The only time I ever saw like full fledged beings was one The fucking Viking people messing with your computer. Viking And I.


Stand by that story today. I can still see them. I mean, I'm pretty sure there's Viking blood in our ancestry somewhere. So. And your computer was broken. Maybe it's our ancestors coming back to be like, maybe And then that fucking kid in, in the room. Yeah. Little news boy. That old timey newspaper boy looking kid. A little Peaky Blinders little dude. Yeah. I like that. And I can still see him like And I. How old I want you draw him was four or five maybe. Yeah. You were young. I could draw him. Probably. I mean, not Well, you should draw him. But Yeah, I could. I could. I could. Maybe I fucking will. Maybe I might. But yeah, I don't know. I, I want to And I feel like the reason I was able to see those like beings or whatever they are full bodied was because I was so young.


Yeah. And you don't have the, like, you're much more open to everything. Yeah. You're not closed off. But I feel open still And, I wanna see something good. I mean, maybe that's why my youngest saw skeletal, probably. I love skeletal and the girls, the older girls Yeah. That saw the, they saw terrifying people. Icici very terrifying one. But I don't, I think maybe it's, it's a kid thing, but I'm so not ready to like, have kids someday and have them see some shit and have to be the one responsible. So like, it's an experience. Yeah. That's scary. You really, you really learn about yourself in that moment. Right. And learn about you and your partner in that moment. You're both gonna, oh, drew will be across the continent. Just, Nope. You know. Bye. When the scissors thing, John literally looked at me and he was like, tag you're in.


Like, he was just like, I know what to do with this. Honestly. I'll take the super I I'll take the supernatural shit and I'll take throw up. Yeah. Those two things I can handle. Hey, good. I'm, I will take one out of the two of those. Yeah. I mean, I'll take two out of the two of those. 'cause you gotta, yeah. It's just, that's the way it be. But I don't like to take one of those things. Yeah. I don't, I'm not like hoping to. Yeah. But you just end up having to do it. Yeah. It's just the way it is. Talking about kids. Kids man. Kids man. Well, kids have moms sometimes. Wow. That was a really good one though. It was so good. That was Betty. Interesting. Yeah. I totally think you saw your guardian angel. Nick. Sorry, was gonna, I didn't wanna call you the wrong name. What'd you say? I was like, Nick, sorry, I didn't wanna call you the wrong name, Nick.


I was like TS No, you were Nick. Thank you Nick. ECI was gonna transition by saying kids have moms sometimes. And this next one is called My mom Used Your, my mom used your podcast to haunt me. I'm intrigued. And I said, what? What? And then this one had such a beautiful surprise at the end of it that I quite literally almost cried. I love that. Okay. Hey, you spooky wonderful. Ladies. My name is Bunny. Yes. You can say it. Hell, you can scream it from the rooftops bunny. I love it. Love that name. I love that name too. And just a side note, I have been listening to Bunny's podcast. Yeah. Dumb blonde. If you're not listening to Dumb Blonde, you're dumb. She has some fascinating people on fascinating guests.


Yeah. I have been flying through episodes. Yeah. She had like all the mob wives on, she had Alana Pumpkin and Honey Boo Boo on she. Yeah. Like that was, she gets guests that are right up my alley. Alley. She had Bam Marra on. Yeah. She had Bram on recently. And I was like, whoa. jw. She gets like really good guests. It, and it's just like an, it's an interesting conversation when she had, like, she really knows how to have a conversation. And with anyone, it doesn't feel like a, because it's, it's not like a formal interview, but it's very much an interview. Yeah, but it doesn't feel interviewee. No. It feels like she's just having a conversation. Yeah. She seems very down to earth. And I really like her. She does. Yeah. So go listen to Dump Blonde.


The robots have gotten pretty good at what they do, but they can pour passion into what they make or give them a human touch. On Etsy. You can find something handmade, handpicked, or designed by independent sellers who pull from their unique experiences and bring their whole hearts to their small shops. Shops that prove that when you do what you love, you can help others find things that bring more joy to their lives. Discover hand-blown glassware, reclaimed furniture, personalized jewelry, handpicked vintage pieces, custom designed artwork and so much more. The fingerprints, Etsy sellers leave behind reveal who they are. Human beings determined to make human connections. So the next time you're shopping for yourself or someone special, choose extraordinary items. Handmade, handpicked, or designed by small businesses. Keep commerce human. Discover small businesses on Etsy.


All right, well, this bunny though says maybe I'll be able to hear you since I also hail from the great Massa Chache. Massa Chache. I like that. I love that. Of course. I need to start this off with the obligatory fan girl gushing. I found your podcast when you were 12 leagues under 12 Leagues under the Sea. An OG baby. Hell yeah. And it has been so incredibly endearing to see you both grow and prosper in this life. Aw, Elena, you've written a whole damn book. Thank you. I'm so excited for book two. Thanks. Plug. Where you can deal it. Deal it. Plug where you can buy it. Oh, you can buy it. Go to the butcher game.com and you can get all the the links to get it anywhere. It's like everywhere. Target, Walmart, Amazon Pre-Order it.


Barnes and Noble book, little indie bookstores. Go. Go get it. We're getting so much closer to September. And you don't wanna be caught in September without the butcher game because maybe you'll get it like a day early. Sometimes that happens when you pre-order. I can't guarantee it, but I'm just saying like sometimes that happens. And that's fun, which is always a fun surprise. And either way you'll get it on the day. Exactly. So do it. She's Yeah, do it. She said, you've also dealt with great loss, but you are prospering and absolutely fucking killing it. Aw. Thank you very much. Ash. You, you beautiful spooky gal. You found your forever person and you, by the time you read this got married, you're a whole damn wifey for Lifey now. Wifey for Lifey. Thank you. You both are so incredibly inspiring and talent and talented. I will always tell people to go and listen to Morbid.


Aw, thank you. Thank you so much. Now this might be a long tail, but I hope you find it to be a fun ride. I attached a double space, 14 point Podifah for your viewing pleasure. I do apologize for any grammar or spelling mistakes. My brain works faster than my fingers. No need to apologize. Not at all. My mother, Denise, you can Absolute. Absolutely No. Hello, hello, hello. You can also use her name. She absolutely would've loved it. Unexpectedly died at the end of January in 2023. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, bunny. It truly destroyed my entire world. I was a new mom at the time, having had my daughter six months before in August, and my dog Gaia passed away three months before. Oh geez. If a dog was a soulmate, he She was mine.


Aw. That And I feel like dogs can be soulmates. Oh, 100%. My mom, And I were like oil and water when I was a teenager. But as adults, we grew so close together. She was my best friend. She was so incredibly motivated to better herself and her life. She was so excited for life again. She had truly found her spark. So it hit my, it truly hit my family hard. Oh, that's awful. Let's go back. A couple years ago, I showed my mom your podcast and she was enthralled. Oh, my mom loved all things true crime, spooky shit, and loved a cult story. We were listening to your Bridgewater Triangle episode. Oh, that sounds so fun. Right? Seeing I live in, is it the Copa Cut? I? think so. Yeah. So yeah, seeing I live in the Copa cut woods, which is part of it. And that's how she ended up listening to every episode she had untreated A DHD.


And you were her hyper fixation. She even wrote in Once. Oh my God. Which We have, oh, yay. I found, well, I didn't even find it. You included it. So thank you Bunny. Awesome. But on this particular summer day, we were painting her apartment and we were listening to the Richard Ramirez episode. She physically gagged every time his stench or how gross of a human, human being he had been was mentioned. Oh, I didn't know. My mom had the weak constitution of a Victorian dandy. Of a Victorian dandy. That was an amazing way. Wow. I love it. I know so many people that have the constitution of a Victorian dandy. Me too. So many people. Lots and lots of people that we interact with a lot on a daily basis.


Yeah. That have the constitution of a Victorian dandy. Yeah. Fucking Victorian dandy. All right. But anyway, anyway. I couldn't stop laughing at her. I love that. It was honestly the weirdest, happiest memory I shared with her. Aw, now we will go back to January, 2023 and it's the dreadful day. I need to go through her apartment and all her little personal things, the things that made it real. I walked into her apartment, which no one was in besides me. And I, hear your podcast playing through her portable speaker. But the thing is, her phone was in my house about five miles away. What? And my phone was off. So nothing could be connected to that speaker. I listen closely and it's the same episode that was playing the day we were painting that room. I am chilling all over my entire body right now.


I got the warmth. It's like Right. I was absolutely stunned. But my mama definitely had a flare for the dramatic, so why wouldn't she choose that one? That's amazing. A few nights later, my husband was at work, And I was sitting on the couch with my daughter in the living room. And across the room is my daughter's nursery. Side note about my house is my husband is a bougie bitch and needs to have the fancy Alexa controlled light bulbs in every room. Oh, John wants to do that so bad. You should. Those are cool. Yeah, they're fun. My daughter, And I, were watching some movie. Really? At six months old. She wasn't watching just me. The lights in her room start flashing on and off for about 10 times in that moment. Found out my fight or flight responses to freeze. Oh, you too. That's mine. Yeah, that's, I just go and then I stay in place.


I would be the first to die in horror movie I know. I know me too too. Me too. Well, we'll die together girl. But I nervously ask out loud, mom, if that's you, please stop. You're scaring me. Aw. And it stops immediately because that's your mama. And she's like, I'm not trying to scare you. I was just saying, I'm sorry. Occasional, occasionally my daughter's motion activated toys would go off. But that did come to an end one night when I was in bed before my husband And. I got the biggest wave of warmth and her signature perfume filled my nose. I remember muttering. I love you mama. Goodnight. Okay. That just like made me choke down. Yeah, a sob. Yeah. There's tears in Elena's eyes right now. Damn. And I drifted off into dreams of Starlight. It's been quiet for a few months now.


But here and there, I'll get little hints of her saying hi. And they're always welcome. A side note, the night my mom passed, I went to bed. I don't know how long I laid there, but I remember feeling the cold, wet boop of a dog nose on my face, the boop of a dog nose and a little nudge the same way Gaia would always wake me up in the morning. I think my girl knew how much I needed her in that moment. Thank you. Lovely ladies for reading. My tale attached was the email my mom had written. I found when I had to go through her things, I'm not really good at goodbyes, so I'll just say, see you later. But now We have, I'm obsessed with this. Her mom's listener tail, which is Denise's listener tail Denise. So Denise says, let me start out by saying, you ladies are wicked awesome. You are wicked awesome.


Denise I. know the stories you tell, the cases you cover are dark and fascinating. I was binge listening to Listener Tales while cleaning my apartment and reorganizing when one of the stories hit me hard. And I realized I'm not alone in my situation. Let me explain. I was adopted when I was four. My adoptive parents weren't any better than the abusive alcoholic egg donor that gave me up. Oh, that's awful. The apartment we lived in at the time of the adoption was on the third floor of a three family home with a huge backyard and a massive tree in the back. I had recurring nightmares of being kidnapped by a massive vulture and not having a voice to scream for help. Oh, fast forward to 1989. I was 17 working as a cashier and enjoying life, hanging out with my friends, being single, basically carefree.


This is around the time I met my first serious boyfriend. We were dating for a bit. When we decided to move in together, I was in charge of finding our apartment. So I set out to look into, I set out to look. And in my journey, I walked down the street where my first home was. I wanted to see the house and see if it still gave me the heebie-jeebies. I got no vibes from the house and chalked it up to overactive imagination in my childhood. I turned around and found an apartment for rent sign on the house directly across the street from my childhood home. Whoa. Long story short, we took the apartment. A few months later, my adoptive father passed away. The same night he came to visit me. I was asleep in my bed next to my boyfriend sleeping. When I heard him calling me, he wasn't quiet about it either.


He made sure I heard him and woke up. He was yelling that I did this to him. I made him suffer. I was supposed to never tell anyone what he did. Oh, I tried waking up the boyfriend, but he wouldn't wake up. My quote unquote father told me he wouldn't be able to help me. So don't bother trying to wake him up. Wow. I told this piece of shit. Get outta my house. And the fight ended. I was pissed and yes scared because what the fuck was he doing in my house at 2:00 AM the next day after work, I met my cousin Michael at the mall. Like usual. 'cause that's what 17 year olds did back then. And he told me he was sorry about my father. I asked him what he was talking about, and he told me at six 30 the previous night, he had a massive heart attack and died. What the fuck? So when she had that experience, she didn't, she thought that her dad was actually that he was just came into her house and was yelling at her.


Not that he was dead. What the fuck? I sat there for a bit and replayed the previous night over in my head and oh my God. It hit me like a brick to the chest. It was his spirit. I told my cousin about my experience and he got chills. I have full chills. I do too. We sat and talked about the situation and how much my quote unquote father hated me for outing his dark secret. And yes, it almost ruined his life. So he wasn't gonna go to hell without letting me know first. Wow. Isn't that just like fucking haunting? Holy shit. Flash forward to 2006. My husband, And I, were living in a tiny town, 20 minute drive away from his mom and stepfather. My mother-in-Law was in very poor health for a very long time. So we would go visit her often.


She took a liking to me because I made her favorite child happy. She would call us on our birthdays at 1201 and sing Happy Birthday to us over the phone. She was a great woman who loved hummingbirds and lilacs. Aw I know. She sounds so sweet. And I'm glad you had that experience with your husband's parents. I know, up in the mountains of upstate New York, when trees knock out the power, it could take days before you get it back. So you better have a generator. My mother-in-law did. It would kick on automatically when they lost power, which happened a lot. She was on oxygen and the machine wouldn't work without power. Oh, that's so scary. I know, one night a wicked bad storm came through and unfortunately the generator did not kick on. And my mother-in-law passed away. Oh. We got a call the next morning from my father-in-Law that something was wrong with mom and we needed to come quick.


After we got there, we checked for a pulse and called 9 1 1. They investigated and sent us home. I fell asleep on the couch that night and started smelling lilac. Oh. And that's such a distinct scent. It is. Half in and half out of sleep. My mother-in-law leaned over the couch and told me, make sure you take care of my baby. Oh, I told her I would, opened my eyes and she was gone. Fast forward to 2013, I moved to Massachusetts and took a job bartending my career of choice for close to 25 years. Hell yeah. Denise in a private club that was said to be haunted, which I'm like, I wanna know what club this is. What club is this? You've gotta tell me funny. Right back to us. Funny. Tell us. During my job interview, that was actually a question they asked if I was afraid of ghosts. Oh my God. I told them, I don't bother them.


They don't bother me. I was told the ghost was a previous owner from way long ago when the now private club was a brothel. Cool. Huh? Ooh. I love those kind of tales the best of times long ago. I do too. So the backstory is, and this is a fucking awesome backstory. It's crazy, but it's like, whoa. The backstory is the brothel owner, EDA caught her husband with one of the working girls and killed him by running him over. Whoa. And now she's stuck there. Whoa. edta. Now, every time I started to shift, I would say Good morning, edta. And my boss, my girl thought I was nuts, but it kept her happy. 'cause she never bothered me. She did bother others. Yeah. See you were just like, no judgment edta. I'm, I'm just, Hey girl, I'm just coming to work.


Good morning. Once the guys at the bar were talking shit about EDA and the bottle shook on the shelves. I quickly told them, stop. They were pissing her off. Hell yeah. I had only been in Massachusetts for a few weeks and was staying with family. I was again half asleep on the couch. When I felt someone in the kitchen watching me, I thought it was one of the family members getting a drink. So I looked in and saw a shadow move away. It kept happening. So I got pissed and said to whomever it was either say something or go away. Well ladies, this older man in a gray suit and a fedora sat on a coffee table in front of me and said, you'll be fine. You're going to go through things. You don't think you're survive, you'll survive. But I promise you, you will. Whoa. I asked him before he left who he was, and he said to call him Fredo.


I chalked it up to a dream. Until the next night, one of the female patrons, patrons was very into spiritualism and asked me if Fred or Al meant anything to me. I said, no. But she just stared at me and asked if I believed in spirits. I told her, but of course, why do you ask? But of course she proceeded to tell me that I have one that follows me and protects me. That's why she asked about Fred or Al. I said, Alfredo Fredo For sure, for short. And she said, that makes sense. Wow. So I told her about that night before and she wasn't shocked. Holy shit. And that's not like a regular name. No. At all. You don't hear that all the time. Exactly. Fast forward again to August, 2021. My boyfriend Ernie passed away. Suddenly And I was heartbroken.


I tried to give him CPR, but he was already gone. Oh man. The night he passed, he had gone through stuff. I know you guys have gone through a lot. The night he passed, I wouldn't come into my apartment until the next morning. I spent the next day taking care of things, making calls. And because he was so loved, everyone was stopping by and checking on me. I finally went to bed around 10 30. I had my phone next to me, like always. And before I fell asleep, his text message tone unique to Ernie, only went off. I smiled and said, goodnight, baby. That was his way of letting me know he was here. Now it's January and I'm slowly moving ahead with life. I got really good news from my daughter and came home and told him this wonderful news. I have his ashes. Aw. That night I felt the bed sink in next to me.


And at first I was freaked the fuck out. I was frozen in fear. And I asked no to nobody in particular. What the fuck are you doing? And then I realized who it was. It was Ernie. He was a big dude. He was 2 75 when he died. Aw. Told me congratulations. And he was there 'cause he missed sleeping with me. Aw. I was a bit rude and reminded him that he was dead. But I didn't want him to go, Hey, you're dead. Hey, excuse me, you're dead. I tried waking up a few times, but I was having such great dreams about him with my daughter and me spending time together and laughing and joking. He passed before my daughter's wedding, which was in October. And he had been all jazzed about doing the low dance from Flo. God, he even practiced at work and got caught by his friend. Stop. I love that. I'm obsessed.


So needless to say, I know he's still here. And when I least expect it or don't know, I I need him. He'll show up. So ladies, this is why I am haunted. I don't mind it anymore. And take it as it comes. Feel free to shorten this up. If, you decide to use it. No way. No. I'll continue to listen to your podcast because you guys keep me in stitches. Oh, I owe Finding your podcast to my daughter, who also loves The Listener Hills as much as I do. Thanks again ladies. Thanks ladies. Again. Keep up the great work and keep it weird. Denise. Denise. I felt like that one was so special. Oh, that was like so special. Yeah. And thank you Bunny for sending both of those in. Oh, bunny, that was great. And like as soon as I I, that one caught my attention.


Yeah. Because like my mom used your podcast to haunt me. I was like, what? Yeah, it's like what now? And then when I read through Bunny's, I was like, oh my God, that's such a fun story. And then to find Denise's at the bottom. Yeah, that's, that's something else that's special. Like we've never had a tail like that. And Bunny, I love that Bunny had Denise who sounds like such a hot shit and such a cool mom. And then also Ernie. Yeah. It sounds like you were close to Ernie and like I'm sorry that they're both not here anymore. I know. But I'm really glad that you had that even. I'm glad you had that. And it sounds like even though they're not here, here, they're here, they're here here. You know, like I feel like Ernie and your mom will come through more and more and reading that now, like the mom Denise's listener tale.


I'm like, oh that's definitely Denise doing all that stuff. 'cause I'm like, she's like, oh, I get to do it now. Like, let's go like You know. Oh Denise, how special is that Denise and Bunny? That was, that was a great one, right? Like that was a really great one. That was a find. I loved that. And I. Love that you both love. Listener Tales I know. Thank you. We would do more if we could. So the last one that I'll read is called Listener Tale. My deceased grandma's like, hi, I am still here, dummy. Hey Ash and Elena. My name is Melin and first of all, love your podcast. My sister. I wanna make sure Corin, oh that's like a cool way of spelling that.


It is K-O-R-I-N. I like that right Intro. Yeah. That's really cool. Introduce me. And we've always loved all things spooky, ghostly murdery in our Halloween obsessed. I quit my corporate job in 2021 to pursue my artistic plant passions. So I to you guys constantly while running all things for Resting Plant face love. What a great name for a company. That's amazing. Thank you for keeping me abreast of all things. Spooky. Spooky and feeding my true crime ghostly fix each week. All right, now here's the PAH attached with stories of Grandma Josephine and the pictures of Grandma Josephine. That is be, oh Grandma Josephine, a queen, a literal queen. And look at the wedding picture.


I'm pretty, I like, I'm obsessed with this. All these pictures are amazing. Is this you? I love Melin. You are all amazing. Oh yeah. Melin is obsessed with Halloween and these are all her Halloween costume ma limbs top notch. The prince one top motherfucking notch. The elf of the shelf is both amazing and horrifying in the mess all at once. The like I, you really killed it. These are incredible. All right, let's begin. A little background. Since I was a wee little girl, I've been very sensitive to the paranormal runs in the family. But as a child I didn't really talk about it. Cut to now I realized I'm an intuitive dreamer and have dreams with messages from the dead or I'm helping the dead and dreams with premonitions and a whole lot of other crazy shit.


I'm working now to accept and expand my gifts as I'm no longer afraid. We Isn't that cool? I love that. Okay, here's the goods. My grandmother passed away suddenly in her sleep at the age of 67 on May 15th, 1992 when I was five. Although I was young, I'd cry for her often when I felt alone. Sad, scared, which unfortunately was a lot when I was a kid. Oh, that like breaks my heart to hear that I know. But yay therapy for working through that. I just felt so connected to her even though she was only in my life a short time. I was also so afraid of the dark, would always cover my mirror before bed and had unexplainable experiences, but also super afraid slash intrigued with the paranormal.


Just a normal weirdo kid skipped to college me. 2005 to 2009, I found myself in a physically and emotionally abusive relationship. I'm sorry, I know me too. During the super dark period, I would see a ton of red cardinals, like a shit ton from flying past my windshield while I was driving one, physically hitting my rear view mirror while I sat in a parked car. Wood cutouts of them randomly like they were everywhere. It became a family joke because I would see them that often. However, at the time I didn't understand the significance. And red cardinals are super symbolic. Yeah, they're Aren't they supposed to be like it's a loved one. Yeah. In 2009 I was about to graduate college and was still in this horribly abusive relationship among other things.


He would tear me down about the fact that I was in college. He'd always say, I'd always be in debt. Suck a dick bag. I paid my school loans off four years, years ago. Ooh, fuck yeah, you did Melin. Hell yeah. And. I was wasting my time in school. So you could imagine the joy of graduation was gone. And I was just mostly beat down about it. That's awful. It sucks because when you're in that obviously, like you're of course like soaking in what they're saying. Yeah. And like it hurts. But people like that say shit like that to successful people because they're upset that they didn't do shit with their life and that they're not successful. 100%. They're threatened and they want to see it affect you because If, you don't you to succeed. Yeah. And they want, they, it makes them feel bigger, like they achieved something because they'll never achieve anything of importance or significance.


So they have to by making you sad or feel less than. So fuck you Dick Bagg. Yeah, fuck you Dick Bagg, we hate you. It was the week before graduation on Mother's Day weekend. At the time, my family had this tradition where we'd go to my grandmother's grave on Mother's Day weekend to say hi and just talk to her. She passed away around Mother's Day and my mom did not get to see her before she passed suddenly. So going around this time was super important for my mom. That day in my head, I told grandma at her grave, I wish she was here to see me graduate. And if she could send me a sign to let me know she was watching over me. Boy did she ever, the day before my graduation, there was a religious ceremony at the university. At the time I was in the thick of organized religion.


Ick. That's, I did not say that. Just the, I was written the name. That's her personal feelings. Nothing out of the ordinary happened. And the day and the next day, to my knowledge, I graduated and had a lunch to celebrate. I was so emotional that day. Self-Worth was low. And, I. Remember just feeling so down that night, even though I had just accomplished this great thing. Later that night, my mom calls me and says, Hey, so I didn't want to make you sad earlier, but did you recognize the Bible verse on the program from the baccalaureate ceremony? I had no idea what she was referring to. She says, the program had the verse from your grandmother's tombstone on it and today is the anniversary of her death. May 15th. The verse was from, was one from Isaiah.


I have called you by name. You are mine. I immediately started to cry and told my mom, I had asked grandma to give me a sign. She was still here with me while at her grave, this was my sign. And I almost missed it, of holy shit, of all the Bible verses in the entire world. Like what? And like, just like the, even the words in that one, like, I've called you by my name. You are mine. And the fact that's, that's the thing. And the fact of all of them in the world, the one that's on her tombstone, right. Come and on the day that she passed away on the anniversary of her death. Like you can't just let that go. Yeah. I a lot of times I just feel like there's no such thing as coincidence. No, definitely not. Like that cut to present day. And grandma still gives me signs when I need them.


Sorry, I had a hiccup. The last one was when I decided to quit my professional dance career. It was just doing a standard cry in the shower about it. The lights flickered while I was ugly crying in the shower. And for some reason I was like, hi grandma. But also freaked out because I was home alone. The next day I am on Google Maps trying to find out halfway location point to interview someone for a job on my team. At the time my grandparents' house happened to be in the city. That was the, in-between point between Dallas and Fort Worth where we were to meet. I plopped the little yellow guy on the map in a random spot to see if I could find a coffee shop. To my surprise, the street view was in the middle of the cemetery where my grandmother is buried. No, come on, come on.


I had to call my mom to confirm the name of the cemetery. And it was, it was just another sign that she was here with me while I was going through a tough time. That's bonkers. Isn't that crazy? I've all of those things, like together, I've since talked to a medium and she told me my grandma is one of my spirit guides. The medium gave me a specific situation that I had alone in my bedroom where I was watching this emotional ass music video where a woman had dementia and was lump in throat crying. She said my grandma was there and that I shouldn't worry about that. Like this was a private moment alone. I had not talked about it. The medium said it was a way to prove my grandma is always with me. The medium also told me that birds were another way.


She was showing up hem cardinals. I'm sure she was like, get outta that relationship, idiot. Lastly, the medium also told me, my grandma says that I shouldn't smoke the devil's lettuce. Eye roll. I love that. She's like guiding you through all these hard times and showing up when she needs. And she's also like, stop smoking weed Malin. Put down the weed. Come on Melin. That's you Do's the devil's lettuce. What you And I. Love that. Everything else you're like, oh my god, grandma. Of course. And then that one you're like, eye roll. Okay Grandma. All right. Any who? So much comfort knowing grandma has always been with me, working through these difficult times. That must feel very comforting. Yeah, actually. Absolutely. I also wanna point out that If, you do want to connect with loved ones that have passed.


You just have to ask and pay attention to the signs. I love that. Yep. I'll write back someday to tell you some other spooky tales. I've had the little dead girl saying hi. Or the time I lived in a haunted house. Guys, you gotta send these. You can. I want these. You guys can send them all in one pod photo. Yeah. If, you feel like it If you. If it's not overwhelming to write all of that at once, we're for it. Yeah. I'm attaching a few things. Pick a beautiful grandmother Josephine. She is gorgeous. A queen and she just looks like a hot shit. She looks like a hot shit. Yeah, she slayed. Yeah. Her gravestone with the verse and my program with the same verse. And some of my past Halloween costumes because I go all the way out. Love y'all. Malin Malin.


I love all these. These pictures of Grandma Josephine are look like they're the most classic like forties. Yes. Pin upy beautiful gal. And she's just smiling and all of them like so happy. The wedding picture in particular. Yeah. She just looks so happy. I love it. I love it. And, I'm pretty sure your grandpa has, or like whoever she married is winking in that picture. Yeah. And. I was gonna say is winking in the picture picture. I love it. And when I tell you guys that Melin does Halloween correctly, oh my god. Melin does Halloween correctly. Mailin parties for Halloween. She goes all the way off. Truly. I love it. All the way off. Love, love, love. Wow. Great. These were these Listener Tales so much.


They were all like symbolic. Hand picked these. I did. I love a guardian angel sign. She loved it. I had a moment yesterday I texted. Oh yeah, you, I was like stressed out about everything in life and that we're always stressed out about that we're constantly stressed out about, yeah. Yep. And also my armpit was swollen, so that was scary. But it turns out that I just have an infected hair follicle and that's super cute. Yum. But I was like, oh no. What does this mean? And? I was leaving Elena's house. And I collide. I don't know If. you heard me scream. No, I didn't. I collided with the largest dragonfly I have ever seen. I saw that dragonfly after you left. It was, it hung around. Okay.


And the dogs were trying to eat it outta the air. I'm glad they didn't. They didn't. Because I think I knew that dragonfly, And I. Like, I'm not kidding. I collided with it. Like it like skidded across my fingers. Yeah. It was no joke. Like it, I feel like it was trying to get my attention. Yeah. And I just said to like somebody that has passed away in my life. Like, Hey, if that was you, like I love you. Like thank you And. I was like in my head kind of doubting myself. Like who knows if that person that I love is like representing themselves by colliding into me as dragonfly sounds. Sounds a little crazy when you word it like that. And then I'm pulling out of the street. And I, pull behind a car with the license plate. 8, 8, 8. Which is like an angel number. Yeah. So Hello. Hello. And. I. Just I, I felt comforted. And it was, it was during a moment where you needed to be comforted and during a moment where that particular person like knew would have the situation and like knew how much I hate doing certain things.


And Yeah. You know being wrapped up with certain things, things. And they were always there for me through that. See I love that. Yeah, exactly. And. I. Believe I. I think that too. I think it was that person. I was And. I. I just like immediate. 'cause that's the thing. Like I immediately was like, all right, I'm good. And it was where'd that go? And it was such an inexplicable feeling of just like, 'cause I was so stressed. Yeah. And then it was just like boom. Yeah. And that's when You know like something has shifted. Yeah. Yeah. And it was funny 'cause I got home and Drew was like, I was actually thinking of that person today. Like that's funny. Oh, that's so funny. Yeah. I love that. So I totally believe in all that stuff. And I, fucking love it. And they were just beautiful tales. They were gorgeous tales. I loved all of them. You all do such a great job with these.


We really do. And we really love doing them. Them keep sending them in. Yeah. We fucking love you so much. You're honestly the best. You're the best part of this job. That's why we love Listener Tales so much. 'cause it's about you guys. Yeah. And we get to read your stories and learn more about you. It's so fantastic. We just dig you. Thanks for being there. Yeah. You make this worth it. You literally make it worth it. So thank you for doing that. And we hope you keep listening and we hope you keep it weird, but not so weird that you don't keep sending in your Listener Tales because we love them. We love, Love, love, love, Love. Because we're so emotional.


If. you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


There are lots of people you might wanna share a VRBO with, but the host isn't one of them. When you book a vrbo, the host doesn't stay with you. So the only people you'll share the space with are your people. vrbo, private vacation rentals, relax. You booked a VRBO.