
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Morbid early and ad free. Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts


You are listening to a Morbid Network podcast.


Hey Weirdos. I'm Ash. And I'm Elena. I'm Spencer. And I'm Madison. And this is a Morbid slash Gossip BRIDLE crossover. I love your, you say it. Yeah. We've Never heard it out loud. It's so exciting. Spencer and Madison are launching a new show, fellas. And you're hearing about it here first. Gossip's BRIDLE. It's so excited. It's so good. I love it. So good. You guys are going to eat it Up. Yeah, we just got to listen to the first episode and I am dying. I listened to it sitting here and I really wanna listen to it like in my car driving around 'cause that's my best podcast listening. Oh yeah. I need to give it the, the real royal treatment. Give it the old one too. Yeah, well there's a lot of music and so I feel like it's like a fun one to drive to. No, It is. I love the Soundscaping. Yeah. Though honestly there's not enough podcasts in my humble opinion that have that like fun soundscaping aspect to it because it, it brings you right back. Like you, these are like old timey fun. There's like ragtime music. It brings you back to old Hollywood. You have some like little sound effects. And I loved, there was, there's one part I won't give away too much, but there's one part where your voice kind of goes into like old radio voice. I love that part and I Love it so much. I got so excited when I Heard it. It like fades out. It's so cool. I feel like we really wanted to just give this more of a cinematic feel. I mean, Madison and love old Hollywood so much. It's all just stuff. We're so excited to talk about the music and the soundscaping. For me, it feels like you're listening to a movie or Yes. TV show or something. Yeah, It really does. We definitely wanted it to feel that way. And I mean Spencer has cult leader and then together we have obituary. And although this is different, I feel like we still tie in a ton of things. We tie in a ton of obviously Gossip some crime. We're so excited about it. No, it's like the perfect meld of both of you because you're like quintessential old Hollywood babes. I love it. Yeah, it's True. That's the best compliment. You really are. And this felt like a natural progression from cult leader obituary. Like this is, it just like works. Yeah, It makes sense. Yeah. I, I feel like it's something that when we started toying around with the idea of it we're like, oh, it makes sense. And the name also comes from the name of like a medieval torture device. then wasn placed on like a BRIDLE then wasn placed on women's heads for gossiping. And with the first time we ever heard about those on obituary, when we were covering them, we were laughing because we're like, we would've fully ended up in then wasn. We Were just saying nothing. We would all be there like, damn, I'd be screwed. They'd be parading me around Town. Well they made a double one. Yeah. And so you'd have to be there like with your partner in crime With your probing Gossip Gossip. And we fully would've stop it, been marched around town and made a full love and probably not learned our lesson. Oh, absolutely Not just every week, every Friday you guys are just like, Hey, it's us again out here in the town square. Maybe then Wasn like it bell, we've done it again. I'll try again. So what did make you guys come up with the idea? Like were you sitting around talking about Gossip sp BRIDLE? How, how did this happen? I think then wasn actually Heda Hopper that we talked about first before even thinking of like, what are we gonna call this? Heda Hopper is who the first episode focuses on. And there's kind of tie-ins to her later in the first season. But we both had read her book and we both were just kind of obsessed with her because she was, you know, this infamous Gossip of such an


important era to us. And she made cameos on I Love Lucy. So it's like we'd seen her around and I feel like, well we didn't see her around in person. She died in the sixties. But I'm Like, not that You did your former films. Saw her run down. We knew we wanted to do a show talking about her. And initially we were like, can we just make a whole podcast about how to hopper? But then as we started looking into her story, it naturally led us to talking about another famous Gossip from that era. And then we have eight gossips that we're talking about in this first season and they all kind of connect to each other somehow. Love that and love. It's kind of all sandwiched between Hada Hopper and this other rival of hers.


Oh, a rival. Yeah. Hadda Hopper and Luella Parsons kind of go hand in hand. So we'll learn about Luella Parsons later on. There's so many feuds that Hada had and so many people that she gossiped about. She's like the anchor to the whole thing and And it all ties in. I love that. I love That. It just kinda like naturally spindled out. Like with what, 'cause that's one of my favorite things is when you'll start a story and then you see like all these other little avenues that you wanna go down. And sometimes you're like, I can't go down all of these in one story. Like I'm making this too complicated. And it's really smart that you guys were like, you know what, why don't we can go down these avenues. Like let's just make this another episode. And then it just kept spiraling. I love that. Yeah. We have the Hollywood gossips, but then we also have the investigative journalists who reported on crime and corruption.


There's something for everyone. I feel like. Oh yeah, we've got asylums, we've got old Hollywood, we've got old actors being outed. We've got everything. We've got It all. Incredible. So there's gonna be eight episodes this season. Do you guys have a personal favorite? Ooh, I do. Can You tell us who or do you not wanna reveal who's gonna be on each episode? I have two. The second episode is about the first Hollywood beauty guru. Ooh. And she was so controversial. I mean from diets to just beauty regimens. She was awful, but also so fascinating. You know, and she was kind of like a mini Gossip herself.


Like she had stories about all of her clients. And then my second is probably the first crime investigator. I'm trying not to give too much away, but she was a crime investigator. And Nelly? No, not Nelly Bly. Aggie Underwood. Oh, Aggie Underwood. Yeah. Oh, These names. Wait, shut up. I am literally doing a case right now and Aggie Underwood is part of it. Holy shit. We talk about Her a little bit. We focus, it's like brief more on her coverage of the Black Dahlia case. Okay. Oh yeah, Yeah. Because she was the first. Yeah. And kind of like nicknamed her. Oh wow. Okay. Oh, I can't wait for that episode. Oh, that's really cool. Nelly Bly is the one who, American Horror Story, kind of based asylum off of her.


Like she went undercover into an insane asylum. Okay, okay. Yeah, it Just, yeah, kind of like blew the lid. Blew Lid. The bit off the Place. I think what's interesting too is in another episode we're covering Walter Winchell and it's really interesting to see the way that his life paralleled another Gossip that we talk about Matt Drudge because it's fascinating to see how political coverage was done then parallel to how it's done now. And even with the gossips, like all of the salacious rumors, the different stories that were being fed. It's kind of like the foundation of, of all the press and media nowadays, I feel like we all know a lot of shit is just made up. A lot of times people are just talking out of their ass.


And so it's kind of fun to look and Gossip about the gossips versus gossiping about the stars. Right. That's True. That's a good way to look at it. I love that. So Spencer, who's your favorite episode? Mine probably would be Nelly Bly. Yeah. Because of her investigative work and just because there's so much work that's been based on her afterwards. But my favorite favorite is probably Heda Hopper. She was just the Queen Bee. The queen bee. Spencer and I went to Beverly Hills one day and we wanted to drive past their homes. Yeah. No, that's not Weird. We, we wanted to see like where Heda Hopper lived, where Loel Parsons live and we did. We weren't a nuisance. We just, you know, just drive Drove just a little drive by.


By a little slow. Yeah. And we turned the corner from he's house and this street then wasn right by then. wasn BRIDLE Street and we're Like, oh, shut up. It meant to be Meant be. Wait, Can we leave this in? That's like, that's Keith me. Yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. So we're big into signs. Yeah. That's the Universe being like, that is a sign. Absolutely. Yeah. That's amazing. We took it as a sign for sure. I love the whole show and I. don Dunno if you got either of you watched, did you watch Hollywood? The the show? I think then wasn on Netflix. Ryan Murphy did it. No, It sounds at my alley though. I know don don't even know if I've heard of this. Yes. Cut that. Cut that. It doesn't sense.


Yes. I'm trying to be professional. It's fucking 10:00 AM man. I'm not. I just, yes. Have you guys watched it? No, we haven't. I don't think so. Yes. Then Wasn amazing. You guys are perfect. Perfect. Love Just Ended on that. Yes. Yes. Alright, now going into the episode. Yes. All right. So last question before we kind of wrap this up and give listeners a little taste of what they're gonna see over on your feed.


What surprised you guys most doing this? Like was there anything that popped out to you that you were like, holy shit, I never realized that or anything like that? I'll say that history repeats itself. Yeah. Like I was like, oh, nothing's that different from going and picking up like People Magazine or reading about Gossip online. Nothing changes. No, that's so true. I'm excited to listen and like compare what was happening then to what's going on now. It's not anything different. Yeah, It's all the Same. It's all the same. Yeah. It's Just how we consume it Changes Like Gossip is just a constant. Yeah. And we love it. Yeah. It'll Go s always. What's that old saying that they say? I try. I get it wrong every single time I say it, but it's like, let's sit sideways and talk straight.


Is that it? Ooh, Is that what it is? Hold on, I'm gonna Google it. Sit Straight and talk Sideways. No, I think it's sit sideways and talk straight. It's sit crooked and talk straight. Like let's, let's be straight up about it. Ah, I like That. I feel like that's the vibe of your show. Let's sit crooked and talk straight. I Love it. Alright, well we're gonna plug a little bit of the first episode. We're gonna give you guys like the first 15 minutes to listen to, and then you have to go on over to Spencer and Madison's feed on Gossip BRIDLE and listen to the rest. Just so everyone knows. It's like a horse bridle. So it's B-R-I-D-L-E. Yeah. You Guys are killing it. You have other exciting things going on, like you wrote a freaking book. We did. We wrote a book that comes out August 20th.


Yes. It's big And hot. It's the big hot book of death. Yeah. I guess we should say the name Obituary. The Big Hot Book of Death. And we are so excited for that. We have our little book tour and then we're doing a fall tour as well for obituary live. And I'm excited because we actually get to see you guys. Yay. Because we're coming to Boston on October 25th. Yes. So excited. That's gonna be so much fun. And Then we'll also be in New York, September 14th, Chicago. September 21st in Seattle. October 4th. But I feel like it's gonna be a really good time. Yes. We wanna get back on the road. It's, it's a little, it's a little mini tour. Yeah. Now that we've gossiped, we're like, put us back on a stage.


We got more shit to talk. And I'm telling you guys, the live shows are so much fun. Oh my God. The one that we went to in Somerville was like one of the most fun nights I've ever had. It's hilarious. Oh, tickets get you tickets every, you Never know what you See. Yes. Obituary podcast.com. All things can be found there. Do it. All exciting things and the most exciting thing can be found over at Gossips. BRIDLE. B-R-I-D-L-E. Hell yeah. Without further ado, here's some of the episode. Listen, I am Spencer Henry.


And I'm Madison Reyes. You're Probably wondering why would we choose a name like Gossips BRIDLE? Well, a Gossip sp Bridle was a torture device that dates back to the 15 hundreds, which was used to punish a gossiper. This device was primarily used on women, often at the request of their husbands. If a woman or the occasional man was caught gossiping or talking shit, she was made to wear an iron cage around her head with a built-in horse BRIDLE that would go into her mouth and pinch or pierce her tongue. She would be paraded around town, wearing it while on a leash, sometimes with bells on to attract attention, humiliated and probably the subject of so much more Gossip and hopefully learned her lesson.


Yeah, That she needs to leave her dumb ass husband. In all seriousness, gossiping is our favorite pastime and the thought of being so severely punished for it makes us sick. So we thought it would be appropriate to dive into the lives and legacies of some of the most polarizing and iconic gossipers who would've surely found a BRIDLE in their mouths. Welcome to gossip's BRIDLE Then wasn. Always Hollywood Do or die. I've done, and I've died there too. No matter what you say about the town and anything you say probably is true, there's never been another like it.


A million dreams are fulfilled every day and a million hopes shattered. But if you have guts enough to stick it out and even a modicum of ability, you'll wear down Hollywood's resistance and Hollywood's resistance. She wore down. We're starting the show off with one incredible Gossip girl who took the golden age of Hollywood by the balls and made it her bitch from Love affairs to bad taste, wardrobe malfunctions to politics, religion, and even murder. Nothing was off limits in her widely read newspaper columns, which captivated an impressive 35 million readers. At its peak, both men and women equally feared and revered the wrath of her typewriter.


Meanwhile, her Beverly Hills home overflowed with tokens of their affection, gifts piled from floor to ceiling, mostly hats, but more on those later. She was adored by few, despised by many, and had the time of her life through it all. While we have a few choice words for her, there's no denying she became an icon in her own right. So let's dive into the Juicy Gossip about Miss Heda, the Hat Hopper. Heda Hopper born Elda Fury entered this world kicking and screaming on May 2nd, 1882.


Though she later claimed June 2nd as her birthday, but we'll circle back to that soon. On the day she was born, her hometown of Holidaysburg, Pennsylvania was besieged by a fierce storm. Yet young ELs cries outdid even the loudest claps of thunder raised on a farm in a bustling German Quaker slash Pennsylvania Dutch household. She was one of many children vying for attention. Her parents, Margaret and David Fury, a farmer and a grocer, raised a lively brood of children, including sisters, Dora and Margaret and brothers, Frank, Sherman, Cameron, and Edgar. Not to mention a grandfather she couldn't stand and an uncle.


She absolutely adored quite the full house. At the tender age of three, her family traded farm life for a meat market in Altoona, Pennsylvania, then wasn there amid the butcher blocks and meat hooks that she learned not just about the anatomy of animals, but about the anatomy of fear itself. Heda would later say this early exposure to the butcher's life left her fearless a trait that would serve her well in the cutthroat world of Hollywood. Heda was quite the little hustler from the get go. In her memoir from Under My Hat, she recounted a story from her childhood saying, once upon a time, there was a six toed cousin mine. When I first laid eyes on him, I knew I was destined for show business.


The neighborhood kids were too poor to fork over pennies, so I charged them five pins or was it pennies? We might never know just for a peek at his unusual toes. Back then. As Elda Fury, I was already in the business of spectacle. Little elda from Altoona always dreamed big yearning for a life far grander than her humble beginnings. In fact, she loved dreaming of fame so much. Her favorite day of the week was Sunday, not because then wasn a day of prayer, but rather for the juicy Gossip. In the Sunday papers. By eighth grade, life's circumstances forced her to drop out and dedicate herself full-time to the family business. While dishwashing became her unexpected specialty.


Life as a butcher's daughter was not. Her heart's desire and her dreams of the silver screen never stopped. Though she lacked many childhood luxuries and lived in the shadow of her brothers, she did have one treasured possession, a horse named old Fannie, which she only ever rode bareback. But our clever elda was always hustling. She was quietly running her own little racket, skimming from the meat markets till to fund her stunts, her big splurge, a side saddle from Sears. Of course, she wanted something fancy and elegant that would surely turn heads. However, the horse's fate took an unfortunate turn when her father sent old Fanny to the glue factory.


In her book, HEDA recounts a particularly daring escapade involving her older sister Dora and Dora's boyfriend, a dashing doctor and war hero. Heda was smitten, not so much with him. As with the idea of escaping the daily grind of the meat market, she concocted a plan to snag his attention by any means necessary. One of her tactics pretending to sleepwalk into the parlor while he was visiting, wearing a cute nightgown just to steal a glimpse of him. Despite getting caught and reprimanded, she didn't give up. Her schemes escalated to dramatics. One day in a wild bid for attention, she grabbed a gun, stormed into her parents' bedroom and pulled the trigger thinking that an injury would surely force a heroic rescue from her sister's hot boyfriend.


Luckily, the gun wasn't loaded and no real harm was done except to her pride. Neither the doctor's attention nor his affection was captured that day and soon after he vanished from town, leaving both sisters behind, no one ever heard from him again. Huda's fascination with men in medicine didn't end there. She later dated a dentist during her teens, but that romance fizzled fast. She promptly broke things off after seeing him in a bathing suit. He was just too skinny and hairy for her liking. In 1898, when Huda's father left to try his luck in the Klondike gold rush, she was furious at being left behind, desperate to break free herself.


She instead stepped up and faced the reality of needing to support her mother and siblings. Feisty little Elda Fury devised a plan to become the family's breadwinner. Within a year, she transformed herself into a badass bill collector. It turned out her father had been overly lenient with borrowers leaving a trail of unpaid debts owed to him, armed with nothing but her audacity. She confronted every debtor channeling what she imagined an actress would do. Her strategy, a charming smile paired with an undercurrent of steely intimidation, escalating to absolute hysterics if necessary, then wasn a performance that paid off.


Literally, she managed to collect enough to sustain her family for an entire year, all while still a teenager. Heda was nothing, if not fearless, When Heda still elda at the time was just 17, she decided she'd had enough of her provincial life and was ready for the big city lights. In her memoir, she quips. I left home to escape the heritage of being a butcher's daughter. It seems ironic that I was to spend the rest of my life dealing in ham with a suitcase and $250 pinched from the meat markets till she boarded a train bound for New York city.


Once there, she sought out her Uncle Sam, who offered her a temporary home. then wasn her first bold leap into a new life, one step closer to the dazzling world of show biz she'd always dreamed of. Though today, she's most known as Hollywood's premier purveyor of Gossip had to hopper first graced the spotlight on the Broadway stage. Her passion for theater began at the Carter Conservatory of Music in Pittsburgh, well before she made her escape to New York. Upon arriving in the big apple, she joined the chorus line on Broadway. Hada herself admitted that though undeniably loud, she was neither a gifted singer nor a skilled dancer. The legendary Florence Zigfield of the Zigfield Follies famously dubbed her a clumsy cow during an audition.


Yet, through sheer determination, relentless practice, and the undeniable appeal of her great legs, she managed to carve out a place for herself in the world of theater. A couple of years into her career, she snagged a role as an understudy in a theater company where she ended up getting far more than she initially bargained for. Then wasn. Here, hada met the towering William de Wolf Hopper, an accomplished actor, singer, producer, and vaudeville star. During her early years on stage, she affectionately referred to him as wolfie and was smitten by his charisma.


She wrote about him saying to me the wolf was something special, something new under the sun. I had been on the stage only a few years when I joined his company. His massive size, his voice, his storytelling gift. Wolfie, was a six foot three riot. From the moment I saw him, he fascinated me, known for his robust voice and infectious humor. The wolf captured the hearts of many. His vivacity was later captured in his 1927 autobiography. Fittingly titled Once a Clown, always a Clown. Wolfie was considerably older than Heda, around 55 to her 18 when they first met.


Despite the massive age difference, which was even greater than that, between her and her own father, they fell deeply in love. After her final performance in the Quaker girl in 1931, hadda made a bold move. She went to a jewelry store, bought herself a ring for $23, and secretly married wolfie. That very night in his hotel room, Wolfie a man of let's say transient tastes never owned a home. He preferred the luxury of hotels instead, choosing to spend his money on cars rather than houses, affectionately known as the husband of the country.


Due to his numerous marriages, he eventually married Heda, who was still known as Elda at the time, making her his fifth wife. After marrying Wolfie, she made a decisive break from her past. She no longer wanted to be known as Elda Hopper. Why? Because Wolfe's previous four wives all had similar sounding, two syllable names ending in a his first marriage was to Ella, his second cousin. They married more out of convenience than romance. Both were actors determined not to let romantic partners interfere with the trajectory of their careers. So they married each other.


His second wife, Ida, was a member of his acting company and the mother of his son, Jack the third. Edna was not just his co-star, but also a savvy financial manager. His fourth wife, Nella, embodied the quintessential prima donna vibe. Adding yet another layer of drama to his personal life, Alda decided then wasn. Time for a change, but then wasn more than just a change of a name, then wasn a declaration of her individuality. And so Alda transformed into Heda setting herself apart from his past wives, and more importantly, stepping into a new identity that would soon become legendary in Hollywood.


And why did she choose Heda? Well, performing in the Quaker girl was a pivotal chapter in he's life because it brought her to a friendship with her co-star Theta Barra. A massive spiritualist Theta's influence led heda into the world of spiritualism. And although Heda was initially enthusiastic about diving into these spiritual teachings, she started experiencing eerie phenomena like mysterious tapping on her walls, which quickly made her realize spiritualist life was not for her. But she must have still been vibing with it at this point because like any normal person would, she consulted with a numerologist named Mrs.


Cochrane to help her through her transformation for a mere $10. Mrs. Cochrane proposed the name Heda, promising it would bring a positive change despite still ending in an A and having two syllables, HEDA resonated with her. It felt right. She claimed that adopting this new name was like finding her true self, and it worked. She blossomed into a more assertive, confident, and joyful person. Heda even revamped her birthday from May 2nd, 1885 to June 2nd, 1890, embracing a completely new persona, new name and age, iconic. With her new identity. Hada told her parents back in Altoona about her marriage to Wolfie.


Their response was less than enthusiastic. They issued this statement to the press. The fury for generations have revered the sacredness of the marriage vow. And the report that my daughter Elda has married to Wolf Hopper pains me greatly. If Hopper loves my daughter and means well, I will be satisfied. But if he married her like he took up with his other four wives as he would a play thing, it'll be an outrage that her old dad will not stand for. If you like Morbid, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Prime members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.