
Hey weirdos. You know, we usually steer clear of active cases, not because we're not following them, but because we believe in giving you the complete thoroughly research picture while also staying respectful to everybody involved. But we have been absolutely glued to the law and crime network lately following the LUIGI Mangione trial. For those who are having a hard time with the name. LUIGI is the 26-year-old charged with the December murder of United Healthcare, CEO, Brian Thompson. And while we wanna be really mindful about how we discuss this, because at its core this is about the loss of a human life, we can't ignore how this case has sparked some really complex conversations across social media. That's why we're super excited to tell you about Law and Crime's new podcast series LUIGI. What makes this podcast series special is how thoughtfully they're handling such a sensitive topic. The host, Jesse Weber, is doing an incredible job presenting a comprehensive look at the case through exclusive interviews, courtroom documents, and in-depth coverage. It explores not just the trial itself, but the deeper questions this case has raised about our healthcare system, all while never losing sight of the human impact at its center. I'm about to play you a clip from the first episode of Law and Crimes LUIGI, which will be available exclusively on Wondery Plus on March 24th, already a Wondery Plus member. Then you can start listening to LUIGI right now. Not yet subscribed. Head to Wondery plus.com to get early ad-free access to this series, Morbid and so many other amazing shows, A falsified New Jersey driver's license. Under the name Mark Rosario hinted at an attempt to hide his true identity, the same alias he had used when checking into a New York City hostel before his arrest, a stash of cash totaling $10,000, including $2,000 in foreign currency, as if he had been perhaps preparing for a swift escape, a box of medical masks, a seemingly mundane detail, yet one that completed the picture of a man on the run and a US passport that confirmed his real name. LUIGI Mangione. As investigators pieced together the evidence, it became clear Mangione wasn't just another anonymous face in a fast food restaurant. He was the prime suspect in the murder of United Healthcare. CEO. Brian Thompson and the manhunt that had gripped the nation had finally come to an end. And to the authorities, this was definitely the guy they say, shot Brian Thompson. They have him captured on film, shooting another human being, Gobs of physical evidence that connect him to the actual crime. We have a weapon, we have ammunition. We have fingerprints. Fingerprints on the weapon. We have fingerprints on a water bottle. The NYPD working in lockstep with the FBI and the Manhattan District Attorney's Office immediately dispatched detectives to Altoona. And so consequence becomes the biggest issue now for him And for the American people. The unmasking of LUIGI Mangione slowly began to expose another massive issue on platforms like x, TikTok, and Reddit. Initial reactions were a mix of shock, outrage, and conspiracy theories. Many were horrified by the apparent cold-blooded murder of a corporate executive in broad daylight, while others speculated about man's alleged motives. Digging through his digital footprint in search of clues as more details about man's background surfaced, including his criticisms of corporate greed and the healthcare industry. A segment of the internet began to lionize him. Following his arrest in Altoona, LUIGI Mangione found himself facing a series of serious charges in Blair County. The Fact that he was caught with a weapon, with ammunition, that local jurisdiction is now gonna want to file charges. Prosecutors wasted no time charging him with multiple offenses the day of his arrest, including carrying a firearm without a license, forgery, false identification to law enforcement and possession of instruments of crime. LUIGI Man's first appearance in Blair County Court on December 10th, 2024 was anything but quiet as he was led into the courthouse in Holidaysburg, wearing shackles in an orange jumpsuit. Cameras flashed while reporters shouted questions, but it was man's own voice that cut through the noise, completely Unjust and the elephant of the American people and lived experience He barked at the press. His frustration unmistakable. He carried himself with an air of defiance. But once inside the courtroom, his demeanor shifted. Seated before the Judge Mangione answered in short, clipped responses. His defense attorney Thomas m Dickey, leaned in often the two whispering in hushed tones behind him. A row of NYPD officers sat like a wall of silent enforcers. Their presence of reminder that New York was waiting. You just heard a clip from the first episode of Law and Crimes. LUIGI. You can listen to the full episode and more when Law and Crimes LUIGI releases exclusively on Wondery Plus starting March 24th. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Spotify or Apple Podcasts, and follow the show page for weekly update episodes on the LUIGI Mangione case as it unfolds in real time. Wherever this case goes, law and crime will be there.