
Guys, I've gotta tell you about a podcasts That truly captivated me. It's called Kill List. One night a hacker breaks And, a dark web murder for hire site, uncovering a chilling cachet of documents called the Kill List It. Details hundreds of names around the globe, complete with faces, addresses well as payments nd instructions for these murders. When a murder disguised as a suicide shakes a quiet suburb, a hacker connects the victim to the Kill List with local police. Slow to act. He turns to an unsuspecting investigative journalist to help. His name is Carl Miller. When law enforcement decides not to investigate, their team is forced to take matters. And their own hands a decision. That plunges them. And a high stakes race to warn those whose lives are In. Danger and It turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not That easy. I'm about to play a clip from Kill List. Follow Kill List on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, you ready? Yep. It's a Thursday afternoon and I'm on a call with one of my producers, joyful. The road outside. My house is almost totally silent on my computer. I Open Chris's document. Oh, Wow, there's a lot on here. Yeah, Chris has run me through the orders, but this is the first time I've got my hands on the Kill List itself. It's a long spreadsheet of names, locations, telephone numbers, So, how many do we have? It looks like there's 85. 85 on this List I. Scroll through the List and a man from the us. A woman from Russia alongside each name.


There are contact details, workplace addresses, details of their movements. And In. Most cases There are photos. The photos are the thing. That, strike me first. A few dozen people staring out at you as you open this document. In one, a middle-aged man stands surrounded by his family. His light blue eyes twinkle with a deep And, joyful pride. and another, a woman tilts her head as she smiles shyly at the camera over MLA's glasses. She's somewhere glitzy. She looks relaxed. nd happy. The thing that's So striking about these photos is That. They look like they've all been taken from social media. They look like kind of mainly Facebook profiles.


So, they're, they're the ones That you decide to put on your profile picture. Yeah, they're nice photos. Yeah, And. It's I mean it's just a photo. but they all just sort of have this un, you know, they just don't know And. This is just sort of looming over their head. And, they have No idea. You know, man, this is awful. This List looks like any other Excel spreadsheet. It's innocuous boring. Even until you read the instructions listed against each name. There's one fucking Guy. nd I only have his name nd the city He lives. In. How can I hire a killer to Kill him? How much Bitcoin should I pay? Tell me the execution time.


In advance. I can't be There. I would just like this person to be shot. And killed. Where? How? and What with does not bother me at all. I would just like this person dead. These are the messages written by whoever paid to have these people assassinated. They're specifications for the hit. Can you kidnap silent nd erase without a race? Kill a nurse In type a I. Guess we don't know the backstory, but like a nurse I Want her to be killed. It should seem she's dead because of accident, not By murder. Kidnap family In Hong Kong. Can We say 15 Bitcoin for hit with a car and ensure fatality Mother needs to die. Someone wants to Kill their mom.


Kill an unidentified woman, In Ottawa Kill, a Woman who permitted sexual abuse moca Women 45 years old. Jesus. Man, this is terrible. Just like these are really possibly 85 really serious crimes just staring back at us. Yeah. I mean this is conspiracy to commit murder. Ethically, this is the hardest thing to cover That I've ever tried to do. and nd for sure I mean this is a ethical bomb waiting to blow up In our faces if we don't do this correctly. Yeah. I don't know man. It looks like a, a big Pandora's box. That. We're opening And. Once you open it, it's open. Man. don, don't think we can put It shut.


The thought of What could go wrong if don meddle with this is terrifying. but so is the thought of What could happen if I do nothing, So, I start with the obvious step. I'm quite nervous, honestly, like I wasn't able to sleep That. Well, I don know why it suddenly makes It a lot more real. nd it is just a spreadsheet at the moment and it's about to turn And a crime. I'm about to phone the police And hand over my information. Chris might have struggled with law enforcement, but I've worked with the police before. In my reporting. I'm confident I can do better.


After all this is a credible threat. How hard can It be to get them to take it seriously? Alright, should I just do It, then Follow Kill List on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


You can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus Check out Exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.