
Ready for a real relationship. Tify is six and a half times more efficient than dating apps. Why waste 40 plus hours swiping each month? Let Toka FI's expert matchmakers manage it. On average clients find someone special in just three matches compared to the 1500 swipes for just one date on apps with an over 80% success rate confidential process with no public profiles, you can trustify visit T-A-W-K-I-F y.com to start your journey. Stop swiping, wishing or waiting, start your journey and go to T-A-W-K-I-F y.com.


Hello And. welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast. Podcast. What were you gonna say? I glitched so hard. I know. Wait, what other podcasts would you, were you gonna say, I don't know, this is the only one I have. Oh, maybe you were welcome back to just Trish. Oh, that's exactly, that's probably what happened. That's exactly what was happening for the visual listeners. Tana's dressed up as Trish. I didn't have time so I didn't dress up. See, I'm Tricia Patti as King Tut. It's so funny. I thought that just for some reason I assumed that she just had like a normal makeup on. And then I go to the video and it's like pink and bedazzled and you were like 10 minutes away.


And I was like gluing right into my waist. Wait, Honestly. Amazing though. Also, I noticed that the dog downstairs is bedazzled. Was that you? No, that was Ashley. We were just deciding that Winnie also wanted to be cute. Of course, yes, of course, Of course. And then we also have, As if This wasn't enough. First of all, you look amazing as Moses Thank you so Much. It's not the most comfortable situation. I don't know if I could survive in the wild with a beard, but it'll do for the day. It's weirdly like it. Like you look good. Like if I just met you, are you a attracted to me? Like I'm weirdly really attracted to you. I'm not even kidding. Like if I just met you and you looked like this, I would be like, that's hot. And I. Don't know why That is so nice. I'm like careful. Like. I. Wish more men looked like girls.


Ain't that the truth? Speaking of, it's funny you say that. We also have Amari as Malibu Barbie. Can you please come show us your look? I'm stretching out my smile so that I can laugh this episode. I love it. What's Up? Where my mic at? I love when you I'll be, I'll be back. I'll be back In a little Amari. We'll be back in a little bit for his debut as Malibu Barbie. You honestly look like you look like me after like two shots in a Xanax bar.


Like you look Like I hate people. I love them like you really do. And then we have Amish Aaron as Elvis. Wait, Aaron's sweating. It's genuinely fabulous. Like if I didn't know better, I would think you were him. So we are the entire paid us Hackman family today for this episode of Cancelled, which is so iconic to me. Me Paige was gonna be Elvis and then she dropped out last minute. So I, I honestly feel like Erin as Elvis is so fitting. It's So fabulous. Yeah, It is so fabulous. I am so excited for today's episode of the podcast, though I feel Like I have so many good topics and I'm gonna be clipped Galore. Okay. At least you look gorgeous. I have a, I have a mustache and beard.


It's so weird because I think you look gorgeous. Thank. you Like I look a little crazy like only Tricia can really pull this off. No, it's like you genuinely look like beautiful. That's so nice. Like I. Just not, this is definitely not how I feel My most. Speaking of not feeling my most, I have to immediately tell you something. Oh no. Obviously last night I was like, oh, I need to self tan. Like if I'm gonna be Tricia Patas, this King Tut, I have to self tan. I have to give the full fantasy. Right? Of course I noticed that I'm out of my regular aisle of paradise. Okay. So now I'm like, okay, we're trying a new self-tan. I'm automatically in murky territory. I ended up using the aisle of Paradise Oil version of what I normally use.


So, and it ended up like looking fine. It's kind of translating on camera. A little wonky. Oscar's been putting a filter on us too that looks like outer banks. I'm gonna have to talk about that in a second. But you keep going So it's fine. Okay. I wake up, I'm like, alright. It's a little footy on the hands. It's a little whatever. And obviously a while ago I used to self tan all the time. And every time I would finish self tanning, I would notice the next day that the bottom of my feet look as though I, I don't even know you've Been walking the streets barefoot. Yes. For like six weeks straight And I. Could never figure out why. I was like, that's so weird. It gravitates to my feet. And then one day on tour I was self tanning in a hotel room and you were like, bro, like you're spraying it all over and then you're stepping on the floor, right?


Yeah. So then I've been trying to be more mindful of like doing it on top of a towel. Like whatever it is, you know. And for some reason last night I was just high as fuck. I wasn't feeling self tanning anyways. you know? It's a whole journey. Yeah. And I was like whatever. Sometimes I skip that part and I'm just down to accept what's happened to my feet. Right. This one I've you, what's crazy about this is you're about to show me something I noticed 20 minutes ago. No, but you Need to see It in full. Brooke. Amber Brooke. I'm already Amber. Brooke. Brooke. Fucking down. Brooke.


Brooke, Brooke. You're lying. You're lying. I literally, there's a tear in my eye. Like your arch. Wait, that's so, that's a nice, like bottom of your foot though. 'cause that means you got a crazy arch to your foot. I'm flatfooted. That would've been just like one solid block. Well, no, but the thing is, it's Like I thought. I think I'm getting flatfooted. I'm finally getting to the bottom of my foot journey. I think That's why I think someone said that. I think that's why your feet are growing is because they're like, The arch is slowly Yeah. Going away. I think that's why I'm going up so many shoes. But that is easily the like, worst thing I've ever seen. Yeah, no, It's so bad.


And I scrubbed them today too. Like this is on there. Wait, but It's like, how did that happen with the oil version? I You're not even spraying anything. I have No, no. You're spraying an oil. Oh, oh, you're spraying an oil. I have no idea how I'm gonna take feet pics this month. The lights are going off. Oh Baby. I don't, I I don't think they want to see that to be honest. Actually, maybe they do. The sun. They're getting, they're pretty freaky. The defeat people. Yeah. Like maybe that's like somebo. I'm hoping it's so bad though. I screamed at the top of my lungs this morning. And imagine Maa Like, I. Just feel like I've been doing so many things where I'm like, that Would've been my final straw. 100%. Like, you know, Maco was just standing there. Like, what? And then this, he told me I was sexy as King Tut though. So You are, I don't understand what you're saying. You look so cute. I just, but, but this might must be how you felt when you were telling me I looked good in my Ronald McDonald costume.


Nobody, it was sexy. But you know what's funny? you know what I love about you is like so against sexy Christmas. So against sexy Ronald McDonald. So down for beard as Moses Hackman. I love it. But you know what, I've actually done this look once before because that was Billy Ray this year. Oh shoot. I forgot About that. For Bebe's birthday party. What were you just gonna tell me about? We were gonna talk quickly about what Oscar did to me in the last episode. I think it was Oscar because I refuse to believe that I did my own self that dirty. But Like I was so, or I think he put an Outer Banks filter on us. Mm. No 'cause everything was like greener too. Like, like our house doesn't, it doesnt look Like that. It was like saturated. Yeah, Like it just, it doesn't look like that.


But Everybody thought I did orange makeup to match my pumpkin hat. Which like, like okay. But I didn't. But anyway, this is my natural skin color and I'm really leaning into it because Me talking about the bottom of my feet, Well I don't self tan just like looks so bad on me for some reason. And I like try all the time. I've tried everyone. I old paradise I love, but I love it when I'm already like a little bit tan when I'm really pale like this. There's nothing that can fix it. So I gotta just lean in. I think it's good to lean in Like. I have such a like self tan, like it's fuck antidepressants. Fuck therapy. If I feel fucking awful about myself, one fucking coat of that orange shit and I'm like oh my God, I'm a hadid.


Honest To God though, I've never looked like, okay, with the exception of maybe your hands and feet, I've never looked at you and thought like, oh her tan looks like shit ever. But that Is just like such a nice lie. No, I Know. I actually mean it because I have one friend off the top of my head that I can name that I wanna literally like shake her and say, never ever ever get a spray tan ever Again. I know exactly who you're talking about. She's gotta stop. You're so right. She needs to be tough. But who the fuck am I to be talking about anybody? Tan won't. I left my own body. I was like, wait, Sorry, I'm trying to adjust so that I can smile in this episode because I already like have been giving bad vibes. You can also just let them know off Rip that you're, you're so happy. I honestly am so happy I've Been Like I Really do wanna look like this all the time.


Like I. I No, you look amazing. You look great. I just love cosplaying. Anything Tricia does, Like I might just run it up for the next 10 episodes. Like Tavern Girl, whole nine Like I. Just when I feel like Tricia She does, she doesn't like wait for Halloween to co cosplay. She'll just cosplay every day of the week. It's so true. I think I might be like picking up that trait soon 'cause it does bring me a type of joy that I can express. It Is so fun. I've never actually like full blown cosplayed somebody. Your beard is just so good. What About it? No, I'm serious. This is the most sexually attracted to you I've ever been. Maybe it's 'cause I'm feeling Tricia e though too. Like And you're Moses, so I'm like, you think so? Fuck me. Are you really getting into character? Yeah. I love that. I love water. Water.


He loves water, right? Yeah. He loves water. That's good. Nailed it. Amari. Just sitting here on platform heels like cock out is so Me. I guess before I get into all of my topics, we should talk about our LA shows. Yay. They were so fucking amazing. I cannot believe that happened. Me. It's so crazy. Me either. Crazy because we were home for the last episode that we filmed. So I was like, that's weird. Like, 'cause now we're home from tour again, but so crazy. So amazing. Dolby theater. I just, I, when I was hosting the Steamy and got drunk on that stage, I never thought there'd be a worldwide I'd ever be on that stage again and be able to redeem myself. Like I thought that would just be my final memory of the Dolby.


But what a great me. What a Hilarious. And Tricia is just, I can't wait for her live show in December. She's so, I'm so creepy. Imagining Tricia like seeing me Like talking about her. No, I love it so much. But like, She's just so fucking made for live performance. Her performing shallow. When we got home that night, Koa, he didn't know like the shallow lore. And so I like updated him. And I was literally moved to tears. Like the fact that like she performed it live on stage with us and just fully committed was so fucking, I Know she really like, like jumped into character and she was so, it's so interesting like Tricia. 'cause I feel like she genuinely has like, like she doesn't truly understand how much people love her because she always, she's like, what if I go out there and like people don't know who I am.


And we kept telling her like, Tricia, like we have like a little tidbit in the beginning of our show where Trisha's in it and the crowd goes so crazy every single time that it's like we, we can gauge how good a crowd is gonna be or how loud a crowd is gonna be based on how loud they cheer at that like moment. Because that's the, like they, we know they're gonna scream And I always say that. It's like it's our Hail Mary. Like if I'm on stage in like Springfield, Missouri, And, I, like forget a part of my story and like the crowd goes silent Like. I'm turning to that audience and saying we Like y'all love Tricia. Pedi Exact every single time, even when I was going through some stomach issues and had to run off stage to use the restroom, I I could hear from the restroom you going, so how do y'all feel about Tr Sheba is like, it is just so, it was such a full circle moment to have her like close out the show.


Like it is something I'll never fucking forget in my entire life. It was just, it Was so amazing. And just the way she was received, like literally, I don't think they stopped cheering for like 10 minutes straight. It Was so, and all the people in just Trisha, it's like seeing their faces. It was Like I Know. 'cause no one knew she was coming and so many people just had like loved Tricia Payday. Yeah. And it, it was like, it just Like I. Wish we could bring her out for every show 'cause it's like it was so special. And I. Do just wanna say now that tour is done. I hate going on this whole emotional tangent while I look like this right now. But it's like, I'm just so fucking grateful for our fans. Like genuinely. Like this girl wrote me a letter. I took a photo of it. Wait at the Los Angeles show and let me find it. Hold please. I'm sorry. She just wrote this whole thing saying Like I met you in Portland six years ago and she said I was 14 and you were 20.


We locked eyes. And for the first time in my short life, you weren't looking through me like through a screen. First time feeling the warmth of being seen as a person and not just a problem. I felt real and important. You looked me in the eyes, held my shoulders tight and reminded me how loved I was. You didn't let me leave until you knew my name and made me smile. I like all this stuff and she just like went on this whole I know. I'm like, oh no, I know, I know, I know, I know. She said I'm unsure if our paths will ever cross again. And, I need to Thank you in this life. You change my life. You were the first person to ever root for me on my team. And. I would not be here without you. TANA. And I'm sure many other fuckups and losers relate and like all this stuff, And, I just like That makes me like literally wanna sob. I know. Sob my beard off.


I'm gonna lose my mind. But it's just like, knowing that people feel that way at all is so crazy to me. Like crying in the Moses. Is it just, no, I don't know. That's so fucking Sweet. And like what a way with words she Has. I know it was such a beautiful letter. And I was like, you're not a fuckup, you're not a loser. Like I had to message her after and just tell her like how much I love her. But I don't know, like knowing that all these people are in this room every night and everyone kind of has that in common, right? Like they maybe say what's on their mind and they don't feel like they fit in because of it. Or people who genuinely knowing I've ever changed one person's life, right? Is like mind blowing and Like I don't necessarily know if I'll ever like believe it to that extent, but it's just Like I just wanna thank my fans like so fucking much.


'cause it's Like I really wish I could go in every single one of those people's minds and they could understand that Like I would not be alive if it wasn't for them. And just like coming off this tour, really looking back at like being in all of those rooms every night, like filled with so many fucking people who like all have something in common and just, I don't know, dude, Like I just was the past like week now that it's over. Like I'm so sad. I want to go back out immediately. Like the, it's so true. Like the low after tour, like just being with that many fucking people who love you and that you love back as much. Like I can't believe that was real. And I. Just Like I. Just want to thank my fans, our fans again and again and again. Like holy fucking shit. I cannot believe that was real.


And if you told fucking little TANA who was suicidal sitting in front of her dirty door in her horrible house that like, it would get better and we'd be playing the Dolby fucking theater. Like that's And I. Just hope that Like I know that we're never putting our role model inspiration fucking hats on Like. I'm not, I don't wanna be a role model in so many ways, you know, as I say, as King top. But like, I'm still crying as Moses. So I hope we can serve as an inspiration to people that if you're in a bad spot of your life, like you can fucking turn everything around and like you will find people who love you for you. And like you can be yourself. Even if it's Like I. Don't know Like I. Just remember like, like the girl in those storytime videos was a a, the weird kid.


I don't know. Just everything I would say I was always the outspoken fucking outlier weird kid. And I found this family of people who love me for me. And I. Just hope other people can like do the same thing. I don't know. I don't mean to go on such an you tangent off For you. No, I trust me, I have, I've had a whole existential crisis about it, like, since I've been home. 'cause it's like, it's such a special experience and like in the moment of course you realize how special it is, but like when you finally get home and it's like quiet and you're like, oh my God, Like I can't believe I did that. And Like I just, I think of like 20 years from now when we're like with our kids and we're like, no, seriously, like this happened. And I be like, mom, you're so lame. Like, there's no way, like, you're making this up. you Know what I'm saying? It's so true. It's just so like, it's so cool and I'll never ever, ever get over it. And I wanna tour forever. But You know what I mean? Like it's, I think it's like you walk out on stage and you hear these screams and you see these big crowds.


And when you start doing that every night, it's very easy. If you don't make your, if, if you're not actively trying to make yourself present, it's easy to just fall into that role and understand yes, that there's thousands of people in front of you. But I think it's little things like reading that one letter and knowing that like she, that one girl in the crowd felt that way. And like that all of those people feel some type of way. Like the fact that there's anyone who's willing to spend money to come like see this in person like that, it means that much. I just, I just cannot fucking believe And I just want to thank anyone and everyone who came like you have no fucking idea how much that shit like really meant to me. Like I just To both of us.


But no, like you're saying it's easy to like dissociate sometimes. 'cause sometimes I'm like so overwhelmed by it and like, 'cause it is so like emotional and crazy that I literally have to completely like, like remove myself from it. But it, I like meet and greet for example is like the best thing to help with that. 'cause it's like, is like, if I'm feeling that way, the second we like start meeting people and stuff, it's like, oh my God, these are like, this is like so crazy. And just like, even just like the amount of girls that come into the meet and greet like fucking hysterically sobbing. Like, and I'm always immediately like, I'm so sorry for everything I've said. I'm so sorry that you feel raised by me. No, but like, it's Like I. Just think about how I feel like people, I would cry meeting knowing anyone Like I know. But you're Being, you're being like Trisha right now where you're like not acknowledging that.


Like literally the whole world is obsessed with you. You are so nice. It's, I guess it's just that, that comes with being polarizing, right? Because it's like, if I was someone that just everyone like mass widely loved, but I just guess like, knowing that so many people hate me too, I think it's good for me 'cause it keeps me so fucking humble. Like, but, but it's Like I don't want you, you, you tell me this all the time, but like, you shouldn't be focusing on that over the people who love you. And, I think that's what Trish does too. Probably. She just like thinks of those people as like the public. But just I guess seeing people who love you that much in so many rooms. I don't know, I don't wanna make this the whole fucking podcast 'cause we do have a million topics, but just even just the people watching at home. Like even if I never meet you and you never come to a show where you never comment on anything or anything, just like the fact that you give a fuck at all about me.


Like, and her and our lives. And I just can't Thank you enough. And I fucking love you so much. And we love you. If you feel Like I saved your life in any way, just know you fucking saved mine. Okay? I'm touring houses right now. Right? And it's just be, it's so hard. This is exa everyone's like, why don't you own property in La Like? I'm like, and I've always just been Like I would rather keep the money in my bank account and rent because it is so fucking difficult. I've toured 20 houses in the past five days. There is something wrong with every single one of them. And you have to care about so many other things when you're buying a house versus renting like what school district is nearby so that it's like, oh, is it profitable or not? Is it, if you ever wanna sell it or rent it, is someone gonna wanna buy this house?


you know what I mean? If it's buy a freeway, you're fucked. If it's, you know, the roof, the foundation, the fucking fire insurance and everything. Yeah. It's just adulting to a new level that is so overwhelming. And so I'm obviously trying to find something that I love, but also something that is profitable. Right? Yes, of course. I love your mustache. I'm sorry. It's like kind of going like a little rogue. It's okay. It's okay. I, I fell in love with this fucking house. I'm so fucking in love with it. It's so beautiful. But it's on a major street. I will never sell it for a dollar more than I can buy it. So now I'm just, it's sad to have to go tour other houses when I have this one. I love. 'cause you have, yeah. And if it was for rent, I could just rent it. It wouldn't matter. And I can't have it for a reason. That's like so upsetting to me.


But obviously I am also trying to find something really safe, like gated community. Like just so safe. 'cause I need to tell you something about my stalker that I'll tell you after this. I'm glad. So I go tour this fucking house today, right? And it's in Hollywood Hills and it is just like the prime location. Okay. Very Oppenheim group. Like I. Feel like Christine Quinn would've sold me this fucking house. Okay. And it's just beautiful old like Spanish, right? And it's in the Hollywood Hills. I guess I can say where it is 'cause I'm not fucking buying it. Okay. It is directly above the comedy store. Like, it's like you, you only go like right up the hill. Okay, me with binoculars. I'm like, no, it's who's my next victim?


It's so in that way, like, it's like you're right above all the billboards on Sunset Strip. It's so, so, okay. And it's weird because I'm in the car with Ashley and we're driving there. And I was saying to her, I was like, this is gonna sound fucking weird, but before I buy a house, not only am I going to have inspectors obviously come and all of those things, but one of my mandatory things I'm going to do is have a medium come Like I. Just like, did somebody die? Here is this weird vibes, like I've lived in houses that I believe were haunted. And I never want to again, Like I. Think Alamar was so fucking haunted. Like And I just really? Yes. Like just, I could go into detail. Like we lived in that house in Sherman Oaks for like three years, like shadow people walking through the windows. Granted I was on drugs.


Well, and You painted your bedroom walls black. I think that's the thing is that I was in a like attachable. I You were in like a Yeah, Space. I was in an attachable head space, but then the house just, and there were weird little dungeon parts of the house that just scared, I don't know, whatever. So I was Like. I'm not gonna buy something and live in it for five years without having a medium roll up. Pull up, pull up and wreck me, turn it off. And so we pull up to this house right after I'm saying that, right? And we walk in and the vibes are just so off really. And the house is built in 1920 and it's just scary. I'm like, it's beautiful. It's like Spanish overlooking all of Hollywood.


Like, it's beautiful. But I'm like, what? Like what's going on here? Right. Who died here? And so then the girl trying to show us the house, she lets us know. She was like, this house has so much history. So essentially the people who bought the comedy store, when they bought it in like the eighties or whatever, whoever was selling the comedy store just threw in this house as well. And so then this house ended up being a crash pad for like all up and coming like, like Jim Carrey, Robin Williams lived in this house. Oh, so people who Were doing the comedy store? Yes. Like, like the Comedy Store people owned it. Okay. So like, whenever someone was doing the comedy story, is It Paul Shor's Mom? Yes. Yes. Okay, so she owns that house. She owned that house before she died. And like their family still owns it.


That's who's selling it, right? Oh, okay. And so Jim Carrey crashed there. Robin Williams crashed there. If you google the house, there's so many drug stories, crazy stories. Like all this fucking shit. A Thousand Legends. Fucking legends. Right? And so she's just telling me more about it, right? We get down to the room that they've now turned into the master bedroom, okay. And we're walking through like on the floor and it's hollow. Like I'm, you know what I, you know, when you're walking on the floor and you feel like there's something under it, right? And she's like, okay, I have to let you know this And I just saw a TikTok about this shit. Okay? Have you been getting tagged in this TikTok? I saw it, but I'm, I'm a skeptic again with you. Keep going. But I So you And I are getting tagged in this TikTok like every day for the past week, I've seen my whole mentions of someone talking about tunnels under Hollywood all fucking week.


I'm getting tagged in this thing. And I don't know much about tunnels under Hollywood. Okay? I don't know. I don't, I don't believe it. It's them saying there's like a Starbucks reserve under Hollywood. And like, first of all, Like I feel Like. I would just know about that shit. Me Too. Someone would've slipped up by now. Like 100%. And so I am gonna go on a deep dive asking like all my most famous friends, if this, if this is true. 'cause that's what they're saying. It's for Like. I. Don't know If I have anybody who would be invited to Starbucks Reserve in my contact. Yeah. They're saying it's like, will Smith will be driving under the tunnels, whatever. I, people have been asking us like, Hey, can you talk about the tunnels? And I saved it to try to see if I could ask people and whatever, whatever, blah, blah, blah. Right? So, but I have no personal lore and I'm walking through this house and the girl's like, Hey, just letting you know this is hollow.


But before the Comedy Store was owned by the Comedy Store people, it was owned by the mafia. And like all of Hollywood's, a-list would like, it was the place they would go. Right? And so there's a tunnel under this house to the comedy store that Marilyn Monroe used to take like all the time to like go into this house and like yada yada, like all this shit. Like Marilyn Monroe. How doesn't even, even this house even Build a tunnel that long? I have no idea. But I saw the full fucking latch, the full fucking thing. There is a jet, there's a tunnel under this house. They couldn't open it. No. They closed off. Allegedly they closed off like some of the entrances that it would take you to. But I'm like, I'm not fucking living in this house. No.


'cause who's down there? Who The fuck is under these tunnels, under this fucking house in Hollywood? And the fact that they're just like, you could tell the lady And I were just vibing. So she was giving me lore, But it's like, yeah, so maybe like she's not supposed to divulge this information at All. And then I leave and I'm googling this house, like just the worst vibe. It's beautiful. Like the kitchen's been redi, it's gorgeous, but it's like worst vibe. I'm googling it. Like John Lucci, is that his name? He left a party at their house. I thought I didn't say John Benet Ramsey. I'm like, fuck No. He left a party at this house to go to the Chateau Marmont and then died. Like, there's so much And I can't believe it's just for sale. And no one would know if no one fucking asked. Yeah. But I'm wondering, it feels like there's so much history. I wonder that about Like. I saw the men.


I know. I hate to bring up the Menendez brothers again. I no, I don't. I love them so much. Their house just sold for $17 million. And I can't imagine like buying it. And do You know with that, you only have have to disclose if someone's died in a house within three years only. I Kind of get that though. And Like I don't. No. I don't know if I subscribed to the idea that like a house is like haunted because somebody died there. you know what I mean? Like I. Do I also think that like it can be haunted. Like no, you don't haunt somebody unless you were like done wrong by them. But Friendly ghosts. I want a friendly ghost. No, you what? I want a friendly ghost over no ghost. Okay. I am so fucking who's gonna protect me? Fucking sorry. Absolutely the fuck. Not I want no ghosts. No Ghosts. I want a friendly ghost over no ghosts because I like, there's things I can't see that they can, I don't care if my ghost is fucking Betty White.


I don't care if she's so nice and she's chilling with me like the Barbie movie. Okay, Like, I. Don't give a fuck. I'm horrified. Really? Yes. I just can't, I can't even do it. We Should do, would, would you ever do like a haunted situation or like a, like a speak to ghost? Sam and Colby ask me all the time to do one of their videos with them. Ab I just think, you know, my whole sleep paralysis Laura Like I had, it was the same as Alamar, like an era of my life where I genuinely was like, someone's here. you know what I mean? Is she in the room with us? And Like, I don't fuck with it at all. I'm too paranoid as a person. I just, I I don't, I I'm not kidding. I never, ever, ever think about being haunted until I'm masturbating. Not kidding. And, I've already told you this before, but like, that's the only time I ever think like, are people watching over me?


Ever? Because I'm like, how embarrassing. I'm serious. I I will ne I would never go uncovered the faces. No, I'm, I'm not kidding. I'm I'm, it's literally like me with my Moses mustache on, I'm like, I feel like you have to have sex with your boyfriend later with this on like, I'm definitely gonna have sex like this. Oh for sure. I made him kiss me when I left the house and he was literally like, this is so, he's like, Ew, I hate kissing someone with a beard. I'm Like I have to do it all day long. That Is kind of crazy. It's so funny. I'm about to be avatar with Koa and we're getting a full special Sex. Wait, I'm so sorry. Really quickly, I just wanna point out that did you, did you notice who was Avatar?


Who was Avatar Alabama? It's so funny. The other day I'm going through my house. And I found all these fucking photos with photos of me in Alabama. Barker And I was like, oh really? Oh rats. It's so funny because you know, I'm not gonna sit in that makeup chair for more than three hours. I'm gonna be like, listen, well here's the make me blue in five minutes. I want that big Sony KIC beauty blender like get to work. Like I'm not gonna look too, Here's my thing about it though. I saw her photo and it was like almost so perfect that I'm Like I could have done this in an AI app in 30 seconds. And I know she wasted like hours and hours and hours of her life. I know mine's gonna be really footy really, really footy. But I, I do think Mcco And I have to have sex. Is it? We've already like kind of planned that For sure. But you're gonna need to put like a tarp down.


Oh my God, it's so bad. It's so fucking bad. I'm not Doing any Halloween or I have to do at least one 'cause I have one party that I have to go to. But yeah, what you need to do something like, so I think you should do something so good like so Ty. I know I truly love Halloween. I love to dress up but I just haven't thought of anything this year. Last year I was a deer And. I'm like, maybe I'll just be a be a deer again. Ugh. You know I love what do you want Me, me to be like sexy buddy white? Like Yes. Like literally. Yes A golden girl. You're kind of a golden girl right now. Oh my God. We could be golden Girls. Should we speak on pop culture before we just go down random tangent holes. Tangent holes is not a phrase. Yeah, lots has happened in pop culture this week.


First of all, I don't know if this is considered a pop culture, but they announced the Menendez brothers re-sentencing today. Which I think is gonna happen like really soon because With the re-sentencing they can say you deserved 30 years and then they've already served 30 years and they can be put out like immediately. Yes. And so originally they had served or they were like sentenced to life sentences without parole and now they're eligible for parole. And since they've already been in for like X amount of years, they're eligible immediately. I'm so excited for them. I think that everything I said, I could have said last week like all of my takes on it. But I am just really happy for them to start hopefully begin a more new normal, same thing as Gypsy Rose, And I.


Just God That's so ama. It like literally gives me like chills to think about them sitting in prison their whole like all this time and thinking like there's, they are never gonna see outside again. And then now they are because people were so, I am really Happy for that. Like passionate and stuff about their kids. I think it's so amazing. Did you know that they both got married in prison? Did they, They Both got married since they've been in there To guys? No, to women outside of prison. Oh really? Both of them. Oh no I didn't know that they, Yeah. And I. Wish I jumped. I wish I got ahead of it to be honest. Yeah, that's so iconic. Eric Is hot. They're both like beautiful, beautiful People. Well I just like the pictures gorgeous. The young Eric, He could get it.


Oh I Know. Not me in a beard saying, I'm like, I feel like we have to talk about the breonna chicken fries Zach, Brian breakup. Here's what I'm gonna say. I was 100% rooting for them to not be the tale as old as time the lose Him. How you got him tail as old this time. But him being on Raya the next day makes me feel as though it's hitting the tail as old this time. you know? And it's just like, you know, what's her name? Debbie. Who's Debbie? Deb. Deb is just somewhere. Debra is thriving. She, Someone was saying when the hurricane, 'cause it wasn't her, the hurricane just called Hurricane Deb. Yeah. And then Zach Bryan was just, it was something like, you'll never lose the of a woman who loves you.


I'm fucking brain dead. I don't Know. But the previous girl before. Yes. Yeah. So Deb came before Brianna and Brian Didn't cheat on her with Brianna I mean it's, people say that, but I don't, I don't think so. Or was, I think it was just very, very immediate after both Bria and Zach's breakups that they got into new relationships. So much so that it is like very suspicious. Like if my boyfriend were to break up with me, even like my little two month relationship that I have going on right now, if he were to break up with me and start dating someone next week, I would be floored. Well people just always talk about how that is like narcissism checkpoint number one. It's People who just can't be alone. Yeah. And it's so, it's so scary. But Like I guess Like I. Don't know. It's so con, like his archetype is like so common and it's like you just fill the void and it's like literally like somebody's disposable.


And that, and Brianna said that in her bathroom floor video. She was Like I. You can give someone everything and be discarded within days. And It's sad. It's so fucking Sad. But he, but she, this is the thing, she saw him do it to somebody else. So it is Like I understand why people are receiving it and they're like, well you were fucking stupid. You like, you know what I mean? Everybody's saying that. But I do feel bad in some capacity. It's so sad. 'cause you always wanna believe. Yeah. 'cause I like believe in love. Like, you know what I mean? You wanna be the anomaly. You wanna be the Yeah. And it's Like I hate, you know how many people are making videos right now that are like, she should have known better and stuff. I'm like, okay, Zachary comes knocking on your door and see what you do. Like be honest. Yeah. Like it's, he, you know, I know exactly the type of guy he is. Like he probably love bombed her so hard.


And like of course like when somebody's telling you all these things, you think they're gonna be different too. you know, when you're Watching him sing the most beautiful songs in the world and eventually the most beautiful songs in the world about you to these arenas of people who love him and he's vulnerable and he is talented and he is. I 100%. See how you, and then I think that a common thing with women as well though, is that you think with a man that time put in matters. Do you know what I mean? Like I. I found myself in this situation a million times where you like she probably at this point right before this breakup was like, okay, I've put in so much time. But it doesn't, men don't think like that. That's why the taxi cab theory is a fucking thing like that.


A man, you can, a woman can do everything for a man for five years and if he's not ready for marriage, he will dump your ass. And then a year later, the first woman who comes by just like a taxi cab light on. Yeah. He's gonna marry. And it's the same principle. you know what I mean? Like the time put in did not matter in the ways in the end how he was. I don't know, it just isn't. Dave Portnoy was funny as fuck for tweeting. Smallest man who ever lived. I know. I saw him say today that he like never liked Zach and he always got bad vibes from Zach. I've only ever met Zach like once. Have I ever met him? Yes I have. I don't Think so. I just, I he was at Bri's live show when I went to go do it. And so Like I got to talk to him a little bit That night. I thought we met him. I met him. You Did? Oh you did. You did. You did we? Yeah. We met him at a show too, but I didn't get like bad vibes from him.


But you I mean, you know, there's a story of him serving his wife with divorce papers while she was deployed. No. Yeah. So he was married once before to Rose only a couple years ago. The fact that I know her name Is like so creepy. Married with the dog. But yeah, so he was married and they were both in the military or the army, I don't know. And she was like active duty, like deployed and he just served her with divorce papers. No explanation. If I'm in the military and someone serves me with divorce papers, I am absolutely like calling all troops and being like, Hey can we just move this missile? Well just like, are you kidding me? Well Just talk about like talk. Oh my God. Just the, the way that I I mean, you know, the way I handle a breakup. Like if it were like that kind of thing.


Like you're married to somebody and I'm already At war. No. And the only way you can communicate is letters. I'd be putting blood on the letter. Like I don't even, what do you even do? I'd be sending photographic evidence. Like I. Use one of those stamps that you touch and then croak, Not anthrax. Anthrax boots. Yes. Anthrax boots the house down. Are you fucking, actually kidding me. That's fucked. Okay, I see I there's So that was before, that was before Debon then Kim Brianna. And there's absolutely zero ti time in between any of those relationships. That's why people get on him so much on online. Yeah. And I felt bad for Brie all along the relationship because everyone was hating on the relationship the whole time being like, girl, like he's gonna do to you exactly what he did to everybody else. And you know, she was probably like so bothered by that.


And then he did. Yeah. That's sad. It's just, that's a mess. It's such a mess. It's always the guys who sing like the most beautiful love songs that are just cheating. He has that fucking song Let You Down or whatever, where it's, he literally says, I'm gonna fucking let you down. I'm gonna do everything. Like that's who I'm, It's almost like they have too much love in their heart and they have to spread it all over the place. Even If he didn't cheat on her. It's just the Raya the next day is diabolical. It's Olivia, Rodrigo. It's like traitor. It's like you'd fucking, you don't, that's, it's the same thing to me. Especially if it was on any sort of terms. Like, 'cause he put out a statement where he was like something like he hasn't been mentally right since his mom's passing and like he just needs to work on himself. Okay, Clinton, I Know. Well I'm like, yeah, I think I've seen this feeling before.


Except my at At least, well not at least his mom. Objection. Yeah, but you can't blame that like, and say like, oh you need to focus on yourself and your mental and stuff and then go on Raya. 'cause it's like, oh, are you gonna do that on a date with some other bitch? It's also just like, like in what world do you think you're gonna open up that riot app and it's not gonna get clocked? Like, do you think you're gonna stealth leaf? Fuck Yeah, that's what I'm, but that, I think that they must have been broken up for a while. I think they break up and get back together quite often actually. Yeah. He should just sing. He should for sure. Just S how lucky are we? It's been a hell of a week. He's, it's been a hell of a week. Bri should have titled her YouTube video that It's Been a hell of a week. Oh, that's good Shit.


The girls aren't how lucky are we? Right? Like that's insane. It's, it's just, It's not funny. I mean Jesus. I think Dave Fort Noy will really handle it. So I'm just, I'm I'm tapped out on everything I have to say. I wish nothing I genuinely do. I hope Brianna finds a really healthy, happy world. you know what's been like really pissing me off on the internet lately as well. Just there has been so much happening. Like I feel like this is always how the internet goes. There's like a week where nothing happens and then everything happens and it's so fucking sad that Liam Payne passed away. It is, it is just like so, so fucking heartbreaking. Like I know that he did some really fucked up things and just the whole situation is so layered.


But I think that what's made me really sad is just seeing all of the girls who were like direction and like how integral it was for like their childhood. How one direction, how it shaped so many people. And I saw Tara's world. She posted this video where she was just like really distraught over and crying and all of the comments were like, girl, imagine if this was someone you really knew. Okay. Like, like just like coming at her for being so parasocial. And it's, I was having this conversation with a bunch of people I knew And I realized how split it is because Like I completely understand like, if Justin Bieber passed away, I would genuinely be, 'cause I was such a believer, I still am.


Like it, it did shape and form me in so many ways. you know, Like, I wasn't personally a direction, but I can relate. Like I, I would be as distraught as all of these girls are. But a lot of people in real life, like hearing them talk about it. Just people I know are like, they can't understand why like Tara's world was crying like that. Like they're saying Like I don't know that person. Like I would only be upset if it was like, and it's crazy to me. Like, No, you can watch a movie and cry at a, at someone dying in a movie. So why can't you cry a real person dying? Yeah. Whether you know or not affected your life so much. I like you said, Like, I feel Like I am just old enough to have not really like, been like a super like one direction fan. But like Bebe for example has been crying literally for weeks. I ran into Olivia O'Brien in the elevator the other day was sopping with a one direction shirt on and it's like, it really is.


So it's just fucking, just horrible. Yeah. I think it's, it's so fucking sad. And it's crazy that people can be so not sensitive to that. Like, who gives a fuck if that person knew that person or not? If You wanna talk insensitive, I wanna talk about what they're doing to all the girls who are associated with, with Li Pain online. Like his current girlfriend, his ex-girlfriend, his kid's mother. Like every single one of them is getting like in some way blamed for him having passed away And I. Can't even imagine like the grief alone like would probably kill me. And then going online and seeing people blaming me for it. It's so sad. It's so sad. And I like the, they're, you know, all Like I think her name is Kat, his girlfriend that he's, he was dating when he passed away.


She, all of her comments are literally like, why would you leave him there? Like this is your fault. Like it is like how can people possibly be so Horrible? Yeah, it's fucked. And it's, it's just crazy because it's like, obviously if this was something he was struggling with, like that was probably not an anomaly of a situation for her leaving him there. And they have kids, right? No, he has a, he has a 7-year-old with Cheryl Crow who is, who was a one, who was a X factor Judge. Oh I know who Sheryl Crow is. That's crazy. I did not know that was the mother. you know what I want to talk about really quickly, just kind of in relation to all of this that I keep seeing. So allegedly two CB was found in his toxicology report in his bloodstream.


Yeah. And apparently also two CB has been making a lot of recurrences in the media because Diddy, it was like found in all of his shit as well. And everyone keeps calling it pink cocaine. Right? And. I Just keep like seeing that everywhere on the news. I see. Okay. So that's what I saw. I saw pink cocaine found in his system. I've always made like two CB jokes like And I. I've learned a valuable lesson. I even had, we had a girl come up to us at the meet and greet and talk about how she was like recovering from being addicted to Percocets. And I've seen a lot of people in my life be addicted to like Percocets and hard drugs like that and shit like that. And it is, they're all just such damaging drugs. And, I. Have we talked about this a while ago, but I've just learned a valuable lesson that I need to be very careful with my jokes.


Especially right now I'm seeing all this like pink cocaine, shit cocaine is obviously a very bad drug, but I think that it became a much scarier drug when fentanyl started being coming into the mix and calling two CB pink cocaine I think is like diabolical. It is such a horrifying drug and it like will have you like talking to walls and shit. Really? Amari. Do you wanna, Amari has a Malibu Barbie. Do you have something to say? Two C is something Don't do it. Don't do it. Amari's two CB experience. Do you know I set a reminder in my phone to yell at Amari for doing two CCB years and years ago because I, I found out this story third party, but Amari was in the airport, left all of his luggage in the airport, like to send it home and then left the airport.


He thought he was at a snack shack. He FaceTimed Ty and he was Like. I'm at the Snack shack fully in airport vending machine. Obviously the news isn't like marketing it as anything, but I can just imagine so many like young impressionable people seeing like pink cocaine and it just sounds so much lighter of a truck than it's, well Not even, not even just that, but like people who are doing it, like literally doing it because they think it is literally pink cocaine And it's like, so it's so, so, so such a hard drug. Obviously I think we all sing, right? I think everyone in this room has maybe tried it in that realm, right? Like you're like, oh, pink cocaine, And, I just wanna be the fucking PSA right here. The just 'cause it's like just Trish and, and Like don't bring, don't bring tr At all address as king top being a freak.


Immediate apology for that. I'm just saying I think that it, it being pink is really just fucked up. Like, it just like it, it looks so much cuter than it is. Why Is it pink? And now it's just all in the news as like fucking pink cocaine. And I'm like, dude, this shit is a fucked up drug. I, But I thought it was like something mixed. Oh, it's mixed with Molly. It's like Molly. Oh it's like if you did Molly Cocaine and Like dude, I did Molly literally one time And I called the ambulance on myself. I would never touch anything even moderately similar to Molly ever again in my fucking life. It's just like one drug being the equivalent to doing Molly Ketamine hallucinogens and like coke. They really hit all the bases. Yeah, they, I know. And it's just like so scary. I don't know, I just, not that I should be, I just feel like we do have a lot of like young fans who are like girls and gays and like, listen, I get got by pink shit all the time.


Like if it's pink I'm buying it. you know what I mean? If it's pink I want it more. And it's just, I don't think this should be one of those. Well listen, we've done the market research for you. There's not a drug in the world that you should try 'cause nothing is that good literally At all. Except like weed weed's Not a drug. Like Even this vape being pink like sells me a little more. I'm just saying Listen, I need to clear the air really quickly because sometimes me and TANA take jokes a little bit too far. Okay. And that and what started out as a joke. Okay, here's the thing. This starts in when I was a senior in high school Ball Shaver Schofield. Yes. That's crazy that you knew what I was gonna say. Yeah, that was cute. Yeah. I've told this story before.


I'll keep it short. I told this kid I was gonna shave his mustache in the shower one time. Like it was like a, like the guy was dating in high school and for some reason in his head he was like, oh, I'm gonna actually tell all my friends that she shaved my balls in the shower. And then I became ball ball shaver, Schofield And I could never live it down. So now I Like I I mean I made a joke like that to my boyfriend recently and we were like joking about it. I was like, imagine if I like put your, your little pubes in my locket. Like kidding. Not kidding. I was kidding. And then I was like, oh, I'm gonna take this joke a little one step further and I'm gonna tell TANA that there's pubes in my locket. Just because we were talking about my locket, And I was like, oh yeah, there's actually pubes in here. Well, because also, I don't even think the people don't even know about this, but it's so fucking funny. Every time we're like at a show in a random green room, wherever Like I feel like Paige doesn't see the light at the end of the tunnel.


So she'll go manic, like on tour and she'll just start cutting her hair. Like I can't even tell you the amount of green rooms Paige has given herself. Like a butterfly cut in or like a wolf cut or like whatever's trending on TikTok, whatever, cut like Paige. And she's amazing pages Salon. She's ss she really does slay it. And so she was cutting her hair per usual. And then you guys were joking that like she should put her hair in your locket. No, I did have a lock of her hair in my locket for like a few weeks and then she made me take it out. She thought I was, I was cursing Her. I was sitting with Paige and she'd had this like quote unquote bad week. Horrible luck. The luck in question is like stubbing her toe and shit. Like it really? And she thinks I put a hex on her. Well she, no, but she where she's so high and she just sits up and she goes, TANA, I have to remove my hair from Brook's locket.


Like, she's not saying that you were hexing her, but she's saying that someone else having your hair could be bad juju. And then she actually, the next day we're in like Boston and she comes into your room and like removes the locket hair. Literally. She didn't leave one hair. So I think that, which is just crazy. But I think that maybe I, I'm dried up. Maybe that put the idea in your head that you needed new hair. Yeah. So I thought it was like funny like ha ha ha. And so TANA made a talk about it. Brooke has pubes in her locket. And first of all, I think you did have pubes in your locket and you're trying to backtrack right now. I Don't have any pubes in my locket. I can't wait. But I would have, I would have if I could, but Imagine they're just all on my face now. First of all, his friends won't let him live it down. And I like feel so guilty for having done that to him.


And second of all it, it was in my head. So Like, I'm thinking Lock it, lock it, lock it. Okay. And we just had this pees in the lock it situation and this girl comes up to the meet and greet. She says, Oh my God, I forgot. I And. I go. Oh my God, I love your locket And I. Look at TANA and Like I like laugh 'cause we just talked about this pubes thing. And she goes, thanks. My dad is in there. Like, you thought we were about to have a funny 'cause it really was. It was right. I know before the meet And, I was like clowning you for having pubes in your locket. I'm dying on the hill that the pubes were in your locket. Bad time to say dying on the hill. But then the girl comes up and she's so sweet and then Brooke, you just thought we were gonna have like a little funny, like you were gonna be like, oh my God, I love your locket. I have a locket. And you and me would kind of chuckle, maybe we'd tell the girl about your pubes.


Like it'd be like a whole, it Was gonna be a funny joke between the three of us. But then she told me her dad was in there and then I had to like literally, I'm not even kidding. Like my jaw hurt from how hard I was trying not to like literally it was gonna hit the Ground cry and laugh. She ended up making a TikTok about it too. The girl. She was like, she did? Yeah. She was like, if you know, you know like my dad, my dad dad's in my locket like, and then Brooke told me that her boyfriend's pubes are in Hers and Like I really do just think that that kind of encapsulates what a meet and greet experience is like for us. Okay, but just for the record, my boyfriend's pubes are not in my locket. Oh my God. They so are they aren't. It's funny because I actually Like I don't think it's that weird because I saw this TikTok so long ago where a girl was like, essentially You don't think it's that weird Because I've been trying to do something with Maa.


Not as weird as that. This girl was making a TikTok, like you're fighting for a text back. Like I have his dread on a key chain. So I've been wanting to do that for so long. Like have one of Mica's locks of hair on a key chain. Like a little Maa was like, no, you're not doing this. This is so fucking weird. So eventually I started, every time he would brush his hair and lose hair, I started keeping the hair to make my own. Okay. See mine was a joke. And yours isn't At all. No, I get It though. But then I told Koa that you were keeping pubes in your locket and he finally said, fine, you can have a key chain. Oh Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. So honestly Thank you so much, I'm so excited for my key chain. See, I knew I was good. My joke was good for something. It definitely wasn't good for my boyfriend's reputation amongst his friends.


Yeah. And I. Just honestly, miles, I'm sorry that I said that. You're a build a bitch because he's also not living that one down. No, he's Fine. It doesn't bother Him. Amari, do you remember that time I bled all over Elton John's house? Huh? Yes. What I'm about to tell that story. I fear again, I'm touring houses and Elton John's house is also by the Sunset Strip in Hollywood Hills. So we were touring a house like right by it. Wait, he used to live there, right? And Ashley was like, do you remember that time that you bled all over Elton John's house? And. I was like, oh my God. Like I hadn't thought about the memory in so long, but I just need to tell you how fucking embarrassing this is. Like I just like so many of my embarrassing stories, I just like completely forget about and then I'm like, oh my God, I did do that.


So it was Jordan Mar's birthday. What were you gonna say? Maybe It's 'cause we aren't supposed to tell these stories, but it's like it's so good for the The Lord. Yeah, it was Jordan Mar's birthday and me and Elijah Daniel decided we were gonna throw him a birthday party. Okay. And so we're looking at houses on Airbnb. 'cause this was before Like. I had a house. So we're looking at a house on Airbnb to like throw this party in. Okay. And we end up renting this house. We get there and as the guy's giving us the keys, he's like, yeah, Elton John used to live here and he would always throw parties here. And we're like, this is so iconic. And there's Elton John stuff like memorabilia all over the house. Oh wow. And we throw this party in. I end up just getting like fucking shit faced. Right? Like so Tina, so Tina level and especially just 'cause I was like 18, like we were so much more like out of pocket at that time.


Like coming straight from Vegas, Like I, didn't know how to throw a party. I would just invite everyone and get like fucking shit faced. I love that. And so I'm hammered And. I'm up in the room like And I, I'm like on my period, I have no idea how this happens, but I go to the bathroom and my tampon had just been in for way too fucking long. Okay. I don't know what happens or how this happens, but I take my tampon out, miss the toilet, And I. Don't know. I don't know. I couldn't tell you. And you don't fix it, right? You just left it. I don't put a new tampon in Like I. Don't know if I was so hammered. Okay. It ends up getting stuck to my shoe. And, I Stuck. And, I leave.


There's blood on the walls, Brooke. Like there's blood. I leave And, I'm walking on the party for an hour. Trail of blood all down my legs. Trail trail, trail trail. Jordan Mur had to end up trying to clean it so the Airbnb owner didn't like give us a fine, he throws up everywhere, Should've literally sued. He throws up everywhere. Blood on the walls in Elton John's house. And then they ended up fining me to like, 'cause it was like on the walls and shit. Do you know what's crazy though too? I talked with this a little on TikTok and it's like, this is now like six years later, right? I still don't have my period figured out at all. Can I just say that like it's just Like I thought. I think you either, you talked about this on something else or maybe you said it to me.


But I will say like There's blood on my light switch in my house right now. Like every morning I wake up on the first couple days of my period And I just like have to run to the bathroom. It's bleeding down my leg. Like, and then it's like you put the tampon in and it's like you can't get it out. And then sometimes it's just drier like than a fucking, like I'll never have my period figured out. I'm gonna be 40 bleeding down my leg or like pulling a fucking birthday card fucking out of my puss. Like dry ass tampon. I don't understand it. Ouch. I don't know. I I I mean a lot of you just have a heavy flow. I don't have that heavy of a flow. I actually literally at 27 years old just had my first like extreme bleed through my pants situation.


And I was alone with Lincoln on a flight. Every single period. I have like the first couple days, like it's like it's on my ankle, it's on my ankle. My ankle is so far from my pussy. Like what do you mean? And then that just brings me to my next point of just everything being figured out. I'm trying so hard right now to become a person who is Type A. Okay. But it's just like, like as I'm just going through all my stuff, I'm also trying to become a minimalist. I'm trying to, but I don't understand how there's time in the fucking day. Okay. It's like you wake up, you're supposed to have a healthy fucking breakfast. You're supposed to take your vitamins and supplements. You're supposed to have gotten eight hours of sleep the night before. You're supposed to be so fucking hydrated. You're supposed to get all of your work done. You're supposed to care about all of your friends. You're supposed to follow up with caring about your friends.


You're supposed to wear something cute right now. You're supposed to be clean girl. You're supposed to be this or you're supposed to be that. All of these fucking things. And then you're supposed to clean your house. You're supposed to put shit back as you, how the fuck do people get dressed every day without trying three things on? And then you're supposed to put those things back. I have no clue How the fuck is there time in life to do it all? Like how the fuck are people just naturally type a Like, I have an idea. Waking up before 4:00 PM No, No, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you. And fuck that. Because it's not even that. It's like, and it's like making meals. You're telling me people cook three meals a day. I Don't get it either. Trust I'm not Type A by by any Means. And then they clean up the kitchen all three times and then they have time to do their job and they have time to be 11.


Well it Doesn't, you have like a fucking 5,000 square foot mansion. Like it's easier. Like, I have to live in an apartment. So it's not like hard to keep it like together. But by, by myself. I can't. How do you get dressed without killing yourself? How do you do your makeup without, I Don't. But I come home and it makes me so miserable to live in it that I have to fix it. you know what I mean? Like that. But I'm not type A. Like I'm really not at all. I, nothing in my life is organized. You will not catch me taking a supplement. I'm eating McDonald's for three meals a day, but it's just like my own misery that gets me to do it. That's it. Like I don't have time to like clean the fingerprints off my mirror. I don't have time to put like the strapless bra back because I'm wearing the racer back bra. No, but because it becomes like habitual and Like I almost feel like it's like old dog new tricks.


You can't do it. Like, it's like you either grew up that way or you didn't like My room. Looks like someone fucking took a bomb to it right now. Yeah. Like you're gonna, I'm gonna be Tricia as King Tut on the Cancelled podcast and I'm not gonna have like eight pair of gold high heels like strung about. Yeah. Well luckily you've got help. I know I just, I'm really trying to change myself. But as I'm trying to instill all of these habits by the end of the day it's Like. I need a tranquilizer. No, But it's because you're trying to focus on too much at once. If you like all of a sudden try to change your whole life upside down in one day, obviously you're gonna be like, I'm never gonna try this again. It's like if I were to try to like go to the gym tomorrow and try to run, run nine miles, I would literally Like I would just never go back in my entire life.


That too Like I just, I don't understand how anyone has it all together. Oh my God. Me neither. Anybody does. No, nobody but people. Pretend I guess it's one or the other. Like I could have a really hard working work day. But then I'm not gonna have a like healthy Yeah, like routine life. I'm been struggling 'cause like my like obviously Murphy's an angel, but mouse can just destroy, he literally can destroy an entire house. Like I woke up this morning and like a dog, he has like destroyed like 20 rolls of toilet paper in every single Creb of the house. And, I'm like, like if I were by myself, I don't think, I think I would've dropped him off at the gas station. And Like kids like What do you mean people have kids?


What the fuck do you mean People have kids? I was gonna say, I think that kids might be what helps you, helps you. Like, 'cause all of a sudden you'll learn new habits. The fuck no, if my toddler threw SpaghettiOs at the wall, I would be like, listen next week. Like, what do you mean? I also have to take them to dance Later. But you're new habits, like you form new habits 'cause it's gonna gonna be your first time going through life as a mom. So it's like when you clean up the dinner table after they like, that's your first time learning it and that's when you get to have new habits. No, but you're telling me my toddler fucking sprayed shit and now I have to go like make ravioli. Well that's what your husband is for. You're making ravioli. He's cleaning up the spray. But then like how do moms have like a slick back bun? I don't know. I've, I haven't gotten there yet. I just, I utterly cannot believe like as I'm even just trying to be more put together that there are people out there with little fucking VARs.


I know. And Then like they're put together like Nora Smith, like no, there's gotta turn that camera off and just pull a gun on Fucking lucky Like I would be so sorry. Like, but I'm just saying like, what do you mean she's, what do you mean she's cooking? Fucking like what do you mean She's making Capri Sun from scratch in a Chanel tweed loves her kids, has time to go to fucking fashion shows and sit front row, you know, she fucks the shit outta luck. Where the hell does she have time for that? I'll tell you Why. I think she's that happy because like she has such a horny relationship and not to like, no, but then it's like, or what do you call it? Speculate. But like you can just tell looking at them that they just like, literally they must have sex at least seven times a a day.


No, but like the other day, And I feel Like I would be so happy. I'd be like walking on clouds. And I would be making fucking bubblegum from scratch if I was getting it like that. Dude, I know. It's just, it would take up all my time. The other day I had like psycho fucking wall balls to the wall sex midday. And it was like, I'm not going to clean the kitchen after I got my ass aid. I'm exhausted. Yeah. Well that I slept for six hours after that. What do you imagine that happened? And then Like, I have to like pick up the kids from school. Like, I can't walk m like what the fuck? Like I the second I kiss my husband's never getting fucked again. You think so? Yes.


No, I think you'll be so miserable with the children that that's like all you're gonna be able to do for serotonin. Oh My God, I'm Like I amm out of breath. Even just thinking about it, you're like a sex addict. You think I'm a sex addict? Yeah. I don't need to have sex every day, but I need to like have crazy sex. Like at least once every two weeks, you know? Okay. Like lately I've been really, no, no, Come on, come, come on. We had to give him something. The Idea of bringing a taser into the bedroom is becoming more and more normal. Okay. I Regret it. Normal For me. What? Like, wouldn't that be so Do to you? Have you ever What do you mean my father To wanna punish him so bad. mcc. Oh my. No. I want him to TAs me.


Have you ever been tased? No. Or Yes, I've been tased. It is so painful. But imagine just a little zap to the ass and doggy. Oh, You wanna get taste? Okay, so you're, you're wondering why you don't have energy in the day and you're trying to bring a taser into the bedroom. You're gonna be out for the count, Right? She's like killing me. Yeah, you just know. KO's friends are like in San Diego like just caught a surf. Someone's sending them a clip of this and they're like, God, why couldn't you have been with like the Hawaiian girl? Like, you know, it's just like, oh my. And You're literally king touch. I'm Literally king Tu talking about how I want this man to tase me in doggy. And I'm like, oh my God, I hope his mom loves me forever. Like it's like, fuck.


Whoa, I'm Crying, I'm crying off my jewels. Oh my God, it is so bad. It's, this is bad. I'm in a beard. And this always happens to me. It's like the more I'll clown you about something, like the more likely I am to get it. So like for example, oh my God, ger next. For example, for example, Bibi has dandruff and that's fine. But I've been, I've been literally making fun of her so much just 'cause I was like, that's so mean. No, I love Bebe more than literally like I've never left anything Like I love Bebe. But it was like our funny joke for a second. Like if she walked like walked in front of me, I'd like pretend to like slip on her flakes. Like, I'm like, Like as If it's snowing at all times. Like her DDR is so bad that I'm like literally like choking on it.


Like that was like my joke for a couple weeks. And then I went to go brush my hair last night. And I saw that I have literal flakes. I am dandruff up. I have the worst dandruff in the world. You could rack up lines of it and sort it. Really? I don't know if I've ever, well maybe I've had Dan Dandruff before. Well it's 'cause when I get a bleach and tone, like your whole scalp like has goes raw and then has to like scab over. Yeah. So then that's like the other day Mako gave me a head massage. Like I was laying like, he was laying, hes like, he was laying like flat And I was laying like on him like we're both facing the ceiling. And he was massaging my head. And I stood up and it looked like someone did an eight ball off of his black shirt. And it was so embarrassing. You Are like, No, I'm not kidding. It wasn't even fixable. I have the wor like you pat my head and like see like, but that's A good excuse.


At least Just like the outs fall off And there's no shade to the dandruff community. I just like, there's nothing wrong with having dandruff. There's, that's not the thing. It's just funny 'cause it's like I've never had dandruff in my life and then I make fun of her like one time for doing it. And all of a sudden I'm just Dan Like I. I'm Just Like I have some great products for your dandy. Don't worry, you can take 'em on the way out. Green Apple Head and shoulders And. I have really, and you just have to moisturize your scalp. But did you see that the Kardashians had a screening for Wicked at their house and like Ariana Grande came? Yes, I did see that. How Funny is that? First of all, I just love the KI love that like anything that those kids want, like they can just make like, you know, that like Chicago was just like, mommy, can we have wicked at home?


Yeah. And Kim was like, fine. Like Ariana. But how funny over Pete. Like how like, oh it's just like, like what? Like how did they even get there? Not Pete. No, but I'm bringing up Pete Davidson in a fucking King Tut outfit. No, but Me, I'm like, I'm like, I'm bringing up Pete Davidson in a fucking king tot outfit. Kim has always been supportive of Ariana And I. Remember when her and Pete broke up? She was posting Ariana Grande songs. Was she? Yes. So it's like they're probably just so past it. I was just imagining Like I think It's just like a universal experience. Everyone's like, yeah, Imagine watching a three hour movie and like, you know like Mason and Penelope were like throwing shit at the walls.


Like it's just like imagine all those kids in one room. Like, like just screaming. No. Who's the bad one? Rain's the one who like wreaks havoc. Let me just stop. I'm also like, it's just I don't need to be talking about those kids in this outfit. It's just like, oh my God. I can't even cute though. Omar, are you ready to come on Miss Malibu Barbie Malibu. Oh wait, no, you're Tricia. Oh Malibu. And now we welcome Malibu Barbie to the podcast. You look amazing. Holy shit Brooke. Can you believe we made such a beautiful child? I can't believe it. I'm never getting a boyfriend after this episode. No. And Malibu's gonna send us to cease and desist, right Baby. For cease and desist. That's Aw. No, That is kind of, it's funny more because to me you, you're giving me Like.


I wore that dress in Cabo on my birthday and those shoes. You look amazing. That's how my legs look after literally one time being cold. Do you know? So I wore these shoes one time. I dressed as Barbie for Halloween and Charlie Jordan was having a party. Okay, Was that the one that was like super controversial? Why everyone was like saying that you were showing follower accounts to get in? Oh that people were showing follower accounts to You had to like show a follower. Your follower. Oh Pe I think people said that but that did not Happen. I know, but that's what I'm saying. That Was there. Like I will, I will vouch for Ms. Jordan. That did not happen. And she is not, she would never do that. Yeah. But her house like probably holds like a thousand people and like literally Like I. Don't know. Here I go with numbers. Tana con 20,000 people outside.


Okay. 5,000 is a lot. Yeah. 5,000 Were at the Dolby Theater. Yeah. Like no TANA Marie, I'm, here's what I'm Gonna say. Not white, but The address just ended up getting sent around like crazy. There were way more people than like were her house could fit and there were so many people outside, like down her fucking street. Whatever. And. I show up and I'm as Barbie And I have this big ass Barbie box. Okay. I have this big ass Barbie box. And so I get there and I'm like trying not to wait in the line. Like obviously I was like invited and so many people outside we're not invited. So I'm like shoving through people in my Barbie box. And this was when DJ was still alive. And I miss her so Much. We grew up with her. So I feel like you get a little more like leeway. Absolutely. It's like no, absolutely. We went to high school together. Bitch move.


Yeah. And DJ was still alive and he was one of our closest friends. So he comes out to get us and he's helping me just mob through people in my Barbie box. Okay. And I'm not gonna lie to you, I did not look my best at this time of my life. Okay? This was a time of my life where I was, you know, if the crunch wrap was there, I was eating it. Okay, That sounds delicious. And I. Knock over these guys with my Barbie box, right? I like hit them all and I'm like move, like get the fuck outta the way. And I'm holding it like this. you know what I mean? I'm knocking people with my Barbie box. I Picture them like flying into the pool like, And it was like SoundCloud, wrapper ass guys. Okay. And one of the guys just stands up and as I'm walking away, he goes, fat ass Barbie just knocked me over.


That would ruin my month. It Did. Are you kidding me? Kidding? And you're already feeling like, God damn, I'm just so big and boxy with this. Are you kidding Me? I walked in Charlie's house To make me look boxy. I walked in Charlie's house. And. I was just So defeated. I was Like. I don't even want to be here anymore. Like are you And I? Remember DJ was just cussing them out. God, I love him. But it was, yeah, that's what, so that's why it's funny, these shoes were just in the pile of shit to get rid of. And then I'm already put them on. That's my Favorite story you've ever told Me. That's why I am I getting rid of the shoes? 'cause they Just, but you were never fat ass Barbie. I was definitely giving fat ass Barbie. I fear listen. Oh God, I don't know how you guys do this is like, my legs have been shaking. Literally like since I put these on like, and Erin, I don't asked me to go downstairs and get 'em a water.


I was like, fuck. You know you couldn't taken the heels off like that was an hour ago. You just kept them on this whole time. You're so committed. The straps And just all of it. It's just too much. I don't understand how you girls do this. It's who Said that? Caitlyn Jenner. She's Like I. Don't know how you girls do it. It's so funny. I'm wearing heels today. Yes. It's so funny though because like, this is literally me, like leg hair and doll Brooke Goes, you couldn't have shaved your legs. That's Amazing. Like I didn't know until two minutes ago. First of all, welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. Hello? It was actually really funny because I mean I know you don't really love Reddit. I don't give a fuck what people say on Reddit. Like I. Just read it. And. I'm just like, you don't know me, whatever. But last episode, Paige And I were sharing a mic and people literally thought that I was trying to keep as far away from you as possible.


And I was like you guys were sharing a mic. They even got into like, oh no. Amari's left-handed. I'm right-handed Paige And. I were just sharing A mic. I know. No Like I couldn't read his body language. Like he told me this Also, there was like a a at the end of it, I'm Like. I'm like, we gotta go, we gotta go. And Tana was like, let's end Brooks. Brookes over it. And. I got cooked so bad. We had meet and greet after that. So I got so many comments that were like, oh, do you have somewhere else better to be like could, And we'd already been podcasting for so long that day to the point where we had to like switch locations To where we were. Podcast Like I, just Like I. How I get Like I get so anxious when I feel like people are like waiting or something. And like, but but then we had the girls. So like we wanted to obviously be like there for the girls. I don't know. Anyway, the whole thing. Anyway, just know Sometimes con, I don't think Brooke Context matters.


People Are so crazy. I just love like the way people like, I'm like, damn, you really have time to speculate. No, but I did say something wrong in that episode. Bad I said that I Didn't, no one cares about Vincent Fair? No, no. I didn't say no one cares. I said nobody knows what you're talking about. But nobody Knows who they are. No, no. I said nobody knows what you're talking about. You said nobody knows who you're talking about. Well no, Because I remember I was Like. I do I know. But that was, first of all, I was so wrong. And second of all, I, I thought, I think I was just like being a Like. I was just Like I always fucking, I also don't like to film for long and that's okay. I don't And I get grumpy. But like you can't do that and like justice for them. 'cause like they didn't, they just caught a stray outta Nowhere because I was just being a fucking like for no reason.


And Like I watched it back. And I was like, damn, like What Was she going through? But At the end of the day, like you're on tour, you're hungry. You were waiting for your chilies. There was a meat greet was Already No, but it's like something And I. If she's pissing me off, I'd be like, no one fucking knows what you're talking about or something. you know what I mean? Like Yeah. And it's just Like I. Don't know. I feel like there's a closeness between all of us that it's like we all talk to, we just A certain type Of way. I know Sam and Colby were not Sam and fuck. No, no, no, no, no. What are their names? Sam and Vincent. Sam and Colby's. So funny. They just, Sam and Colby, right? Holy shit. The ghost Hunter. Yes, there is. There is. Sam knew fucking theirs.


Insane. Of, Okay, well now I made it worse. Sam and Vincent. They didn't deserve it. And I'm sorry. you know, I Love that. you know, speaking of Sam and Colby, you know, one time years ago I told Sam that he looks like Ed Sheeran if he was hot and Like I fucking love Ed Sheeran. Shean Is hot. I I've been s Sheeran's biggest fan. Like for the longest time, one of the first artists I was ever like knew like every song on the album front to back, Like, I love him. So I did not think that that was gonna like, he was like, you're an asshole. I was like, what? What? Sam said that To you? Yeah. He was like, that's evil. That's one of the meanest things someone's ever said to me. And I'm like, wait, well You're only supposed to tell someone they look like somebody. If that person is significantly better looking than them.


I think Sam is one time significantly better looking at Sheeran time. I know, but I'm saying Ed Sheeran should have been significant. Like, Oh, if I came up to, you know, somebody and said that they looked like somebody who was way prettier than them or something. I did that to somebody. Somebody one time I literally told this girl, I was like, oh my God. Like you look so much like, do people tell you, no one has ever told her this. By the way, do people tell you you look like Lauren Gray? Because I was like trying to make this girl's day. Okay. I was like really trying to give her a major compliment and this girl was like, Ugh, no. And she was like, Ew, don't say that. Like something like that. And I literally wanted to be like, Lauren Gray is so fucking much prettier. Like I wanted to say that because I'm like, no, but like you, you are not gonna Like, you're not above that. Yeah, Yeah. You're not about to say that.


Like you're offended that you look like one of the most beautiful girls ever. Like you're so fucking weird. I I literally wanna smack her in the head and say, no one or no one's told you that. Nevermind bitch, You're Yeah, I was Like. I was floored. I tell you. But I, I think it was really funny that you were talking about like the bleeding Oliver, Elton John's house story. Because you guys wanna know something, I don't know if you know this story, but back in high school, I'm About to get cooked as King Todd. Oh yes. Oh and you deserve to be for this. Back in high school we'd have sleepovers all the time or whatever. And one day she wakes up before me, her dad picks her up and she leaves And, I wake up. I'm like, oh, where's Taylor? Whatever. I go into my bathroom and it's like, it's my personal bathroom.


I go into my bathroom. That's Just so unfair. I have no control over this as well. And. I'm like, why is there like blood on the toilet? Like, I think you have control over that And, I like drip kind of down the side of it. I was like, wait, I'm so no Like I have no, no control over this being told. Right? Oh, I'm so confused. Like, like what? Like who is bleeding? And I'm like, okay. Like obviously girls have periods, whatever. I looked to the side of the toilet. There is a bloody tampon. Bloody ass tampon. Wait, hold on. Sitting on the floor. I just wanna say really She missed the trash can. So You just told me a story about the time you threw a tampon on the floor. Now he's telling me a different story of a time you threw a tampon on the floor. Isn't there a third story about you throwing a tampon on the floor? Like some assistant came out and said she had to pick it up. No Assistant had to ever pick up my tampon off the floor.


No. Was That, was I thinking of the Jordan story then? Prob yes. Like no, I would never do that. I thought to somebody like tried to, And Jordan didn't have to clean that. I was just so blacked out that I know he was like helping me. But I was thinking there was a third story was The tampon tam. Yeah, the tampon. Tampon and Turks. Where I took it out on the beach. And I dug a little hole like a rabbit. But I don't want to Mid argument too. Mid argument takes her fucking, I'm like, ugh. Takes her fucking tampon out mid I, No they're not biodegradable either. They're probably that thing. Probably no Shit. I end still taking it inside after I pulled down. But I don't believe this tam promise. I promise. I promise I have to clean up this tampon myself. 'cause what I'm gonna be like Debra, there's a bloody tampon on my floor. Like no, I had to clean it myself. And I threw up into the toilet instantly.


'cause I was so disgusted. The fact that you kept being my friend is crazy. Like in high school. Like that's terms for termination. The fact That you just dipped out after doing that is what crazy Obviously. I promise you it wasn't on purpose. Like I probably meant to make the trash. Can I also just flush tampons now? Like I. Yeah, I do too. And you know what, like, sorry, the nevermind. Keep going. You know how I always know she's used a bathroom too is 'cause the toilet paper will always be like at the floor. Okay. That goes back to my, my whole type a thing. How the fuck do People, it's always, what do you mean Put it back? I knew, I know you were about to say put it back. No one else is even detaching it from the wall. No, just no it's that my like the, she always comes down and touches the ground, but I don't understand how anyone like Oh and keeps it.


She is the only Person I've seen. What do you pulling it like this? Exactly. She's the only person I've seen in my entire life. I will always Know. It's a two hand task by the way. You pull it and then you hold onto the little roll and you rip it off. Well I just really want someone to say something nice to me. You look amazing. Glitter beautiful as King Tut. It's bringing out your yellow eyes. TANA in bathrooms. They, They're like gold, like gold green. They are kind of yellow. I can't see shit 'cause it's all pink. By The way, I, I'm really sorry about that tampon. And I'm really sad that it's in the same episode as the Elton John tampon because now it's just like, there's no, the Elton John tampon being a real sentence too is just so mad. Lib tampon. Danny, I, I'm I, yeah, I just have nothing say I, there was like this huge controversy online recently because that girl, Natalie Joy, And I don't, I don't know why I said that girl.


She's, I like literally know her. She talked about how she flushes tampons and like the whole internet was like, are you fucking stupid? Like I've never even heard of that. And I'm like, I've never not flushed a tampon. I, I understand if I'm in a place where there's a sign that says not to, I'll follow the rules. Or if I'm somewhere with footy irrigation. Okay, If it look, if it's like the toilet looks like it's like older than like five years old, I will flush it. Or I'll, I'll I'll put it in the, well like, you know what I mean? Like if it's a porcelain toilet, that's like one of the things Like I don't, A toilet is no longer porcelain these days. I, unless it's old Hundred percent will make sure when I'm moving into a house that there is like toto toilets because I'm not, I think it's so gross in the trash can. I Agree Because I would be so disgusted.


Like honestly, like if I went into someone's bathroom, And I saw bloody tampons trash. No, It's trash can, it's more so Like the Smell. She And I. But the smell, Oh I've never, well I mean the smell that I smelled that one time was actually pretty crazy. Well It's, I I'm so Sorry. I know it as the smell of like the girls' bathroom in middle school because that's when like everybody starts their periods. And, I just know. They were like all confused. Oh my god. I'm still that confused. But I will say I do. Okay, so Didn't you just make a TikTok about how you had the blood on the walls and the light switch or something like that? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. You, you know, what's your best friend in that scenario? A magic eraser. You're so right. No, not remove, she's Where do People find the time to get a magic eraser? No, you should have 'em like, you should literally have 'em on your like countertop because that is like a magic eraser can do anything except for remove a spray tan.


Do not do that. you Know that Brooke said that one time on the Cancelled podcast that she uses magic erasers to remove her spray tan and then Lauren Gray did it and she got a chemical burn. Chemical burn. I'm so sorry Lauren. And that was kind of the moment that we realized that holy shit, we can't just be giving advice on this podcast. No, but that Was the lesson to the people never take medical advice from the Cancelled podcast. Not that that's really medical advice. Yeah. You never take any advice from the Cancelled podcast except for earlier when we said don't do drugs. Yeah, Correct. I wanna, can we talk about what I want to talk about? Hell Yeah, we can. Okay guys, the last episode that I was on actually we were talking about how I'm newly single and you're gonna love this shit. So we had broken up like prior to our breakup and we got back together and you being willing To do this dress like this is so awesome.


I was Just thinking the same thing. I'm taking a break from my mustache 'cause it's literally like giving Me a, yeah the wig is really fucking itchy but whatever. And so we, we broke up and then we had a talk that got us back together amongst this talk. I, when we were in Europe, I had noticed that there's this boy that he was following and they were friends, they were coworkers and stuff, but like the guy's good looking and like he's successful and stuff and whatever. I don't know how close they actually are. I've met him like twice and stuff. So it's Like I know. They're not like besties. And so I noticed the way that they were commenting on each other's photos after I like did some stalking and stuff and it was like there's hard eyes and there's just like all this like stupid, like shit, whatever.


But at the same time I'm like, okay, lemme calm myself down. Like they could just be like homies or whatever. So when we have this conversation to like get back together and stuff, I was like, okay, let me just bring this up before it haunts me. And I say I flip. I say, how close are you? And so and so, because I noticed some comments when I was stalking his Instagram. And. I was like stalking your Instagram And I was seeing these comments and it just makes me a little uncomfortable. Yeah, And I feel like it takes a lot to make me uncomfortable clearly. Oh yeah. And he was like, it was kind of like a you're crazy. Like we're just friends, blah blah blah type of thing. But I'm just like, okay, But here's what I want to say. Okay, These Comments, first of all, can you bring up the Valentine's Day comment in specific?


He posted a photo on Instagram and was like, will you be my Valentine? And then that would do it for me. My ex-boyfriend commented on it. Absolutely. Mind you, we spent Valentine's Day together. Like been there. We like had a picnic and stuff and like it was just like And I Understand benefit of the doubt. You were even saying this in a way where you were Like I could just be crazy, you know? And like overthinking. Well It could, like Ari could post something and you could comment on it like Daddy hard eyes. It's like you and Ari are that close as friends and like, do you know what I mean? Like he, he would know, but you Also had it met this guy enough and if you're dating someone for so long and it is their close friend that they're close enough to be commenting like that Amari should have met this person. you know that? Yeah. More than twice. Yeah. Right. And so then I just didn't appreciate that.


In my opinion, he gaslit the fuck out of you. Like you're crazy. That's crazy. Like what? I'm your boyfriend. I've only met this person twice and you guys are commenting on each other's photos like that and he's good looking and he's gay and he's single. Yeah. Yeah. And guys are spending all this time together if you guys have worked together. So then today we still follow each other on Instagram because I gotta stay lurking. Duh. And I see that they're at Like I don't know if they're at like an orchard or a vineyard or something like that together. But he posts something like of them like picking apples or something. And it's like that. That is so fall date coded Like I and your Ex is so the type to do that as a date. Yes. But it's hard too because a couple days prior you posted with your ex Yes.


To stir the pot. Oh I was, I was trying to stir the mother fucking pot. So then was he doing that to stir the pot back? I don't, well he started it by posting practically a fucking nude on his Instagram. Okay. Thirsty at the same time. Oh that was crazy. Like I said last episode I did talk about how I got back on Hinge. Also, my teams have been flooded by the way, with so many Wait, so many, so many turbulent s that are your guys' fans. I don't really respond to them, but I have also gotten a lot of sen impact players DMing me and now I have so many friends that play Sen Impact. So ha ha. You showed us. Can I tell you something though? I talked all that shit about Genian Impact and then the week later I get an ad for a game called Travel Town And I.


Just want to say, this game is ruining my life. It's So funny that you fall victim to like a game ad Like I can't even, I just swipe right out Of it. No, I see the ads. And I download them all the time. I'm really the prime victim for like genuinely gaming ads. That's that's so funny. Like I can't even picture it. But if you think about it, it's very me coded like I'm such a like instant dopamine addict. Whether it's vaping, whether it's alcohol, whether it's gambling, whether it's anything like that. So it like phone games get me so hard, but this game is so fucking stupid. There is. So this is not an ad. Okay. But if you wanna sponsor me, I would love to stop spending my real money on it. They actually did send me some energy in the game because they saw that I posted a TikTok about it.


So Like, I'm trying. That Is so Funny. So nice. I'm trying to stay in good graces. I've spent hundreds of US dollars on it in the past week and I'm literally buying a house. Like, I need that for like the tiles in the kitchen. Like I can't. The whole game, all you do is you sit there and you like merge seashells to make better seashells. There's no purpose, there's no final boss, there's no nothing. It's taking over my life. All I think about is travel town, And I talked all that shit about GenOn Impact. It's like at least I almost wish I was at least playing like a rollercoaster tycoon. Like something where I could like build. you know what, I don't think it's that big of a deal because there are times in your life that you would just sit there and do take a Percocet. You're right, you are right There could be worse, but it's just Like I never thought I'd be 26 dressed as King Tut with a travel town addiction. I thought I'd have two kids.


Like I thought I'd have two kids Any day. Now when is it, when should we start having kids? You think? Oh, I'm thinking about it in terms of Cancelled. Like if I came here And I was like fuck. Like God, by the way, I think now Really? Like If I wasn't afraid of being pregnant, I would already have kids. No I wouldn't. I'm lying. Right? I'm lying. No, I just like am afraid it's gonna like really like knock me down the Like I think You get your driver's license first, right? Yeah. You can't be a soccer mom with no fucking van. Wait, can we just circle back though? It is always the person they tell you not to worry about. Oh, I'm Sorry. I got really Off track. Yes. It's always the fucking person they tell you not to Worry about. And it's so funny because I genuinely like this guy was so unlike people you've dated, I almost felt like you had found like your ma coa in a sense that was so pick me.


I didn't need to say it like that. Well no, but I know what you're saying. Like he was so like nice my Moses guy That like, it was like, oh my God, that's Reflection. Such a nice guy. Even with those comments like in London, when you asked me like, Hey, should I be worried about this? This, I very much said to you that 99% of people you were dating, I would say yes. But this guy is such a Yeah, Anomaly of a good guy. He's nothing like, like any of us. Like no drama, like just so honest. And so it's, it was really shocking for me the Instagram story today. And I want him dead. I'm gonna respond to it later. I don't know if you should respond because then it's also like, what if it reverts back to the whole like we're just friends. Yeah. And then we look cra or we, I'm like, and then you look crazy.


But yeah, I don't know. I do, I I've been feeding into all Bebe's drama 'cause I'm like, you're not gonna do my friend dirty. Oh, I need to have Bebe on to talk about her Bobby Blandino lore. That shit is, I feel like I've been watching a fucking episode of Bad Girls Club with Bebe's Life as of late. But we gotta have her on to talk about it Out. Yeah. She like was selling his Depop, I think. And then she told me that she, she dropped it off at Buffalo Exchange. I didn't know. And now she's getting like these dms about the Depop. It's like such a deeply like rooted. It's just so interesting. Like the many different like moving parts there are of This situation. Oh, we have to have her on to talk about it and just, And like in the dozen of like brown haired, blue-eyed girls who are involved in this situation. Yeah. They all like have the same exact look.


It's such a, it's so nutty. The only Question I will ask, 'cause I know you guys wanna talk about it with Bebe, is were they like, were they dating or seeing Each other? No. It's like, it was definitely a situation that I always find myself in where it's like you are walks like a duck, talks like a duck does not wanna be a duck. Okay. Like, Yeah, he, He was like, they were spending every weekend second together and then she's like, should we date? And he's like, no. It's just hard. 'cause it's like when these boys become famous for being hot, they're going to act accordingly and you always wanna hope that they're not. Yeah. you know what he told one of her other one, one of the other girls, he said that he's afraid of Bebe because he's afraid we're gonna talk about him on the Cancelled podcast. I'm like, humble yourself. And here I am talking With A fucking mustache on my cheek.


Look at us Right now. Yeah. I It's nothing against them as people. Like I. No. It's just like, you don't, it's kind of one of those things. It's like if you're gonna go for a TikTok, boy you have to, You have to know 100% Like. I. I think they're so fun. I have them at my parties, whatever, but I just, I want Bebe to find someone for Dude Bebe. Correct. Correct me though. 'cause all her cha characters are so different. Like she'll call me and she'll be like, spikes is on the phone on the, the other line. And I'm like, who the fuck is Spikes? Well she was just had her stepmom era too. Like they had the guy had a 3-year-old stepmom Guy. She had spikes. Had a guy who she, she saw for like two years and then told me that he lives in a shed. Holy Fuck. We need to have her on and unpack all that. Yes, we really do.


Because I just fucking love her so fucking much. The after the show in Seattle, Portland. Portland. It was so funny. We had like a big dinner table rented out and this big back room 'cause we thought everyone was coming and then you fucking, you don't come, everyone doesn't come. So it's just like five of us at this big ass dinner table. And they gave us a speaker 'cause it was like the back room of this restaurant and Bebe's playing Lana Delray sobbing at the head of the table. Like so main character. I forget, she on the waitress was like, about that time she was like, how do you want your steak? She Really does have so many characters too. I remember for a period of time, like when Paige was Like, I, think it was Paige that was on Raya or whatever. And she would say like, there was like every single boy that she like had like interest in or whatever. It was always like, the one friend in common was bbb.


Oh, Always. I always, When I was on Hinge, it was every single photo. Like, like by Be Bald. I almost thought she had someone else doing it for her. Dude, I'm Like I have the time, but I'm not kidding. She'll be hinging at the wheel. I'll look over, I'm like, am I in danger? That is hard. She hilarious. Is so amazing. I love her. Yeah, I love her More than anything in the world. I really do. And I know Bebe's gonna find the right guy. And I'm so excited for the wedding. Like, you know what I mean? I just, I Am, she would be the best. Like she, she is the best girlfriend to me. Aw. Yeah. Bebe is awesome. I wanna Talk about Smile. The fucking movie. Have you seen it? No. You need to go. I Saw the first one I had. So you need to Like I Did smile too.


The girl in the second one. I, I saw the trailer. And. I was like, someone should get ahead of it with this girl because she's about to pop off. She ate down. It is one of the best scary movies I have seen. Like a modern day scary movie in so long, like in my really, and it's, they're definitely gonna make a third one. It is like, so has the potential to be like, this generation's like scream or you know what I mean. Like it's really, I I had, I have a hard time with skiing movies sometimes Smile really fucking freaked me out. The first smile, I actually left the premiere because I Remember that I went to the premiere and it's in one of those like bougie theaters where all the seats like lay's bed. So there's only like 15 people and it's all like influencers, right? And. I have a really fucking serious problem where I scream at jump scares.


So obnoxiously I cannot help it. Like. I cannot hold it in. Even if I take a little like zany or get high, try to calm myself down. It's still, I'm screaming at the top of my lungs. And we're in this premiere with like Lauren Gray and like 15 other influencers. Lauren Gray Catching three references episode. She's like, leave me alone. This is now the Lauren Gray Episode. No, but I couldn't stop screaming. And it was so like other influencers were like laughing at me. So I left the premiere. And I was like, this is too embarrassing. Literal. I thought it was because they didn't have alcohol. No, we On our own. That was A different one. We post made it our own Way. Wait, yeah. And I. Remember Natalie like brought in like seven bottles one time? Yeah. No, that was the same premiere. I was sober at the time, but that was everyone else's issue. Oh, okay. But, so I ended up watching the End of Smile one on my own time and then we went to see Smile two Brooke Get this.


Okay. First of all, smile has always like, it really like is one of those movies that freaks me the fuck out. Like after seeing it, I don't want anyone to smile at me ever. Like it's like just very scary. Like, it's like, Yeah. Like that's so scary. Okay. Anyways, we go in and the plot line of this movie is like, she's a touring singer. Okay. She's a touring singer. We we're two days off of tour. She's like in her green rooms, like doing so many things that like we do. And she goes to like pick up from a drug dealer. Obviously I've been in so many places of life like this. Okay. No longer now, but, and then he ends up infecting her with the smile like disease and I'm gonna like spoil it a little.


But she like, essentially it's like once someone smiles at you and Yeah. That's how the first one was. Right? Dies In front of you with the smile, you're infected and like that's how it like spreads. And she ends up like going on stage with it at the very end and infecting everyone. Wow. Sleep. Wow. That like literally just got me, I did not sleep like at all the next night. Like it is such a fucked up movie. It's insane. And it was like just so close to like Like. I'm sitting there And, I'm like, there's no fucking way. This is the plot. Like we're one day off tour and that's the fucking plot. Yeah. That's crazy. And like the meet and greet scene, The meet that re that circles me back to my stalker. Okay. There's a meet and greet scene where like a fan comes up with a smile and now I'm gonna be like if one, and it's so fucked up too.


After we were leaving the theater, the janitor looks at me and he goes, did you enjoy the movie? Like did it to me. And I was like, oh my God, I don't Be, you don't Do that. I can't. And then he told me I looked like Alex Cooper and asked me if I host caller daddy. So there's that. I'm Like I. Don't I wish I did. She's serving by the way, the fucking SNL everything. I love Alex Cooper. Anyways, I'm circling fully back to just creepy people at the meet and greet. you know, my stalker and you know his lore, you know everything about this man, And. I always say that he like comes and waves, right? Yeah. Like he'll stalk the fuck outta me and do a bunch of crazy shit. And then he'll like chill out for a co like couple months and then he'll be like right back. Right? And so the other night after our show at dinner, Amari opens his phone and he's like, Mr.


Stalker just dmd me. And like he doesn't DM you often. Yeah, I, I get like the least of it 'cause I'm not, I get the least of it 'cause I'm like not a girl. Wait, what happened to your hair? It was getting really itchy. I've had it on for some time. I Know I keep wanting to take my mustache off, but I'm afraid of being clipped with, I'm wearing, wearing this till three days from now. Yeah, you look cozy. So he's DMing Amari, which usually to me is a flag and a sign that that means he's going to ramp up again. Right. Like when he starts reaching out to the friends and like whatever. So I go to his dms and he dms me like every single day as if we're having full conversations. And I've always said Like I don't block him. I don't follow him back. I don't engage at all. And obviously even talking about it, I know Yeah. Could be good or bad, but whatever.


Honestly, I have someone sitting outside my house with a Glock nine right now. So Sure do. And I saw him pull it out when I pulled up. Yeah. Really? Yeah. 'cause there was a crazy outside and he was like, they were literally like having a standoff And I was like, Hey I'm so I told, I thought I told you that. That's like full Glock in here. And he's like, Hey sweetie, You're just like mustache on my, He was a, he was a crack head so it was like fine. Yeah. The cracks are not as scary to me as my stalker, right? Yeah. But so anyways, I go to my dms with my stalker and he'd been DMing me all day. But do you wanna get this Brooke? You And I. When we walked into our green rooms at the show, at the, the first day in LA we look in our green rooms and there's flowers and they let us know that those are flowers from a fan.


They were beautiful. They had photos of us attached. They were silk flowers, Peppa flowers, whatever. My stalker responds and says, happy to see you got the flowers. No that can't be right 'cause the girl who owns the company messaged me about it. Right. I remember s saying These are from a fan. There were real flowers and then there were a set of fake flowers. I wonder if they were from different, 'cause each of us got two bouquets. I do remember Seth saying like, these are from a fan. Yeah. And the, she tagged us in it and was Like I. I figured you'd want these colors 'cause your apartments this color. So I think they weren't from him. Maybe he sent different flowers and thought you got those. I don't know.


I'm just, I fear we're in the season. He always waits till this time of year too. Yeah. He also wants proceed to tell me happy birthday. And mind you, like he hasn't messaged me in like months. Like. I'm sure he probably messages the girls, but he really leaves me alone for the most part. Can you show me his thing? I wanna see if he messages me. What does he say to you? Why does Tan? Well Sometimes he calls me ugly and it's so funny because it's like my own damn stalker. He messaged me the other day and he was like looking a little pale. Oh shit. It's like you're stalking me. You stalking me? What do you mean looking a little pale? Like if, if you think he'll be like looking a little tired. Wait, Why do you kind of He said I posted that I wanted a baby 'cause I was with a baby and he said the things we ask for on the internet when we have wheeling donors.


Oh Great. Aw man. Gotta block him. Don't block him. Which is so Scary during, during Halloween. 'cause imagine him like at a party in costume Michael Myers. Oh my God. It is so fucking scary. Like it's, he's just so fucking scary. I was showing Maco more photos of him the other day 'cause Maco was tripping after the flowers. And I'm just Like I wish so badly. He was like the body type that I could take. Like he's just a big burly ass man. Yeah, that's spooky. Takes a couple of us. I'm watching, I'm watching the Zodiac Killer like three episode thing right now and it's fucking me up. It's so scary. That is like, just like whatever. Well I mean. I feel like we should move over to the Patreon, but I just wanna say this is my favorite look we've all ever had.


Love Love it. We love you. Aaron Thank you for also being Elvis. Oh baby Elvis. We put him to bed. Yeah, we put baby Elvis to bed. But I love you guys so much by the way. I just wanna say if I was weird on today's episode. So my doctor changed my Adderall prescription. Oh, to what? Well It's not that. It's like, you know how the shortages are? Yeah. So like the ones I always get like weren't available and so I picked up these other ones like prescribed to me. But what kind? They're white squares. Oh. Which Is so weird. A square. Adderall. And. I. He's given me these before. And. I just, I remember I took it one time to edit And. I Never took it again. 'cause I felt so Is it Adderall though? It's not like Ritalin. It's, It's like generic for Adderall. Like it's one of those, you know what I mean?


But I took it Today. Isn't that just like amphetamine salts? Yes. But it, it wasn't just those like obviously it's a white square. It's weird as fuck. I took it today and I'm touring houses and I'm having to like hold the walls while I walk. Like my spatial awareness has been so fucking hot. Maybe that's what happened with the tampons. I'm done. That's how I'm ending the episodes. I'm acting Weirdest because I can't smile. I just, I feel a little weird and off today. But I can't express to you enough. Being Tricia Pet's King Tot was the highlight of my year. Me too. But I Kind of matched like Moses' energy. 'cause I feel like he doesn't like, he doesn't like crack up laughing much. That's true. He's always just like admiring. He's very matter of fact. Yeah. And only speaks when spoken to Way there are tunnels under la Zach Bryan is on Raya.


You Should ask Paris Hilton about those tunnels. Yeah, that's a good one. Think that'd Be a good person to ask. That's a good one. Oh my god. I'm supposed to see her tonight. Oh, And. I'm dressed like King Tut. We gotta go. Let's go over to Patreon and talk her shit. Oh Shit. Whatcha you supposed to do with her? She has like an event. Oh. I guess the makeup's kind of Paris. Yeah. The makeup. At least you're like in glam. The glam in question. Oh fuck. Okay, we gotta go. We'll be on the Patreon talking our shit. We love you guys Cancelled. I love you guys. Thanks for having me.