
Lowe's knows you want to get even more value for the holiday. That's why as a My Lowe's Rewards member, you get new member deals on holiday decor tools and more. And you earn points when you shop. More points equal more rewards to help you save on holiday and more. Not a member. Join for free today at lows.com/my Lowe's Rewards because Lowe's knows deals, programs, subject to terms and conditions points are awarded on eligible purchases. See lows.com/terms for full details subject to change,


A family favorite for three decades. The Bull Run Festival of Lights dazzles with two and a half miles of sparkling holiday lights. See more than 600 light displays with new displays added every year. Drive the festival route from the comfort of your car. Turn off your headlights and just follow the magical glow ooh and a as you drive through the winter wonderland where it's always snowing. And see the tallest light display yet extend the magic of the holidays. Visit early starting November 15th. Get your tickets at Bull Run festival of lights.com.


Hello And, welcome back to The Cancel The Cancel podcast. Hi Jeffrey. Hi y'all. How Are ya? Oh my God. Hi, how are ya? Yes, I needed it so bad. We, we really needed this. I am so happy. It's like just seeing you makes me really feel a type of way. It transports me to a really different time of my life. I love that. Having you as a guest. This is so iconic. I really love this one. Oh, I love this. Me too. No. So when, when right when she said that, it triggers really good memories, I think maybe people look at us and they may think craziness, drama right away, but when every time we were together it was always positive energy. So positive. We filmed the funniest videos. All we did was laugh the entire time.


So it definitely brings me back to really good times. Brings me back to good times because I was a fan at that time. So I feel Like I was like, And it was so cool Time, like looking like, you know, you just think you know everything when you're young like that. Yeah. And it's Like I definitely was that. But looking back, it's Like. I was Like I had no money yet. And I'm like this little Make-A-Wish child coming over to Jeffrey Starr's house and Jeffrey's dressing me head to toe in Gucci. And I'm playing with all the pinball machines and Yeah, Roaming around. Rest in peace on one job. I'm kidding. I'm Kidding. And all the pomeranians and just like you really? Oh my God, I was saying this fun. I can't breathe. I'm sorry. Me just Blazing over.


No, but what's crazy is, in that time I was newly rich. Ooh. 2013. 2013 I had $500. 2015, $50 million. So it's just like, that's too crazy. That is so crazy. And then I just kept going and going, going and growing and going and going. And it, you know, it was a really wild ride. So Tana met me when I was in love for the very first time in a brand new house, just figuring out who the new me was. And it was so cool to be around people that didn't give a fuck, that knew just how to have fun and didn't take me that serious. 'cause I'm so sarcastic. And I. Think people misinterpret all the time. Fucking idiots. I love it. I know know. She said that before You too. She's like, we're the only two who have never had any sort of beef or anything.


She's like, that's just good's. Yeah. Almost like this. People may think that we've had drama, maybe we haven't seen each other in a while. People do get confused. No one knows the real truth about, I wouldn't know any, any of the past. I had to live it. So sadly I remember it all. But me and her I mean we need, you have great refreshers. You never forget. And I. Love that. 'cause I'm so the opposite. I'll call you and just be like, wait, what happened again? Like, whose drama, Photographic memory. It's so great. Yeah. But Like I. I genuinely feel like at the time it was like a whirlwind like drama get and everything was happening around us and everyone had beef. you know what I mean? Except for you and me. We never did And I. She came, it was a bonding point. Wendy Williams, rest in peace. She's still alive, but still rest in peace to her show. Shoot cam. I know. Shoot Cam Clap if they, what did she say? Clap if they should die. Clap if, clap If they should suffer.


Oh fuck. I was close. Oh, you know what my first like random thought was today? Yes. That I just like genuinely want to know like, when is the last time you spoke to Shane Dawson? Oh my God. I was Like. I was expecting a way crazier question. Oh yeah. I thought that was a cr such a crazy Question. I, I was waiting for Like. I was like, what is Tana's very first question. Yes. That's a really good one. Well, I'm, this is the foreplay. you know, before we Start really fucking, of course I mean listen, right now I can't believe that the conspiracy palate is about to turn five years old this week. I just used it the other day and My hair actually. That's so cool. Yeah. So I don't know when this is coming out, but Right. It's, it's, it's in the fall and it literally came out in November 1st and then five years just blinked.


Right? Yeah. Me and him, we were both Cancelled. Can't even remember why that time the pandemic happened. He moved to Colorado. I moved to Wyoming. We both kind of left la Mm. He lives here again. I'm never coming back. He lives here Again. Yeah. I did not know that. Yeah, he's raising It even when he had his kids. Yeah. I didn't know that. So he became a father. I have continued to just be a makeup mogul. And I have no plans to have any kids. Just more dogs and a couple more husbands and athletes. Yes. We're in la I can't wait for this to be over so I can go get fucked. Oh my God. And Michael, stop. What are you just kidding? Not me. What you fucking tonight? I'm not kidding. Meaning I don't wanna leave here. I'll ask him how many Super Bowls he's won. Then we'll stop. And that's how many rounds you'll go?


I'm, Yeah. If there's not a Super Bowl ring on the hand, I can't get hard. Yours. That's so inspirational. Yeah. Somebody clipped up. Please. But we haven't seen each other probably in like 10, 11 months. Yeah. We saw each other at my birthday last year and then he became a father. He has twins. That's so, wait, How old old are they? Have you met the twins? Not yet. That is so Crazy. I know. 'cause I thought he was gonna stay in Colorado. And I was like, baby, I'm about to be, you know, great Aunt Jeffrey Lynn. And then he moved to LA to raise the kids here. And. I haven't seen him in a couple months. So I can't imagine coming back to LA to raise kids. I feel like you leave LA to raise kids. Yeah. It's nuts. That's right. That's what I thought. Thought leaving LA was the best thing you ever did. Yes. And you were so ahead of the wave. Everyone was so almost confused.


And now Wyoming is a trend And it's like, yeah, They think it is. Oh, so Wyoming, I'm December is my, so what drew you to Wyoming? My four years of living there now. Just picture. Four years. Isn't that crazy? Stop. It's so crazy. You and the ax. I have so many questions I'll get there. How many La I was really burnt out 20 years from, you know, I'm from Huntington Beach, California. I graduated high school at 17. And I. Moved here. And I just figured it out. I worked at the Beverly Center. And. I was a S score. That's crazy. I was the hooker. I've done, I've been a makeup artist for everybody. So it was crazy to finally leave and separate. But I think that all the drama with all the people in the crazy YouTube era was really like the final straw for me of like, all this is so toxic.


I really want to go be at peace away from it all. I can work and come back whenever I want, but I don't want to be around any of that. Yeah. Fuck the hair gum. Fuck it All hundred percent. All of it. It was all so crazy. And I. Think when the pandemic happened. Remember that old lady Tati? Remember her? I love this. She uploaded a second video, which is now about to, you know, be five years old. And I After. Bye sister. Bye Sister is such a diabolical title too. Like imagine really typing that and hitting publish. It's a Bye. It's a really wild journey. And I. Think a lot of people just know a lot of like half truths. And, I think, you know, we lived it so we really know the behind the scenes and there was so many, there's so many things that people don't need to know that happened before.


It's all to me, I don't wanna say it's irrelevant because so many people still talk about it. Mm. It's really wild. Right? It was a cultural Like. I. Remember where I was? It was like, oh wow. The YouTube era made on CNN 50 million views on every, it was just, it was the craziest thing. YouTube And everyone who loved it, YouTube felt like it was YouTube. YouTube loved it. They loved pushing out toxicity, they loved making money off of everyone's misery. They did The old C percent CEO at the time really pandered to a lot of that evil energy in the darkness. Susan. Yeah. Rest in peace. Did she die? She did. Yeah. It was probably from her James Charles Karma. But anyway, yeah. So carried The four, subtract the two. Yeah. And there's just a lot of things that people don't know that I had to really just suffer through behind the scenes.


So it's crazy to be here where I am now. And what, It's very weird. I'm really mentally happy. And I moved to Wyoming. And I went to therapy. I sought a lot of mental health. And I really worked on myself for years, so So you're Just gonna say I saw a lot of that. So a lot of, A lot the country boys. Oh my God. So Wyoming is the least populated state. Really? Really? Yeah. But it's the 10th biggest. And is that what drew you? Like, did you have any roots or history in Wyoming? Or what was, what was the start where you were like property value money? I think so the, the rumor is that I moved there for taxes. Like girl, I've lived Kanye in California for, so Yeah. And Kanye, remember that the girl that lick the toilet seat on TikTok made up the biggest rumor. Ava Louise. Yeah. She's so good at that though.


So Ava, if you are watching this Thank you for that moment, that was really great. The, the so many millions and millions of views, dollars followers. That was really fun. And you played it so well and still people believe it. I've met strangers and they're like, oh yeah, you, Have you ever talked to Kanye about it? No. Never. That's surprising. Yeah. But we've just, it was such a bizarre rumor. Yeah. And I'm like, And I. Wish it was about someone hotter, you know, and someone that didn't have a wife and kids. Yeah, That's fair. That is fair. But, but Wyoming is peaceful. It's beautiful. Remember I used to do music. And I do music now. We just had a whole fucking reunion a couple weeks ago. It was crazy. That's so fun. It was really fun. But I used to do music And. I've traveled all over the country. Right. I've been to every single state. And I passed through Wyoming.


A bunch. We played there once. It was just so peaceful. And I had a plan when I was older with gray hair and like 60 years old. I was gonna live on a big old farm and just be by myself. And then the pandemic and all the drama made me realize I wanted to fast track that plan. That's really what it's about. It's about money. Yeah. I've paid so, so many tags, dollars in this state. It's annoying that people would think that I would move to a different state to escape tax dollars. Girl, you have all the money In the world. That's so silly. I didn't Even think that's that offensive though. I'm like, yeah. Yeah. But I just hate when people always make it about financial. Yeah. I think maybe 'cause I'm a living, I don't think you needed really help in that department to be honest. I know. And it's just, I really did it for my mental health. So we're four years in. I'm And it worked.


Yeah. And I'm raising camels and Tibetan yaks and it's just the craziest cool experience.


Thanks so much to SeatGeek for sponsoring this video. You guys have used my code so much that SeatGeek wanted to hook you up with a new special offer. Everyone can use my new code Cancelled 10 for 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek. Whether you're a new customer or not. Concert season is back artists like Sabrina Carpenter, Tate McCray, Charlie XCX, and Noah Connor on tour. And you already know that SeatGeek is the best place to get tickets. I'm excited to see Sabrina Carpenter in person in one of her new shiny outfits. No matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before Cancelled 10 is gonna get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code Cancelled 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now. Because this offer is only available for a limited time. Thank, you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


What's the day in the life in Wyoming? It's so different. So let's say like we're here, or I'm, we were in Vegas last week with the Crazy Warp Tour reunion. Oh my God. Real text from Jeffrey Vegas had me. Yeah, that was so fun. She goes, you have to hear these voice memos. And that was the first one. It was, I was like, Every time I get a voice memo from You, there's nothing like It. I feel Like I should have to pay like a dollar 99 for it Thank you like it's, it's norm. It's Not real. So when I'm living this crazy life and I'm on the road, or I'm doing podcasts or I'm at the Crazy Warp tour reunion, or I am, whatever I'm doing, I'm, I feel like I'm doing a, a job, but I'm still me. And then I go to Wyoming, And I, just take it all off and I'm in my cowboy boots just staring at a mountain, a thousand acres to myself.


And it's just like so peaceful. Is it Actually just you? Yeah. That's crazy. So I have a ranch manager, And. I have a house manager that's, you know, there's someone that watches my dogs 24 7 while I'm, you know, when I'm not in town. How many do you have now? Seven. Oh yeah, Seven. Is it still all the D names All Ds? Yeah. What are they? Well, rest in peace. My oldest passed away last year. Oh, I'm sorry. 15 years old Diva Land. Which diamond or diva? Diva. Diva. Diva. Oh my God. That was so hard. So hard. I can't imagine. So currently we have Drizzle Donatella Drama, dessert, dominatrix and Di DaVinci. Those Are the best names I've ever heard. DaVinci. So And, I, AMM forgetting one. And. I. I just can't believe Forgetting one's.


So funny. I get how that could happen if I woke up tomorrow at Jeffrey. No, it's delicious. I'm not forgetting one. I was just, I had to go through the colors of my delicious. If I woke up tomorrow, it was Jeffrey Star's Pomeranian. I wouldn't ask a single question. Yeah. I would be like, bring me my caviar. Let's get it pushing. I just love animals way more Than humans. So what's up with the camels? I didn't even know that. I'm, Have I started with Yaks? Yes. And I. Think a lot of people were upset when I moved to Wyoming. And I was like, Hey, these are my cute little pets. And they are, but they do grow to be very massive. And. I went from three yaks to like 10. And now I have 500 And I 500 And Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I. Three to 10 to 500. I even have, my junk problem with my brain is I always, it's giving $5 to 50 million. And, I, And, I Al I for some reason, I always make everything to a business And.


I don't mean to, I just kind of make everything business oriented. So I, that's My favorite thing about you. So I was traveling in Colorado, the state right below it. Right. And this lady served us yak meat. And I was like, okay, I've heard it. Yaks great in China and Pakistan. Yak meat is, it's, it's the healthiest red meat you can currently have in America. Right. I didn't know anything about it. What does it Taste like? It's like a sweeter beef. It's so yummy. It's not gamey at all. That's our biggest question. Yes. And we sell jerky snacks sticks like, like crack on the TikTok shop. People are buying Yeah. People are buying yak on TikTok shop. Yeah, they are. Oh shit. I wanna, the fact that like things we imagine telling a Victorian child, Like I sell yak meat on TikTok shop Yes. With mascara. So I created the concept a year ago of the Jeffrey Star store makeup and meat.


And we opened up a seven. My two favorite things, if I like, if I have to keep it a buck, like Same. So if you wanna try Jeffrey's meat, you can come to Casper so bad. Or our newly open location in Chatsworth right here. I I need to come to Wyoming. You And I have been talking about that for like five years. I wanna do an YouTube YouTube Video where I just, you gotta, it's so fun. Live the fantasy. I would love to. So I wanted to do, you know, as a makeup artist and someone that used to work in the malls as well, you always see women come in the store and their husbands or boyfriends immediately wanna die. They're so bored. They don't know anything and they don't care and they're not interested. So they usually end up waiting around the store outside or just being on their phone. Cheating that part. My phone just went off. So I decided to create The word cheating in your phone goes off like that's somebody's husband.


Settings is texting me. So I created the concept to sell my entire brand, the skincare, the makeup, and all the yak meat. So we sell frozen meat, we sell jerky, we sell snack sticks, we sell summer sausage. All of it. So Hickory Farms is outta Business. Yes. There's taxidermy to look at. There's things to play with. So when the ma the wives are getting mascara, the husbands can go try some jerky. That's So smart. And It's really cool. And then I also have some of my cart collection in there. It's like a museum. It's 7,000 square feet. We We Have to go. So the dudes I At least need to see it. Yeah. It's really cool. It's in the heart of downtown. We have the best spot. So the husbands get to look at the cart collection, taste the jerky, and their wives can shop and, and They wanna come back and more money.


They all have a good, good experience. That's so smart. So the yak turned into pets and they're still my pets. And I breed them for genetics and pet Just of one. Sassy. We might make 'em a burger. The mean ones go to the freezer. Don't you wish that was like the beauty community. Yeah. So bad. I know, I know. But we, but we wouldn't, we wouldn't even want that meat. You Were at all, you were cracking me the other day when you were and I'm so I do. I but I have to get messy. Jeffrey Stars here. I don't give a fuck. When you were coming at Mikayla saying she had a t moot spray tan. I damn near past out. I needed air. Like, and, and so because I'm Team Moose, like spray tan. So coated. But like, you're just so funny. Yeah, But you are But you look like a normal human skin tone. Thank.


you she her I mean literally. Look at this though. Literal her spray tan though. No, don't. Please don't show him that. It looks like you stepped in oil though. Like a, like a, Maybe you have like a good Jeffrey Star remover babe or Something. We do our makeup. A moving bong. Don't say, I think my problem is, is what started it is that Mascara gate, right? Yeah. That was a year ago. And I can understand. 'cause obviously we were Conversing on should we get down and dirty about this? 'cause this only happened a couple days ago. Yeah. I am down to talk about it. And I. I haven't really Talked. I can understand how that would piss you off though, in such a visceral way as someone who has been, you are known for being genuinely honest about quality of product and not scamming your followers and no one else is. And Like I know all of that. I see these people. My main issue was, is a year ago, well first of all, we all know that I stepped down m like 10 years of doing beauty content.


I basically quit YouTube. Right? I barely upload. Please come back. What? It was somewhere where I really found home And I really think drama get and whatever everyone wants to call it really was the final straw for me of Like. I really want to remove myself. That's when something makes you hate something. You love that Part. Yes. So when I went to TikTok, I wasn't fully immersed in it. 'cause remember during the pandemic I was like, Nope, we're still a full YouTube everyone. You don't wanna let go of that too. It's such a Like, no, but I also, I felt as I was getting older, I didn't wanna make content that I didn't enjoy I Agree and people were just dancing all day. Mm. The dances, Rene War, And I have never done Like I Did the WP like Babe dance back then I never did a dance. I never did this little skit.


I never did choreography with anyone. Mm. And I just felt like, wow, this is where social media is at. I've been online for 20 plus years, like 10th grade till right in the second. Yeah. And I was not inspired. I was so bored of the dancing. So as the app started to evolve into more beauty and more content and fun lip syncing stuff and quick beauty transitions, I was like, oh, who's on this space? And I had heard of her. Obviously I knew who she was. We had spoken before. And I think it's the integrity of the app that people don't care about the integrity anymore. I think that's really to the core of it, of what's shocking to me. Yeah. The audience knows she's a liar, doesn't care. And they like watching the train wreck. And I'm sure she does have hardcore fans that do believe her and buy the stuff that she's saying is great.


Yeah. It Would've never slid back in the day. Like remember when Jacqueline Hill had hair in her lipstick and it's over. People were like Actually dying. They wanted her to die. Yes. They, they literally wanted to to cancel her forever. So it's Crazy when and now it's like everyone can do anything. Yes. Yeah. So when the mascara thing happened, it inspired me to get back to full-time reviewing. And I've never let up since that, that video. And I. And I've just been inspired ever since. And I love TikTok. I like that. I can film it myself. Remember Christian, my video guy, we love him. So we still we're about to see him this week finally. Yay. Yay. But I don't have a videographer anymore. I don't film YouTube videos that need to be edited for hours. you know, I I film a review. And I move on And I. It's Fun. No one will ever review product like you. Yeah. Because I feel like you're unbiased probably because very, I feel like you're not money motivated because you've got it.


I feel like, like the beauty community, especially like you make so much more money in makeup videos Yes. Than any other, And, and McKayla obviously, I don't know her exact dollar amount, but I know the brand deals I was getting And I know what it's worth now. And it's astronomical. And if the typical viewer knew how much money she was making off of telling the truth or lying, they would really throw up in their mouth. Yeah. So I was very offended by the lack of integrity and the not acknowledging it. I really think that her and L'Oreal had a deal, or whether she lied or I mean. We all know she lied. She put on a false lash Ardell whiskey. Never What was the approval process? But she never acknowledged it. And I think L'Oreal got a really great viral moment and they were thankful for it. Whether it was staged or not. We'll never know.


I've asked her in a DM to respond to me of how it happened. She refused to respond to that. Looking back a year later. The mascara's great. She didn't need to lie and she didn't need to put on the falsey. And whether it was a marketing scheme or she actually got caught in a lie, we'll never know because she won't acknowledge it. Oh. So the other day, so I do livestream on TikTok now let's talk about that. Yeah. Okay. I need to know because I be scrolling a lot. And I see a lot of people hating on other creators. Me. So She of people I just have, I gotta put this out on the record. Let's hear It bitch. Come on. Apologize. Here's come. Well here's what I'm gonna say. Okay. I it is And I stand on this. Seeing Jason Ash Panhandle was maybe one of the highlights of my year. H Hilarious.


The trajectory of the, you know, cheers to the fall of the Dough brick alumni. Right? Yeah. It is wild. For as a viewer to see someone that was so far up David's ass just sit on TikTok in their kitchen. Yes. And you know, obviously Like, hi. Yeah. And it, it's just, it's it's all insane. And I. Stand on that And I. See I just see so many people who have like Flo do you now resorting to that? Yeah. But then I open my fucking for you page and there's Ms. Jeffrey Lynn in a battle with four people in middle America. Yep. So clearly there's something we're missing And, I need to know what it is. Dive and I'm dive wait. Dive because now I'm like, did I fuck up? Did I go too far against this? My God, you're doing it.


If you're doing it. Some people are gonna start. Am am I missing out on a business opportunity? Like suddenly I want a galaxy. So You, that's only $10. But no. Have you seen me? I've been tipping you. It's my new Bit. It's so fun. I've been going in Jeffrey's live. So let's deep dive into it real fast. Yes. Yes. Why do you think, before answering any questions about me, why do you think people are so triggered by Jason? And, and make a joke of it. I, I feel neither way. I think it's funny. There's no, it doesn't matter. There's 60 year olds that cook on livestream and they're making a lot of money, I think. And that feels wholesome to me. Yes. That's, it's no, that's no longer Funny. But here's here, but I'm gonna answer a question even though I asked her the question. I'm gonna answer it. So fucked up. Only Child and Scorpio. No, I love it.


I love it. And 80% Sociopath and save me from answering Like I love. 80%. 80%. Yeah. I'm like 20, 30, 40. So the problem is he doesn't do anything. Yeah, that's What I was gonna say. If you're cooking, it's one thing. Yes. You're begging children to swipe their parents' cards and and They are Children and all of the things that he's done wrong over the years. It's no, You do literally have to be 18 or up to gift. Really? Oh, rats. You do. Whether Yes you do. Can they tell though? No. Well, I've been 18 since like 11 on like MySpace. I can't breathe. But I think the problem is, I I am an internet dinosaur. So my logic, because people are ju you know, majority people get it.


'cause I'm an e-commerce store. So my TikTok page minus all the fun lip syncs and makeup reviews. I am a e-commerce store. Right. So when I go live, a lot of the times I am selling products for hours. QVC is what our parents used to watch when we were little kids. They'd turn it on. There was some old ladies showing off a diamond bracelet, right. For 79 99. Absolutely. Diamond and, and or the face cream and the Mary Kay and all that. So now it's TikTok. And if anyone's making fun of me, they're a fucking fool because this is the future of beauty. 100%. So we will get into the battling and what else the app has to offer. Yes. But I, at the core of what I do, people don't know. 'cause there there's new people that are gonna watch that. Maybe not, don't know who I am. Everyone knows who you are. And TikTok is, I was trying to be modest.


Fuck No Humility here, but like it's really, people are there. There's I mean 3 million people go live a day. Mm. And there's millions and millions of people. Yeah. Whether they have one viewer or 10,000, that app is booming. Damn. That's crazy. And they make so much money off these craters. Mm. But we are a store. So when I'm live selling, whether I'm with a co-host or I'm by myself, I mean people are ordering. I give really crazy discounts that you're never gonna see on my site. I was in there Last night, Like Instagram, he's handing out free pallet. Yes, yes. Buy a pallet, get a pallet free. And we, it's only for that five hour moment. One time a week, you gotta fucking be there or you're not gonna get it. Mm. And there's a, a lot of people that don't even watch my tiktoks don't know we do deals. So it's a niche market, but it's massive.


The money is there. It's huge. We sell products. We are the number one or two beauty store this week. Number one again, yay. On the number one app in the world. You make the best products as well. I'm so proud of It. At the end of the day, you make the best makeup. Yes. So then let's, let's, let's switch to, I'm also an in an internet character. I've been around for a long time. I want to learn everything just like the YouTube and the beauty world. I fucking immersed myself. And I took that bitch over. So I'm like, okay, what are the daily ranks? What are people doing? Mm. People will do a six hour face paint on TikTok. They'll battle for 12 hours. There's, I have a Friend. What is a battle? Should have asked that before. I, I Jason Nash. I dunno if I completely understand. So yes.


So I live for you. So uninvolved. So when people, I, I don't get called a panhandler 'cause I'm a, I'm a real business And. I show people how to make money on the app. And it's really great. You can really make, make a really good income. Right. My friend's mom cooks All day come, oh Shit. And she makes money just cooking. Instead of working, you know, as an insurance agent, she now makes way more money. Five times the amount per month. People are watching her cook and gifting and engaging with her. And her chat really loves her. And people really engage and they come view you every day. I probably go live four or five times a week. People look forward to it. It's entertaining. Mm. What do I do on live? I'll make bacon in the morning. Mm. And make $50,000 I mean. So fucking entertaining. There's money there. Yes.


$50,000 Is there like as, as $50,000 alive? Well, so I, so that's why I'm gonna say whether people wanna say I'm a, well I I don't get called a panhandle it. I think that the problem You're not giving panhandle. No. I think If we were to do it, we might be panhandling because we don't have a business that, like, we're not driving people to buy from our business the way that he is. you know what I mean? So it's like, if we were to do it, we're not making $50,000. Well Or close. But you can, are you making that in sales or in gifting? Both. Oh, it, it depends. So there's sometimes where I don't know. No, no. There's some times where I don't sell at all and I'll just make bacon in my kitchen, in my bathrobe, in my little slippers. Mink Louis. And I was waiting for it.


And I was, I knew it was going we'll just hang out and I'll just chat and I'll do a q and a and I'll just talk about my Vegas trip and what I did and dah dah dah dah. And people will gift and support. But I'm also known as one of the biggest gifters on the app. So if you deep dive and open up the live, everyone has a gifter badge number by their name. So I'm not in, we all know I, I give back and I've been giving back since the day I was blessed to ever have a dollar. Right. So I support small creators. I'll go in and I'll drop $5,000 on someone that's sleeping in their car on live and Like I love to give back. You always have. Always. So the battling world is really interesting. So what what I'm getting at is I can cook bacon, I can do a, so I also do my makeup reviews live. So all the, all the tiktoks you see I film those live These brands.


I just know they're Shaking. They imagine. Oh they do. I tag them every, the Milani CEO has their asshole clin, they sit there. Yes. No they do. Yes. Yeah, yeah. They sit there. I was reviewing Rare Beauty last month. Selena Gomez came in the chat and she sent me her first ever gifts. I was like, you know, it was sickening. Yeah. It was sick bitch. Yes. you know, she's slamming The credit card. Like, please love My blush. So what I do now is YouTube days. Right. I would go film for a couple hours. Christian would have to drive home, edit it, show me a preview, upload the YouTube video, do the thumbnail, do the Descrip Girl, we're in a different fucking time now. No one's attention spans are like that. Right. So I just filmed the A video and I'll do it live. So I'm live streaming on the iPad, filming it on my phone.


And I'll just be like trying new rare beauty powder girl, they're all glued to the screen like, oh my God, is he gonna hate us? Yeah. And it's really engaging and people gift while I'm sitting there and I'm, I'm, I've made myself a part of the daily ranks. Now me and Soldier Boy are the only celebrities on there. And he makes a killing. What's boy doing? Killing it. Making money. Like, goodness Lynn. Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna be live on TikTok Tomorrow. It's But you have the personality. A lot of people make no money and they sit there all day and they just kind of don't do anything. And they have like 10 viewers. And, I think that's me. I'm gonna try harder. I can, I'm gonna try harder. I promise I cook that. But you have to be in the mood like you're entertaining. Yeah. And it's, you know, one of my friends, she makes, you know, six figures a month and that's her entire job is battling and being a makeup artist.


So the, so TikTok created battles where you could join the screen with one V one or two V two like me and you versus two other people. I'm sure you've seen the clips of Jason with on a four way or or one versus one. And essentially, and that's is where a lot of people, it's like that's not controversial to me at all. But to normal folks, You know, controversial. It is controversial that two people are sitting on a screen and strangers are throwing money at them. And whoever makes the most money that battle, you obviously both get the money, but whoever gets the most points, which essentially is dollars, you win that match. Oh, TikTok has made a human video game. They are geniuses. Yeah. America is so threatened. They wanna try to remove this app because it's whatever the saying it is, it's like no.


Do you think it's Gonna, I would die? I don't know. That's the scary part. I really don't know. We're in a very scary time. Right? Oh my God, the lights would go off. I would kill myself. The world's fucked. I would Just be stupid. I feel like everything that I know today is because of TikTok. Like I'm learning so much And And I think the government may not want us to learn all of those things. Think everybody's powerful becausecause, you can type it in. Here's a, we wanna get really fucking wacky people don't like this at all. All you gotta do is search. Have we ever been to the moon? Why is that such a hot topic? Yeah, of course We fucking haven't. I know. I Agree. I don't think we've ever been to the moon. Come on. Can I say that? Say that. Of course. Say you can. Anyone with common sense can tell all that Footage you're saying, I don't think we've ever been to the moon.


Who the fuck was just fighting me on? I can Midst of anything. So here we go. So that we have to stray away from that. 'cause we'll go down that rabbit the whole way too long. But the problem is, is to America it's not a problem. It's education. And you can now go in and see old clips that old people are finding and they're uploading to the app and old footage of things from the seven. And you can really learn and see, oh wow. Like this is all horse shit. Yeah. And people don't want that. And they don't even this Menendez brother shit. I think if it wasn't for TikTok Would they even have a retrial with But with Stand With Free Britney TikTok and Twitter Got that bitch Miss Gypsy Rose Blanchard Because of the internet. It is crazy. Gypsy Rose went live with me Until now.


Did she battle You? No, we just had a good conversation. People kept being like, she wants to collab and I'm like, Jeffrey Star cosmetics is not collabing with a murder. We're not, we're not doing it this year. That's helpful. I need, I need like a list of iconic things you say on today's episode. And that's one I want her on Cancelled regardless so bad. So, but I need to, I like do This thing. So here's my issue. I'm very sarcastic. And I battle and I'm live all the time. I say really crazy funny jokes. I should have been a comedian, right? So we go, we are. So we go live together. We have a, we have a good time. I'm not gonna collab with her. She's Like I. Don't know if she's hinting at it, but like, and she's also learning TikTok and imagine you're in prison for so long and the phone is so new. Oh my God.


It's like, it must be such a trip. I Could imagine what that even feels like. Yes. Yeah. So my issue is, is that she thought I was all great and then a couple weeks later someone sends her a clip of a joke I made unfollow. She can't handle the humor. Oh Boring. I was talking to her on FaceTime. And I was like slay mother And I was like wait,


this year I'm thankful for Peppa Pig and Lumi whole body deodorant. Why? Because Lumi is a deodorant like no other. It was created by an OB GYN who discovered Bo isn't just an underarm thing, it's an all over thing. So she developed a pH optimized deodorant that's clinically proven to block odor everywhere. Not just your pits but your privates feet and beyond the best part no matter where you use it. Lumi is proven to keep working for up to 72 hours. If three days of odor control isn't something to be thankful for, I don't know what is special offer new customers GET 15% off ALL Lume products with our exclusive code Use code Cancelled at Lume deodorant.com. L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. I love Lumi because I love smelling great. I've tried Lumi all over my body. I knew Lumi was going to work because I think it's gorgeous. It definitely had an unexpected benefit of me smelling amazing whole body deodorant. Lumi is seriously safe to use anywhere on your body pits, under boobs, thigh folds, belly buttons, butt cracks, vulvas and feet. Created by an OB GYN who saw firsthand how normal Bo was being misdiagnosed and mistreated clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. How unlike certain traditional deodorants that try to mask odor with the fragrance, Lummi is formulated, powered by mandelic acid to stop odor before it starts. More like a pre odorant plus sweat control. The same outrageously effective whole body deodorant you love with the bonus of sweat control now available in the cream tube with 72 hour odor and sweat control. After many requests, they've formulated a new product to keep you smelling fresh and help you stay dryer Lummi whole body deodorant plus sweat control the same 72 hour odor control now with 72 hour sweat control. Experience the same outrageously effective 72 hour odor control while keeping sweat under control. Don't sweat the small stuff. Lumie whole body deodorant is now available with and without sweat control. Enjoy the outrageously effective odor control formula you love now with a brand new superpower. You guessed it. Sweat control, smell fresher, stay drier and boost your confidence from head to toe. 72 hour odor and sweat control for pits, privates and beyond. Baking soda free and paraben free pH balance For safe use below the belt, choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like clean tangerine, lavender, sage or toasted coconut Lumi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping As. a special offer for listeners new customers GET 15% off all Lummi products with our exclusive code. and if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their Starter Pack Use code Cancelled for 15% off your first purchase@lummideodorant.com. That's code Cancelled L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Love you Lume Thank you for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


But also like the YouTube drama era, the lie is always more entertaining than the truth. Why? That's all of the media you wanna really switch and be bipolar. Why did her second video hit so hard? I Loved this. I loved this transition. We went Straight from Dixie. I wanna ask you why did her second video talking woman to man when she Yes bitch, I wanna know, I've never asked anyone this question because you're making you talk to Westbrook second video, you're making me reflect on a lot. Just what was The title of the second video before I speak on, oh God wait. In the second video, she's blaming Me and Shane, you and Shane for influencing her to Make this. So here's the thing, just for the record, I don't feel Like, I need to prove myself to anyone ever, but I don't think or talk about these things often.


So when I do, a lot of memories flood in, oh I've put a lot of this behind me. I don't think about it. It was a very dark time. Oh, and my question is all. And I've never got to ask anyone this even as a fan or a viewer, 'cause we're both viewers of what all happened. Even though we were, I was a part of it. Why do you think her second video hit? Did they just want me and Shane to be the villain for the hundredth time? I think people, even just the, the viewers watching the fans of Drama Getin happening, were enamored by the idea of all of YouTube's hierarchy being even, I don't wanna compare it to anything that's like happening right now in the media with like the Diddy stuff. But people are glued to the idea of the take down of a hierarchy of anything.


Yes. Like all the Kardashians, everyone that's gonna be taken down with Diddy people, people love to see that. And I was never there by the way. I like straight rappers. I was never there. I was never there. Ugh. Yeah. Bunch of fuck. That's honestly a good spot to clarify. I was, I was gonna Ask you that. I think what was bizarre is, is me and Shane And, I've never even said this on camera before. We were busy filming the conspiracy documentary. We were filming for 10, 11 months how to create a product our lives, all the the newness of my life, my love life, my dogs, my cha, my exponential growth of my channel. The fact that anyone believed that we were bored to try to ruin someone's life on the side when we're living our dreams, our financial dreams, our I mean the viewers were so crazy.


It was the biggest, most exciting thing me and him have ever done. CareerWise. And the most successful, I couldn't believe I woke up and people believed, it's also clear though I'm the villain for the hundredth time. I couldn't believe it. But it's But you think there was like a convenience and like you guys being so powerful at that time and like of course hitting it On you guys. That's why I wanted to ask you. Sorry, let me, lemme be quiet. So what do you think she was Always threatened as well. Like even just with the sugar bear hair, like all of that. Like James my gummy this, I thought it felt like she was insecure in her spot. Yeah, I was gonna say I thought that to be strange. Like I. Think about it now. And like if I had like a hat brand and then Tana stepped out and like a different hat brand because they're sending her to Coachella, I'd be like slay. Yeah. Who gives a spot?


Like I can't. I don't, I didn't understand like why it was such a serious thing. I guess like people are different but No, But it's, I Think that's all that you hold a grudge that makes you make a bi sister video. I was like rooted. She got me. There was a lot more to it. I was Like I think. Do you also just think she was dumb and just straight up did not know how damaging it was. Maybe the first video and then was Man And, I. Listen, I think she's one of the worst people I've ever met. So I'm not trying to say anything for her. I Don't know if I've ever met her, But it was more than the gummies. I think when you're telling a stranger, if you were to tell a stranger the story, the gummies seemed to be like people's catalyst of like this was the root When in reality it was very anecdotal. It was way more than that.


And we were all spending a lot of time together. We learned a lot of things about every it was person. A lot of thing. Yeah. And me and Tati traveled with James and we really saw the And you did it at my birthday dinner. Yes. Were You at the birthday dinner? Yeah, I was sat right next to him. I was here. James was there. What, what happened from from Jeffrey Lynn's Eyes. It's funny, it's, it's a crazy meme of this because of her, no one ever heard my version. They just hear it. They saw Tatis video, that birthday dinner. What actually happened at Thefamous Birthday dinner. It was the height of it was her birthday. So it was like her friends and family and a lot of normal people. Not YouTubers, not people with a lot of money. And to me it was that height of James' new fame, new money going batshit crazy and not knowing how to handle it all.


And it turned into ego and it turned him into a monster or he already was that. And the money amplified it and he really thought, I have money, you're gonna sleep with me. It was very disgusting. It doesn't matter who you are, you want him, you hear that creek that's sound loud. And, And that happen so often In Hollywood, some buildup of the ego getting so dark and crazy and just so many weird things and stories coming out to us and really bizarre things. And the dinner was him at his most disgusting. And there was a 19-year-old waiter who he tricked into his room later that night and the guy said he wanted to leave and James was Like I.


I, I paid for this. You, you have to hook up with me. I bought the room but everyone just makes it about sucking in the memes and her stupid ass video. But it was really, as someone that was there and I'm all about shock value, I'm fucking crazy. It was just disgusting to witness because It's one thing to say something shocking for the bit, but, and it was Like T's family there and we all know we're shocking and we can say whatever we want, but when you're at that environment, you don't say crazy. It was all just too much and it just bubbled up crazy. And we all flew home just horrified by this person. Disgusted. Holy fuck. And I think she really felt like in her heart that exposing him as a alleged predator and all these things was going to teach him a lesson and remove him from the platform.


It really wasn't about gummies. I Mm. I think that was the start of it. Because to me the gummies was loyalty. Yuck back. I'm gonna speak for her stupid ass. Talk to you dumb. I'm I'm gonna say, lemme say, lemme say one thing for you before you die. You, you fucking old witch. I just wish more people would come on Cancelled and Do this. She is one of the darkest people. This is the goal. One of the darkest people I've ever met. Really? I Don't think I've ever met her. She, She got me with the, like the guys of being like, you know this Like I a sweet Older woman. I don't wanna call middle aged dad. Yeah. But yeah. She goes, no, I'm only being funny 'cause people will say I'm age shaming. We're we're really close in age. No, no. But it was But it was Like I we're not, I'm not age shaming that though. No. Her aesthetic was the mother of YouTube and why would she be a part of Annie drama and da da da Because she found out a lot of stuff about him.


She knew he was evil and she wanted to remove him. But I, yeah, but the gummies was about loyalty. So I think back then it, it was bizarre. 'cause we all kind of had each other's backs. We were all promoting each other. We all, but it was organic. It wasn't like, it was just like, we all know that she's gonna come out with the beauty line. I've spoken, I'm gonna be the first one to let y'all know. It's fucking amazing. If it is And. I just think that it was bizarre for him to take a quick check when he was raking in so much money to promote something when he is did her makeup at the wedding. So it was bizarre to switch up and not promote her products. I did think it was interesting. Okay. Yeah. They were, they were deep Rooted and we're very different.


Like it's like, you know what I mean? Like I guess. Like they're in Hawaii and he's doing her makeup at the wedding. Like yeah, she deeply immersed herself with this kid and then found out later on, wow, I think he's evil. Like Chucky. So yeah, I get, I guess I get like why she'd be hurt. I don't know. I, I experienced it like firsthand as a like completely removed like bystander. I was a I every single video I was like, okay wait, maybe I believe this person. Like now I believe her. And that's what it ended up becoming is this just cluster No one knew Spider Web Of what and world her like we just launched the biggest makeup collection in makeup history. The most palette sold in one hour in one day. Me and Shane Dawson.


What, two dudes. That's crazy. Yeah. Like that's so crazy and beautiful on the documentary in the second one, right. Both of 'em were such massive hits. And I, couldn't believe we're in the middle of a pandemic and it's all these crazy things happening with our culture and the planet and earth and the presidency and everyone's angry. They wanted me and Shane to be the villain. Do you think it hurt? It hurt your like launch or do you think it helped it, The launch had already happened. It had already happened. How Long? Yeah. So this is, so November 19. Do you believe that the drama Too close to the sun. Do you believe that when people fly too close to the sun, like you know what I mean? Like what we got too successful? Yes. Do you just believe in that matic like you know what I mean With me and Shane specifically from the dawn of Tumblr to MySpace to this very moment.


This has been our careers for some reason. Right? And I feel that on a Smaller scale, both different ways. Yes. So I feel that the same. And it's the rollercoaster of she's the villain, they're awful, they're this nevermind they're great. We were wrong. And it's just been over and over And I feel like it's, And it's so crazy. Mentally Like I. I see why you would go to Wyoming for your mental health. 'cause even I, I struggle with that so heavily. Like I couldn't wake up here Anymore. Trying to find a way to be calm while on that rollercoaster. I always use that analogy Like. I've learned how to like fall asleep on a rollercoaster. Yeah. Like emotionally. Like it Just, we were used to it. We woke up every day not knowing what was gonna happen. That fear of like, what's gonna happen today. It was awful. So I just couldn't believe that we woke up and people believed it. It was, it was crazy to me.


And then it all just got so big and it's on the news and it's on CNN and it's just everywhere. And I'm Like I. Guess Shane's cancellation. He ended up having another one later. Right. And like the cat stuff Or whatever do our situations were so different. Do you hate that he left the internet though? Do you hate like, like some people would argue that it defeated him. Do you wish it, do you know what I mean? Do you wish he And I? I partially agree. I took a few weeks off and was Like I. What did I do? Yeah. I'm not a bad person. I didn't try to take down James Charles. I haven't talked to Tati in months. Mm. He weezled his way back in and got her to make a video about us to try to get back at us and Oh, you think he was behind video too?


Yeah. That's what she's told people. Yeah. That he manipulated her. It's all so it's, these people are so twisted. Oh. Like, But your memory's so great. And I wasn't a part of any of it. That's the problem. But you got Dragged out. So you're, so now we're five years later, you're telling me that me and Shane called her on the phone and coerced her into me. This has to be a joke. That's what I'm like, how could anyone believe that was real? Would you ever I over here, Like living my fucking rockstar Dreams room, opening up Morphy stores around the fucking world. There's 30,000 people coming to these malls while I'm doing the ribbon cut. I don't give a fuck about anyone but my empire. Everything's growing. We have fucking I mean it was all so beautiful. And I couldn't believe they wanted to ruin it all because we got so successful.


Mm. The two underdogs Became, but yes, People became the biggest. We went to Walmart, 50 million views. It was untouchable. And they were so mad that the two fucking S one. Mm Mm It's so crazy. It's so, it's crazy. Crazy. Yeah. We'll, never, and yeah, so to answer your your question, I am upset that Shane disappeared for over a year. He's, he, I don't know. He, he couldn't handle it mentally. I dunno. I'm not, I don't wanna speak for him, obviously. I would Love to get him On this couch. He's a really great speaker. Have you, have you invited him here? I've like hinted at it. I, I think I'm in a cold open. Ask him again. Maybe I'll be like, Hey, Jeffrey, came on. I feel like you're gonna be helpful. Like, People wanna come. Well just FaceTime him when this is over. But it would ha Yeah.


It's if he, but I don't think he wants to talk about any of this. Yeah, That's true. And. I understand. I think maybe, yeah. It's just, there will never the good stuff and the bad stuff. I think that the way that the internet is now TikTok, the short form content, there will never be a time like that again. Where singular YouTube videos are like Breaking And I. Do you think people are so obsessed with all of our old clips? Even the ones with the alleged Yeah. With James. That Jack In the Box video. It's so funny because I wanna go back and rewatch that video with you. They were really good, great times. I love that video. I don't remember that night. I remember you putting the Gucci shirt on Me. It's all so fucked. Like, do you, like, what was our vibe? Because I was reading comments the other day with people saying the tension's kind of palpable.


Right? Like between all of us, And, I, Like, I, just don't remember that night. But I always see clips. We saw each other as mutuals and he wanted to be the star of the show. And he was younger and this was all so new to him. And we were just there to fucking laugh and be wild and silly. Aw. And that's why we always had the best chemistry on camera. Do you think that, well, I was gonna ask a stupid question. I was gonna say, do you think his age has anything to do with it? Like, coming into success so quickly? But you did the same thing. You were really young when you, But everyone handles it differently. And, I. Think the ego is his worst enemy. Yeah. And. I. Don't wanna sit here and harp about this fucking idiot. Oh, suck my own. But I do think my leading emotion genuinely from my career, from the day it started to now has always been gratitude and shock. I was gonna Say that. I like you. Didn't you like, didn't feel any sense of like, entitlement when everything was given to you because you had had nothing.


And. I. She was always very humbled, but, and It saved me, saved life. But lot of my life You feel like you deserved everything that you Got. Yeah. It saved my life. Yeah. I was like, how the fuck did this anomaly happen to me? And get me out of this? Like, that's grew up. Feel up with loving parents and money and Yeah. you know what I mean? It's, it's very different when, yeah. I Feel like somebody like that like kind of just feels like deserving when when they find the success that they like want it 50% or more times when somebody becomes super successful, they, I know the City's evil. Mm. Yeah.


Alright. We are back at it with David. We've talked about it before. But honestly, once you've had David, it is hard to stop, but it's not for everyone. David is huge. If your hands are small, No, but seriously, if you miss that episode, here's the scoop. David has 28 grams of protein, zero grams of sugar, and is only 150 calories. If you're looking for a sugary dessert disguised as protein, David is not it. But if you're looking for something that actually fuels your rustles without making you crash, David is a pretty good bet. No gimmicks. It's just a solid protein bar that works. It is the least calories for the most protein that you will ever find in a bar. You guys, Like. I told you I had these so often on tour And. I actually love them so much. Thursday. Contrary to what some people think, protein alone does not make you bulk up. You also don't need to workout to feel the benefits of more protein in your everyday life. Protein makes you feel more full, which helps you consume fewer calories throughout the day. Contributing to fat loss. My go-to is the cookie dough flavor. So if you're curious, try it for yourself at David Protein dot com. You'll get why we're still talking about it Guys. It's the only David I'll put in my mouth.


How do you feel now walking around LA Uninspired. Yeah, I get That I Agree. I used to just hit Sunset Boulevard and just be like, wow. And it was all Like I. It was just so many hopes and dreams here. And the city used to be so beautiful And fun was genuinely fun. Genuinely fun and cool to be a part of. You think That's a big question? That's a great question. Yeah. It's a really great question. Leigh Brook Thank you Before, For some reason it was like 2020, like 20, 20 12. 2012. Yeah. That, I don't know. Remember when, like everyone just stopped being funny. Mm. That's when the cancel culture really started to creep in.


And no one was allowed to say jokes Anymore. And phones just Like. I had And the phones blew up. What Everyone had Way more like being out in LA with Paris Hilton and a flip phone. Good God. Like the best. Yeah. Me and Paris Hilton and Kelly Osborne at the Spider Club. And we have our fucking T-Mobile sidekicks. I miss my Little and it was just such a different time. It was so fucking cool. I genuinely think that I should have been in that time. It was Epic. And I was really young, so that's when I was, I was her age back then. I was 19 years old doing Kelly Osborne's makeup and going to all the clubs with the fake ID and the pink mohawk and just fucking like, it was all so new and crazy. But how lucky were to experience it. 'cause it's so many people now. Like, that's what you come to LA for and it's just not here.


It's Not. I remember the last time you And I went out, you went to Bootsy Bellows. This is probably like, yeah, like three or four years ago. And you And I were having a night like it was 2012. Yeah. And I. Remember you And I just looking at each other and looking around and you were like, fuck this shit. Like this shit used to be, you know, like, and it was just, it Used to be so fun. Yeah. And I. Just, I don't know. It's just weird. It's so, so it's weird that TikTok is here. And. I and all those old people that we've been talking about, we've had each other blocked forever. So are they running TikTok? I heard Tatis trying to do livestream. It's flopping. I don't, I've never seen it. Yeah, I've seen, and James has a makeup line now, a hundred years later. Oh, I guess I guess Only 'cause I'm the queen of reviewing and so many people have been.


Have you Reviewed painted Paint It? I can't review. It Would be so viral. Yeah. I really, yes it would. But at the end of the day, it's a Patrick ta ripoff. There's nothing new or inspiring about it. Ooh. The packaging of his blushes are identical to Patrick Ta and Tom Ford. Ooh. It's boring. It's really uninspiring from what I've seen. Who does inspire You? Inspire. Ooh. That. Whose makeup line? Tell me what you, what's Jeffrey Star approved? What's getting you going Now? My favorite thing is I love that. Whether it's celebrity or fashion makeup artists have makeup lines. Pat McGrath number one. Fucking amazing. Right? I love, I I used to be little kid opening up magazines to shoot and she all her makeups were there.


Interview Magazine, the full fucking rainbow Eye. And. I Amm. Like, oh my God. So people like her. Patrick Ta, makeup by Mario. I love that. Artists get to have their own brands now versus a By Mario. All these, these dumb celebrities. Everyone around the corner, listen, it's worked for Gaga, she's genuine. Right? Selena Gomez huge hit some of these people. JLo's Skincare line. Bless Her heart. JLo is a skincare. I she has everything. I don't think anyone's bought it, but her assistant, no one knows about it. Selena Williams. Serena Williams. Serena, I, I gotta go. So me correcting you is also just as Serena, I scared to say just because we said Selena, we said Selena Gomez.


No, no. So Serena Williams launched a line in Alta, a makeup line. None of y'all have tried it or heard of it. Have you? It's like tennis ball packaging, like whatever. It's All hot green. Is It like tennis Ball? Okay. At least she's committed To her. But did you know it existed? No. Exactly. You're a And. I feel Like. I couldn't. But you're a consumer. Even though we get our makeup done, I'm still a consumer. And I do my own makeup all the time. Still And, I love buying products. I'm not on all the PR lists like the other girls. I'm on half. I'm on. I Get you Thank. You, do you think you just get marked off every time you say something Bad about No. No, no, no, no. There's brands that they love the critiques and they can handle it. And there's a core, there's core people like Elf and Patrick t and people that they're not afraid of the pretend controversy of, Ooh, whatever. They just, they want to know my opinions. Yeah.


That's so I think you pussy, if you have a makeup brand and you don't want Jeffrey start, honestly You. Hello. Do you find it hard ever to like, be innovative after everybody's done? Everything It feels like. I think my approach to things are always so different that it's always fun. So for the very, so we're about to turn 10 years old and on Black Friday, happy birthday. Damn. Isn't that crazy? 10 years of JC. So Yeah. That's wild. Almost feels wild. I Know. It's, are you Gonna do something special for your 10 years? Yeah. Are you coming to the party? Absolutely. Stop my party. Always. I It's in LA so you guys have to Come if you're in. Wow. Oh. And I'll come Fuck these bitches up. you know? I love it. That part. I love It. I think my approach makes things really fun. I've never put out eyebrow products, right. So I grew my eyebrows back. It's been two years now. Oh, amazing.


We have eyebrow Thank. you. This is my natural eyebrows. They look great. That's the whole time she, me. I've had 'em shave since 10th grade. So we have eyebrow products next year. So it's like, well, how can you make an eyebrow pencil, new, new shape, different packaging, different formulas. So Like I, love it. I'm, I feel Like I started the brand yesterday and we're 10 years in and I'm just like a little kid. I'm just feel like Willy Wonka. That's so fun. I love, love it. It's special. I get really giddy. I love formulating, I love flying to the labs and Touching. That's thing, the thing that That helps is just being like actually hands on. And the formula, the hands with your, your personality is so prevalent in your brand. Even just 'cause I told you, I opened my conspiracy palette the other day. And I was dying about it Because Yes. It's such a good palette. You guys, you gave me a shade crying on the couch. It's the same color as the couch. I cried.


Yeah. To Shane Dawson on. So I was crying about Tana Con to Shane Dawson on this tan couch. And they made an eyeshadow that was the same color as the couch was Hunter's couch. And yes, I opened up the other day, And I was like, and it's a great fucking crease color. It's talk about blending with crying on your tongue. Talk about wearability honey. It be, and then popping Tricia on the lid, sweetie. You're not kidding, Tricia. So you and Tricia Yeah. Have and you know, I fucking love Tricia. I love Tricia. The people I have. Oh my God. Made outta that time with you, Tricia. It's, it's, it's a beautiful bond that you cannot recreate. Right? Yeah. And you guys have had a rollercoaster of a friendship. Haven't seen her in almost five years. And You're about to Yeah, we're about to. I'm gonna put this out later. 'cause I'm not trying to compete with that moment. But, or maybe before, who knows?


Yeah. you know, this could be like a get the build ready. But yeah, we haven't seen each other in a long time. I think a lot of her new fans think I'm the devil. Love that. But the OG fans that watched both of us knew that at the heart of it all, there was really no drama. It was just a lot of speculation and other people chiming in and just a lot of ugliness. But we had the best times together. Mm. I rewatched some of our old clips. Oh my God. So they're like ours. They're Like. I can see you guys with the damn pink Bentley right now. I can Like me and us through the drive through at Taco Bell. Yes. Her sticking her head out the window screaming like, so good. I'm excited as fuck to just see you guys Together. Here's something really crazy. I haven't had Taco Bell in four years.


What? Yeah. Don't even that Don't eat fast food anymore. I'm About to check your pulse. I quit. Is there a reason That's all you and me would do. That makes me sad. It's Horrible. I know, but it's so good. Yes. I think now you're making yak tacos. I know. I don't wanna be like a preacher of all that, but Like I. Think when you dance step, I guess you understand that industry Now step away. My brain chemistry and how I think feels better from quitting fast food. Fuck Hurts. That's the most gag thing you've said to me on this couch. Yeah. Like What do you Eating meat from an animal that's raised outside eating grass only versus being pumped full of things. I mean like McDonald's hamburgers aren't even, it's not even real meat. It's like Mealworms. And we don't know that and do it anyway. That's, that's What's not Yes. 'cause we're conditioned since birth our, our parents have been feeding us fruit loops with red eye.


With red dye in it. Yeah. The same dyes. But I know those chicken nuggets are hot pink paste. Like, and it, the colors Shame about it. And I. We've made it funny where we don't care. Right. So the same pigments that are in the blood sugar pilot are in Fruit Loops. And the thing is, and You want a bowl right now, you've fucked teeth. Yes. And the thing is, if you cut me open right now, I'd probably bleed red 40 like it is. It's not. I just said That. There's Twinkies in my purse right now. Like. I have, Do you wanna share one? Yes. Ill eat one. I love being filled, so. Right. You are a twine babe. I am. Even though I'm old, I'm not a twink. I'm a twinie. I Love that. I've always said that. But like, wait, so what made you stop? Are you like me? I'm very like even with alcohol, with anything, I'm, I'm cold Turkey.


You're nothing cold or Turkey Cold. Cold Turkey. Well, I, Turkey kind of stepped away. And I, And I started eating really healthy out there. And my neighbors have chickens and we're eating eggs from the chicken. I'm making You something From Albertsons. I guess I have no gauge. Let's go in and out right now. I've never gone without it. So I almost don't know how I would feel if I like never consumed anything like that. But it's like, you know how people say like, oh, you feel better if you work out and everyone's Like I probably feel so Much better then out and you feel amazing. Better. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I would feel Better. Feel too. So I'm not saying I won't go have in and out right now, but I just, that doesn't count Taco Bell. It's just McDonald's, Uhuh. It's not it. I should stop. I really shouldn't. Now McDonald's has the e coli scandal. I know, But it's only like in other states. Oh, like Wyoming.


Oh, What'd you say? Like Wyoming. Oh, no way. Oh, Two people in Casper, Wyoming where I live got Lac from the McDonald's 20 miles from my ranch. The big Mackey coli collab is crazy. That is crazy. Collab is crazy Crossover. Yeah. That's crazy. I never thought I'd see the day that you were not eating fast food. Like that's just, I associate so many of my Best memories. I know. I wanna do a yak Bango YouTube culture is me and you eating fast food. Me and Tricia at fucking every fast food place. And it's just the yak meat's so good. Let's do a barbecue cook out. I, We should, I wanna Try it. So if you come Wyoming, there's six restaurants that serve the Jeffrey Star Yak meat. You're lying. Really? Isn't that cool? Yeah. And I never eat. Like, that's the thing. I'll eat that fun chicken paste.


That's so cool. And then it's like, I'm like scared to try yak. It's like, babe, I know I have a hard time Because any animal that I haven't tried yet, I'm like, oh, I feel guilty. But then it's Like I love the little video. Do you blur this out looking at bacon? Do you, do you blur this later? I should, but I'm always vaping. Okay, great. It's so funny. The other day she was apologizing to Brittany Ferlin like, dead ass serious. And I'm vaping and the smoke's just crossing over and all the conversation I mean. Yeah. I look Like I have a fucking smoke machine on me. I don't know. I shouldn't make those jokes. Why not? That's what I'm saying. I thought I was being funny. Right. It can't be funny these days. No, you can. It's good to, for you to have Jeffrey Star here, I think just to, I know. Show you that you can say whatever. You can be funny. And sometimes people have orange skin, G me orange hands.


That's a really, I just said it on a live, I didn't even do a video. Yeah. I didn't do anything. I was just live streaming. Like I always do. I was free styling and people were asking me questions. And I was just like, you guys, these people have me blocked. I don't know what they're doing. Mm. And then I saw my friend Patrick ta launched an eyeshadow duo. Mm. People wanted to try to drag him for the price. So silly. I did see that. So Mikayla, who did a elf collab, this is what started this this week, tried to compare a $4 moment to a $42 basically saying it's comparable when it's not. I simply reviewed it. And I was like, this is what it is. It's great. My review really blew up. It's just her lying again and being annoying. Yeah. So I just said a couple funny things. And. I.


Yeah. Because how can you even, obviously Elf makes amazing Es, but like, you can't compare a 42 Because that wire hit. That's why Yeah. Right. From Elf, you think? I feel like if it's $42, there's a reason it's 42 do also, I Just like love. Yes. And the cool thing is, is I make makeup for a living. I know his lab. I make my highlighters there. So it's cool from a manufacturer, brand owner creator, to be able to let the audience know about ingredients and different pearls and how things are made. Mm. So they understood it. It was just funny. And I. Guess I was live and people clipped it and posted it on TikTok, And I. Guess it's a big thing this week. I love it. But I always love Stand by what I say. I think she's a fucking liar. She has a lot of advisors and they have instructed her to Never, Never address it.


It will go Away. I hate to never address. I always have And. I always will in every capacity. I Like I. Just when I see these influencers, Like, I don't know. I just, but you know what, Sometimes, Sometimes they get along better than the people who do It. That's the thing. That's the frustrating thing is it feeds people to continue to do that because you see it happen so much. So, yeah. I don't, not even, I don't hate her. I don't know her. Mm. We've spoken before. I saw her on FaceTime. We've talked in the Ds Did she have the orange hands on FaceTime? No, she didn't have money then. And the, the thing is, when you're making millions of dollars a month, I don't understand why you don't look more presentable, but I think it's the shtick of I'm gonna pretend to be the girl next door forever.


No, you're very wealthy. Brands are paying her hundreds of thousands of dollars to say something is great and it could be great. Could not be great. I don't know. Yeah. I don't respect liars. And, I think that's what's frustrating is that people don't care anymore. So I've had to be like, okay, the integrity of the beauty community has been compromised. People are, I gotta come back on TikTok, that Part. Yeah. And if people really want the truth, they know where to find it. And my views speak for themselves and you know, And they always have. And you've been very consistent with your honesty, which I've always respected. It's, it is so good. Always. I do just wanna say, Like, I've known you for so long and you've always been in a good fucking spot. Yes. And an honest about, you know, when you go through things and stuff, but like, it just feels Like I am talking to a Jeffrey 7.0.


Yes. Like you, it feels like you were just, we just Died. Someone I mean you've done everything. And it's cool that you're in a place where you can do whatever the fuck you want. But what is next for Ms. Jeffrey Lynn? Like, what, what, what do you wanna do? What are you passionate about? What are you doing? Who are you fucking I What would you think about if I was sucking on camera? It's actually so funny that you say that because I was just gonna ask you, I can't breathe. I Was just going to ask you questions in that realm. You've never done that. Right? I am Like I for the, for an audience. I've never fucked or sucked on camera, but I ca I would be a liar if I said that. I never will. Right. Like, I'm not saying I will.


Same, but I'm not saying it's fully off the table. It's not. Yeah. This, I, I look at the tape in the corner of my room, like the hat man every day. Like, I'm, I'm thinking about here, you know what I mean? I'm just same. And it's easy. It's so easy. And you know, I'm not glorifying all, I'm just saying in our personal positions, when you're Sitting of who we are and, and our history of online. Yes. And When you're Sitting on the books, Notre random hookers that are just gonna fucking Hop ons. I look at Koa every day And. I'm like, god damn, we could just run away with the money. you know, I've had those thoughts, but I, but I knowing in you, when all those celebrities did OFI remember like Tyga and just whatever, I was like, damn, I could see Jeffrey Star doing this, but you're gonna put a business spin on it. Go ahead. Tell me what it is.


Well, she asked What's next. I am 90% done with an autobiography. Don't know when it's coming out. I can't wait. Someone really, a really famous writer wrote it with me and they interviewed me for Oh wow. Almost two years. And it's just really insane. Okay. So a book of being in my mom's stomach till right before Wyoming. Wow. Like my entire life up until Wyoming Wow. Is the book. It's insane. It's very inspirational. It's very dark and Wow. Shockingly, even though I wrote, showed so much on my YouTube channel, every surgery, every crazy secret, every whatever. I still have a lot of secrets and things from my past and childhood. That's literally where I'm at. That I'm ready to share. Yep. Not to like, ooh, it's spicy to make some money. I relate Some to this So hard.


Yes. And there's a lot of dark things and things I went through that I have never told anyone and things that happened to my family. And I just feel like it's gonna inspire a lot of people to see what I've created from the dirt. Right. I cannot wait To, so that, that I can't, cannot Wait for the audio book. I can the audio book is crazy high. How? Yeah. I cannot wait. I really mean that. I'm so happy for you. I can't wait. It's, it, it was really therapeutic too. Yes. I'm, I'm in the writing process right now. Yes. Oh my God. It's Traumatizing as well, though. I cry over the fucking Computer. My mother and my mom told me things I've never heard before. And I'm in my thirties. Wow. It's like hearing new things about my pa It was just all so healing and a wild rollercoaster. So that's one wild thing we're, you know, I'm working on, That's like really Like I have to sit.


Right. That's I'm, so I'm excited. Moved by that. Wow. Yeah. I used to be the right moment inspired. Second on a whole other tinge is Like. I have been teaching makeup for so long. I think before I get any older, I should start teaching how to suck. I always said that about you. I could use some how You've actually always given me Like. I. Even just back in the day, you were like, girl, listen. So I feel like while I still look like this And I, so you're talking how to Yeah. you know, Is it one of those things where here's my guess, and I'm guessing you don't have to say yes or no, but I think it's gonna be Look how long my makeup lasts. Oh, I mean, that's definitely a concept, right? Like, look at my, what my liquid lipstick can stay with Stain.


Absolutely. But it could be like trying product or like, how does this last through? Yes. And that's real. That's fun. And that's cute. Right. But also people need education on what they're doing. you know? That's my version of the song. Who's, that's like, even just crazy. You have to like, it's gotta be the most Beautiful. Oh, did you wanna see a few? Yes. Okay, ill see. You know, I do. Yes. Oh My God. I'll pay for it too. I mean you even, you might know a couple in here, but we got so fun. You listen to their music, you know 'em personally. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Love, love always. Where are the cameras angled. But yeah. So I think that might be a really nice adventure for me. And. I. I'm being deadass. How serious Are You? Very, yeah. Timeline. I think. I just think it would be really fun. It doing even just Like. I've, I've never done like tapes and stuff, but I, I've always loved doing OFI took a little break this summer, but it is Did You ever show, what did you show?


Just like tits and ass and like, no, no sexy videos in that way. No vagina. No vagina, Like, I. Think that's, that's an all in or nothing for me. Like I wouldn't be like, here's a selfie. Right. Like, it's like taper, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, you know, And I would wanna, like if you Pam re that far, you'll take it. Well, I don't wanna Say that Because she was against that, but, right. But what? Right. 'cause Hers was stolen. Sadly. Yes. I don't mean that. I'm at the stage in my life where I, I've never cared. Yeah. And I've done so much. I've lived 10 lives. And. I. Just think It's, I'm surprised you never just uploaded one to YouTube the night of everything. Genuinely. I'm surprised five on Twitter. Yeah. Yes. Oh my God. They have strict rules. I know they do. So They'll get you.


So if you guys go live, we should go live while I'm in town in la I would love to because there's rules and things you can't say. And you guys would get banned in like 10 minutes. I know It. Oh my God. Yeah. I need the crash force. You And, I Can't drive. No, I need Can't drive in the car. You can't vape. But you lean off camera. Yeah, I get high and just lean off camera. Yeah. Oh yeah. Real. We call it watering the plants on my channel, on my page. God, That's, yeah. you know, autobiographies tapes, Both things I couldn't relate to more. Do You think people are ready for it? Like. I. Yes. I just a huge in my mouth. Yes. I think if anything people, the magic Trick of it all disappearing. They're On the edge of their seat for it. She needs help. Yeah. Yeah. I think we all, we all could learn a few things maybe.


I don't know. But you also make it cool to say Like, I want to starfish. And I'm like, there are people like me and Jeffrey who wanna swing from the scene. Well, I'm shameless About it. Like, I. I, it's not, I don't know. I just like to lay there. And that's like you, and You know what? Depends on how much I care about the person. Like right now I have And I care about. So now I'll do A little Around. You are not the girl that these straight dudes tell me after we fuck. Oh my God. Think these, these girls just lay there like, like a dead fish. There's a community that can't. No, there is, there's a community of the layers. It's not me baby. I'm swinging. But I'm just saying there's a very Niche market for me. That's What I'm hearing. So you're not the girl hanging off the side of the bed upside down, getting skull fucked. No, I've got that covered. No, I'll, I'll if I care about the person, but more often than not, I don't, right now I care about the person.


So I'll do whatever he needs me to do or wants me to do. I also hit my max on that And. I had to dial it back. I Same. You know what I mean? Like, it's like, whoa, wait. Well, I think can't walk. It's fun to have hoe phases on and off. Whatever you're in the mood for. You go through phases in life of just having a lot of fun and having, Are you in a phase right now? No. No. So what are you looking for in Annette? So I don't, did you date, can I even say his name? Who I, can I say your ex, your famous ex's name? Should we give him a name? Let's call him V. You can say Anyone. No, I'm Baltimore. Oh. The beauty industry of that who not should be spoken. So Nate, after dating Nate. Yeah. Did you get in any other serious relationships? Nothing were, it Probably talked you about not being as public.


Yeah. So obviously that relationship was really serious. Right. He met me when I barely had any money and the people saw the growth of everything from kind of first meeting till the end on YouTube. And I think I just showed a lot. Mm. Right. And I've always showed a lot And I. Think moving forward I probably wouldn't do that again. And I don't think it was a negative at all. Mm. I just think the older I get, I enjoy a little bit more privacy. you know? So after that serious, amazing relationship, I never went fully in that hard with anyone. I dated and I've had fun with people, but Probably had your guard up as well. Duh, duh. I probably had your guard up as well. Oh, up Like I heard something Nodding my head.


I had no idea. Like, but it's just like, where's That pen? You need a hit? No you don't. You'll get Mark. You see that pen? I can't imagine. What type of did ITHC is in Jeffrey Star's pen. Like. I would see the hat, man. I would go nonverbal. Is this behind You? We'll cut this part out. I don't give a Fuck Jeffrey. I could be sitting on it. Oh, Thank you Jeffrey. I'm, I want to upload this raw Like I love every second This. Oh, I love that. We're all, we love it raw. We Love it raw. So yeah, I think right now I'm really busy with my career. I am hanging out with someone. We're enjoying each other's time, but I'm not, I'm not dating anyone. Well, It's probably, it was so hard for you. 'cause when someone loves you, when you, you don't Have anything. You don't believe me. When someone has like, loves you when you don't have anything to offer them and then that goes crazy and you now you like, you're never gonna be that Jeffrey again.


You have to have your guard up tenfold. Absolutely. What are you looking for in, do you see yourself ever settling down and marrying one person? I don't know. I'm at this really weird crossroads where I'm not searching for anything. I'm not lonely and I'm having the time of my life. I'm hanging out with someone and enjoying their time. And, I travel a lot. So I'm really not like, Do you fly commercial ever? Yeah. I can't imagine seeing Jeffrey Star on like 30. Did you see? Did You That TikTok of me commercial? No. I'm gonna show it to you. It's so funny. Recently a dad filmed me because he recognized me from his, his daughters watching me. Yeah. And when you're in Casper, Wyoming, let's say you're gonna fly to la, you always have to stop in Denver or Salt Lake.


'cause our town is 60,000 people. It is tiny. Mm. So you know those, the jumper planes where there's no first class or economy, it's just like 50 seats. So someone filming being like, oh, is he going through financial issues? And I'm like, the fuck, what are you talking? And so I responded to it like, your dad wants to fuck me. That's why he was filming me. That's What's going on here. And I was like, Nope, there's only 50 seats in the plane. Yeah, that was in two A. But there's no, it was just so weird. Yeah. But yeah, I, I'm Delta 360. Diamond me, Zion is me. I love a good Delta moment. That's So Good. It's so, but no, I'm not, I'm not looking for love. I think whatever's gonna happen or will happen, drop down my throat will. Mm. And yeah, But I'm over the whole phase right now and I'm just chilling.


That's good. Yeah. We have a Lot going on. But people are enamored with my TikTok crush. They are. Yeah. Wait, no, same way They are. Is it the guy that you posted? I'm so nosy. You guys were like lifting each other or something. He was lifting me. Yes. Yeah. We're we're best friends. And we have fun. What would you call that A relationship? God. Yes. But that's crazy. That's good. What makes you guys best friends? How'd you meet? You're gonna, you're gonna rip your hair out. Okay. TikTok, Did you ever think though? So Here's the thing though. Lemme let me say one thing. No, I did think, because I've never been on a dating app.


So when me and Nathan were together, I felt like it was the height of that was five years. So it was like five years ago. Four or five years. I feel like that was like the height of dating apps. I've never been on a straight or gay dating app. Never been on Grindr, never been on anything else. I, I couldn't even imagine. Imagine being on Grindr And just swiping and theres me. Hello. Yeah. Like the fuck. I met Nate on Instagram. And I met. you know, I've met a few guys on TikTok. I think Instagram Is dating. TikTok is like a dating app. When I was single, I would save the men in a folder just titled Men. There's folders. Like Yeah. You can make folders and collections of what you save When I was single. But the thing is, I think when you guys are introduced to battling in Ja, the Jason Nash world, you're like, this is so fucking stupid. But like, when you're in Wyoming bored sometimes and you've already done your thing, you've made a lot of money.


Battling is also fun. And people love gifting. Mm. It's like a Like I said. It's literally, I do love The serotonin of like, gifting. It is a video game. It's so fun. Yeah. And I love playing and, and Gifting people. People is so fun. People that Are battling Being live. We're doing a live after this. But, and that's the thing. If we do Pat, there's Gifting in there. What's, well, I guess it is. Yeah. But I, I Do love it. I pop, I wanna pop in on it. You should. I would love it. I would. Absolutely. We should do a battle moment or something. And if you Go live for a little bit and I'll teach you how to do it. Mm. And I'm like, okay, I want to battle someone. And there's already a couple people in the room. Mm. Like, you know, 'cause there's so, there's like famous talkers that aren't doing dancing or creating content. It's only in the livestream world. There's big creators that are always at the top with me, but they're regular ass strangers in their house with their kids.


And they're like personality. It probably's just so fun to ask, ask them about their lives and like, It's so fun. So I think it'd be fun. What I'm saying is just to bring you in randomly, but it's planned. Let's Do it. Like, okay, I'm gonna bring in a partner. 'cause we would battle them. Oh my God. How ified. And then you, and then you just pop up. Imagine just being a girl in like Tampa, Florida and then Tana Mongeau and Jeffrey Star battling you for galaxies. Like that's, I'd be so scared. Oh, No, no, no. That's unfair. No, No, no. Our team throws lions, universes and Pegasus. Yeah. Unlike Jason's team. My team, my team, they, they go a little heavier. Okay. Pegasus. We don't focus on child support. We focus on Yeah. Real money. Yeah. I don't even know what a Pegasus Is. Yeah. Like, that's crazy.


It's the highest gift you can send on the app. And how Much does it cost? So it costs like $800. But the trick is, it's a gift only for level fifties. There's only 20 level fifties in all of America. And you have to spend over a million dollars on the app. And I have two accounts that are level 50. You're so, so You're 50. That's amazing. You're so, Like that is so about 20 people in America can send that. Pegasus. Jason's never seen one. Let's be honest. No one no sending, I saw Alyssa. Alyssa Viol was going live too now. Like she hopped on the train. It's also really fun. More power. And I. Think when you look at other people, you can Like I have the best fucking time. Mm. Any of the best fans like the conversations. I was having A good time in there last night.


And I was like, oh shit. There's, you Know what I, when you're on Patreon, I'll go live for 10 minutes here and people would die. That's so fun. Like, people just love it. I It is so fucking fun. Stop. That is, it's so exciting. Like it's Really, and the battling is really fun. It can be. Yeah. I, it's just so awesome. In a Way. And, I need get into, I never spend a lot of time on the live page. And I. Never like really see Anybody out there because it's all about banter. Like people, I'm, I play a character like I'm me obviously And I have friends on there and we all hang out in Kiki. But like if I'm battling other like dudes or people, I get vicious and they get vicious back. Like they go in on each other's looks. So we all go like, we're fucking vicious. That's so fun. You're right. I could really just, you know, a Place to get it out. And people love gifting heavier. 'cause I'll see these dudes on the screen and I'll be like, your hairline's fucked.


That's how I start the match. Like, they'll come on the screen and I'll be like, Ooh, Need Ballsy. And a lot of them already live that I'm on the screen and I'm just immediate head cut off. Wait, stop. That is so fun. I would absolutely Love that. So it's just Like I love to get really, I love that you're in every avenue right now too. All of it. Like the reinvention, it's so important to, do You think it's because you don't eat fast food? That you have all this energy, Maybe I'm gonna try it Or I don't know. Or it could be being happy. I think I was really miserable towards the end of my LA journey. Right? Mm. I think the pandemic ruined so much. And had you stayed, like, where would you be now? You'd probably be in a cult like Michelle fan. Yeah. Is she actually in a cult? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Michelle Fons in a cult I guess. And someone has her beauty line still.


But no, I've never seen anyone wear her makeup before. It's m beauty. It's the worst. Oh, I didn't, I've only ever known about Ipsy. I didn't even know she had a makeup line. Mm. But is okay so that she's, you just made light of this to me. But apparently she's interviewing Tati and she's still around. But all the clips I've seen, she's like not there. It's a, it's a, what is The quote? I don't know. It's like a vacant version of her and she got involved with some guy. She think people are controlling her. I don't know. It's bizarre. I just don't think, no offense 'cause she is an og. And. I. Don't wanna disrespect her. I've never said anything bad about her. And. I don't want to is I don't think that she's relevant anymore. Her opinion is not relevant. And that's not saying it in a negative way. Like fuck her. It's just a fact. Yeah. I don't think anyone is seeking out to see if she approves of the new makeup by Mario Palette.


I don't think anyone cares. Well 'cause was she ever known for like reviewing, she was almost known for like turning herself into like Transformations and Yeah. And that's so different. And, And she was at the forefront. And to me she was the first beauty YouTuber ever. Yeah. Og much respect to her. I didn't mean that in a negative way. I was just, I think her time has passed. Mm. Stop it right now. Yeah. I mean. Listen, I was sitting in a 25,000 square foot house by myself and my dogs. Mm. And I was like, I'm bored. Mm. I don't, I didn't want, I Can only have Tana Mongeau come over and eat Jack in the box so many Times. So many times. And it's Like, it kind of wears then. Yeah. you know. But it's also hard to look at a stranger and be like, the glass elevator and the theater got old. It's like no. Having so much shit and stuff that I thought I needed to fill a void.


Got old. And then once I woke up and had an ego death and realized I didn't need anything but myself. You Sold the pinball machines And didn't I have 'em all still? I do. I love pinball. It's really good though. But I, I sold like 90% of my clothes. I sold a lot of stuff. I shed a lot of things. And. I'm in that era right now as well. It's just, you realize you don't that stuff to, I'm big On that travel light through life. It is beautiful. Yeah. And Hollywood can just get so dark and you probably saw so much of the darkness of it. And it's, I'm just good for you for getting the fuck out. you know what I want to ask you about actually, I think Jeffrey would be a really good person to ask about this. We've been talking about it a bunch lately. Tunnels under Hollywood. Okay. Do you believe in them? Do you think they exist?


Have you been to them? They're real. Really? I knew I would know. No, I'm pissed. I'm not invited More. Nobody's Even thought to tell me about it. Keep going. Keep going. Well there's so many different tunnels because the old days I mean really. We built our city on top of a city that kind of already existed. So there's just a lot under there. And do you think celebrities really use them? Do you think people really use them? Yes. And you think it's the 1%, like you think it's just like the like It's definitely the 1%. And the problem is, is I've been invited to these scenarios and I've, I've felt like the sickest most lead cancerous feeling ever. And I've never gone down those routes. So.


So same with like Illuminati stuff. I'm sure you're gonna say the same thing. It's real. You've seen it but you didn't want to take a part in it. There was 'cause there was a while where people really thought you were Illuminati. Honestly, I was. People I'm still Not sure. We may still hang out sometimes. Damn. That's so crazy. I'm just not gonna be a Hollywood puppet and entertain anything dark or illegal. They tried to blackmail and coerce me over and over and over to do horrible things. And. I'm just not a horrible person. So you obviously believe all of this Diddy stuff is real and darker than it's even shown. Yes. Yeah. And I'm glad people are finally seeing it. I think when they saw him viciously assault, Cassie, it all made sense.


'cause all we do is know his music and he's great. And then I think when you actually see someone as a monster, it's like, holy fuck. Like yeah. Horrible. That's crazy. Jeffrey Star, just I mean that video ruined my month when I saw it. Yeah. Horrible. But so Horrible. It was almost like nothing positive about it. But I was happy that she was validated because I was reading her comments like right after she had sued him and got like pennies, but like comparatively and everyone's like, you were Out. Wasn't that For tech? You're so pathetic. Disgusting. Liar. Yeah. So sad. And immediately after it's funny. It's all like, go back and delete your comments. You guys are so embarrassing. Yeah. But it's satisfying. But it was like very weird.


He's Not that I would want anybody to have a video like that, but it's, It was like, I'm, I'm thankful there was proof to validate. Because when women aren't heard, I think that's the worst case scenario is when someone doesn't believe someone that is actually, Especially when someone so powerful, you assume that they, or like people I mean listen, accused them. I, I fully believe Diddy killed Tupac. So it's Like. I'm sure she knew all of that. You don't think he's in bed laughing about that shit once that NDA ink dries. Yeah. And they're not sitting in bed one day and he is like, that was fun when I killed. Don't say n Enough. That's that's beautiful. Yeah. It's, that's so Yeah. I think And Kim Porter right? She They off her? Absolutely. Mm. Allegedly. Mm. Yeah. Does it ever scare you to say things like this?


No, but I Guess I have no fear, which is why I don't think they've taken me out. I just didn't wanna play the games or be a puppet. The devil works hard, but Jeffrey Star works harder. Yeah. Yeah. That's nuts. I've sucked the devil off. He's not bad. It's kind of, He's kind of boring. That's Our third clip. Yeah. Oh My god. He's kind of boring. I love you so fucking much, Jeffrey. Start. We all have it. What show Now We all have it. I don't Pink. Wait, I don't see it. Oh, the six six. When did you get that? Did you get that during like your MySpace era? No, when they, so I didn't get indicted. I'm scared. Funny. No, the drummer of Metallica and Cat von D actually did that on me. It's a really cool story.


That's How are you I love, I love story. How are you and Miss Von d? I forgot about all that. We're still best friends. Shut the fuck Up. Oh, you're, you're, no, you're lying. You're not. I haven't Talked in so long. Yeah man. I saw her on Theo Vaughn. And I was like, whoa. Like I just forgot Like. I Forgot she existed. I know, I Know. That's what we need is you on Theo Vaughn. Jesus. Oh, so two days ago I just saw him. Really? Yeah. We just hung out at a bar. He did a, a show in Casper, Wyoming. He had the whole arena sold out in my little hometown and he was so fucking funny. He's also a client of ours. We, you know, we own Killer merch. Yes. Me and Mark and a friend, we print merch for a array of UFC influencers Always have, you've always killed it. No pun intended. And comedians, I would love to see you on this past weekend.


I feel like it'd be Theo. He has the best que he has questions Nobody would ever think to ask And I. Love that. Yeah. Did you watch the cat interview? Was it good? I watched, they were about like ghosts and shit. It was, I think Theo Yvonne could interview a blender. Yeah. He should be interests curious. So funny's the person to ask Anything. Isn't it bizarre? 'cause you guys have all had best friends for a long time and then all of a sudden you don't talk anymore. It's bizarre that she was such a big part of my life. Was there a falling out or was it just like, oh, am I, I don't think, am I dumb? I don't think Jeffrey's ever just peacefully walked away with anyone like, you know, and that, but some People you just grow apart. Yeah, that's true. This was like 2016. So you missed that.


Thankfully. Yeah. It was before Drama Getin. That was, I Remember that. It was way before, it was actually one of the first real big drama moments I had in my career because someone who is never in drama came out and tried to disparage and ruin my career and say a bunch of lies. It Was crazy. Yeah. Someone you loved so much. Yes. Best friend of 12 years. Went on camera all, all weirded out and made a weird salacious video about me. How crazy. Very bizarre. It's so crazy how many lives you've lived. Like the MySpace era. Even just one of the best Times. Like that's when I first knew Of you. So we were just in Vegas at the, when we were young festival with Mike ml Grm and Pierce Seve and all these bands. And it's like, it was the best. Like, I've been dying to go to that festival.


So good. I want you. And those were the best times being on the Band's Warp tour, being in tour buses, tour Touring girls. What do you think about all these TikTok boys now being like punk because you, you are punk. Listen like, you know punk, They're wearing a costume. It's cute. Well, let's see what happens In a couple, couple of years. You used to see crazy shit. I was Osborne shitting on the walls and shit. you know, like, yes. God, what did you, what's the craziest shit you saw in that time? Like, just like fucking, oh my God. Just people just being rock stars and just being outlandish and it was so fun. What's the craziest thing you ever did as a rock star? What is your version of crazy? Well when I think punk and crazy, I do think about the Motley Cruz of it all and the Ozzy Osborn's of it all.


All and the to, Yeah. Like I've never done anything. I don't know, I think people think I'm gonna say something really wild, but I don't know. Yeah, I just, I just like to, to have a lot just authentically you A lot of fun. Yeah. you know that's like nothing like getting banged out in Paris. That's what I've Always said. Oh my God. Yeah. In Paris specifically. That's where I had my final hurrah getting bang Up. Yeah. I double-ended Del. I love it. I've been on Air France just sucking. Oh my God. Absolutely. They have great food too. It do. It's just a whole Experience. They do. My God, it's a beautiful experience. The private jet just swallowing loads. Stop it. Yeah, now He Gets it. We just did that.


Art. I'm in, I'm in 42 B. So music though, like will you, you just said you were Yeah, you just immerse yourself back in That. So we just put out a couple new songs. I haven't recorded music in 12 years and my first album just turned 15 years old Beauty Killer. I was one Of, oh my god, there's so many birthdays Happening. I know. And I was one the first people. Your birthday. Your birthday, did it just pass or is it coming up November 15th. On November 26th. Oh really? Okay. So we just celebrated. It was 15 years old. It has Nicki Minaj on it and a bunch of people. Wow, That's so fun. It's, it's hot. So we rerecorded a song and made it country And I recorded two new songs and one of 'em Speeching, They're out or they're not out. They're out right now. I can't wait to stream.


They're Really good. I can't wait to stream. Yeah, there's, so there's three new songs. How Exciting are You Country now that you're in Wyoming? I really love, I gotta Hear This Country Live. So there is a country. Me Too. I'm song, I'm a Addicted, There's two Dance Rappy songs. One's called Hi, how Are Ya On Brand. And then the, and then there's another one called Red Lipstick featuring Yellow Wolf. The amazing rap brand That is so amazing. This is so amazing. I love, love To My Cobain. That's beautiful. Yeah. We re-released that. It's called Lollipop Killer. The little EP that has Yeah, It's so, you're inspiring me in so many ways. It's so fun. You always have inspired me in so Many, she did music before. People loved our shit. I just did music before her era. I would, I might delve back into all of it. Sure.


I'm revisiting so many things that I never thought I would like my Let's do a song together. Goodbye. And A YouTube moment. And a YouTube moment. I, I know that long form videos are never gonna do what Short form does now, but I OGs love it. I'm going to, I love it. Dive headfirst back into YouTube. The og. Love it. YouTube. Yeah. For my OGs. And I'm, I would love to do something with you, like just Do have to play later. It's fun. What'd you say? You have to play the songs later. They're fun. I am listening to all of them. I know. You'll copyright strike me, so I'll wait. No, you can put a many if you want. I can, we can give you the, the go ahead. The white label. Yeah. Yes. The white. Oh my God. Stop it. But I'm serious. I do wanna revisit YouTube and we gotta, I want to come to Wyoming anytime.


I really, I think A lot of come out and visit. You'd be surprised. Supposed a lot of talkers have been out there. A lot of streamers, a lot of people. Oh wow. Thought it was, I thought it was more exclusive. And. I had to beg. Bitch, I'm coming. Well, everyone goes To Jackson, Jacksonville. How far are you from Jackson? Five hours. I love only 'cause of the store. You said. Hold on. I Just keep hearing about Jacksonville, Wyoming. That's where everyone goes on their, their little ranch vacation. We really should. Lot of them do. Yeah. It's so, I would love to. So fun. I love it out There. I'm just, wow, Jeffrey. You're fucking, you're killing it. And I. We've always been killing it. We're we're cockroaches. And I can't. And you can't kill us. And It's, you can't, we're not going anywhere. It makes me so happy that all these years later, I've just always been able to call you a friend and like, still can, I could sit and talk to you for fucking eight hours. Same. But And I would love to have you on any time you want And I just, I'm like, I'll be a triple co-host this, Please.


We would love it. I would absolutely fucking love it. It's And I. Just love you so much. I really do. Same all of the things. Go watch the lives. Go by the products. Go. You don't need any promotion from us. But I will be reading that book and watching that tape and streaming that music and all of And I just, and I'm watching the tutorial that you're gonna post That part. Oh yeah. It had a deep throat And I'm, God, it's so funny. Deep Throat 1 0 1 And. I'm so excited for you and Tricia to have your moment too. Of the three of us should do something. It just, I love it. Feels good to love. I'm so happy that we're out of all the toxicity of those eras and we've all grown so much. But the small parts that we're able to hold onto that are still beautiful. We All have really Great memories. It's, it really, every time I see those clips it like, it makes me so happy.


And you didn't have to welcome me in And. I wasn't even a beauty guru. You didn't have to remake my how to cake your face like a pro and get 30 million views. When I met her, it was just like, we really just clicked. Have you seen Old Clips of us? Oh, of course. I was watching it in real time. That's so cool. There's No old clips for me. I was there. That's So cool. But now we are in just a new era and life is beautiful. I love, Love to see it. I feel like it's so cool. Like it's just cool to see. Listen, our final thoughts are nothing defines you and nothing is forever. And fuck everyone. I couldn't, I needed That. I couldn't agree more. I think you are the perfect guest for this time. Like, I'm genuine. I'm like tearing up like I'm so fucking, like, just, wow. I'm really happy to have you and Thank you episodes like this also make doing this podcast feel worth Living.


Yes. you know, really Thank you Of course Thank you for having I can't Thank you enough and I'm coming to see the ax Bitch, please. Oh my God. I didn't even even tell you what. Well, I know Mike Sned told you about how I shoved a Jeffrey Storm makeup brush up my ass. But that's a different story. That's hard for a different time. My favorite part of the show. Well, when I've been telling that on stage Would came up to me, I didn't obviously expect that story. Yeah. I was like, hi. Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah. That's actually how we started talking. 'cause Mike, 'cause on stage on tour, I've been telling this story about how I shoved to Jeffrey Star ex morphine makeup brush up my ass when I was tripping with Tart and Turks and Caicos and why I had to shove it up my ass. And this is my Favorite. It's just so recognizable, So iconic. And I was trying to remove something out of my ass. Like a cake pop with a Jeffrey Star ex Morphie pointed eyeshadow brush that you carve your crease with.


And That's what Morphie still owes me money. Me too. Well, what? Let me stop. Well, The bankruptcy, I'll never get my 1.6 million. Yeah. That's how much they owed me before they filed. How does that work? You're doing a collab with Morphy. They owe you this money. Like obviously I've got, I got paid several times and then the next payment was the 1.8. They decided, well the, the new CEO fell into cancel culture. Right. Linda, Lisa, That was, that was way past that. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, whatever. And at the end of the day, they owed me and a bunch of people money still we're never gonna get it. They filed for bankruptcy and they, I can't believe That's allowed, but I guess there's nothing you can really do about it.


I Know. But then it's like they're just moving forward paying other creators. So that's, that's, oh Yeah. How does that make sense? I don't know. There's no like back pay situation. We just had the Did you get Cancelled? Is that No. Well, you were saying they fell into cancel culture. Culture. I was meaning like, they just decided out to work with me over the second video. Oh. When the second video came out. And, I got Cancelled and Morph didn't wanna work with me. Da da dah. What did I do wrong? Like to the core of it, what did people think that I did wrong? They just said, I, I'll never know. They just thought I was a shitty person. I'll never know. But it is just nuts with Cancelled culture. And I. Don't know. What did I do? Like you would, well I've done a lot of things wrong that, that I've apologized for, moved past. This specific moment in time was so bizarre.


Do you hold resentment towards what? Just that like No, That's good. I don't, that's, that's, I'm like, like what? No, I don't. Yeah. That makes me happy. Yeah. That makes Me, I've healed and move past. It was, it was a crazy scenario. It was obviously supposed to happen. The universe gave me that challenge and we all dealt with it differently. Mm. But looking back, I just wish, I don't know that, I think saying you wish things would've happened differently is just selfish and everything's supposed to happen how it was. But I wish people could have sought with a different eye. Mm. It will forever be a polarizing moment in internet pop culture history. But I Agree with you that I think it needed to happen. And, I think that. Yeah. And people miss that era. So with, with me and McKayla, whatever it is that's happening, all I did was speak my opinion and it's obviously turned into this really massive thing on TikTok.


Right. I think the thing is, is that people in the comments are saying they miss our old era. Like they don't, there's no new rising. I miss it. There's no new rising beauty stars and there's no big, there's not many creators. It's me, her, and a couple girls. So it's like the beauty community is so small and lacking new blood, cool people and funny shit. The oog, the OGs all suck. Damn. Maybe I'll pop out and be a baby Guru. Please. Let's make a lip liner. And if he doesn't wanna That part, like Fuck my bad. It's so, yeah. I don't know. It's, it's in a weird time. And I think a lot of people missed that era 'cause it was so engaging and there was so much happening. Well, And there were really genuinely on YouTube maybe 25 to 30 creators that were really doing it and people were really attached to.


It's just, yeah. Now with short form content, it's so oversaturated that the, it's too easy now to love and fall in love with someone in their weekly video in their life. I don't think it will ever happen again in that way. And it, it is nostalgic and almost sad. It is Like I. Even dude Like I. This makes, I can't even believe I'm saying this out loud, but I miss like Logan Paul's vlogs. I Like I would wait on them every week. Like they're just yours. And at Time different entertainment. Yeah. And then Shane came in with the long form Document, really popped it up. And I was like, what feeling when an episode of Shane Dawson's documentary had just dropped will never be recreated again. In my opinion. Ever. And it's, it is like, it makes me sad. I don't know why, but I do have such an attachment to that era forever.


you know? You know, I almost feel like when long form you got to know someone a lot better. So now, like people are attached to you still because they know so much about your life. I feel like any beauty people like you only know that they're doing makeup and that's it. I need to know everything about your life. And people just aren't entertaining enough to make a 20 minute video ding. you know, gonna Walmart. Right. Like now it's Like I. It's, it's just TikTok. It's, it's just diff a different time. The only videos that I'm enjoying watching are the two grown men that find pedophiles and beat the fuck out of them. Modern day. Chris Hansen. Yes. Those are my, wait, I didn't know about that are my favorite. I thought you were say the Costco guys. No, these dudes, they, they, you know, they obviously, they're decoys and then they, they go to wherever it is, Walmart and they're filming and they upload all the clips to Twitter, beating the fuck out of them.


They don't care. The old days people are nodding. People just film like, oh, okay. Chris Hansen, you're gonna go to jail. Yeah, no, these dudes, they start beating him in the side of the head. They start punching the fuck. That's honestly fucking awesome. The One from yesterday. I have to show you guys later. He takes a pumpkin and smashes on the guy's head. And that's, and he's so fucked on the ground. Just like, yeah. And he wanted an 11-year-old. He should be fucking Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Damn, that's lit. That Is lit. By the way, when I lived in LA I had one gun. Now that I lived in Wyoming, I have 150 firearms. How are ya? I wanna get one so bad. Please Come do a photo shoot with my Israeli AK 47. I need to show you my stalker. It's actually Insane. Yes, yes. We have a hundred ars pink gold plated the fuck gun. Yeah, you're lying. And we're also allowed to have silencers and suppressors on our guns.


So I have 50 of those. Holy fucking shit. Yeah. I Like, I wanted a gun. 'cause my stalker. That's so fun. I'm so fucking scared. This man's gonna kill me. And it's like, yes, I have security with guns outside, but there's something about if I could sleep with it in my nightstand and You should get one. We should do like a There was an era in my life where I didn't need to have a gun and everyone was like, No. Yeah. I'll help you get one. That's so fun. We should have like little, little pink. You guys go live at six? Yes. We have to do a couple of tiktoks. We have to. We have To. Let's do it. Jeffrey. Jeffrey Lynn. Wait. I love you. Okay. I love you. We'll Do our, I love you. And then I'll get the, the bad lightings coming in. Don't look at me. No, You look gorgeous from my angle. Really fist Me. Yeah. 'cause it's Like I love fist. Me. I'm Like I. Don't I, don, I'm so Can I just say, it's so funny I don't all Because the second these cameras go off, I'm getting the real tea and that's like this Like I.


Don't tell him that. It's just like, it's nuts. Like what's gonna Happen? I'm so tight. That's the realty that Is. I've always said that about you. I can't, I can't be fist. No, I've Said that about you. I've tried. I can't I've You're Looking at, you're looking at me like I'm a liar. Aaron's So afraid. It's so funny that he works for this podcast 'cause he is just so sweet. Okay guys. We love you. We love you. Jeffrey Lynn Thank you for having me ladies. I really appreciate it. Tana. I love you friend. That.