
They dazzled this holiday season by Northern Virginia's largest drive-through light show at Bull Run Festival of Lights. Celebrate the holidays as a family while staying warm and cozy as you slowly drive through. Two and a half miles of dazzling displays in Bull Run Regional Park in Centerville va. Visit November 22nd through 27th and save $5 with promo code iHeart five perfect outing for the family. Or a cozy date night during the holidays. Get your tickets today at Bull Run festival of lights.com.


Whether a date night or family holiday outing Meadowlarks Winter walk of Lights is the perfect way to experience the magic of the holidays, the half mile walkthrough, Vienna's enchanting, Meadowlark Botanical Gardens features lighted nature themes and sparkling displays. Make this holiday season a little bit brighter. Buy tickets at winter walk of lights.com. Save $2 per admission using code iHeart when you visit before December 5th. That's winter walk of lights.com.


Hello And. welcome back to the Cancelled Cancelled. Podcast Podcast. I love these like fall night episodes. Me too. It's finally getting cool. Well, today was like 75 degrees, so I don't, I don't wanna say it's getting cooler. Wednesday is 85 degrees. It is mid-November. Yeah, that is a little crazy. It's Like I tried to wear like a jacket the other day. And I was hot. But like when I look back on Cancelled history, all of my favorite memories are like night and it's cold outside. Like just of episodes like Marianne when we filmed that episode. What a good Time like With my Bob. I love that. That's like my best. Or like, maybe not the actual cut, but I love that length of your hair really. But like at that point I think you had just taken like scissors to your extensions.


Yeah, it was not, it's so funny that that's our like most viral episode ever. So that always happens to me. Like you me with the toothbrush, the red lip Like, I, just, I loved That red lip. You have so much to say about that red lip. I think it's slayed. But anyways, I am excited to film tonight. I'm trying to get in like an upbeat, I was crying all day yesterday. Like it just, why? Well first of all, I just get very emotional. Like just around my period sometimes like one in every five periods I'm like just such a crier. But every video, every Kamala, everything. Yesterday I was just like sobbing. I don't know. Yeah, her speech did make me feel better though. It did. I almost felt like she was like, it's okay. It's gonna be all right. you know what I mean? Yeah. It was like, and good for her. Like I just, I was really thinking about the strength it takes to, She was so graceful about it.


I was thinking, I was telling Bibe beforehand, I'm like, imagine like how anxious you are because you put so much of your time and your energy and your money and everything into this campaign and like she's so emotionally invested in it. Of course. And so many people are. I'm just so sad. Yeah. I was probably just like Horrible. It's crazy. I know people like really hate hearing. It's so interesting. 'cause whenever we talk about politics or our thoughts, all the comments or like, Don't fucking talk about that. Just that Like I saw these tiktoks today, like asking us to speak up. And I was Like I. Just feel like I've been seeing so many takes on the internet that are really good and Me too. And I saw. I've seen a lot of people just like changing my perspective a little bit. Like saying like there's no sense in like being pessimistic and thinking like the sky's falling and everything's gonna end because It's hard to like remain with hope, but you definitely still have to like try, you know what I mean?


I've been seeing a lot about the four B movement. Have you been seeing that? So like over in God, and I'm gonna butcher this and this is why people get mad, but just you'll understand the gist, obviously do your research. This is, I'm not trying to educate anyone, but over, I think in Korea, the women were essentially saying, Hey, we don't have any rights. Like this is fucked. And so they all stopped dating and having sex and essentially went celibate. And for the first time ever, the death toll was higher than the birth toll. And that's like very scary for like repopulation. But they were saying like, we're not gonna keep generating babies if you're not gonna like give us our rights.


Good. Yeah. So I'm celibate now. Sorry. McCullough. Yeah. I don't know. It's heavy. I just am trying to not be like negative about it because it's Like. I feel like there's nothing. It's like outta my hands. It's crazy. I saw this guy tweeting. I, I don't know his name, but he's like a very heavy Trump supporter and he is like famous for it. And he just tweeted like, your body my choice. Like yada yada. It's, it is so scary. These certain men that are taking it there, like it, it's just like, it's horrifying. It's horrifying as a woman for sure to see things like that and people like that. Even just it, you have to hope that those people are just like troll Like, I hope.


The fact that there are so many men out there who really do like, want Genuinely feel that way. Yeah. And want to take our rights away. It's so scary and it does feel very regressive. But speaking of that, I'm like becoming such a like movie reviewer. But have you seen Women of the Hour? No. You need watch it tonight. Like promise me I'll watch it. It's on Netflix. Anna Kendrick accident and she directed and Produced it. Oh, I, I have seen women. Oh, okay. Yes. Yeah. Loved it. It was so good. I Didn't realize it was based on a true story. Yeah. Completely. Based on a true story. It's such a crazy movie. It's, I've never seen a movie that so accurately depicts the feeling that it is to be a woman and to be scared of a man and to have to fawn, to get away from a man and all of those like type of things.


I feel like it's gonna go down in history. The difference of this movie versus it ends with us. Like what they, I feel like this movie is exactly what it ends with us was like kind of trying to do and just like Blake Lively obviously failed that so hard. Anna Kendrick didn't make a dollar from it. Like she Didn't, she well she did, but she donated it all, Which is amazing. I also, I just think everybody in that movie was so amazing. The guy who played the Murderer, he was brilliant. He was just so good at Like. I was feeling like afraid of him like Through the screen. Yeah. And it is just so crazy that that shit is based on a true story. And the fact that the one girl lived, because he took her out to the forest. He hurt her. I'm assuming he was going to kill her.


Like he was gonna kill all of her victims. But then she flipped it on him and she was like, don't tell anyone about this. And then she ended up living, It's so crazy that she thought to do that. It's so, I would love to like hear from her. I tried to look up if they had any like, actual documentaries on it after. I can't remember if there were any or not. Yeah. It's, it's a very like, fucking nutty, crazy story. I'm, I'm now on this side of TikTok of like real women telling stories about how they've like protected themselves against men. And it's just so crazy. All of the things that you have to do inherently as a woman that like men will never think about. Like, you know what I mean? Like just like waiting in public spaces before you go to your car and like making sure to remain eye contact so they, they don't think that you're an easy victim and like just all the crazy things that women have to do to like protect themselves.


It's just wild. It is And. I needed a taser Dude. There were just people casing my house right now, so, you know, well I don't wanna say her name, but I have a friend who lives like two streets over and her whole house just got like completely robbed. There's like a robbery. I cannot wait to move out of this neighborhood. And I think people are trying to case my house right now. There's been two people in the last week that have been seen like outside of my house, like looking in like ear. I Know. What does case mean? Like, Like, like checking out the vibes. Like how easily ble and it's crazy because I have security. So it's like these people are like, so, because the LAPD just doesn't care that hard. Like do you know what I mean? Like it's just like these people are so confident that even with security that like they could rob me and like, that's horrifying.


Oh, that's Terrifying. Do you think they robbed that your friend though? Because she's like very like everyone knows how rich she is. That's true. She is like a publicly known billionaire. Yeah. But at the same time like, well She, I almost think a billionaire would be harder to rob, But also like that's on her for buying a house over here. I guess this, yeah, She's not in a gated neighborhood or something. She's a billion with a bee. It is nuts. But I mean they just rob these houses. Like it's absolutely fucking nothing. Especially with all the like glass. Like they just, I'm like with this house that I'm getting, I have to get all this like glass shattered detection shit. And it's just 'cause like once they rob you, like the police are not helping you. You have to do everything to like stop them in the act, which is so nuts.


I'm excited to move a little further away though. I think I found a house. I'm so happy for you. Can you tell me about it? First of all, love And. I. I'm gonna tell you why I'm scared. Why are you scared? I'm only scared because of its location because it adds an extra 45 minutes to your drive time. It Is a little far. It's, you know what's funny is I was originally looking at houses in Calabasas just because Calabasas is really safe and like Hidden Hills, whatever. I actually, I went And I toured a house in Hidden Hills, which I didn't even know I could afford. First of all, I was Like I didn't think they like that. That was the tax bracket. But I went to go tour this house in Hidden Hills and this is where Kim Kardashian lives. Drake lives. We passed Lil Wayne's house on the way. Ooh. And.


I have such a hot take. You don't like it over there. Have you ever been inside of Hidden Hills? No. Like I hadn't either. I'd been in like a lot of neighborhoods in Calabasas. But this is the neighborhood, like all the rappers rap about it. It's again, it's where all the Kardashians live and like whatever. So you just imagine, imagine it to be very grandiose and like for example, even this house I was touring, I'll like get into it in a second, but it's like even just for a plot of land there, it's very expensive. And like the guard gates just like a little hut, like one girl working and we just like, we drove in the neighborhood and it was so creepy. Like very much felt like, don't worry darling. Like Harry styles, vibes like all white picket fences and like the p like all the front doors are open And.


I'm just like, wait, I love that. Like go to your neighbor's house I Guess. But it was just, it was really creepy. And we show up to tour this house and it's like it blew up in fucking landed there. First of all, I can't afford Hidden Hills. That was the moral of the story here. Like the, an actual house in there would be out of my tax bracket. And we get to this house and normally real estate agents as well. I feel Like I probably toured 50 houses in the last like month. So I feel like I've gotten a good consensus of the average real estate agent, their age, what they look like, their vibe, whatever. And this old creepy man gets outta the car and he takes us in and like the lights are flickering. I had a whole panic attack in the house. I like, did you ever walk in a house and you just feel like such a negative vibe?


Yeah. And Like I was just telling you about that earlier. Every single room was painted like kids' rooms but really creepy. Like there was a rainbow painted on one of the walls that it looked like someone like did with their fingertips. Like so and like lights. What if it was Someone's little baby Brooke? It was so creepy. I had like a literal full panic attack and had to leave the house. I was like, and then I Googled it and someone died there. You Have to imagine that someone's died in pretty much every house. Like houses are so old here and people die. I know people, people do be croaking, but it's just like, I'm really trying to find a house that no one's croaked in. I just keep And It's like you, that's like kind of like, then you're gonna need a new build and then you end up with a dead dentist office house and you don't want that.


I know. Well I do think I found my house to the hunt is finally like borderline over. But I think through this process I've learned that I think I'm a psychic medium. And I can tell when people have died in houses. My only thing is don't marry the house because Until I, until I get those keys, it is not mine. I am Like. I'm in the Yeah, It's so common. I feel like people fall in love with a house. You're so committed. You think you start planning furniture and everything and then I know Until I mean it pull through or someone puts in a better offer. I know, but I will like, oh my God, fight for her. I'm fighting for her. I really, I just, I feel like I've toured every single house. I Wanna map it like from my house and see how long it's gonna take. 'cause like it Is a little further, but I'm willing To commute. I'm just thinking if Like I need to get you anywhere, I'm like, oh, we're toast. Leaving Hollywood is very important to Me.


It's also gonna be good for You. I was touring houses in Hollywood Hills. And I just was, I felt like it was like giving party bachelor crash pad, that type of era. And it's just, I'm out of it. I'm excited in. Okay. Some of our favorite houses, like think like Whitney's house. Whitney's house is like an hour away, but it's the most gorgeous house you've ever seen. Yeah. And this house, it's like, it's beautiful. It's new, but it does have some character. And. I just, I think it's gonna be really great. I'm really excited. But you're right. I can't marry it until I have the keys. I'm sure I'll be on here next week talking about how someone outbid me that's like a finance guy and I'm gonna be so fucking pissed. But no, you're gonna get it. At Least it's not in Hidden Hills. I couldn't believe it. We drove past Kim Kardashian's house. It was like two minutes from her house. Really? And there was like guards outside. I couldn't even look. I just felt Like I wasn't even allowed to look. But it would've been, it's crazy that two minutes down the road there's like a little murder plot for sale for $5 million.


Like I couldn't. This house was $5 million. Brooke And I. Swear to God it was Like I struggle though. 'cause sometimes you say that And I don't think that they're that bad. Maybe just like, No it was like flickering lights and like carpet with like piss and shit and like no, like Not pissing shit carpet Like barbed wire around the pool. These are no exaggerations. Like it was like really like really scary. And I was like, damn, it's, it's just crazy how much you pay. I'm realizing for like the neighborhoods. Yeah. Oh it's, oh yeah, of course. 'cause you can theoretically do whatever you want with that house. And now like if you were to make it beautiful, now you have a beautiful house in Hidden Hills. That's True. That is Really true. I hot take though.


I fuck so hard with carpet. I love carpet. I wish every house had carpet. Well, it's a sensory dream, but it's a buffalo sauce nightmare. Yeah. I think it's like bedrooms are for carpet and bedrooms are not for buffalo sauce. Contrary to popular belief. Yeah. It's so funny. I'm like already looking at like microwaves and fridges to put in my room. That's my dream. You got me a pink toaster. I'm gonna put it in My room. Yeah. I I gifted her this gorgeous pink toaster And I just found it. I'm like looking for a fork in the kitchen. I found it stuffed away in a drawer underneath like mail. I just feel like not everyone's vibe is Peppa Like I. Try to keep my ification to a minimum. There's a Peppa Shrine in this house. I am actually, I hate to even say this 'cause I, I don't think I'm, I've come to with it yet, but I think I'm parting with my Peppa Shrine.


You can't, those were gifted to you by thousands of fans. I'm going to keep certain pieces that mean a lot to me. Like, you know what I mean? Like ones like that. But the Peppa records and Like I have a whole Peppa doctor set. Like, it's like there are certain things that I got you the Peppa doctor set. Did you? I did. Okay. So I'll keep that One nurse. Peppa, I'll keep that one. But there's just Like, I have like three pepper rugs. Like I think that there is a place I could donate it and a lot of underprivileged kids would really enjoy. Okay, you got me with the underprivileged Kids. Like I. Just the, there's a whole room full of Peppa shit. I went downstairs yesterday and I'm like, did we really have to ball out at Bucky's like that?


Like it's like the amount of bucks. Yeah. In my house. I'm just, I'm, I'm ready for I wanna move light through life. And you taught me that And I am very excited to be turning over that leaf. But enough about how I think Hidden Hills sucks. No, it's, it's not that I just, you really do hear about it all the time and it's spoken about so crazy. And it was just a really eerie, eerie like dystopian, don't worry darling Gray scale kind of dingy vibe. I was expecting the Hills to be a little more hidden. you know, shit, it's giving the hills have eyes. Ooh. But it's like obviously the Kardashians and Drake and all those people who live in there probably just buy plots of land and then build their dream conglomerates.


Yeah. Likes not huge compounds. Yeah.


Got an appetite for excitement. Philip on Sauce Boss Barbecue. The newest exclusive slot game from DraftKings Casino. Play for Mouthwatering wins. And check out one of a kind features like the collection multiplier and progress saving New players play just five bucks to score 50 instantly in Casino Credits. Download the app and sign up with Code Cancelled Then get a taste of Sauce Boss Barbecue exclusively on DraftKings. Casino The. crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut help is available for problem gambling. call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCPG dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically. present in Connecticut Michigan. New Jersey, Pennsylvania West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply one offer per new casino customer Casino Credits are non withdrawable and expire in 168 hours. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See casino.draftkings.com/get 50 ends November 24th. 2024. Game availability varies by jurisdiction. Thank, you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


If you had other people living on your compound, who would you choose? Like if you had a compound like with multiple houses, who would live there? Everyone I know you everyone. I would poach absolutely everyone. Aaron. Dude, I heard Elon Musk is building a compound for all his baby mamas and they're all gonna live in separate houses. But he has I think like 11 kids or something. I had a dream the other night that him, And I went on a dinner date and he really liked me. And I've come to the conclusion that I do think Elon Musk would really like me. I don't know, I don't think he would like me, but I could see you guys getting along. I feel like you could really like, like keep up with a conversation with Elon. Although I don't know if he's much of a conversationalist. It surprises me that he is so Maga Did you see his like dark Maga?


I was like, what world are We in? No, it doesn't surprise me because did you see how much more he's worth like today than he was yesterday? What? It's Like I. Think like hundreds of millions of dollars. Oh, I I mean. Yeah, I guess the like 1% of it all Like I. Think Tesla stock went up today. Like Like I. Forget how it was like something really stupid. He's worth around $270 billion. Jesus Christ. But it was like something that like as of today, Like I don't know what I saw. But I'm like, no shit. He like, as a Trumpy, I guess that's true. But I just feel like with how progressive he is, like technologically. Yeah you Can't, you can't have a kid named like the X Xbox. Yeah. And Like I. That's just Like.


I don't know. Like in, in my head I feel like, Yeah, I don't know. I guess it just doesn't really make sense to me. Like he just, I don't know. Doesn't he have a kid with Amber Heard? He does. Isn't that crazy? It's crazy when I see Like I know they have a kid. I know everybody in Hollywood is like kind of interconnected but still it feels like, like that's so sweet. Life of Hannah Montana. Like what do you mean Amber Heard has a kid with Elon Musk. It is crazy. My friend for a while was dating this guy. Have I told this story on Cancelled before? I Don't think so. My friend was dating this guy, one of my really good friends. And so I would hang out with him a lot. And I, like didn't know his. I feel like I've told this story on Cancelled and if I have him I'm such a piece of shit. But I was hanging out with him all the time. Like we ended up getting like pretty fucking close. And then little things just started happening.


Like I. Remember one day I was playing crusty Crab Cookoff on my phone and then we're gonna get into iPhone games in a second. 'cause I have to tell you something sad. And he comes up to me and he's hanging out at my house and he is like, oh my God, like that game looks so fun. I'm gonna make a game just like it. And he came back the next day and like on his phone he had made a prototype game that was just like the game I was playing. And it was like even better. And I was just like, this is so weird that he like, do you know what I mean? Especially 'cause he was just like young and like, just like a, like a in my head, like a Hollywood kid, like whatever. And then he was younger too. And so there was a day where he had to go get his ID is to Elon Musk's Kid.


Yeah. That's like essentially where it's like gonna go, oh, sorry. He had to go get his ID or his fake ID or something. And so my friend took him and they said that like my friend drove him to go pick up the id and they pull up and it's just like this metal compound situation. They get it, he sees on his ID that it says Musk and then Like. I know him obviously. So then my friend ends up telling me like later after hanging out and he looks just like him. He looks just like him and like it's just so wild. It's it's so wild. And yeah, so he ended up like telling me a lot about his lore and like whatever. And he is, and he's like kind of becoming famous now really?


But not In a good way. But people don't still don't know. Oh, people still like, like his name isn't Musk like outwardly and people still don't know. And I'm like wondering if it's gonna happen that, oh, I would be waving that like a flag. My dad is Elon. Mm. While I'm on the subject of iPhone games. Are you gonna tell me you spent a stupid amount of money on the other game? Travel. Town. I wanna put a PSA out here too. Wait, didn't talk about this In the last Episode. I did. I talked about it and people have been tweeting me now they're Like. I'm downloading it because of you. And I'm not fucking kidding. Do not download the game. Travel Town. Like it was getting so fucking bad for me where I was like, there was a night like where I think you And I were podcasting the next day.


And, I'm exhausted. Like I've been doing so much. I've been barely fucking sleeping. I stayed up until six 30 in the morning playing Travel Town. I spent hundreds of dollars on Travel Town so that I could sit there. And all you do the entire premise of the game is just merging rocks to make seashells. And then you make bigger seashells and then you make bigger seashells. And that's it. There's no winning, there's no final answer. There's no fun graphics, there's nothing You run out of the energy. You have to keep buying the energy. Anyways. So eventually I'm like trying to figure out little things in the game, you know, like how do I get the quirky orange shell? Right? And so naturally I go on Travel Town Reddit.


Okay. And I'm like reading the Travel Town Reddit for like hacks on, you know, how to play the game better and whatever. And I, I organize it to top posts. Okay. And it is all these fucking people broke. I swear to God on the Bible being Like I am eight months clean. You can do it too. Like, like no. And going into like the, like how it ruined their life, like how they were spending their rent and their bills and everything on Travel Town. Like a real, like a gambling addiction, but like Merging. It's like, it's made for people who have a DH ADHD like me and like dopamine problems. Like it's made to like really release and center your dopamine and they're fucked. Like the way that Like I saw a million ads, that's how it got me.


And they move buttons in the game. Like let's say a button that you're constantly using to like play. They'll make that like a buy something button so that like, you don't even know. And it's like, oh shit, it's so fucked up. Like, like these people are preying on innocent victims up like me. Aw, And I can't even, I utterly cannot believe. So I am, I had, I made Paige delete and put a child lock I mean Paige had to spend an hour and a half the other day putting a child lock on Travel Town for me because I, I stayed up till 6:00 AM like 300 Bucks. I wear You will your willingness to get better because No, I'm, I'm like a week and a half clean off Travel Town And I. Don't want anybody to download it or any thought you were all exaggerating.


Finally deleted. I'm officially a quitter. Goodbye. We had a good, I'm not kidding dude. I'm not kidding. I'm ashamed of my addiction. Brooke. This is actually insane. No And I. I promise you I quit the day, the update after I haven't looked back. That is so funny. No, this is evil. That's one of the ones where they moved the button but Finally deleted this game. I I've spent more money on it than I'm willing to admit. No, it's bad. It's really bad. I'm gonna download it. But I that I'm gonna test because I always say I don't have an addictive personality, so I'm gonna see if I can walk away from Chapel town. Fucking Pick me. No, but no, no. I, I'm was just gonna say that.


Ask someone that's like saying, I just wanna try crystal meth once. Yeah. Like, no, but I know, I do think it has a certain type of victim. And I. Am it And I. Just wanna put a PSA out there. It's crazy. What, Where do you think that money goes? Like, because it's like, is it a free app? It's a free app, but it's made to make you bbs download stop. No, the it's, it got to the point where I would be playing And I would stop and I'm just playing it in my head. Like I just couldn't wait until the time where I like got it. Like really fucked me up. And I was just Like I can't believe people were asking me if I was sponsored and Like I just, Well, don't get It. I was gonna say I wouldn't take the sponsorship, but if they hit me up and they said you can play for free forever. I no, but I would just feel bad 'cause it is like really?


Yeah, I don't know. It was really fucking up, really fucking up my week. Well, I'm glad we got through it. I guess there's worse things to be addicted to, but it's not really good to be addicted to anything There Are, but it's like, it was just crazy, like the contrast, like, I'm then touring houses and thinking about my future and it's like, you're, you're blowing money on this game. You're addicted to that you don't even wanna spend money on like, it they really got me. Good. I'm glad it wasn't like months. And I'm glad I found the Reddit and saw that it was like, could create a serious problem. And Like I haven't. Paige has a password. You got Ahead of It. I just, I just actually can't believe Like I felt extreme victim to Trump home. You're gonna end up having like a secret phone. No, And. I'm not alone. Like. I'm really not. Oh my God. My iPad.


I hate that you, oh my God. I've gotta get her to, I'm so sorry. I know. I'm gonna make Nicole put a child lock on the iPad. I'm literally Not kidding. Why Do you even have an iPad? Baby? Stop. Baby's Already playing. She Said, I can see why it's addicting. Just play with caution. I also think that there are games where if you're spending money and stuff to like build something for fun and it's, you're not feeling shame and guilt about it. Like that's one thing. But it's just, there's no like progress. And I miss it now. And I'm like watching her play it And I'm like, fuck, I wanna play. No, you're better off without it. No, it was, I Am for sure five days clean. Like, Not kidding. It's just, it's crazy. Especially because of me coming off of alcohol. I think it's one of those things too where they say you move one addiction to the other.


And I was like, I'm not about to like be so sober and killing it and then have my life overcome by seashell merge game. You Should start doing like water sports or something. Okay. You're amazing in the water. I Do love the water, but I'm just too fake. Like in LA What About like AOB water aerobics? It could be fun. I'm just, I'm right now my self tan addiction is getting a little bad too. I like all week I was, I was trying to embrace my pale because you kind of inspired me. Stop being a slave to the aisle of Paradise And I. Just like, it's really crazy how much that orange juice helps my dopamine and my self image. See I I did feel that way until I started.


Everyone's like, Brooke, you literally look like a Cheeto puff. I've never thought you did in person. I think that was just the filter. Well it's, it's how I photograph. It's how I do my makeup. I do like Loki have makeup blindness. I don't wanna talk about it, but I do And I know. But like, it's fine. It's like a phase that I'm just gonna have to get through. What do you mean makeup blindness? No, it's Like I Like I. Really? I look in the mirror and I'm like, I'm slang. And then I watch this back And I like, What do you, what do you think you need to do? You mean your foundation color? Like what are You talking? Well that my bl I sometimes I really take it cr like over the top with the blush. I Think your makeup looks beautiful, but one time you did bully me into the ground for having birthday makeup. So I'm just gonna Let you fucking cook on your own. Like, First of all, I love birthday makeup.


I am obsessed with birthday makeup. It's my favorite style. I was usually Me when I lie. I love birthday makeup, but I have a, I have a bone to pick with birthday makeup because it's a cut crease. And I. Can't do a cut crease because I have hooded eyes. Me either. Honestly. Me either. I'm honestly so tapped out of makeup after Halloween. That's all I know getting, I just don't like to wear makeup anymore. But it's Like I like to have makeup on. I just don't like to put it on And I don't like to take it off. I That's I'm serious. Halloween avatar. Oh Yeah. It was So Mako And I obviously finally lived out our avatar fantasy. And it was such a fun day. Like just seeing him get fucking painted blue, like, and really thinking about like, this man had no idea his life was going to go here.


And that just, obviously coming from our weird porn day was a little strange, but it was really fun. And you can buy exclusive content from that day. Now you're selling content of you and Mako as avatar Titties blue titties. I have, I still have blue in my nipple ring. Here's what I was going to get to. And under my nails, I, the girl came and painted me and she was so sweet. She gave me remover and she was like, Hey this, you know, it'll come off with this whatever. Like, but I think maybe for someone else it would've been easy. I just now got un blue Like I. I've been blue for a week. I thought me and Mako were gonna have this sexy, sexy avatar shower where we like scrub it off of each other.


Like I started fighting with this man so crazy. The blue paint clogged my drain. We're up to our ankles blue. I saw You were like swimming in blue And it took us like five and a half hours to get the blue off or stained blue. Everything in my house was blue. Like it was so fucking awful. I, I went through like three bottles of body wash hole nine. I get in my bed stained blue. I open my TikTok video of James Charles being avatar with seven people removing it off of him. And I was like, wow, this is how people do that shit. Like. I just, I've never painted my whole body, but I've always dreamt of it. But maybe not blue blue's a color to take out too. That's true. It does like really stain.


It was honestly so, so, so fun. But it was, It was so cute. You, you FaceTimed me And. I was shocked. It was so much fun. But it was like they, she had to paint my whole body blue, all my cracks and crevices and orifices. 'cause I wanted to do the spicy website. Oh, so did you tip her good? I did tip her good, but she was like in my nipple and my guts. So Wow. What a trooper for that. I'm serious. It was amazing. I actually can't think about it too much because I'm like, there's no way I am selling like nudes as avatar right now in this woman. I think it's amazing. I think it's inspirational. Think that's a girl Boss. Look I'm selling nude the avatar. Like, that's crazy.


And what about it? Like prosthetic on my ear, titties out. Like imagine me, I'm like on my knees. You Had an ear prosthetic. Oh Yeah. I had the whole thing. It was crazy. It was really, really crazy. But just imagine me in that studio and my titties are out and Maddie's shooting me and she's like, mouth a little more open. Okay, get on your knees. And I'm like, what the fuck is my Like? I? Love it. That's why they pay you the the big bucks. I Think that it was just like, if I didn't take it there, It would've been a waste. I Wouldn't take it there. Like It's waste. At least you like could wash it off knowing like, oh, I got my bag out of This. I definitely did. I actually still have some more content from it that I need to put up tonight. Maybe I will. Well that's exciting. I sounded Like. I was like being sarcastic, but I wasn't.


No, It's yeah. Now just imagine that. Oh That, see that's a slight, you are blue as fuck too. It Was crazy. It was so fun. It was really, really fun. And I actually Maa look like literally he like has like the angular features. Like he looks like he could be in the movie. Yeah, it's, it was so fun. We were like, we went places after this too. Paige wanted to like go through a drive through and we were like in a liquor store. Who made Koen stand? Like I Just can't imagine being like koan just being, fuck. Okay, Look At your foot. Look at that point. Oh my god. I had to reshape my foot so much smaller than that. It was like as long as my calf, it was as long as my calf. I don't know if it was the angle or what's going on there, but did You arch your feet a little bit more?


'cause like there, there's no way. No, I have a crazy arch. We've been over this. You do have a crazy arch. I have a crazy Arch. PJ's got a good arch on her too.


I love a great deal as much as the next guy, but I'm not going to crawl through a bed of hot coals just to save a few bucks. It has to be easy. No hoops, no bs. So when Mint Mobile said it was easy to get wireless for $15 a month with the purchase of a three month plan, I called them on. It turns out it really is that easy to get wireless for $15 a month. The longest part of the process was the time I spent on hold waiting to break up with my old provider. It was so easy to switch to Mint Mobile to get started. Go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Cancelled. There you'll see that. Right now all three month plans are only $15 a month, including the unlimited plan. All plans come with high speeded data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all of your existing contacts. Find out how easy it is to switch to Mint Mobile and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. To, get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month. Go to Mint Mobile dot com slash Cancelled. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash Cancelled. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash cancel. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply See MINT MOBILE for details. Thank, you Mint Mobile for sponsoring today's episode.


I'm suing Spirit Halloween. Is it actually a photo of you? Well, so yeah, I mean we've been going back and forth on all of this. But essentially I can't prove that it's not a photo of me. I've come to the conclusion that I think it is a photo of me, the Sally costume where it's me on the bag, whatever. I post it Spirit Halloween commented, I forget what they said. Spirit Halloween. They commented, why'd You post the same photo twice? They said, why'd you post the same photo twice? And then they dmd me too and they said, you know, we love to cause a little mischief eyes emoji. And I'm like, so no one is like negating that this isn't me. And like, Yeah, that's a little bit unsettling.


I don't know if I actually wanna sue them because I think that caramel wise it's kind of like suing just to get money feels dirty for me. It really does. But at the same time, if they're selling an item with my face on it, Like, I would then be able to recoup all of the money from those sales. And like maybe my house needs me, needs a badminton court. Nobody needs a badminton court. I Don't even know what that is. I'm kidding. I do Like. I want a grand piano and like Spirit Halloween is out here profiting of M as Sally. Well maybe you could have used your fucking Travel Town money to buy your grand piano, Red meat to filth red meat to filth. Or my avatar born money.


It's like, Tana, you're fine. But I'm just like, it's almost like their sassy nature. And don't get me wrong, obviously whoever commented that and dmd me that is like probably just a funny wee Hoge that they've hired to run the social media department. That's my favorite genre of like person 100% Same. Like they like it's not that person. But I'm like, at the same time, like someone out there is scamming, I think using at least, but like 50% of myself who At the bottom of this. That's what I'm saying. And it's Like I. Don't know. I don't know. I want them to, I would be like honored if they used my photo right now. Yeah, you're right. You don't want them to benefit how many people bought that costume just because they thought it was you.


Even that. But I'm just like, if my face is on it and they're making money off of it, like, like if the, if that was like a real model, like she would've gotten paid. You're a real model to me. Beauty's in the eye of the beholder. I don't know. I just, suing them does feel kind of dirty and wrong though. So I like, maybe I won't, but it's like then no spirit Of Halloween has unlimited dollars. It's kind of like if they would just tell me like, yeah, it's you. Or like, you know what I mean, put that to rest. I wouldn't be as like up in arms about it. Yeah. But they're just like toying with me. You Might respect their honesty a little bit. Yeah. Like they're just toying with me. you know what I mean? Yeah. They're kind of like, yeah. Playing a game. Yeah. And it's like, Huh.


I don't know. What else? Do you know? Death to spirit? Halloween, anything in pop culture? The election is taking up obviously like my whole timeline right now, that's all I'm really seeing is like political stuff. But do you know who Jill Stein is? So she's the Green Party, right? She's like the third person who's running. And do you know that this woman, Jill Stein has been running for president like since 2012. Okay. Aw. When you go to her Instagram. Hold on one second. Do you think she's spending big bucks to do it? I have no idea. Wait, I need to find it. Hold on. You're just, it's, it's so funny to me. Jill Stein, presidential candidate for the people for the planet.


Okay. So the Green party is like for the planet, but this woman has been running for president since 2012 every single year. And Like I, I'm assuming that people, 'cause she had like a lot of votes. Not like a crazy amount, but I'm Like I'm wondering if she does, if there are a green people or if it's people who just like, don't, like either candidate end up just voting for her. But like, hold on, I need to find this article. IJI guess I just don't, well of course you go to vote on everything else, like all the props and stuff. But I, I just can't imagine like not voting for one or the other if you know that it's gonna be one or the other. you know, I just want to like have the ability to never give up.


Like Jill Stein, like 2012 is so long ago. I'm trying to find this article. Okay. New York Times wrote an article about Jill Stein and they said Jill Stein won't stop no matter who asks. Aw. But she's sweet. I know, but just how funny. Like she just keep like, like You just ha Like I wonder if she's spending on her campaign. 'cause like at that point, is it like someone's gotta just, I don't know. It's crazy to me that anyone can just like how Kanye ran, I would like to point out that 25,000 people wrote in Hawk Tua on their ballots. When I say I hate 2024, that's really what I mean. Can I also just talk about something right now I've been on this whole fucking tangent about like how I feel like I'm really starting to like outgrow la, right?


Like it's just Like I. I think I'm, I'm older than the whole influencer culture and seen as of late, it was Like I didn't catch an invite to Alex Earl's party. Alex Warren ghosted me the other day. I was like, Hey, remember me from the, the vlogs in the hype house. Like he's just Louis Capaldi now. And so I met Hawk Tua in Vegas at a poker tournament. She was playing in the same tournament. And I've always just really ridden for her, right? Like, I've always just been like, you would do it too for a check to everyone who's like, you know what I mean? And when her podcast, and this is what I get for having any ego. When her podcast first dropped, she hit me up and was like, Hey, like come on my podcast.


And then I was just kind of like pushing it to the back burner. Like I was just busy. And I was like, oh, I don't need to whatever you Should have prioritized. Talk to A, and then I meet her in Vegas and she's just super sweet and like so nice to me and just like gassing me up and I'm like, oh my God, maybe I will go on Like, I should just do it. And then it starts like blowing up and I'm like, that would actually be so funny. She's huge. Especially engagement. Yeah. 'cause all the, especially 'cause all the men like are just shitting on it. And I love like banding together with any woman that all the men are like talking shit about. So I was like, oh my God, I wanna come on, I wanna talk shit. I wanna whatever. And now I have, now it's, it's giving Olivia O'Brien gate. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding you. I have asked talk to a like, hold on, I have to find this.


So she messages me to go on, I've now messaged talk to, I said, girl, I want to come on scene. She doesn't whatever. And mind you, she was like looking into dates for me to come on and now I'm Like I wanna come on. I message her again a couple days later. I say, let me know when you're free. And she's like, you'll be in Vegas, right? Like for the poker tournament, whatever. Like she wants to hang out, but like, she doesn't want to have me on. And I'm like, yes. And she goes, I'll see you there. I go OMG. Yes. Can we pod there? Scene I'm getting fucking dissed and fucking, She doesn't want you to talk to A, what's the word I'm getting, like shifted by Hawk Tua. Like she doesn't wanna have Hawk Tua doesn't wanna have me on her pod.


Maybe it's my ego. Like maybe I'm just being like narcissistic. But Like I, I think I, I feel like it's a good fit. And like she's, she wants to have you on. She's asking everyone else. She's left me ho to has left me on scene three times. She asked Baby No, she, so she, I messaged her 'cause I, I just like, love her clips. And I messaged her like a week ago. And I said, I'm obsessed with you. She says, my mouth just hit the floor. I'm obsessed with you. And I said, no, me and Tana your biggest fans, you don't understand. She said, come on the pod. I would die. And I didn't respond. And the next day she says, we love you, you need to come on the pod for sure. What do you mean? She's leaving me on scene and double messaging you. No, this is the worst part. Then I go, please. I told Tana and she said that she's been messaging You just no response.


And she didn't respond to you. What did you do to her? I've done nothing, nothing, nothing. But I just assumed ride for Hawk to No, I Assumed that she meant like both of us. 'cause I don't think she Did not Brooke, she wants you. She doesn't want me. I don't. I'm, this is why I'm moving far away. I'm done. That's the time where you wash your hands with LA is when you're hitting a Hawk Two and to go on her podcast and she's leaving you on scene. I quit, I'm done on No Wish you did. You haven't seen that clip of somebody. They're like, who are you excited to see today? And she's like, Tana Mongeau. I love Tana Mongeau. So that's why I was like, and she doesn't follow me.


She only follows you Brooke. No, it's, it's clearly, But it's funny. I said, Tana says you've been ignoring her and then she just ignored me. Brooke? No, I don't think she dislikes me as a person. Obviously she's responding like to hang out in Vegas, but like she's dodging me. She doesn't want me on her pot. Like that's am am I bad for Hawk Two's image? No. I just like, that is so hilarious. This is where I Draw the line though, dude. She's huge though. Like, honestly Like, I'm not surprised. Like her photos, like a photo of Hers, her last photo I think got like 350,000 likes or something. I understand.


In this, no, I'm done because everything I'm gonna say is just gonna get progressively more intense. And I think I need to like stop this right here. Like, but it, I just, wow. You know, I feel like people are lining down the block to get on talk to though. 'cause it is a funny podcast and it is receiving a lot of backlash. But I feel like that makes it better. I can't believe I'm not cool enough to go on talk to. No, I think that your, your time on talk to is kind. Actually, I'm so sad. Well, I can't believe she left you on scene after you said, Taylor says you've been ignoring Her. She did. In her defense. She didn't, it's doesn't say scene. It just, she just never responded. It's just like, And no shade again, Like.


I just, I want the best for talk two, but I, well Zach, Brian and Brianna Chicken Fry A lot has happened since we spoke last. Okay. The pod just dropped where Brianna like really lays it out and talks about the $12 million NDA and so it's like really serious and crazy Now. I mean obviously. Yeah. When we spoke last, I think we hit the nail on the head on him just being kind of an awful like shady guy. But as more stuff comes out, it is crazy. And you said this a while, but it's been like kind of known in Hollywood maybe that he was a little controlling. I, yeah. Or just like amongst people who like know that I had heard stories of like, just like how he treated her.


Like just when she would talk to like a guy friend of Hers or something, Like I Knew it was, he tried to square up on someone that she was doing content with or something, right? Yeah. Something like that. Like I just, I knew that that was the vibe and Like I had gone through that already. Like I had lived that relationship. So I was like, fuck Like I really don't wanna believe that. Like that's what they're dealing with. But come to find out it definitely was. And I'm sure there's a lot that we don't even know about. It's so fucking sad. And I. Just like even just seeing she put together a video. I just got chills again thinking about it, of like all these clips of her, you know, when And I think a lot of girls have been there where you're trying to leave a toxic eye and you almost take like videos for yourself in the low moments.


Try. Yeah. You Think try, you're gonna be able to convince yourself or like you've, you're afraid that you're gonna forget how you felt. Yeah. So you try to, you take those videos and those low moments to try to convince future you in those high moments to get out and to see that she had like been doing that is just so fucking sad to me. And, and it's, it's so scary too to like, just the abuse of power. Like I. I really could go on like a whole tangent, but like yeah, And just the fear. Like especially like when you're dealing with a relationship like that, but then that person happens to be so loved and so powerful and so successful. It's like, and Rich probably just felt like defeated because that was like, And he saw the type of guy who probably was making her just feel like a small influencer and like that like Yeah. And you can see like, she's even showing Like I haven't watched the full BFFs episode.


But like, in just the part that I was watching, he was like, just the way he speaks to her about like how like you work with a, like a bunch of fucking idiots. Like just trying to make her job feel small and like, ew, it's just the worst feeling in The world. And then it's like imagining what he was doing to these other girls that he was with who maybe didn't even have Yeah. Who didn't have any, a 10th of what she had. Like what a fucking monster. Like it's crazy that he offered her $12 million across a span of years to not talk about whatever he had done to her. Like, what do you have, what have you done that you are that afraid of, that you are willing that is so much money.


Yeah, But what's so crazy is she's really not even saying like, at least in the, in this part that I saw, she's not really share. You can tell she's like, there's so much that she's leaving out And I don't think she even wants to. But I think that she, it was like a pride thing for her. She's like, I'm not taking that fucking hush money. Which is so, so, so admirable, so powerful and admirable. It really is. I don't know. I feel for her, but I'm so happy for her that she got out. 'cause it's, it's so fucking hard to get out. Like Yeah, 100%. Especially clearly with someone that manipulative and, And just so widely loved And I. Can't imagine the frustration that she must have felt like all this time. Like everyone loving him so much. I, up until a few days ago, he was my favorite artist of all time.


It makes me so sad to even think that that's what he's like. And you just battle so hard with pride, where when I think you get yourself in these relationships that no one else likes, I've definitely been there where you wanna stay to prove everyone wrong. Yeah. You don't want any everyone else to be like, be Right. And especially with like the public like backlash that they got just when they started dating and stuff, Like I feel like it would've been more embarrassed or she would've felt like it was embarrassing to break up. So I feel like she probably like stuck along And he probably weaponized that. He probably used that as one of his many manipulation tactics. I just, it's cra turning that down. I, I'm like genuinely beside myself. It's so powerful. Like I. I, But I think it's worth it for her to just be able to like, 'cause it's so cathartic and it feels so good.


Like I. I experienced it like being able to finally talk about it and just like going balls to the walls, knowing Like I will never care about this person again. I'm never gonna see him again. And I can like be free. It's like worth It. But imagine Clinton offered you $12 million. The man can barely pay rent. I Know. I'm just saying you'd probably have a rhinestone Bronco and be like lint and explain who You know. Yeah. But Shm smack sch who like good for her for not, 'cause that's probably really hard, like knowing that you could set up your whole life. But then, but She'll, she's gonna do just fine without it. And like, honestly I feel like it just helped people better understand like what she was, 'cause you can see, I'm not kidding, And I felt this way all along.


Like I was always like a little curious. 'cause I knew, we knew Brie obviously before she started dating him. And then when she did start dating him, like you could like photos, videos. Every time I saw her talk I was like, is she miserable? I hope that she like gets her like little sparkle back. Yeah. I wonder if she'll unpack if those takes on Grace and the Menendez brothers and stuff kind of came from when she wasn't in a place to maybe be making takes like that instead Like that It's just hard when you're miserable and your mind is elsewhere. And then you're also like constantly being like, you know, like put in a position to like speak on things when like, you know, it's just hard. 100%. I'm not defending what she said at all because I don't agree with it in any way, shape or form.


But also like, you have to give her some sort of grace 100. I like Grace is a funny word to use there. Sorry. I hope she and Grace work it out on the remix too. I'm actually like me. That's all speculation, I guess. Me. Yeah. Yeah. Like all the Yeah, I, me too. I just, I genuinely like, it's hard Though, like after Seeing even just those videos today and her, this podcast like trying to put myself in her shoes. I genuinely am like, holy fuck. Like that. That's a really scary and sad situation. And I am like as a fan, like, or just as someone watching from the outside, like very proud that she's standing on it and stopping this fucking awful evil man from continuing to do what he does.


And it's just so fucking sad. How many of these like, especially male artists are just like manchild. Well man, He probably felt safety in that all along the entire relationship knowing like, God forbid ever something were to happen, I'll just pay her off. you know what I mean? So it's, it is so powerful for her to be like, Nope, Sorry. And it's so like him sitting there shitting on like Dave Fort Noy and Josh and what they do. It's crazy. No. 'cause it's like I'm, I feel so like for her, almost grateful that she had them, like the way they're standing up for her and standing on business and No, Like seriously. I wanna get into that like on a lighter note. 'cause obviously like that's horrible and it's terrible that she went through all of that, but it has lit my soul a flame to see how Dave and Josh have ridden for her since this has Happened.


That disc track is so fucking funny. Oh My God. I woke up Like I had gone to bed early one night and woke up in the middle of the night sick and it was like on my for you page. And it kept me up for hours because I was just, How lucky is Brie To be away from Zeb? It's so good. And his STDs. It's so fucking good. That part had To be removed though because he copyright claimed it. Your little baby. It's so f I'm just imagining him and all of his little like Minions, Orange minions running around trying to like damage control. And it's like, but it's so It is. Fuck you So funny. Like, I'm trying to think of some of the lyrics. Like, he talks about kicking Miss Peaches outta the dressing room. They addressed the Noah Kahn situation. Do you know about that? What Noah Kahn situation?


So Noah Kahn did a show at Fenway Park and Zach Bryan was supposed to be the special guest and it was like already, like, people were speculating about it and nobody knew if it was like, for sure, but then Bree was at the show, so it was like confirmed. Everyone online was like, oh my God, he's for sure the special guest tonight, blah, blah, blah. And then he never came out like something had happened. They no longer had a special guest. So everyone was like, oh my God, what happened? Like there's drama. Something happened with Zach and this rumor came out that Zach was like too blacked out to do it. And like, it was like this huge drama and he was just too drunk and yada yada. And Brie came online and she was like, that's not true. Zach's not even in town with us. Like, it literally never happened. And come to find out it 100% happened. She just was like defending him and like trying to protect him.


But That's so sad to God like that The feeling, she like the feeling. She must feel Like. I'm, I'm lying for this man. And like, you know what I mean? It's just, yeah, that's what she, I just like, right before we started I was watching her say that like how frustrating. He can never like come to bat for me when I'm like being ridiculed and criticized from every direction and like, I'm writing so hard for you, I'm lying for you. I'm like putting my reputation on the line for you. Like what? Like you don't care. That's crazy that he like, oh, It's so disappointing. It literally is so disappointing. It's alcoholism obviously is just sad as well. Like I, you know, Like I. I now wonder how much of these awful decisions he's making are in like a drunken haze. And it's like, oh my God, I hope he also gets the help he needs, but at the same time it's hard because it's like, even if he was sober, Clinton was sober.


you know what I mean? Like it would he still just be a powerful, awful narcissist? I think that cheater liar. Emotional abuser. Dude. Fuck him. Yeah, She said he broke up with her over the phone. Literally just was like, see you later. I'm sending your stuff. And then he posted that Instagram story and she was like, wait, what? What a fucking action. Like Imagine having like that series of relationship. They bought a house together, they got a dog together. They, she has literally been on tour with him the entire year. She put her whole life on pause. She literally like has been doing traveling podcasts. She's, we toured and stuff. Imagine doing all of that on a way huger scale, except it has nothing even to do with us. Like you're following somebody else's tour. And That's, that's only fun.


Like how Emotion Exhausting. Like That's only fun if the person is loving. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Like Being, and she, and then she gets on the bus at the end of the night and he's just like, you're fucking, you're an idiot. Yeah. And he's like emotionally isolating you from all of your people. Like, I'm sure doesn't, Doesn't want you to be keep your friends. That's what happened to me too. That's what happens in all emotionally abusive relationships because they're afraid that your friends are gonna talk you outta being with that person, being with like them, Which is so, it It's because any good friend in their right mind would be like, this is wrong. Like, he should not be treating you like this. And so they'll intentionally get you away from those friends so that they don't know what's happening. And It's crazy too, like her bar school contract, it was probably such a blessing because if she was not contractually obligated, she Ve Would've just, he probably would've forced her to quit her job.


And I remember she, the first time I hung out with her when they first started dating, she was like, yeah, he's like already saying he wants to have kids and stuff. And in my head I was like, oh girl, I've seen this movie before. Yeah. But I also was such a fan that I was like, have his kids please. Like, Yeah. And that's just the abuse of power once again. It's, it's so, But the dis truck was everything new standard of friendship every single time. Yes. A man does me wrong. Hopefully it'll never happen to me again. Oh my God. I Will make a dis truck so fast. you know, I will. It's, that's actually my dream. Like had you let me, I wanted to make like a funny ass mockumentary, like against Clinton so bad. And obviously I'm glad you didn't let me. I think it was the right thing to do. But you know, it's my dream. Like just, if you ever need a distract, do give me a call.


It's never too late. It's so crazy. Me and Bebe would slay it. I feel Like. I have to cut all my like house hunting. Tangents, Like, I feel Like I just sound so out of touch. And I don't mean to, or I think it, I struggle with permanence and that's like, just what it really like comes down to. It's not like buying a house is so hard. It's just like, I've always loved the ability to get up and go like, knowing I'm gonna be tied to this property. And I. Don't know. It's just really the permanence of buying a house is it's not Nearly as permanent as you think it is. It's like getting married, you could always get a divorce. It's true. I guess it's true. I just, even when I like found the house, like And I was Like I.


This is the house. Like I. Think I'm gonna put in an offer. My emotions weren't joy. Like I cried. And I had a panic attack. And Then maybe it's not your house, But it's, I've I've gone through those motions, right? Because I was like, is that what I'm Feeling? you know, when you're gonna criteria of joy when, when you get all that money back if you wanna sell your house. That's true. It's, it's a smart business decision. I think it's just big decisions like this do really I get it. Yeah. Stress me out because it's Like. I went through all the motions. I'm like, if this weren't the house, why? It has every single thing on my checklist and more. It's just, it's, I don't know, tying myself down. I don't have permanence or commitment issues when it comes to people. But I think with life I really do. Like I, obviously if you skip out on a lease, yes it can like fuck your credit and stuff.


But it's just still like knowing I could like up and go anywhere is Like I don't know it. It just feels like Security. Like I don't know. Like I. It's for some reason It's Just, there's, there's so much anxiety towards it. For me, I have to write a will like and that's so scary. Ooh. Like that's what it's like. Things like that. Like what do you mean? I like now that I'm buying house, it's On the red boots. I was saying the other day if everyone in the friend group was finding out that I'm riding a wheel, Like I just wake up and like Ari's feeding me grapes and he's Like fanning you Hunter's in town fanning me like it's Like I. Don't know dude. I'm just big life decisions are scary. And, I. Hope other people can relate to that.


Like that just adulting is really Freaking adulting is hard no matter the scale. It's true. I just wanna be like young and free forever. I wanna go on record and say my will says as follows. Everything goes to Bebe. Who has the cats? Actually it goes to the cats who are mothered by Bebe and therefore she gets To decide. I think that's a really good segue for Bebe to come on the podcast now. Introducing. Are you Ready? I'm so fucking excited. Be. Oh Jesus. That's a heavy po Sister. Would you expect anything less? Welcome to Cancelled Bebe. Hi Bebe. I put Bebe in my vlog and the, the opening scene of Bebe in my vlog by the way is her changing her.


You changing your hinge preferences to 40 year olds plus in Hawaii so that we for a boat so that we could have a free boat day. And I think that that does just like describe everything you are as a person and the people are hooked. They want to know more. Well we didn't even get our boat day so that's fine. We didn't get our boat day. But she did leave me one night randomly in Hawaii. She's like, I'm gonna go see someone. And then she sent me a photo in the middle of the night. Sea turtles on the beach while she's hooking up some guy. It's amazing though that you always document it. You are like truly in my opinion, the definition of someone who does it for the plot. And it is, those are my favorite kind of people. I Texted you in the middle of the night, And I said, should I do something for the plot tomorrow? Abs No, I literally, I accidentally hooked up with a guy on the beach.


I think it's like beautiful though. I was, I was just saying Like I feel like you're a little pissed that she has a boyfriend. I have a boyfriend. Like everyone's getting a working Through It a little. I'm a lot. We're working through it. No, but I'm being really careful this time to not do like a Oh I disappear from my friends thing. But the problem is Bebe doesn't like to be third wheel. I don't, no I don't. I don't mind it at all. I think I just Like I Do not mind being third wheel. I think what it is is Like. I haven't had very much time with you just alone. Not That his Presence bothers Me at all, but I'm just like, No, I get that And I. I don't care how much I loves my friend's boyfriend. I don't wanna be with him all the time. Yeah, you know what I mean? I get that. And so we're working through it And it's just a man like you just like girl time is always, I Don't a man around. Yeah.


At all. And but I was, I feel like if anything you like normally I'd be like, oh my god you get a boyfriend too. But like, it's almost like you need the one friend who's still doing all the feral things to like live hard kids. No, I told her today I'm gonna like, I'm gonna die if she gets a boyfriend. Like, don't do that. I don't care how much of a Boyfriend I'm Like I was like, what about a girlfriend? She goes, absolutely not Like I feel like a I'm girlfriend. Like maybe I'm like being misogynistic or something. But I feel like a girlfriend would be like more weird about her being like so close with me. I don't agree with that literally at all whatsoever. Don't think so. My, I had to ghost Steve for eight months 'cause of my boyfriend Had to, it's crazy. I dated a girl who was super, super threatened by my friendship with Ashley Like. I remember one Halloween I was supposed to match with the girlfriend and then our costumes ended up like falling through.


Like mine just didn't fit. So I matched with Ashley instead and she was like breaking plates. Oh see like it was like really fucking, but that's it. Just that, I think it just depends on the type of person you date. Not that not girl or guy, but like just, I would never do that to you. Yeah, no, I, I have I Like I feel Like I pledged to the fact Like I would never ghost you again. I would never not talk to you because of a man. Well Thank you. I would get rid of a man so fast before I would get rid of you So fast. Like I. I'd rather marry you than any man probably so. Life partner. Don't tell Paige. Don't tell Paige. Yeah. Oh my God. You guys do have like a little lesbian Love trying. I Just, I have queer baiting allegations with Paige.


It's not queer baiting. We're both gay And they are in love with each other. I think I'm bisexual. Have You ever dated a girl? I Haven't dated a girl, but I have just hooked up the girls. Yeah. Have gone on dates. What was your last like girly date? Like. I've never done that. I've never like gone on a like a, like, like a hinge date with a girl. It's actually funny. She texted me the other other day, but my first, not my first, but my, the last date I went on with a girl was like a year ago. I'm like in retirement. In Retirement. I have like eras where I Was Yeah, I go through. Yeah. I go through like actual phases with it where Like I like men so, so, so much. And then all of a sudden one day I'm just like, that is so disgusting.


I couldn't literally never. And then I want every single girl I've ever looked at. I know that if I weren't taken right now, I would be lessing out so hard. Like just with everything that's going on in the world, I would be Like. I'm never marrying a man. I'm never Having sex again. Yeah. I'm not getting pregnant At all. It's horrifying. It's literally horrifying. Yeah. What was your last girl date like? What'd you guys do? We went to dinner at Bakri Silver Lake is my favorite place. Silver Lake is so funny. Yeah, it was when I lived over there. Silver Lake is so bebb. Yeah. I loved living over there. Yeah. And then we went to a gay bar afterwards and we took pictures in a film photo booth. And the funniest part about that is that a week later I get a text from a random number that I did not have saved.


And they're like, oh, I thought you wanted to see this. And it's like some, someone I went to high school with and it's literally me and her making out in the photo booth. How did the person get it? And I was like, oh, because I accidentally left it at the place. But Like, but but somebody who, you know from high school happened to be school. The one To find it from high school. Yes. Yeah. That's kind of crazy. Yeah. Oh my God, that's so funny for them. Like imagine they just grab it and it's just Bebe making out with the girl in the photo Booth. No, I'm not getting all four frames from us. Just sucking each other's face. Could not even one smile. Nope. That's Amazing. Me smiling. That's hot. That's so hot. Yeah. And then she just, it, I was her first girl experience and then she went and she got a girlfriend literally a month later. 'cause I lowkey, I lowkey had anxiety because I felt very overwhelmed with it because it was like a, I don't know.


Yeah. I wanna know. It's One of those, it's one of those things where like someone likes you and you're like, Ew, what the fuck? Get away from me. I think she liked me. We need to talk to her about That. You think she liked you? What? I think she liked me too much. Listen, it's, that's an attachment style. We talked about this a lot right before Miles Like, I think Brooke was kind of working through that. Like it, that's a real thing to Like. I was run when Bebe, but I, so I tried to have this conversation with Bibe this morning because I sat here and literally told Tana exactly that. I was like, it's too, I hate when things are too easy. Like there's no chase, there's no conflict. Like he's very sure And I. Like it is unsettling to me. Bibe said that to me today. She's like, well I don't want a puppy dog. Like I don't want somebody. But I'm like, if it's challenging then that means they're not sure about you and they don't, It's, I wanna challenge in the sense where Like I know that they want me and they're sure about me.


But like, not that it's just so easy Right off the bat. Here's what I think. Okay. I dated a guy that we reference a lot. We talked about him on the Patreon recently and said his name. I'm really bless his heart. Sorry if you see this, but he was so nice to a fault. Like, do you get what I'm saying? Like, but to the point that there was no funny, there was was no edge. And he liked me so much and it was so like sweet and corny that it did like ick me out. It was Like I Can't with The Corn. I, I think that you can, something that Like I found with Nicole, she found it with Miles. Like you can find someone who's really nice and really likes you, but it's not Corny. I think. Yeah. I don't have like A little puppy dog, but like it's just, it is refreshing to like be like, start talking to somebody and they, they're just like, yeah, let's date.


But Like I think that has to do with like you liking them enough. Yeah. Like I think Like I think it's just come to the fact that Like I haven't liked anyone enough for that to be okay with me. Yeah. Like they have to have a good personality and Yeah, Exactly. Hundred percent. So, well At least you're finally done with TikTok boys. I will never do that again. Are you gonna No. I have my next genre of man men that I'm, what is It? What is your next genre? This, see this is why I love you. Like you'll pick a fucking genre and commit. What is your genre? My Favorite was like my stepmom era. You only wanted guys with kids. Yeah. Like it was like really hot for some Reason. She would send, she would like literally send me a photo of like a 3-year-old in the kitchen.


I'm like Brooke. No, but I think that's honestly so, 'cause it's like, then you don't have to squeeze anything out. It's like, thanks. He Loved me, he loves me. I Don't wanna take care of someone else's kid though. Oh my God. It's, that would be my dream. I love Like I. Like I feel Like I. Don't mind it. If Mako had a kid, I would be so stoked. Like it's like No. 'cause then you have to think like someone else carried his child. Like I would be sick. Like you got someone else pulling. No, I'm the opposite. I'm so the opposite. Like I would love to be a step. I don't, I don't know why I mean, probably if you asked me a year ago, I probably would be very jealous. But for some reason now I don't really care about that. Like. I do not get jealous. I do over that. So what's your new genre? I don't know if I, I even wanna say say I don't even know what it is. Dating shows.


No. Oh, Bebe. There is the only thing worse than a no fucking way. The only thing worse than a TikTok man is a dating show, man. Well, I'll tell you. You girl, you know there was a point in time. Yeah, But yours was ugly. He was. No he wasn't. He Wasn't? No, but he wasn't the only one. He wasn't Ugly. He was only ugly when he No spoke. Are we talking about the same person? Yeah. We might not even, I had an, there was an era. Do you remember like on TikTok when it was like a trend to be like Like I would be like, you know, you're an influencer win. Like do you know people would make those videos? Like you'd be like, you know you're an alt girl win that all the two Hot to handle guys got together and they made a TikTok and they said, you know, you're a two hot to handle star win.


Tana Mongeau invites you over to her house. And then they all laughed. Like I. I had to watch that. And I couldn't even, they weren't even saying like to fuck like it was Like. I had just invited them over for like a party. But I'm saying like that's how deep, like just the invite in the, in the reality show dating world. I had made myself, because I dated Francesca too. Like I. I was, she's so hot. And I was for the girls and proud. The guys proud of all day. Like if you just got off, fucking love is blind, come to Tana's house. Okay. I'm not, she she'll make you see again. Definitely. I think think this is one of those situations where it's Like I, you know, you, you try to get through to her. But Like I feel like you, That is Self-harm. She has to live through it though.


'cause it's like you can't tell her like, oh I went through that and so you shouldn't. 'cause it's like she just has to live it. I just self-harm for like six months. What do you mean? I Know, but I'm saying you, I do think it's the same. We got Over TikTok boy and now we're on reality show Men. I got over TikTok boy while it was happening. TikTok boy and reality show. It's just scary because it's like a man who goes on a reality show to date is in love with himself. Do you know what I mean? Like it's, think about like Picture him filling out an application. Self taping on Like. I'm just hoping that like his friend did it for him Or something. No, they never is. That's what everybody says. No one's friend has ever Well would you ever do that for someone else? If Someone did it for me for The Bachelor and they never called me. That's So rude.


Why wouldn't you call me? So are you talking to this man from a fucking dating shelf? We've We've We're going on dates. Yes. He is good looking. Like I do under but after his Biceps are Huge. It's so funny 'cause you're probably, you probably are the size of his bicep like yours. No, I am. That's And I Understand it. you know, it drags you in. But I'm surprised you still want to after. So come on. Can I say his name? No, don't give him the recognition. I don't even want to, honestly. 'cause I know that's what he wants. Let's get ahead of it with the, with the reality show guys. I, 'cause you're gonna feel that way. I almost prefer stepmom era. Wait, what also happened to to Singer? I loved Singer.


Oh, we have some tea on that today. As of today. We got a new tea actually. Basically he went MIA disappeared. Very Zach Bryan type of guy. I've been there. Yes. No, no. He was like not, he's not like that singer. Oh, not like abusive wise. No, no, no. I just meant like the archetype. Oh, like music wise. Yeah, he's singer. He was very obsessed with me. He pursued me very down and then he went, I was very down, honestly, like not my like normal type at all. Literally whatsoever was super down. He went MIA out of nowhere disappeared. And I had mentioned it to him a few times. And then today I texted him, hold on, I have to read it actually.


Because we had discussed like, if we weren't to date, then we would be okay with being friends. And I was like a hundred thousand percent like okay with that. It never bothered me once honestly, just because Like I genuinely care about him as a human being. So I was like, if that's like, if you're not in a position, 'cause he's, by the way, he's telling me like all this stuff's going on with my dad, my career right now, this and that hurricane. Oh My God. I had a guy do this to Me. Hurricane in Florida. Like Not the hurricane. Yes. He said By the way, and he was underwater. He basically like, yeah. He was like, and like I'm over here like, oh, I'm so sorry. I texted him during the hurricane thing. I was Like I, hope your family's okay. And he's like, yeah, we're good. Da da. I had a guy use his grandpa's death to break up with me and then he started dating the girl from Girl's Gone Bible And.


I was like, oh, it had nothing to do with cramps. Weird that it happen twice happened to both of us. I've been thinking about it for like weeks because I'm like, first of all, I'm not one to like let someone get away with treating me a certain way. And like if I have something to say, Uhuh always gonna say it. Sorry. But I'm always gonna say it. We love an outspoken woman. Even if It's like, my toxic trait though is I always want revenge. Okay, And I working on And I. That's not a Trait. That is a wonderful quality. It's my favorite thing about you. And when she says it with those eyes, I fall in love every time I'm like, oh, I get revenge on me baby. But I'm just Like. I'm trying to be the bigger person. I'm trying to grow. I'm trying to, you know, what Did he, what did he say to you?


I like the But your revenge plots are so good. I don't want you to change a damn thing. No, You're perfect. I know, but I don't wanna seem crazy ever. And in my brain I seem crazy always. But I don't think my delivery is crazy ever. I texted him And. I was just like, it was really hurtful that you went. So MIA like after everything we talked about after last time I saw you. Yeah. Like we could still be friends type of thing. Yeah. And I said. I said it's feeling like you got what you wanted from me and Dipped. Honestly. That's what it feels. Like I said, having a lot going on in your life is not an excuse to be rude to someone who cares for you. Yeah. And I think that's very valid. And I was like, at the end of the day, I was always okay with just being friends. But at this point you're not a good friend to me either.


He came back and just was like, honestly, he was really nice about it. He looked, he just stayed with his response. What did he Say? He, he said, I'm sorry. I didn't know what to do with myself and didn't know we were on the same page. I'm like, oh, I hate when shit short. Sweet. No, no. He Got somewhere. He said, looking at it from your perspective. Perspective, I realize how fucked up it was. Or that was because you really do care about me. I was no way, shape or form trying to be rude. But I understand completely how I was. I always do this. I'm sorry that was not my intentions at all to make you to be thinking this way. Aw man. I'm sorry. I've been a bad friend. You're right. And, I just didn't respond. I just Leva like, you're right. I did wrong text. 'cause like I've never gotten one.


But it's hard. 'cause I understand being you in that position where you're almost like, give me something to work. I mean. I Mean more of a back and forth. Like what do you mean? Tell me I'm Now I just have to be like, Okay, maybe not all that I was perfect. Like wo like that just, that's yeah. That's never the response that you want. So now, yeah. So you guys, I think what about like a lawyer or a doctor or like boring, Even though You also don't want a man with like a, like a job that he has to like not be around you. No, I do want that. Oh, maybe not you but me. Oh, I don't I mean I, I like, like missing someone. That's nice. I don't, I did long distance for like three years. It was fun. And I was like on a high all the time.


Nothing Was fun about it. You're sick. That's sick. There was nothing fun about it. I was there. I feel like you like literally, you know when someone remembers something completely different than like it actually went Me always. You Were miserable. I Don't remember. I'm like, call, call me. I miss you. You were miserable. She was hysterical. They all they did was fight. And then he made her move across the country and block Me. He was a hot. Was he Nashville? He was Super hot. No, I'm like, which one was Nashville? Wasn't there Nashville? I feel like when you started No, that's, oh no. That's my friend Jess Bitch. I'll Say his name. He's my friend. He's not your fucking friend. He's my fucking friend. Straight up. He my friend. So much to keep up with. I love Jess.


He's a really good friend to me. Actually, this Is my favorite thing about you is that you just have so much lore. Like, I. Think we just unpacked six different boyfriends. I wanna talk about, I Wanna talk about, I wanna do a segment called Bebe's Odd Jobs. Okay. Can I, yeah, can you just, can you give me some of your different jobs and can we just, because Yeah, It maybe we won't do anything for a dollar. Like literally anything. If you've had whatever, every single day I'll get followed by a new account that's like Bebe's, like set design. And I'm like, what do you mean set design? Like. I Have Like. I liked the Tooth gems. Tooth Jumps by BB Tooth Gems by Bebe Bebe's. She was like tufting rugs for a while. No Guys, guys today I was like trying to creep on like a different TikTok account. Usually I'm just on an Instagram account.


Right. And I'm like, what's my username for like my creeper TikTok account? It's Bebe Cooks. Wow. I wonder who it is. Zero followers. It's good though. It's so Good. No, no profile picture. That's it. BB cooks. BB cooks, BB drives for Uber. bb, what else have you done? Rugs, tooth gems, tattooing. I'm like everyone's assistant. Yeah. That's how we actually got close is Bebb started working for me. And then I found out about all of your other odd jobs in that time. Yeah. What So I'm What are other odd jobs you've had? We used to drive around and, and Postmates.


Yeah. Uber Eats My car blew up one time. One car blew up a lot of times Actually. Couple times my axle broke. One time on the 1 0 1 freeway. I almost Steering wheel flew away. Not kidding. Almost died. Didn't like masturbate behind the wheel once. What? No different for a different friend though. Not me. Wrong. Broke might be the third one. No, it was, it was. Oh, She got a speeding ticket because she Got carried away. I wouldn't be able to focus. No, that's the problem. She literally got pulled over. Oh. That's like, have you ever just been really horny in like weird situations like that? I always get really horny at airports. Like, I. I've like debated jacking off in an airport a few times.


I'm Like I'm debating telling you guys something new. I never Tell now. No. Can we talk about having sex in your lips going numb? Oh Yeah. I think I should talk. Told that story on the podcast, but I literally like, no, I was, I wasn't having sex. I think it was getting eaten out. And. I. Literally my mouth goes Getting eaten out. So good. You get a little palsy though, is kind of No, but like It was, it was What's your new thing? I'm not letting you just skip over this. Go Ahead. I'm not even, I Okay. Honestly. Erin, like can you just like, no, I'm Pretend you're not here. I'm Erin. Close your And I. Can't tell you how I found this out, Girl. you know I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna grill you. I'm sorry. Go. I'm, I'm like actually tearing up. But you just have to promise me you're gonna try it after this.


Honestly. I promise. Like, I don't even know what it is. But you know, I'm always down for something now. The Vibrator on the toilet. You lost me. I'm down for anything. But lemme Tell you how I got myself into this situation because I actually have a similar story I'll share with you after this. I'm crying. Okay. It's not like, it's not like, oh, I'm shitting and I'm using a vibrator. Like, it's like, it's just that positioning. 'cause it's like you can't really use a vibrator when you're sitting up or else you're sitting on your hand. But toilet. There's a hole. Wait, there's a hole in the toilet. So you've got some like, you know, you might as well get a bidet. No. Oh, no, no, no. It's important. So, so it's like, it like technically could have the same effect if you were like just sitting on the edge of the bed or something.


But like, the toilet's perfect 'cause you're just like in place and like you can get the job done. I found this out because I was in a bind. And What do you mean you were in? She's like, I'm in a rush. Tell now. Tell We were, I think we were on tour And. I was like, where am I gonna go In a green room? Did you use a vibrator in a green room of one of our shows on a toilet? You wanna tell them about how you, and if I tell you which one it is, you're gonna be like, You're gonna be so distraught. She's so many crying. You Remember that venue that we did where you had, we had to like go into the back shed to like get into the green rooms and then there was like that bathroom. But like, you couldn't even close the door hardly to take a shower.


God, what else can I tell you about that? Like, that would make you remember, make Me remember Brooke. Like We had to like go outta the shed in like be escorted into the venue for like, it doesn't matter. But basically like there was no, the shower was Like. I Telling me you jacked off in a shed on door. So I'm saying jacked off, but I was just like, oh, like, oh, I have all my shower stuff in here and my vibrator has to live with my, or happens to live with my shower thing. So I was like, what if I just Were you like extra amped up on stage? I'm imagining that you were like, what the fuck is up? I was fired up. But let me tell you something. It was such a different experience. Like to the point where I was Like, I, I'm not even kidding.


It was like face couldn't move arms couldn't move, legs couldn't move. Like my eyebrows were stuck in different directions. It really gagged you. It, I'm concerned. It was a, it was honestly, I swear to God, nobody can say shit to me until you try it because it was like still here. Here's what I'll tell you. I do At home now on you masturbated while I was in the shower in New York. Oh, please. Same room. I feel like you guys frequently have like masturbating shift days. Hold on. No, I, Hold on a second. I'm on the phone with my boyfriend. Baby goes, go forward, don't come in the bathroom. And then she's swinging her vibrator around on her finger. Okay. And I'm on the phone with my boyfriend and she's Like, I'm gonna use this. Don't come In there. And she Flooded the whole Room with the, she was so distracted using that vibrator that the entire four seasons flooded.


She was this flower head The whole for weeks and they never cleaned our room. So for weeks we were sloshing around on her soggy towels, her vibrator towel. I, I'm crying. And she left the vibrator in the shower. The rest of the trip. I do, I get what you're, when you walk in My face washed. It's good that when you walk in the Like, I feel you, when you walk in a hotel room though, and there's like a crazy shower head and it's like, oh, I'm gonna fuck This. Believe you just tried to frame me for that. I I wasn't trying to frame you. I I would've admitted to my Doing. No. But sometimes I'll be like, okay, you go, you go, you take bathroom, I'll take Rome. We spend a lot of time together. That's honestly, that's beautiful.


And, I think it's a really close friendship. I was gonna say with the toilet jacking off. I dated this guy. Stop saying Jacking off. I can't you stop it. It's not jacking off. I don't like the word masturbating at all. And, I don't think it should be the letter U The letter U in there. I think it should be the letter E. Why can't it be just using a vibrator? I I don't even That's True. Jacking off. That makes me feel like I'm like Winking it. I don't know. I guess that's true. But I dated this guy who, he was good in bed but not good enough. Okay, So you'd have to go finish the job. No. So yeah. So every time we'd have sex, every time, every single time we would have sex. I would like get so close. And then he would come and then I would be like, Hello. Well What now? And he just like didn't have the type of personality where like, this was before I started cussing people out for being bad in bed too.


So every time after we would have sex, I would go in the bathroom and like wink it. I just start doing that. Stop saying wink it. But like acoustic or like with, with help. Yeah. Because it wasn't my house. See I can't even do acoustic like no vibrator, And, I Do get what you're saying. The toilet is kind of a good spot. No, It is. And I'm Like I. Wish I could give you a visual. But Like I Have it. You just Have like now like, you know what I mean. Like you just, it's so easy. I don't know why I just did the hand. I don't know why I did the hand. But like, you have to try it. Literally. Like, I'm not kidding. And sometimes if I don't have a toilet nearby, now I have to just sit on the edge of the bed. But I will never be laying down again. It's sitting up only. Oh. But now it's like, how do I explain that to a, like, if I like want my to bring the vibrator into the bedroom, I'm like, wait, gotta sit up for this one.


I can't even do that. So that's Weird. 'cause like I'm, I wanna be lying down like a sar. No, but you have to try it because a, it, I would've never expected it, but I'm not kidding. Na day I came into the bathroom, And I was like, who do I tell about this? Wait, So you, wait, Let's be clear for a second. So you get off like you have to like use your muscles to like hold yourself up to come. No, you know my legs are swinging Because Like I wanna be like flat, like laying on my Stomach. No, my legs are paralyzed and they're swinging Like your lips. And my face is paralyzed and my arm's Like I. The Stephen Hawking visual of you masturbating is crazy. And there's No better way to describe it than Stephen Hawking because I'm in my fucking chair and It's, I'm not kidding.


I get completely paralyzed, like my neck. I swear To God, you guys might, It really is like I'm stuck. I don't even want Like I also feel like you, I also, oh my God, I feel like you have so many stories where you're having sex and then some you get stuck. And I'm starting to think I do. I get paralyzed. I'm starting, I starting to think you might have a little bit of a, a, a something. I don't know. Oh my God. Maybe it's like isn't. Oh what? No, I'm not gonna go there. Like do you have, is there a disorder? Like now I wanna go down the WebMD. See, no, I just, Celine Dion has something called like stiff body syndrome or something.


What? Where her whole body will just go stiff. SBSI Don't know. It's very serious. And I love Celine. But like that's, I I might be like intro to that. Yeah. I feel like you're always, I'm gonna go down a WebMD loophole. I was the other day, Amari was reminding me of all the times. I was genuinely convinced that I had like, there was like six months of my life where I was really convinced I had Lyme disease because of WebMD. And it was just a zit that wouldn't go away. Aw, you need a Mighty patch. But like, please tell me you guys will try it. 'cause I'm not kidding. It's you literally can't move a muscle. I mean I've jacked off on a lot of toilets. So I mean. Wait, okay. I told you that. I told you that I dated the guy. I would always, every single Time. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. I'm, This was like a frequent thing.


It wasn't like one through twice. Oh Maybe then it's just like something with my particular like situation. But I've never tried that vibrator on a toilet. I was very Acoustic. No, it needs to be a vibrator on a toilet. What kind of vibrator? I don't know. I've used, actually, I guess it's always been pretty much the same. I always used the charges to my vibrators And I have like nine dead ones right now. And I've been, I have one that operates with an iPhone charger at the moment, so. Oh, that's, that's new and improved. Don't say it and take anything. I I'm only getting sponsored by sex toys right now. She's Done Like, I, those Era sex toys, sponsors. I'm like, mind your business when I post another one this month? Honestly, they pay the best. They do pay the best. And honestly it's like, it's kind of good 'cause like they're gonna make their return on investment. 'cause like everyone needs those. Like, it's, I Be careful though. 'cause one time I did that vibrator brand deal and then that same vibrator burst into flames Literally Blew up.


you know how hard you have to be fucking using a vibrator for it to come bus? Jesus. No, I, I've like bent some vibrators. Like it's Like I. Really? Yeah. Aren't they like silicone? My favorite one? Yeah. Like the silicone. It Just got bent. I don't Know what I, wait, what's your favorite one? The, the prom max. It, it's Like a black, like long, Like, like, it's like a wand, but it's insane. Oh. Oh. Like Head. It looks like a microphone. It looks like, like micro, A traditional microphone Have one. It's insane. No Hustlers in Hollywood. It's, yeah, I bought the same one as her, but honestly it doesn't need to be that big for it to like, not really work that well to be honest. I found this once small. Same. Same. Horsepower. Horsepower. Sometimes those are too crazy though. No, there's love. No, I love the ones that it's like, you don't even work for it.


It's just like, it's like so lit. I had one that Like I Amm. Not kidding. If I put my mind to it, it would take, it would be 1, 2, 3, finished. Yeah. Like that. That's the type of shit. That's insane to me. You could like touch it to your knee for three seconds. Like the Guy doesn't even know it happened. You could do it in bed with him and he wouldn't notice 100%. That's, that's some good shit. But she Has like a silencer on her. It was like, What? How do you know that? 'cause you were using it. Oh, that one's a good one. It's the one that I posted Like a point. It has a pointed end though. I don't like that. You mean Pointed end. It was my first brand one, but on. It's so good. I'll send you the link. It's a really looks scary. Honestly.


It looked like a perfume bottle, but it did wonders for me. I don't like when it all has like all the extra fingers and stuff though. Like, where do I put Those? Like the rabbit I. Agree. You Put the big part inside of you and then the outside part like goes on your thing. My what? Are we allowed to talk about that on here? Of course the Clicked. I don't like those because I think there's something about like wiping it off after this. No, and it gets all crusty. Like Dece Stop. Oh my God. One of our friends just told us she's throwing away a hole. Her strap ons at the moment because she's, She said she would donate them to me. I told, she said she's gonna donate them to a newer lesbian.


But I'm thinking about it and I'm Like I. Remember I had one, I had a roommate one time who was a lesbian and she would, she just would put it straight back in her box right after they used it. And me and my other roommate would be like, are you gonna perhaps a, what do they call it? Like when you like bar tools in the, in the little green fluid or blue fluid. My, oh my god. Bar. It's called like barbasol or something. I'm really in a, I've, I've been so stressed out that my sex drive is lower Like. I've just been so stressed out and exhausted lately. And, I'm in like just Like I. Don't know. Really? Yeah, my sex drive has been really low. I'm still in a ma major like honeymoon era. I feel like that happens though with like long term. How long have you guys been Together now?


11 months? Yeah, today. Yeah. No, it's, it's not like him. Like I'm still so sexually attracted to him, but I'm just lazy. Just like, Yeah, you don't wanna do I'm lazy too. I mean she my legs in weeks. My boyfriend said it was like getting into bed with one of his homies That raises a few questions. I know. I'm like, how do you know that? Yeah. When is it my turn? Any day now. I'm going on a date tomorrow. Are you with who? Mr. Mr. Dating Show. Same guy. Big, big biceps. Big, Big Biceps. Big. But no, but honestly he's really sweet. We hung out on Halloween. Yeah. I didn't go out and instead he came over.


That's A great flag that he wanted to see you on Halloween. Yeah, no. Yeah, he was texting. We met the weekend before Halloween at a party very organically, which I really appreciated. Okay. 'cause me, I'm on hinge. I'm on the other one. I'm not trying to get kicked off. No offense Please. It's easy to do, apparently. What do you mean? No offense. Oh yeah. You have a boyfriend because it doesn't matter. But we met like organically, so that was really fun. It feels very special in today's like day and age to meet. Yeah. Anyone organically obviously. But That's how I met my Charlotte, North Carolina boyfriend was organically at someone's like birthday party, so in the Valley too. And I was also in the Valley. So I'm just like praying.


I'm like, please me. Next. What? Was he already on a show or is he on a show that's about to come out? He's already been on a show, but I think, I don't know, Maybe in my past dating show experiences, I think had I watched some of those people in their seasons before I dated them, when it ended Like I, it just would've told me a lot of things that I found out organically. Like I. I do think that every single person that I dated from a dating show, like who they were on the show is who they were in our relationship. And it, You could get ahead of it. Yeah, no, I definitely can. I, I haven't seen, I've done like a little tiny bit of research. And I haven't found anything that I don't like necessarily. I do so much research. I don't know how you even like Because, because I, I understand not wanting to know.


I wouldn't watch this man's season of love is Blind if my life depended on I was Like. I am blind. Yeah. But I'm also the kind of person that Like I wanna find out for myself. Unless it's like something like super horrible that like someone did to someone Like I wanna know personally from my own experience. So that's Fair. I just do think, I hope that everything that happened with Mr. TikTok boy We to on us, honestly learned From our mistakes. But at the same time, I also think that you do have to go through every archetype on your own. That's The thing. There's no teaching someone these skills. It's like, not skills, but like, it's like what we all went through. Like everyone's dated like a shit, like shitty social media guy.


It's like all the different like genres, like actor, musician, finance, bro. Struggling clothing brand. Yeah. Jobless lives with his parents. Like, you know. What About Drug Dealer? I did that one. You Did for a long time. Well, because it's fun. It's like, Ooh, you like a high off of it For sure. No pun intended, but like, which is Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. No, I, I remember when I wanted to be like a trap wife, it was my biggest goal and then he ended up extorting me for all my money. And obviously that, you know, I'm Like I. Don't even know who you're talking About. Right. It was like my first boyfriend, but he was a drug dealer. And. I. Like, and he made fake IDs. Like. I thought I was so cool.


I would like sit there and laminate them with him. And I was like, oh my God, this is, is it? No, I was, I was like filling cartridges up. Yeah. Like that's, I was doing that. Yep. In like a, that's How they really like, that's like, that's how they cut corners. They're Like. I'm not gonna like hire someone else and pay them. It's not all them. Yeah. It's like my girlfriend's doing it. Yeah. Like shit, we're both getting in trouble. So fucked. I missed that phase, But I don't any day now. You don't miss that Phase. I said I missed that phase. Oh. Oh, you missed it. Oh, It's the only like corner I really didn't hit. You Know what phase I really want to talk about. Koa brought up NFTs to me. Oh God. Like last night he was like asking me, I forget what he was fucking, oh, he was just asking me if I ever had any NFTs or like Ethereum or something.


And I said no at first. And then I was like, wait, what the fuck? I'm literally lying. Like the NFT era of LA was so fucking dystopian and weird. Now that I like look back to it, I'm so happy I never took the time to understand it because it doesn't matter anymore. It's Like I mean. I think some people still kill it. And obviously there are like the billionaires who, who did it and got their money and got out and like, whatever. But like Ricky Banks, like yeah, the Gorilla Glue. But so obviously something, whenever it trends online, it'll usually make it to la. Especially if it's something that these like fuck boys can make money with. And so I kind of just wanna talk about specifically, but I'll bleep that. But essentially we were all friends with this guy, our friend, he starts this company and they rent out a giant mansion in Hollywood Hills and they start throwing parties there.


Mar Well wait, no, he's gonna see it. Nevermind. I was gonna say Margot Robbie's house. So yeah, they, they rent out Margot Robbie's house and they start having these really exclusive NFT parties and people are like, fucking fighting to get in the door. You're only fucking cool if you can go to them. And Like I remember how seriously they took it? And then they would the, in the walls of the house, they had all these TVs and on the TV they would put the NFT images. And it was like, each night was to honor someone who was like getting an NFT. Like you had a night, right? I had a night. And it's like, but everyone did Like I. Remember Miles O'Neal had one and like, I'm trying to think of like just other, Yeah, they, they were gifting people.


These NFTs, Like Vinny Hacker had one. I'm trying to think. Yeah, David Dorich. I'm trying to think. Like, And so then everyone would like come and then like, that person would like walk through the room and everyone's staring at them while they like accept their NFT images and like, yeah, It feels very like Black Mirror now that You're thinking about it. It was so like culty, these NFT parties, like the way, and everyone's just there talking about building and like trying to like bring you into this like dark world where you buy these like Like I, remember like the things people were doing to get like an NFT. I remember someone, someone gifted me a world of women, NFT and Like I made it my Twitter profile photo and it was like worth all this money. And like, people were like so weird to me about it.


Like, yeah, we did You like sell them? Like what do you do with them? We still, I still own mine. I think I might still own some, I actually, I don't know, what Do they call it? It's, it's in, it's in our like cloud or something. Wallet Our wallet. Oh, your wallet. Yeah. But it's, I just wish I could express to you the vibes of how like very like actual like scary movie. It Just was strange. But they really got me with like, all those hor d'oeuvres. They had like music showcases and just like the thought of like being honored in front of people. It was like, ugh. Clinton did a performance at one of them. Yeah. Didn't he? Yeah. And it was like And I. It just like, everything felt so culty though. Like it was so, it was Like I can't express it enough. Like you, they would like take you to the back room of the house and you would Like Yeah. And you had to give like your secret password and like all this information about yourself and then you would walk out and they would present you with it.


And then everyone would be just lined up, staring at you. Like very much think like scary movie. And then you would like walk up. And it was also a surprise what it was when you got there. So you hadn't seen it beforehand. And then you would get it and it'd be like, oh, she got a like, and whatever it was called. And then you'd have to like stand up there while everyone claps and like it's on screen And take photos of you. Yeah. Like behind you and like, just looking back and it was like, you were only cool if you did that. Like you were only like, cool if I was so happy when I got one. Honestly. I was like, oh my God, I can't believe it. I Remember that because it was like such a social status thing. And now the NFT world is just, and this was, it wasn't like, this was once in a while. Like I feel like it was like twice a week we were doing NFT related things. Like what do you mean? It was A lot. I feel like I remember seeing it like literally all the time.


I didn't Really participate in that. Which like, where are they now? Yeah. And then what happened? Like just the market crashed. Like it's, I don't Know. I wonder Like I we should have sold. I, I remember like someone sold theirs and it was like very like taboo. Like everyone hated them after that. Yeah. Like you Yeah, exactly. You would get them. So I didn't wanna sell If people sold them, it was like you were kicked disrespectful Because you got kicked. Yeah. You got gifted it. So like you, you're supposed to wait until it's Like I don't know. But Then all the people I know and so we waited to like not be, and now Ours is probably worth like belly buttoning nothing. Yes. And a paperclip. And like at the time it was hundreds of thousands of dollars. That's so sad. Yeah. I would've sold that shit and been like, bye. How Lucky. Care. Lucky are we, I just accidentally called my real estate agent in the bathroom and left her a 32nd voice memo of me peeing.


And I'm talking like trickle peeing and I'm so fucking embarrassed. You didn't Unsend it. Could you, can you unsend it or No? I don't think you can unsend a voicemail. Yeah, you can. Oh, A voicemail. Oh, a voicemail. Not a voice memo. I call it rang all the way to voicemail. And then I looked down And I was like, why is my phone talking? And it's like, No, that would happen to You though. Wait, honestly, I, yeah, you were just, Tana just reminded me of a story that I, I was telling on tour, but now I can probably tell It's my favorite story ever. I so I hate to talk about shitting myself again, especially after just talked about how I use my vibrator on the toilet. But we always tell these stories about shitting ourselves and I'm Like I, like I'm so above that. I don't wanna talk Like.


I don't. I don't shit like ever And I was telling a horrible story on stage that I don't know if I can ever make it to the internet, but let's just say it was, it was a little poopy, but there was a point, it was like something awful that happened to me on Trippen with Tart and yeah, some ozempic related lore and a whole lot Of And I was like, I'm gonna leave the pooping myself stories to Tana. Like that's not gonna be me. But we had a little, I had an experience on tour where for some reason, obviously like we go to like from city to city, we order food in every city. And like we were in the most like random like, like like Wilkes Bar Pennsylvania or something. Yeah. And it gets scary when you start ordering like sushi in Burlington, Vermont.


Yes. Su in like Kentucky. Yeah. You just don't do that. Yeah. And so one night we, Especially, especially 'cause our shows end so late, so it's not like it's Even Yeah, like the last door open, like we ordered from this not super sketchy like ramen place. Like literally like Open at like 1:00 AM like that's horrifying. There's just No reason. So we're ordering and on a a Postmates group order, you can see like what everybody orders. So I see that Tana like exactly what she orders and I'm like, maybe I'll just order what she orders. But I noticed that she added a marinated egg. I'm such a slut from marinated Egg. Okay. I love, I've never had a marinated egg because they are gray. And I. Don't think eggs should be gray. It just, it's like, how did it get gray? Give it to me. Now I don't get it. Like, it just feels like, it feels like it's like rotten to me. I love Eggs, So I've always avoided it, but I'll try anything once.


So I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna have one marinated egg. And so I added one to my ramen. The ramen comes, I eat the ramen, I eat my egg. And it was so fucking delicious. I'm not kidding. It literally Like. I was like high. I was like Invigorating. This is the best. I'm not kidding. Like I felt Like. I felt like when I was using my vibrator on that toilet, I was paralyzed with joy. And she stole everybody's eggs. She stole my egg. I took, I started fucking snatching eggs left and right. Everyone who turned around And I took their egg. I had like 13 eggs. I remember I got into my like bed that night. And, I like 4:00 AM I'm about to fall asleep. My eyes open. And I was like Brooke fucking stole my egg out of my ramen. Not even my side egg, but my like out of my ramen. Well, You should have been quicker.


Yes. Easter bunny. Anyway, get those eggs. So I eat everyone's eggs and the next morning Bebe's flying in. So I have to wake up early. And I get, she's calling me, calling me, she's outside the bus. So I roll over, I put my little feet on the ground outside my bunk and I'm like, oh fuck, there are eggs coming outta me. Like there's like, it's gonna be a major disaster in a second. I was like, oh my God, I have like, there's nothing I can do. And so I open the door, I don't even greet Bebe. I'm like Bebe bathroom Now. Like, we have to find a bathroom. I'm like fucking screaming. There's like this, there's no bathrooms nearby. There's not like a Starbucks that we could go to. Like there's no Tum Tumbleweed Avenue. Yeah, Like I literally saw a tumbleweed go by. So I'm Like I called Thomas, our tour manager.


And, I'm Like. I need early venue access. I need get to get into that Venue. And these venues mind you, like obviously I, I think that there's an, there's an equal understanding where they're like, Hey Thank you for selling all these tickets to our venue. But the majority of them are like theaters or like, they see a lot of rock bands, like a lot of times like the venues don't really like us. Like they're kind of like these dumb horse. No, I guess like, yeah, it's just, they just, you we're not supposed to be in there before a certain time, whatever. And They don't wanna sit a minute earlier. You're not gonna get me into this venue right now, or I'm gonna be shitting on the sidewalk outside the venue and it ruins everybody's show. Okay. So he's like, oh, I'll see what I can do. And, I. Wait like three minutes. And I'm like, oh, it's happening now. Okay. And I'm gonna pink boys' lie sweatsuit. It's not gonna, it's not gonna go down like this.


So I call Thomas back again. And, I say Thomas, I'm, I don't even, literally, I don't give him a chance to speak. I'm like Thomas, I'm shitting myself right now. It's on the sidewalk. Sidewalk. It's literally warm. Like I'm fucking, it's, I'm blowing, blowing everywhere. Like I Don't. I was being so graphic because I was trying to like give him a major sense of urgency. Okay. And then the door swings open. So I'm like, ugh, thank God And I hang up. I go inside And I handle the situation. Okay. I did not ship myself nothing. Nothing down the leg. Not so much as a droplet situation was And. I was like feeling, I was feeling like, so I was like, oh my God, I really, I did that. I ate Gagged me. I handled that with ease. That situation shear. Yes. I kept saying that on stage I missed shear.


Shear. That's Crazy. So then I'm sitting there, I'm chilling empty as can be And I get a text from Thomas and he's like, Hey, hope you're doing well. I hadn't heard from you in a while. Like weird call this morning. And I'm thinking like, what the fuck? How Lucky are we? I go to my fucking call log you guys and the first call that I had placed was to Thomas our tour manager. And the second call was to Thomas as in like Clinton Cain's best friend Thomas. It's so, so like, like you couldn't write that better. Like literally like 50 part series bathrobe. And then she calls his best friend and says, I'm shitting down the walls prank.


But you know, For the first time. But given he doesn't like him anymore. So it was like fine. But like I'm just, I'm just imagining that for The first time just the that happening and just like me just typing in Thomas and just calling the first Thomas. I see. And literally saying like, yeah, I'm shitting now. My like At least he isn't like still best friends with Clinton. 'cause I just painted this image of like, for the first time in three years they had like a good day at Clinton Kane's camp. Like they're all sitting around Like I laughing at, They did have a recent good day, I will say. Oh yeah. But that's just About it to Brooke. I just saw him though. I saw Thomas at the Sean Mende concert. Oh yeah, he, Sean Mende Clinton came. That wasn't you. No, Sienna seen him twice.


I would literally, I don't even know what I would do if I saw him. I would punch him For sure. You know, you know what I did? Do you guys know this lore? Actually I was doing research. This was What? I don't know what story You're about to talk. I, I heard about, I heard a little rumor that Clinton Cain was performing at the Winston House in Santa Monica or in Venice. Alright, Venice. I can't speak English in Venice. And so I went, I was doing research. Okay. This Was as your series was coming out, right? Like you you went showed up this right after, Right after. No, no, no. It was was before the series had come out.


Are you sure? Yeah. Bebe Like. I. That is just like a testament to your character through and through. Like she's cooking this man online, like diabolical for the property. I'm not gonna lie, she didn't find out. I found out And. I called her And. I said Bebe. 'cause I was outta town. I was on tour. And. I was like, Bebe, you're gonna hate to hear this, but, well I didn't even, But all expenses paid for Trip to Venice is in your near future. No, I didn't tell her to go, but I was like, oh, you're gonna die. Like he's, he's doing a show at Win Winston House tonight. And Bebe, without even a beat hesitate was like, oh, I'm Going. I said, I'm there. I'm driving 35 minutes from from West Hollywood to Venice Beach. Okay. To see Clinton Kane per his free show by the way. And just brief, Just imagine him on stage, like turning to that feeling.


He did a Video of him singing him for the first Time. I have, I have a video. I'll show it to you. I have a video of him. I'm filming him singing. First off Taylor Swift, a cover of Like I posted on TikTok. It was actually horrible. Bless And. I have a video of him looking at my camera, seeing me and being like, he forgot the words. He Forgot the words. That's one of my biggest fears on tour. I like often, often go into this like paranoid haze that I'm gonna look out into the crowd and like just see someone sitting there like a scary movie that like hates me. I like always have that fear. Yeah. Like at the LA show, I was like on the edge of my seat. I was like, oh my God. Like I'm his worst nightmare. Like I know. It's funny too, I Like I was having that like nightmare on stage during the LA show for like a minute.


And I was just thinking about Like, I don't even know. Just like people I pissed off, I was thinking about Cody Cole fans and this guy stands up and he like tells a whole story and then he's like, my name is Cody k by the way, And I was like, oh shit. Yeah. I don't even like seeing people I like in the audience. Like I saw my boyfriend ruin my whole show. 100%. I feel the same way. It like really fucks me up. It's like it Did. 'cause I'm like, now I have to think about everything from his perspective. Now I know exactly what angle he is seeing me at. Horrifying hate It. And he is telling, listening to me tell this story about shitting down my leg. You looked Amazing. It happened. Yeah, you did look Absolutely gorgeous. I was, I was sitting next to him if that helps. So I had his exact perspective. Oh, Thank you. Yeah. Aw. I wanna, I know that I've been going really hard on movie reviews and like seriously if you people want I love it.


Want me to stop? I will stop. I don't, I've just, obviously I've been in my grandma era, I've been at home, I've been in taking more media. And, I have a lot of fucking thoughts. Okay. I watched a movie the other day and I mean this. I truly, truly fucking mean this in my 26 years of life. I don't think a movie has ever like made me think these thoughts or like freaked me out as much as this movie. The Substance with Demi Moore. If you guys have not seen It, I have to watch it tonight. Is it, it's good. Like you liked It. Yes. But it's gonna fuck you up. It's gonna fuck you up And I know, I don't wanna get fucked up. Like what sense though? Like is it sad or is it just like, like mentally like Of it's scary but do you know what a scary movie isn't scary?


Like jump scare like, oh like, like psychologically It's scary. This could Happen. Like psychologically it's gonna freak you out in a way that no other movie I've ever seen has freaked me out. Essentially the plot of this movie is Demi Moore is playing this actress who has been in Hollywood for a long time and she becomes kind of older and like she feels washed up, she feels older, she feels not as hot as she was before her entire career before was kind of based on her being hot. Like she had like a hot girl like workout show on like the Today Show essentially. Like where it was just like all about her body and being young and being hot and whatever. And she sees an ad in the newspaper that essentially is casting for a new hotter her like, but straight up says her name, like her name is Elizabeth Sparkle.


And it's like, are you the next Elizabeth Sparkle? Like, like we need like do you know what I mean? And she's freaking out about it. Right? And she gets in a car accident. She goes to the doctor and the doctor low key. And this is something that happens in LA all the time too, which I think really freaks me out. But the doctor offers her this stuff called the substance essentially that she can shoot up and it will make her a younger, hotter version of herself. Signing A right isn't like NAD shot like a thing right now. Yes, Exactly. I think that that makes you Stop aging though. Not age backwards. Oh, I Thought essentially. But like it's, it's essentially playing on that, in my opinion, on the Majaro and the NAD and the beauty standard and all of that.


And I feel like we've seen so many things where it talks about the beauty standard, but not in this way. Like in a way that's almost scary. Like I think that how scary the movie was, like showcased it in such a different unsettling way and she goes home and she shoots it up. I'm gonna spoil some things. So for anyone, wait, what if I wanted to watch it? Yeah. Wait, I don't, Yeah, no, you can still watch it. You, I'm not gonna like tell you all of it, but like essentially it births a new her, right? It's not like she ages backwards like there is now her and a new her. Oh no. And then they have to take weeks.


They have to take like, like one week the new hot her gets to go do things while her body is like out for the count and like hot new her has to like feed older if that makes sense. And then like hot her will like die for a week and then like she gets a week. But if the timing gets fucked up at all, it takes from the other one. So then like New hot her starts allotting for more time. Like she gets like a Vogue Magazine cover and she's like, okay, I'm not gonna let old me live This week. And it starts killing her. So it's killing the and it's, it is so fucked up and it's like, it made me just really think, 'cause it's Like I fall victim to most things like this.


Yeah. I would've immediately taken that substance home. I'm sitting here right now, now debating getting on Manjaro or something fun that everyone else is on. And Like I. I am gonna unpack it a little more maybe on the Patreon. But like I'm watching this movie and I'm Like I would fall victim to the substance a thousand percent. You would would. And it's, and it makes, oh I got my tongue. It makes me so sad. Like it was like the, just the feeling and it's, it's really the way it's shot is so disgusting, disgusting, eerie. Like Mako couldn't even like watch like it was like, so it Demi Moore's performance, it's oh my God. And just all the men in the movie are super creepy.


Like pretty girls should smile and like, it's like, Is it like, like American Horror Story vibes? It's like if American Horror Story and Black Mirror had a baby, but the premise of it, I think I could see happening in Los Angeles right now. Right now. Like it is like so eerily accurate. That's scary. It's really scary. I don't think I wanna watch that. I think I'll watch it with you. I'm gonna fall asleep in 10 minutes, but I'll Watch it. I don't even think you could fall asleep. I'm not kidding. It is like, oh she can, so I've Never, oh yeah. Don't you have like narcolepsy when it comes to movies? No, she has this M as fuck no, it's Not even that. Like it could be like my me giving birth and she's like, no, Absolutely not.


That is not true. First of all, if you're giving birth, I'm looking at your vagina. No, it's Like. I. Haven't seen like Star Wars, Harry Potter. I haven't seen me either. Like anything important that I should probably watch because I'll fall asleep. I'm gonna watch it tonight. I'll report back. I'm, it's going Tana's movie reviews. Actually it's going to fuck up. We should You watch something a week and then come back, It's gonna fuck you up like A book club. I like, dude, I'm, I like I'm, I know that literally like This week. I want to go get like a lip flip, maybe smash shots. Wait, Can I come And? I'm like, Yes. And I'm like, I'm gonna be sitting there with that needle in me like with a whole different perspective. It like genuinely fucked me up. Not hard enough to not go get it though. And that's the sad part.


That's the sad part about society and the fucking beauty standard and every, it's, it's such i it it's such a fucked up movie. I had a refreshing experience the other day where I went in to try to get under under eye filler and she was like, yeah, you don't need that. Really? I told you that. Well I mean I always have gotten it. I creamy. But she's like, that's not the thing anymore. Like you don't get that. She's like, if you want to do something you can do PRP. But like we're not doing that under eye filler anymore. Like grow up. Yeah. I feel like filler's not as much like as popular as it has ever Been. It's not for sure. 'cause there low key is Like. I have under eye filler that's now like over here. Yeah. Migrates so bad. I, I experienced so much migration that like now I almost want to go into like reverse. I completely understand. I Reversed most things.


I didn't reverse my under eyes though 'cause I didn't wanna like, 'cause sometimes when you dissolve it like dissolves some of your like actual tissue too. And Like. I couldn't afford to be any more hollow than I was. So it's like whatever, I'll let it go to my ears or something. I think you're perfect to me. You're Hers. Yeah, I'm definitely more, I'm not trying to fill in juice everything as much as I was. Duh. Except for my ass. That's, I will Juice my ass up anytime I literally feel like I'm gonna topple over at any second. I looked At a live photo of me the other day and it, the body dysmorphia is so crazy because at the time I remember thinking, God I look like a bunch of doorknobs in a bag. And I. Like That's how I feel about your whole white log. What? Oh my God. Stop. I'm just my ass.


Like at the time I was like, my ass looks like a bunch of doorknobs in a bag. And I looked back like I'm looking back at this live photo. And I was cheeked the fuck up. I was hiking just juicy taking nudes on Runyon, which is just a different time. But I was juiced cheeked up to the gods and now I'm I've got the, I'm smokey the hang Kell pack. I get it, I get it. But there's no shame in that Butts are out. That's what they're saying. They're saying no butts. I'm just saying I miss having Like I miss being like, oh, Tana's caked up. you know what I mean And it's like No one's ever said anything. Now you can fit into about me for that little miss me Jean. Yeah. You can fit into a little tiny Jean Little miss Me. I just, I miss being cheeked the fuck up.


I think I'm gonna go back and really, really, really do my big ones. The only time I've ever had a butt is like when I was like low key, like way thicker. I just miss my ass. I Wish you got to keep Like I. Wish I could like hold onto some things like pick And choose. I just really do get sad sometimes about like my perception of myself though. 'cause it's like, it's always like, it's horrible. You think you look so bad and then it's like you look back and it's like, oh my God. Like I looked amazing. Yeah, it's It's and it's so sad. It's Society Does that too. Even now. Like the hardest I am about my body. You're like the biggest I ever was. Like I would never look at someone else and be like, oh she's fat percent percent if, if I saw someone else with that body. But like me with that body for some reason I'm like, And why we can't just love ourselves in the moment. I know you want what you can't have.


It's so true. That's just the, you know, It's so true. It is so true. I'm trying to be better about it. The substance really did fuck me up. I mean, hopefully. Hopefully it fucked me up enough to where I don't change things. But I do have an as shot and lip foot appointment next week. So I Love a lip foot. I need, I want as shots still. I don't, I don't think anything can make me feel different about that. Wait, what is it? It's, it's like builds your collagen. Sculptra. Yeah. They made it for burn victims. Oh. 'cause their face would concave in and then they would inject it with it and it would re, it would regrow. Make the collagen. So it makes your own ass grow. And that's why I was obsessed that I was like, I'm all natural. My own ass is growing right now. It's growing just at a rapid rate. Like oh And.


I want that, that wait, I think I want that too. Me too. It really hurts though. Love twins and the needle's massive. I don't care to give it to me now. It really hurts. I Don't care if it, It's painful and you feel like a fucking Turkey the way they like based you on the table with the needle. Like it's, it's a very in and out me motion. It's not like an in inject, it's like Well it's Thanksgiving. It's like a cannula, right? Yes, yes. Thanksgiving season. Yeah. But I used to do it on like Instagram live. It's like okay. I Don't know. Wait, what community guidelines? So many, so many eras that I need to reflect on. But I think we should move on over to the Patreon. 'cause I do have a lot too to say I'm, I really wanna talk shit about Love is Blind too. Alright guys, we love you so much. Thank you for listening to another episode of the Cancelled podcast and joining us on this beautiful fall night.


I don't even know what we talked about Toilet. I love he breathe To be away from zb. We love you guys so much and we're gonna go unpack so much. Laura on the Patreon. We love you guys.


They dazzled this holiday season by Northern Virginia's largest drive-through light show at Bull Run Festival of Lights. Celebrate the holidays as a family while staying warm and cozy as you slowly drive through. Two and a half miles of dazzling displays in Bull Run Regional Park in Centerville va. Visit November 22nd through 27th and save $5 with promo code iHeart five perfect outing for the family. Or a cozy date night during the holidays. Get your tickets today at Bull Run festival of lights.com.