
How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today's actually Friday. So yes. Happy fry. A random stranger in the elevator. Happy Fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


For all of your residential and commercial heating needs this year, call the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf one 800. Go crop or visit crop metcalf.com. Crop Met one with five Crop Metcalf, home of the five star technician.


Hello Hello. And. Welcome back to the Cancelled Cancelled podcast. Ah, that was a good one. I love this. I love This. We say this every episode. I know, but I just really, Like I just really am appreciating you even more than normally. Lately I have been to, I forget what I was doing yesterday where I was like, God, I love her. Aw, maybe sometimes I like stumble upon your old videos or like Like I did. See that video of you in the, in the black Latex outfit in the red lip. Yesterday's like, God, I just love her. And I, you've lived so many lives and also like getting to explain you to another person, like seeing you from third person. Does that make sense? I guess I always see you from third person anyway. Like it's funny 'cause it's Like I get to be like, no.


And then she did this and then she did this and then she married Jake Paul. Wait, it was so weird yesterday. Like it's always weird when he fights, but especially like Mike Tyson, I just couldn't believe like the amount of people Like I, just the theatrics and just the spectacle that it was. I'm Like I cannot believe that. This is Jake Paul Like I know And I. Remember when he first like first decided he was gonna box and we like went to Vegas and he was just like in that little house and he's like, yeah, I'm gonna box. I'm taking it really seriously. And I'm thinking like, now he's fighting Mike Tyson. Which was easily like maybe the worst, most horrible thing I've ever seen. Why? It was so sad. Oh, I have been seeing a lot of that.


It's, you Didn't think it was sad. Okay, here's what I wanna say. I wanna like be careful with my words. 'cause I see, I see it from multiple angles. I guess, How do I put this into words? I guess the emotion that I feel where I'm like so fucking proud of Jake is there as well. Like, it's like so iconic to me. Like genuinely thinking about like this Ohio vlogging kid, like manifesting all of his dreams and like literally like Logan fighting Floyd and him fighting Mike Tyson. Like that's crazy. To hit the ceiling on your dreams. Like you know what I mean? Like imagine Like I tomorrow I was Like I wanna be a singer. And then I was like singing with like Celine Dion. Like I. Don't even, there's not a, I don't, I can't think of the right analogy, but it's, that is so cool to me.


But Like I Know. He's like not a little old guy, but it just Like I think it just upset me. I see what you're saying. Like from a business perspective, like just like how well it personal amazing That is. It's such a huge accomplishment and it is so amazing. But I just Like I think like it's crazy. 'cause all of us knew it was happening. you know what I mean? Like everyone knew this was happening. It's on every billboard in town. It's everywhere you go. Mm. And everyone was like so excited to watch it. And then the second they started fighting, everyone was like, what is this? I can't believe this is happening. Yeah. How are we allowing this? It's very 2024. Like what the fuck do you mean Mike Tyson is fighting Jake Paul. But I guess, Yeah, and it was, I guess 'cause he just was so confident that we were like, okay, like if you, if you can slay.


Yeah. Like do your thing Mikey, I can I just say that my favorite part of the entire fucking fight was the fact that they aired Mike Tyson's Ass. It was so, it was a, it was like a bit right? Because people are saying like, someone at Netflix is getting fired. But I'm Like I think it was for sure intentional. It was like an like a clip from the office. But I just feel like Mike Tyson yet Like I me being so parasocial. I do not know Mike Tyson allow me to go on the record. Coco's my best friend. Yes. Same energy. Exactly. But I just, I don't, I'm like Mikey boy, the homie. I love him. Like. I feel like he would never agree to that. Like I think he would. I think he's got a sense of humor on him. There's no way he would Bare back said real and discussed his biting fixation.


Wait, that was hilarious. You did you see that? He's always done that though. Like, bite his gloves. Right? I know, but did you see when they asked him about it and he go like they, they were like, what was the deal? Like were you fixing your mouth guard? And he goes, I have a biting fixation. And the guy goes, I've heard that about you. Because he like bit a guy's ear off. Oh shit. That's the thing too, I think like, with everyone being like really sad 'cause like this is elder abuse and all the things people are saying and stuff, but it's like if however long ago he was that insane, like biting someone's ear off. It's almost like he's like dwindled down to the perfect amount of sanity to like fight a Paul. Right Paul? Yeah. But I, I just, I don't know. I've been fired up. I see how the whole biting the ear off thing could happen.


The fight before that was Amanda Serrano. Oh, ICI was sick. And I. This goes back to something that I've said on Cancelled before. I cannot believe that fighting UFC, all of that is legal because it's like, how? Like what do you mean? Like, we're literally gathering around like tens of millions of people are literally paying money to watch people beat the shit outta each Other. And like Char Theron and like Joe Jonas. Yeah. Like even a wholesome people like it. Yeah. And and her fucking literal skull is coming out of her eyebrow and we're all like, Woohoo. I it's so real. I I didn't even know you could hit someone hard enough that their eyebrow could be falling off like prosciutto.


I did Because that's why every hot guy has a scar on his eyebrow. 'cause it's, it's, it like protrudes out further than the rest of your face. So it's the first thing to hit if something hits your face. But I just didn't know skin could get loose like That. No, well it just breaks though. So easy. And then it just flops. And you're right, it was prosciutto. I couldn't even watch it. But what I was getting at is Like I. I literally pray to God every single night I go to bed And I say, please God, if you give me children, do not let them be raised into adulthood and then decide that they want to be a professional boxer. Yeah. And like football, CTE all that stuff is like really, really scary. Like please Choose pottery. Yeah, please choose like cello. But I feel Like a lot of people go into boxing too are also raised by people who are like, like Jake and Logan's parents.


Like Greg Paul is so like, ah, you know, like it Just is so scary. Like, like what is the end goal? Like literally like someone just has to be so beat up that it's over. That's horrible. Like It's like insane. And I. Love it. Someone has to be so hurt that they are like, like that's the whole concept behind it. What do you mean? I was, there was Tory Kelly was singing the star spanked banner before it. Oh she phenomenal. She was so good. But I was just thinking like, America's so funny. Like, you know what I mean? Just like we sing the star spanked banner with our hands over our hearts before these two grown men beat the fuck out of each other. Like Yeah, I saw you say that. And what is a Rampart? Yeah, Like the rockets red glare and like we all have to do it. Like, yeah. I feel like we should rewrite.


I feel like we should make a up updated national anthem. Right? Like it just feels so dystopian to me now I have to stop using dystopian And I. Like don't even, you know what it means. I have a confession make, I've never fucking known what that means. I think Like I just Like I like a different world I think is what it means Really quickly too. We have to talk about the the like the way that Jake came out was so I could, the birds in the cage in the back, I was Trying, no that was hilarious to me. But Like I think Like I was trying to explain like we were trying to differentiate like between whether he was trolling or actually he's just like that and it's like either he's the greatest, best troll of all time or he is the corniest motherfucker alive in the best way.


I think he knows what he's doing 100%. Like, he's like, let me do as many things to get the most eyes on me. He's brilliant. But Dave Portnoy said like, they are the best marketers of all time in the Hundred Percent pod brothers. Hundred percent. I have to stop quoting. Everyone's like, why do you worship Dave Portnoy? And I'm like, honestly, I don't know why. Well Dave Portnoy's just been saying so much lately too that it's like, yeah, I think I just like l like Even I just, I love a man who's passionate in My upcoming vlog. I just edited, how is he pulling that into my vlog? And like that is the greatest clip of all time he died. I know rest in peace fly high. How is he pulling that guy? I met him once. You did? Mm. Miami. Oh. Or I'm making that up completely. No, I think he's pretty memorable actually.


Yeah. But it's like, it feels like a fever dream. But I guess all of Miami does for me, so I don't fucking know. But yeah, the fight was, that was crazy to watch. Just really crazy overall. It was sad that I'm, I'm sleeping fine at night knowing that Mike Tyson is $25 million richer. That's the thing is that's kind of like the marketing thing of this, right? Like getting these legends who now need like a bag. And it was usually, except for Tommy theory Was usually beneficial. Like, well because obviously Mike Tyson, he's his, his legacy's never gonna be tarnished. Like he is a legend. Yeah. Like everybody knows it. But now Jake has this like Mike Tyson endorsement, which is like the best, most like the highest honor you can possibly have. Like he straight up said like, this guy's a great fighter. Like, Like that's crazy.


That is amazing. It's so crazy. And it's just like, it's cool as well of Mike Tyson I guess. I always think it's cool when people from the other generations are supportive and welcoming to whatever the new generation is doing. And obviously boxing has probably changed. I can't even imagine how much since Mike, Tyson started fighting. Yeah, I, you know, I also think that Jake was so, I'm so happy I was fucking literally on the edge of my seat. Like fearing for him to get up there and be Like I fucking told you or something. And he was so graceful. Yeah. Which I respect think was really Like. I loved that because there's everyone, it was just like overwhelming disappointment. Everybody was disappointed when he won. And like, that's sad because obviously he wants to be like celebrating and stuff, but like, nobody wants to see an old man get beat up.


Especially like Mike Tyson, like America's sweetheart calling Mike Tyson America's sweetheart player. We, I've learned so much about him though. Like today, Like I found out that he has like all these pet pigeons. You didn't know the pigeon law. I had no idea about all the pigeons. And I also didn't know that he had lost his daughter. I did not know that. That's really sad. Yeah, she's two and she, I think two or four. Those are two different ages. But yeah, he lost his, I think she was four. That's so sad. She died. They asked him like, what was, what's like the hardest thing you've ever had to face or like something like worse or like the craziest fight you've ever dealt. And he was like, just like the fear or like losing my daughter. It was so sad. That just gave me chills. That's fucking insane.


Yeah. And it was like a horrible way too. It was like just ugh. Yeah. Anyway, I love him. I'm happy he's, Yeah, he loves, I love In his pigeons. Loves pigeons are so brilliant. It's so interesting that like they're so looked down upon. I am like so fucking convinced that pigeons aren't real. Like that's a robot. I Can't with you. And you're, you're teetering like the line of like my mother With These conspiracies, like Beyonce did nothing. Well beyond, I don't Know, you know what I mean? Like I'm, I don't wanna say that 'cause like what if I'm wrong? Here's what I'm gonna Say. But like, we landed on the moon. I wanna say that really quick. I was actually just talking about how, I don't know if, I think we did still. Well you go there, you know what I mean? Like imagine that this is what pisses me off about it.


Imagine like you're the fucking person who went to the moon and then there's fucking two idiots on a couch with a big fucking podcast that are like, no, no, You didn't make podcast equipment more expensive. you know what I mean? I mean Like, like No, you fucking didn't. You're Honestly so Right. But here's the thing. So Paige was telling me this in the car today. Again, it's all telephone. I don't know if this is real information or not. Okay. But apparently from what I hear, we went to the moon because Russia was like, we're gonna go to the moon. Yeah. It was a race. It Was a race. Yeah. And then what do you mean? What do you mean? We were like, no, we just have to first man. Yes, Of course. It's like a big huge accomplishment. You don't want fucking Russia to get there before we do. Okay. But think about how America is, right?


Like just overall. Like if we were to move to the moon, there would be cyber trucks on the moon by now. Like what do you mean? We've just never gone back 'cause It was so fucking expensive and we like exhausted all of our money and resources to go to the moon. Literally For him to stick a little stick in The sand. Just to say like to Russia. Yes. Like What? Yes. It was like a big dick competition. And then Wasn't there wind blowing in the US flag on the moon. And apparently there's no atmosphere for there to be wind on the moon. There's, It wasn't wind. I think it's lack of gravity. It was like, you know, Yeah, you're right. I Can begin. Like what was it gonna do? Just be pulled to the ground. The humans aren't even pulled to the ground. How Many people went to the moon? Was it just a buzz Light year?


Yeah, I think it was just him. I don't know. It was like three of them or something. Lance Armstrong. Or on The bike. We should try to get a moon adjacent on Like. I want the cousin of someone who went to the moon on Cancelled and Like. I need some lore Or Like it was, it's gotta be someone's grandpa, Right? Like that. That's what I'm saying. Is it Lance Or Neil? 'cause I'm fucking really sound stupid. I Thought those were the people who flew the plane. No, that's The right brothers. The right brothers. Brother. Brother. It was Neil. And they invented the airplane. They didn't fly. Well they didn't Fly. It didn't go to the moon at all. It was Neil. Yeah, I knew it. Lance has one testicle. He had testicular cancer and he has, he was the yellow bracelets. Remember when we were all wearing the yellow bracelets? Nevermind he biker, right?


Yeah. Lance Armstrong. And then they go do the pink, like the yellow bracelets were for like testicular cancer and then pink bracelets were for breast cancer. Oh that's So remember the little rubber bracelet and then we all of a sudden added iHeart boobies to 'em. That's what, that's what I like remember. I remember the pink ones. I kind of remember the yellow. I don't know. That is crazy. Maybe you were li I I it was when I, I remember it because I was in my accelerated reading class. I wore it. And you had to read about testicular cancer. No, I just remember wearing it in that particular classroom and so it, that's how I know that you were probably a little bit too young for it. Oh, that's crazy. Because I was in like maybe first grade. Oh, I Wonder that is, I don't know. Circling back to Mike Tyson's ass. I think there's no fucking way in hell that he would ever let that happen.


I think that it was 100% a mistake. Netflix was being kind of glitchy. Anyways, I can fire, But why? Why wasn't he wearing anything but that little chap And wasn't there like a Nike or a Gatorade sign behind him? Like I. So then now I'm defending that it was staged. I don't know what I'm seeing. Yeah. Whose team are you on here? But there's no way Mike Tyson agreed to be double cheeked up on a Thursday on Netflix. I Think he was like, oh, go ball. you know what? Go all in. What shame does he have? He's fucking, everyone loves him. I didn't know that boxers looks like that before they performed. Like just like crack out. Like what do you mean everybody? You don't have Nike Pros. Everybody naked it before they put clothes on, But like you'd think, you'd think that they put on their clothes at home and then came Clothed.


I don't know. Jake came in like the the funkiest outfit I've ever seen. What Was it? It was like, so Jake Paul. It was like a, it was crazy big Silver, silver Barber. He had expensive shorts. They were like a million dollars. Oh yeah. Alec Monopoly. Alec Monopoly. So fucking rich. And it's so crazy. Like you're te like Alec Monopoly's talented. His fucking, he's done a lot of iconic stuff and I'm not engaging that At all. Actually just Alec now. Right? Monopoly sued him. That's Hilarious. I didn't, but you're telling me if I just go start painting Peppa on walls, I can all of a sudden be like, that's a million bucks. I've never understood that about art in general. Really? Me neither. I think it's a confidence thing. Kind of sick. You know, you know who's a really amazing artist that we like don't think about is Jim Carrey.


He is like an insane, I think his brain is just like it's, it operates in a way that like nobody else's does. But it's, 'cause I know that show comedians and cars getting coffee. It is so good. You should have a little like segment on your YouTube channel like that or something like that. So It's literally my dream. But then I think about it in, Tara has her, her show in the car. James Cordon did Carpool Karaoke. Like it's like people do it. There's somewhere in between James Cord and Tara Yummy that you could find a You think So? Yeah. You think that's my me my medium. I honestly really fucking do And I mean that


It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings Casino. With this season's offerings, you'll unwrap everything you wished for. From table games and jackpots to a slot at the top of everyone's list. Jingle Bells power reels. DraftKings is offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 INSTANTLY IN CASINO CREDITS with just a $10 wager Plus EVERYONE can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with Code Cancelled because the holiday cheer is here. Only on DraftKings Casino Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically. present in Connecticut Michigan. New Jersey, Pennsylvania. West Virginia. only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Opt in required Casino Credits are non withdrawable and expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Yay. Then you check your phone quickly and discover today's actually Friday. So yes. Happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


If recent temperatures are any indication it looks like we're in for another cold winter. Make sure your residential or commercial heating system will keep you warm all season long by calling the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf. A crop Metcalf five star technician has the training and tools to properly fix and maintain your system and can catch potential problems. Before your left out in the cold, call one 800 Go Crop or visit crop metcalf.com. And remember, crop Metcalf is the one with five stars Crop Metcalf home of the five star technician.


I got tea bagged Intentional or acts I've been begging Mcco to teabag me. Yeah. And he finally did it. Oh And that's Nice. But I had to really beg him. I just like wanted to know. Beg. You had to beg him. That seems like a really like basic relationship task. Well he was Just telling me that it didn't feel right. you know that like Teabagging comes from Disrespectful nature. Well that's nice. Is like Yeah, that's true. Yeah. But it was really cool. Like, have you ever felt balls on your forehead? Of course I did it this morning, but sometimes I'll No, We're really like set there. Like. I was laying in my sweats and then he like came over me. Was he like, was he like legs over you? Because sometimes if I'm feeling crazy I'll like, like a, like a pillow will just put it over my head. Like a little blanket. I love balls. Me too.


So Much. Like, so much. They're so fucking cool. Like I. Wish I had balls so bad. What would you do with them? Everything. Like. I. Feel like I'd get them caught in my zipper. Me too. But just like the texture of balls is so fucking cool. What do you mean It's so, it's so interesting. What can you even compare that To this like orifice is hanging from your body and it's, they're like orbies. They're like your own or They are And I. Like I. Like when you like push 'em in it like it like shoots the other way. you know what I'm talking about? And. I. I guess we kind of, yes, I guess we kind of have that with boobs, but it's not the same. Like they're in this little sack. I think they're so cool. They are so I like really mean that I'm always trying to play with Ko. They are. And just like the fact that a penis can just like go from like little to huge. Like with just a thought.


Yeah. That's That's like magic. Yeah. Like what the fuck do you actually mean? It's so cool. It's so cool. I wish I had a Dick so bad. They're so cool. Misha. But then I sometimes Like I feel like I'd sit on it. I don't think I would have a good time with that. Honestly. Why am I so offended? Sit on it. I got tagged. I got tagged like a thousand times in this, in this TikTok of this girl saying that she was born with an 18 inch labia. And I'm like of You're like the the labia community. I'm the labia community apparently. But I can't even imagine that. That's kind of fun too though. It's like, oh I'm cold and you have a little blanket like That's sick. It's sick as Fuck. I just think like just comfort, comfortability.


Like I. Feel like that's like a medical Like. I feel like insurance would cover that. That's Probably true. I don't know. Do you know what I just found out? I've been shooting this show with Trisha, which I keep meaning to promote on the Cancelled podcast. Trisha? Yeah. Plug is This Trisha And. I have a show coming out called Not Love Line And. I have not talked about it at all. And I'm really excited. I am so excited. We were just trying to find something obviously that was very different than Cancelled and just Trish. 'cause that was like everyone's biggest fear taking the fucking, it was My, it was my biggest fear. I was like, oh no, I'm almost outta a job. No, taking the topics from those shows would be, so we're doing an advice show where people call in that's like Loveline from the nineties and this girl called in and she was like, Hey, like what can I eat to make my puss taste and smell better?


Not Dr. Pepper. Yeah. Okay. So I didn't know that. I knew with guys that it's like, oh pineapple. Right? I didn't know with girls that was a thing. Like sweet fruits make your puss taste different. Yeah, well it's really just like what you consume. I'm pretty sure like if you have enough coffee you can make it like that happen. I definitely have enough Coffee that's really like amazing. But I think, I don't know, I'm not a medical professional but like yeah I mean people have like sweet, like a lot of fruit and stuff. Like I just didn't know that that worked with the puss too. Like I knew that that happened for men. But I'm like thinking about weeks where I like, oh wait, you didn't Know. What do you mean? Or it happened with women. They, they encourage girls to do it all the time. Like they'll tell girls to eat like a much bunch of pineapple or like if I feel like that was a thing in my high school, it's like if you knew you were gonna hook up with a guy, you would literally consume like seven pineapples a day for like a week.


I knew that there's certain things that like can stop your period and help you. But I did not know that it could cha Like. I'm thinking about weeks where my hyper fixation food was like corn dogs. Like did I have corn dog ssy? Probably Like What The hell? You probably had corn dog ssy. And that's what we were just talking about before we started this. People were telling me that you can't have Dr. Pepper. 'cause apparently it makes your Yeah We have two Dr. Peppers on the way. The way on the way. Plug your nose, MAA and Miles. But no, I'm so sorry. I have fact checked that one. Like I'm not kidding because that wa I wasn't gonna let go down that way. You didn't want no doctor pussy? No I didn't. No. Why did I say no, please, Please stop.


No, I think it's a myth. Like to some extent I'm sure it's true. Like if all you eat is like fucking like Indian fry bread all day long or like, you know what I mean? Like deep fried Oreos. Like things that are like really, really like greasy and horrible Maybe. Which is all I wanted to say was Oreo. See and Like I just need, Please know Ory. Like damn. That's just, I'm really now thinking about some weeks where I know I've had like fried pic, you know like that. It's Just, you probably have some acidic goy. Ma. Please don't ask. I Like I know. I like, there's Some things I would just rather not know. That's so true. I don't think he'd tell me anyways. Like I would hope that. Well I don't know because I don't think I would ever recover if someone told me that. Yeah.


Like that's a crazy thing I've heard about other people. Like that's my least favorite thing about guys or like guy friends is when they like talk about shit like that. Yeah. If you're saying this about this girl then you guys would say this about me if I were not in the room. Yeah. And it's just like, yeah, I Agree with that. Like it just gives me the egg. Should we get our doctor pussies? Mm. Oh my God. I don't care if my pussy tastes like Clorox bleach after this. You might have to bleach it. Mm. Okay, next. Next topic. Something that's been weighing heavy on me. Catherine Pies. PEs Pies. Posted her new boyfriend Ex McBroom.


She was Catherine McBroom. Yes, Catherine. That's why. That's why I'm trying to, I'm trying to bring her old name back. Yeah, that's McBroom guy. But did you see Austen's like making videos? Trying to say like, Catherine cheated. He's so delusional. And I. Just wanna go on record right now. And I know I involved myself and wedged myself into all the drama. And I really shouldn't. But let me just say quickly. I have personally with my own two eyes seen Austen McBroom cheat on Kathryn dozens of times. Same. Maybe I'm lying when I'm saying same, but like I'm pretty sure it's kind of like the me meeting the how is he pulling that guy? Like I Think I'm sure. I just like, but it's so crazy for like her to finally be happy and him just to like come outta the woodworks and be like, she's cheated And it's just Like I actually didn't see the video but I just saw like text about it.


It's so crazy how some people just don't live with any embarrassment. Like how does he not feel like when he like stops making the video and like the phone goes Do do and he is like sitting there alone in the room. How do you not feel Like I. Think it might be like what we were saying with Jake where he's like, it's intentional trolling. Like he knows it's ob obnoxious and he's doing it anyway. Yeah. But I feel like even Jake Paul would make fun of Austin Roone. Well I know that to be true, but I think that there's levels to this shit. Yeah, I guess that's true. Yeah. I'm so happy. She's happy. The new guy looks great. Like that's just awesome. I know. I feel like she's got like a maco on her hands. Like a, like a just a manly like outdoorsy. Mm man. I'm pretty sure he is an artist.


Yeah. Like that's so hot. And like she just deserves that so much. I'm so Like I posted it on my own story. Like I know these people. Like I am It's, it's awesome to see. I don't even wanna talk about it 'cause I almost Like I don't, and maybe I'm making this up, but somewhere down the line of me talking so much about Austin McBroom and how I thought he was awful. I feel like she almost started to feel like Tana stopped talking about me. Right. Like, oh Sorry I brought it up. No, but I happy be making making that up for you Catherine. I might be making that up. Maybe she didn't care at all, but God, I'm doing that a lot today. I just don't have my head screw on straight. Just saying things. Yeah. Like I. Don't know what the fuck I'm saying. I'm so fucking tired. But I, that's okay. This week has just been crazy.


Brooke. Like what have you been doing? I shot the Jeff's Barbershop dry shampoo campaign. Shot an episode of Jeff fm. I shot the cover of Paper Magazine with all these characters. Like it was so fun. Wait, I didn't even, why would you not tell me that you were doing that? It like got sprung on me so fast and then I just went and did it. And you know, me too. Like I. Never believe anything until I'm there. I'm like, I'm sure it's Paper Magazine. And then I show up and it's like downtown and it's like paper, but it's like P-A-Y-P-E-R Like I don't like, that's like, Oh my God. Yeah. And that was fun. It was with my cover was with Heidi Montag and Carter B. It's so weird too. 'cause I was just saying how I wanna pull a Heidi Montag like go get 26 plastic surgeries. I'm obsessed with her.


I love her so much. And Spencer. Yeah. And then the next day she was there. It's funny, she told me I'd never met her before and I've always wanted to meet her. I was gagged. She told me that my old manager hit her up and presented her with an offer during the boxing era for me to box her. But in the contract put that she had to lose And. I was Like I. I don't know what you're saying. Like this is a surprise because I remember when that was in negotiations. Do you, I was standing in your closet at Weed Lake and you We, we Like I was gagged. 'cause I'm like, oh my God, you're gonna fight Heidi Montag like, this is huge. God, I don't remember my own life. Like when she told me that, I was like news to me. I knew that the Queen of Melrose was there.


Who's the queen of Melrose? So my father got a job at the Palms Restaurant. Sounds Like I would love her. But I'm, I gotta be careful with this. I don't know. I don't know that person Wait thing because like, who am I obsessed And Paige And, I love the queen of Melrose. And we almost had a whole moment, like we went up to say like, we love you. And she like low key dissed us. Like just walked away. And then it was so awkward. It was so embarrassing. It was like me and Paige and Carter B and we were, it was just like, we were dying laughing. We were like, oh my God. And Paige And I was like, this is the perfect story for cancel. Like just how funny. Like all day we're working up the courage to meet her. We were literally Like I love you so much. Like you're like our Kim Kardashian. She just looked at us, stood there staring and was just like, and then walked away.


But then like 30 minutes later she came back and she was like, be in my music video, sit on my lap. Like all this shit. And it like, it like worked itself out. Maybe She was just like Confused. Yeah, literally. That's, I think Paige And I running up to you and being like, ah, is like scary. Hilarious. Like I. Think we scared the Queen of Mar's H But then it all worked out. It was cute. But I love Carter b. We should try to have him on cancer. I actually think he would come on cancer. I love him so much. Like shooting. There were so many other people there. And it was like Lisa Rena and like all these other Like I. Love I How did you not lead with Lisa? I know it's kind of, there were so many people I'm like trying to remember. But it was a set of all these covers and mine just happened to be with Carter and they wanted Carter to be like chugging a bottle. I don't know if I can actually say all of this.


They, they have me vaping. I'm in a gown hitting this vape on the cover of a magazine. And I just thought it was so cool. 'cause like That is fabulous. Normally I'm not allowed to hit my vape, but it was fun to do with Carter. I don't know. And then, well I'm so Tricia And I have shot four episodes of Loveline. I've been back and forth at my house. I just haven't slept. I'm like losing my mind. That'll be convenient When you live a little closer to her. I know. That is nice. I'm excited about that. What the fuck was I just gonna tell you? Oh, the queen of Melrose reminded me of this story that I've been being to tell and Cancelled. So the other night my friend texted me and she was like, Tana, you'll never believe who's at Barney's Beery right now. Right? And. I'm like, Jake Weber, Like I, you know, just Like I. Who's at Barney's Beery? I don't know.


Like, and she was like, Louis Capaldi is at Barney's Beery right now. And you know, I love Louis Capaldi so much. Have I ever told this story on the Cancelled podcast? I don't think so. How? I scared the shit out of Louis Capaldi. So anyways, this friend of mine, she's a little really crazy. So then she sends back a video of her like selfie style with Louis. And like, he looks a little scared. When I met Louis Capaldi, I scared the shit out of him. Like Zed was having this party in Vegas and we were all at this after party and there's like 30 people and it's very much like Like I. Literally think like Selena Gomez was there. Like there wasn't a lot of people. And it was all very like important people. So me even being there, I was like on my best behavior, you know, And I, sneak over to Zed and I'm like, Hey, Like I know Louis Capaldi's here.


Like if you get a minute, like, can I just like walk over there like with you? Like whatever. Like if you are, and he's like, of course. Like I'll introduce you. He's the best whatever. And so Z walks me over to Louis Capaldi. I'm so excited. I'm freaking the fuck out. And I. Look at Louis. And for some reason this is the only thing I can come outta my mouth, but I'm like crazy eyes And I just like, look at him and I'm Like I love your work. I, I see nothing wrong with what you said. He said nothing back to me. Looked at me with the most horrified eyes of my entire life. And then imagine me saying that dead silence. And. I just like had To walk away. Honestly, I don't think you should regret that at all. That was a, honestly, it was just honesty. But imagine Being Louis Capaldi in like Tana Mojo's in your face.


Like, you know, like it's just What, what about you being Tana Mongeau. Like, you know what I mean? I'm scary. If you love his work, you love his work and he should have been appreciative. But I do love your work. Louis Capaldi. Yeah. So then now I was just imagining my friend at Barney's Beery scaring the fuck out of him. Like it's just, What was he doing at Barney's Beaner? It's funny, the characters that old remember And Taylor Swift was just there. I was just gonna say that. Like, what was Taylor Swift doing at Barney's Beery? Yeah. I like hate sounding. It sounds so la and like hipster. But I just like hate that the second places get found out by like the really young, like TikTok crowd it, But it's destroys it. It's the same thing as Saddle Ranch. Like Sand Saddle Ranch is like, they go to Saddle Ranch and Sex in the City like 20 years ago.


you know what I mean? Like, no way. Yeah. And she, they go of all places in Los Angeles and we're at the Saddle Ranch Chophouse. I do remember that actually. Oh that is kind of crazy. I guess it all does go in inside It like Yeah, it just, it goes in and out. But if it's like, like that's a place that's just gonna be there forever, Barney. That's true. It doesn't matter who's buying the drinks. Yeah, That's true.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on one Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody in the elevator says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover. Today's actually Friday. So yes. Happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico fields. Just like that. Get more with Geico.


For all of your residential and commercial heating needs this year, call the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf one 800. Go crop or visit crop metcalf.com. Crop Metcalf is the one with five Star crop Metcalf home of the five star technician.


I mean first things first. Do I give away this couch? Yes. To me, I have this whole elaborate plan. But it's one of those things where like Tana has an idea and then Tana doesn't think it out at all. And Then it, well it's just, you know, it's actually really hard to ship a couch. I, Paige said it was like a couple thousand dollars if it's within the us. Like I'm not, I'm so sorry. The fans outside of the us Wait, So you're gonna pay someone to take your couch? No, Like. I would pay the movers to ship it to whoever wins the giveaway. Like I. Don't you think that's so fun? Like our patrons on Patreon, I'm like, yeah, one lucky Patreon gets the Cancelled couch.


I haven't thought about any of the fucking logistics literally at all. Like how do I give away a couch? Can you guys let me know in the comments below, if I were to do a couch giveaway, how should I do it? Like should it be a contest? Maybe pick up only. Maybe Los Angeles locals Pickup only is kind of smart. Well, 'cause like how do you transport a couch? It just wanna keep It, I'm also missing a piece. I lost a piece of this couch. Not kidding you guys. A second ago we were literally like, wait, where's the rest of the couch? And it's like, how does the couch go missing? It's like losing your arm. You know, I just found out I have a whole storage unit of like couches from like five houses ago. Yes. And, I. Need to know where that deep gray one is that one that was in your room at Aliman?


Yeah. Like how do I keep losing couches? Well I Think you just put 'em in a storage unit and you never think about them again. Yeah, but Where is the other piece of this couch? And. I really can't find that. I dunno. But I wanna give away this couch. But do you think it should be a contest? Like best interpretive dance wins the couch? Like, like should it be Fun you wanted them to publicly humiliate? No, no, no. Mind you, this is coming from the girl who was just willingly on Paige's TikTok with the harmonica and top shoes. you know, like, oh, and You're such a good tapper. I really would like to tap together. We should tap together. It's so fun. I really do like that. Maybe we should have them do good for Thanksgiving. And the person who does the most good gets the couch.


No. Yeah. Tap dancing. It is, No, it's just like funny. It's, it's just Like. I. Don't know why. That's funny to me. Like I feel Like. I was thinking about like the ways that like our fans would do good would just be funny. Like, our fans are just funny. Yeah. I don't know. I wanna give away this couch, but I like literally Don't have, I think a good idea. I think we just have to iron out the details. Yeah. So it's like, just like, but comment Down below if you have any good ideas. Yeah. And I think it should be as is. Like we really should like stuff a little something in there for the people. Like. I want like a backwood in the back of this one. Yeah. And like, you know, I get like it's just, it feels intimate. I feel like this couch is us. Tricia was saying that today, Tricia. 'cause essentially the reason why I want to is 'cause I'm moving And.


I wanna build us a set in my new house and I'm really excited to have a set. But Tricia was like, no, like that couch is you guys. So then a part of me is like, fuck. Like, you know. Yeah. I get it. But you, you also have another one. You have two of them? Yeah. I literally have another one. So I don't know why I'm being drama. When we, when you lived at aor, were these all together? No. I bought a second one when I moved into Wyndham because the living room was so big that I just wanted like Extendo couch. What house was that? The last one. Like Maryanne? Yeah. Hmm. I don't know why. I'll always like reference that. Oh. But yeah, having a set to not us.


I think having a set would be fun. No, we need a set again. Come on. We gotta step this game up. Yeah. I. Agree. I think we need a set. I have really cute ideas. That's gonna be fun. you know what I want to talk about? I don't. But I would like to, This photograph. I Love favorite picture ever. This is lately just, I Have so many variations of that photo too. I think you might only have one. Did you take this photo? I took that photo. Okay. So this is, would you like to to See the rest? Yes, I would. This photo's been really helpful to me lately because I think that whenever I wanna drink again, I just remember that this photo of me exists, right? Like no matter what, like if you wanna drink again, this photo of you exists, right? Like that is just, I'm about to have so much fun.


And essentially I really wanna, I wanna unpack the lore of the photo. 'cause I posted a TikTok about it. And. I was just Like. I. Feel like there's a lot. Yeah, we need a breakdown. There's a lot of moving parts in this photo series. Do you have the photos of me in the Jacque? Of course I do dress with the pepper ears. Yes, of course. I have all of it. I'm just, there were so many days of this trip. I'm like, Jesus. Or have we talked about this on the Cancelled podcast? Brooke? No. Take a screenshot of that. Like. I. Want to insert that into the, This one's a good one. We, we sleep on this one. Let me see. Let Me see. Wait, I'm just making sure there's no Oh, your butt naked too.


There's happy ones. So that's the thing about this photo is Like I, Like I. Wish they were live. I would do anything for a live photo. But don't worry, I have videos as well. And by the way, this was like, not to blackmail my friend. This was like all in good. Fuck Brooke. No, like if you didn't, this is My favorite. Like, we can't even insert this. 'cause it's like why would, why Were we even letting you in water? No, because here's what I want to, I want to say about this. Brooke. Brooke. Brooke. Am I naked? I can't look. It's real. I can't.


Why am I naked? We don't Know either of you, dude. Well, can I tell you something? You could not like, we could Not get you to put your clothes. Oh that was like, great Brooke. Okay. Can I just tell you, I may Put these in a hidden folder. I didn't even realize these are just floating around my camera roll. Yeah, It's a little Crazy. These are also some personal favorites. So have we unpacked these photos on Cancelled? 'cause I don't wanna be redundant. No, I Think we did it on tour. We did like a Turks and Caicos section. So essentially you guys might have known the story, but here's what I wanna say. So everyone, obviously you remember seeing me like this, right? But I've never, and like everyone remembers seeing me like this and they all have different angles and variations in photos.


But we've never talked about what I Remember. Give It to me. I need to know. I need to see this night through your Eyes. So obviously this whole plan was just so stupid. Like we spent the day at Noah's Ark, which is this bar in the middle of the ocean. You have to take a jet ski or a boat to get there in Turks and Caicos. And it is famously known for the blackout. Like you drive out to the middle of the ocean on this bar that somehow floats. It's really dangerous if you think about it. It really is. 'cause then it's like everyone, people just jet ski back. It's crazy. And it's like just this floating bar and you get shit faced. Like the whole, it's people with whistles, like very cabo energy. Like it's, you know, like they're trying to get you fucked up. Amari threw up all over.


Every people are Upside down. Yeah. Like it's just, it's this whole thing. And then I decided, I was like, my birthday dinner should be after we come back from that, which is just insane. Okay. Like it's go, you need bedtime after that. Right? Not to like continue the night. And so we all go to this birthday dinner on the beach. And that was obviously the birthday dinner where I thought my chair was broken. And I kept tipping and seeing the moon. And then I moved chairs. I realized it was me, whatever. But so Justine, my stylist had styled me in this dress by Jacque Moose. Jacque Mu, I don't, I don't know bbs in Paris. Not me. Jacque Mu. And I look cute there.


No, These are honestly, I love these. You're so happy. I really was. But so listen to me. So I'm in this dress, And I. Don't know the exact rarity of it, but all I know is that Kylie Jenner had just worn it. I'm pretty sure it was not for sale. Like. I. Don't think there was a lot of this dress. It was really like, like even when she brought it over and was Like I pulled this for you. Like we were like screaming and jumping up and down. Like it's insane that the pull ended up happening, right? And so I bring it And, I'm like, I'm gonna wear this on my birthday. I'm gonna take the most con photos. Kylie just wore it. Like, this is so, so good. Right? And then obviously we know that the only photos I got in it were me thinking that the paparazzi was there with Peppa ears on whatever.


But then, and I'm wearing my watch and you can't take watches underwater unless they're like Submariner watches. Like so like it's a very nice watch. It's a very expensive watch. And. I. Just remember running from the beach and all of you knew that I was about to, To jump in this pool. You know what I mean? And filling the watch with water like that was a $20,000 mistake of mine. Like, it's just like that's, I'll have to live with that forever. Right? And I will never Forget All of you are walking from the beach and it's like, I'm running and everyone's behind me being like, Tana, don't do it. Like I know you're gonna jump in the pool. Everyone. I remember Isabella is like, no, don't.


You're like, Tiana's Isabella. She's like, absolutely not. Yeah. Like in this dress, whatever. And then just the only flesh I have is being midair over the pool and all going, no. Oh, I think I have it on video. That's why I'm naked. I think because like Isabella and everyone was like, take it off. Like you can't, you can't be wearing this Drip. I have the whole process. Who's taking it off? Me? It appears that Natalie's taking it off you, your arms, you're just, Yeah.


And then I woke up the next day and my entire otmar pi watch, the face of it was filled with water. But This is like, these are some of my favorite memories. Like. I'm gonna charge you these images forever. I know. That's the thing is it's Like I love being sober. But like, I'm happy that happened. I think This is just so good. Like the whole process of it all. You should like do Letters and then the ne I have the next morning, like your hair is on E like every crevice of the patio, like it's everywhere. Send that photo and we have to edit that in. That's insane. But there was something lethal in that pool. Okay. It was turning everyone's jewelry like, oh, it Also, it also had just been shocked. So we're like swimming your hair could have melted off My hair did melt off him.


Okay. What a trip that was. God, I And. I just like really? Like Really? Like I know for a fact. Brooke, you do not have a photo of you this bad like this. Like it's one of those things where, but because I, and it's not Like. I don't wanna call it a blessing, it's the wrong word. But Like I cannot do that because I throw up after like four shots. Yeah, it's so I'll throw up in past. I think it's antidepressants. I'm so serious. I like, so I would, I don't think I would've ever stopped drinking if that like if it, if my body cut me off, you know? Yeah. It's, well it's kind of scary 'cause then Yeah, it is like you're like drunk driving your body. And. I can't do that. I, it's like literally it sedates me. Yeah, that's so Like. I immediately all of a sudden I just go Like I become my felt.


But I get so sick. That's like the reason I haven't been drinking as much recently. Obviously Like I don't even want to go sober, but it's Like I can't drink without getting so Sick. I was about say, but I'm getting so much hate for my, No, you know what I'm in trouble for. Mm. And honestly, so valid. Why was I blinking so hard in the last episode? I was literally Like this. I was really thinking about like why I do that. Because now I'm like hyper aware of it. And. I. Do it a lot off camera. Like if someone's telling me a long story to Show you're listening. Yeah. And I. Think it comes from my childhood. Like I. Think just like not being Like I always want people to know that they're heard Sleigh.


Yeah. I don't know. And I just like, no I Agree with that. I don't think that's weird. I think that sometimes it's just Like. I was try, I was filming with Tricia today. And I became like so hyper aware of my, that I was then like, And I'm Like I have all these ticks. I have like a mouth fixation on like doing this. It's just so crazy that like, okay, I'm licking my lips. It's Like I. It is like a, it's a medication thing. But I think that might be the blinking too. But just know that like, it's better this than what would be happening if I weren't on it. So let's just, let me blink my fucking day away. Right? Let me fly away with these lashes. And, I just do have to recognize that like the A DHD way that like we talk interrupting each other every second is not for everyone.


And when you hit that like new market, like our fans are more like okay with that and aware of that, you know? But like, Yeah, I mean they still don't like it. Nobody likes it. But sometimes I'm like, what? When is she gonna finish? I don't know if you're ever gonna finish. That's The thing. Like just, and then I'll forget my thought. Oh see, sorry. I, I don't know. I couldn't agree more. I ju I just get so scary. Like it, it's so scary getting in the hyperaware waters. 'cause like Like I said, today I was filming with Tricia And. I became so fucking weird 'cause I couldn't stop moving. I've, I've lived my past two years of my life that way.


For all Of your residential and commercial heating needs this year. Call the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf one 800 Go crop or visit crop metcalf.com. Crop Metcalf is the one with five star Crop Metcalf home of the five star technician.


I'm having dexterity issues. Are You? Yeah. Like major today I will, I don't know if this isn't a dexterity thing, but I'm having a hard time keeping things in my mouth. Yeah. Like when I'm chewing things will just fall out and I'm spilling things all over myself and like my, my hands just don't work how they used to. Does that make sense? Like, like even typing. I'm Like. I feel Like. I can't type as fast. Like my brain is working faster but Like I physically can't do it. It's almost Like. I'm drunk. That's scary. That's kind of crazy. Yeah. I was like worried for a second that maybe I had like some sort of like Ms or something, but I think I'm just stupid. It's so weird as we age and shit, like how our bodies change. Like lately I've been having to crack my hips every two minutes. And. I'm like, okay, grand. Like what do you mean My hips are out of fla.


I'm 26. It's so Also does bad baby have cancer? Yeah. And is it from vaping? Probably. I don't know. I can't confirm or deny that. She's so sad. I wanna talk about Peggy. Peggy, I thought you're gonna say Peggy, This made me sob today. And. I Just need you to see it. 'cause we're talking about growing old and like this literally just like makes like Lights my soul on fire. Click the one that's like very clearly. Peggy in the middle. Do you know Peggy? I'm just not emotionally stable enough for shit like this.


It's just I know now. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy. I know you're watching. Dear Peggy, She's a hundred and she's at the game still and they, the whole stadium seeing her happy birthday. Isn't it so crazy that like when you see older people you just think like that's an older person like that She's still just a girl. Yeah. Makes me really sad. It's like obviously growing old is like such a privilege and it's so beautiful, but it just like, oh it just like is so sad to me. Do you know that I posted a YouTube video filmed and posted to YouTube when I was like 19 years old where I imagine right now I like invited my friends over.


I invited you over And. I said we're gonna film a YouTube video. Right. And obviously I told them everyone the concept before, but then we all just sat there and the camera was on us and we watched Len of the plug in Adam 22 have live sex in front of us and reacted And. I posted it to the internet and it was monetized and no one said anything. Times have really changed. Like, what do you mean? But why? Like, where'd you get that concept? I think that I was just like, even just with my titles with everything Like I was like, what has no one ever done in my realm? How shocking can I go? Like how insane can I read? Can you got a brain like that? That is so impressive to me. Like But that's in like But like I mean. Yeah, that that's fucking wild. That's Like, that's PornHub.


Like what do you mean like that that I can't believe that was on YouTube. Like, and they're the all the noises and like we watched them like it was me, Yan, Maya, Ashley, Isabella, I think maybe Amari. And we all just sat there fully clothed like it was Like. I. Just think like there's something like a little strange about like lowkey getting horny with your friends, But I like no one was horny. No someone, well I think I probably Was, let's think, statistically speaking, there's eight people in that room. At least six were horny. I guess that's true. Like you just, I could, that you could watch like fucking like two. But it Wasn't horny. It was like we were like at the box. Like we, it was like we just like were watching a like crazy shop. But it was a really small room at the same time.


Like it was like the size of that room over there. Like a really small room. Like they were like, like as probably as far from me as you are and like just a camera on me. And I posted that to YouTube. I said I watched Lena and Adam have sex publish. Wait, And I was monetized. Were you watching them on video, Brooke? No. What? Brooke? No. Like. I Am here. Camera here. Wait, this whole Time I thought you were talking about like reacting to a a video. No, we went to their house. No, and like she's in doggy this far from me getting pounded. And I posted that to, I filmed that.


I edited that. And I uploaded that. Oh yeah. And it was monetized. That's what, that's not the takeaway by the way. The monetization like Hold on. I'm just, I guess I'm just puzzled. It's 'cause that the, the approval po like you know what I mean? Like a lot of people had to agree to that for it to have taken place. And it's like, Not really though. Like at that time I was just zone H like they did the friends. Did you, did you like you did the thing that you were talking about like the Austin McBroom, you literally sat with it pressed upload. I know. I wish it was still a Do you think it exists somewhere? you know, they say the internet is forever.


I honestly And I honestly do. Should I try to find it? It's, and it's so crazy the way my brain marks Like I was literally about to fall asleep last night and just all, for some reason that just popped in my brain for no reason. Okay, I have a question for you, but like, Let me see if I can find it. Yes. I want, what's your question? Well show me first because it's Off. Oh my god. This is someone reacting to it. Hi listen, that's me in the video. Hello? I'm tipsy right now. Well how about that? So am I. Top Comment is the internet is a special place. Yeah. Someone said, I thought she was gonna watch their tape not sit in the splash zone while they played pelvic patty cake.


IRL. This website is a circus. But the best thing about the internet is people's comments. Like that's an, and then the next one is that I worry that Tana's eyes, nose, and mouth are slowly migrating away from her face. So yay. People on the internet are so funny. you know, today the auto zone was on fire on fucking Highland. Literally did you see it? It was the craziest thing I've ever seen in la Like it was act, it was a completely engulfed in flames, the whole auto zone. Okay. And I'm on citizen like watching the town burn to the ground and all the comments are like, fuck, I just ordered fatals Because you know, citizen app is so funny.


Do you know that you can go live personally on the Citizen app by the way? Like you can go live and then people can come in. And I used to do that all the time with like Josie and Ari and shit. Like it's insane. Well I was watching everybody go live, but I need you to, I wish I could show you the videos of it. It was so crazy. Like I. Can't believe you didn't see it. Have you been speaking of just things around LA that are just funny and insane? Have you been seeing the ozempic cyber trucks? What People are raping? That's not even okay. All around Los Angeles people are wrapping cyber trucks in like, oh I did because someone was Like, imagine explaining this to a Victorian Ozempic.


I'm Like I haven't seen it, but where is it? Or is it not? But I can't, I hate cyber trucks so much. And it sucks because in theory they're so cool. They're so fucking ugly. I just think they're just like, it looks like they're gonna get hit by something. They're so big and so sharp. I love how they look. But the, I Wanna see a crashed cyber truck. Yeah, you're So right. Like what does it look like when it crashes? Yeah, it's so true. I just think that the cyber truck community is what makes you mad. And why did everybody like just leave it silver? Why did everybody universally decide that? Why it's Car? 'cause ugly it gets so dirty. It's like, it's like, you know when you have like a copper tabletop or something and then it just, every single watermark leaves a permanent stain.


That's how it is. It just looks disgusting. So they have to wrap it. I saw it Doesn the other day.


Have to be green day for All of your residential and commercial heating needs this year. Call the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf. One 800 Go crop or visit crop metcalf.com. Crop Metcalf is the one with five star Crop Metcalf home of the five star technician.


How do you masturbate when you live with your boyfriend? I already told you On the toilet, but like, is that the only way I tried it by way? No. Or like when he is there, like, but like why do you need to masturbate if your boyfriend's there? Okay, can you hear me out? Here's the thing, right? Like we're together all the time and obviously sex is like a whole thing. Yeah. you know, And sometimes you just wanna get your nut out and keep it pushing. See, I wanna get behind you. But sometimes it's, you put me in these positions. I know I'm And, I'm sorry I am. But like, obviously some it is just Like. I don't, my back doesn't have the arch in it.


you know, Like I don't like, it's, I want this to be minute. Yeah. Sometimes One minute. It is a real task. Yeah. you Know what I mean, but then it's like, and obviously yes, you can go in the bathroom and you can go in the shower, but that's not ideal. I tried your whole toilet shtick. I don't Like I. It's You didn't try it. I, I swear to God on the Bible, I tried it. I almost texted you right after. Do you Think it's like a personal thing? Like do you think like for some reason that's just like, like how I was built? Like. I need to be upright. Yeah, because It's not specific to the toilet. By the way. Like I could be sitting on a couch or on a bed, but Like I shouldn't be laying down 'cause it's not the same. That's Yeah, that's definitely a personal thing because I feel I'm Like standing up when I get home. I've tried that. Have You? It's kind of embarrassing. It Feels like your knees are like buckling.


It seems really embarrassing. You look like Demi Lovato and Camp Rock, Like very Disney knee coated, but, and I'm already Disney knee coated, so, but I think you just say it. Yeah. So I tried your whole toilet stick and honestly all I just felt was like shame, like walking outta there. I was like, that's embarrassing. Like, you know what I mean, but then it's like, what I'm Just, just is embarrassing and Like I almost like don't want people to know that about me, but like in case I help even one person experience what I had experienced. That's fair. That no, it's fair. And I. I gave, I haven't tried it with a vibrator though. I was acoustic. Bitch. Why? You can't, like that's doesn't even count. That doesn't even count.


No. Acoustic isn't real. Acoustic is real Acoustics. So real acoustic. I've, I'm not even kidding. Like maybe one time in my 28 years of life have I successfully acoustic. Acoustic. That's, And it was only because I was really, really in a bind. I'll go for the raun quicker than I'll go acoustic. Brooke, Amber, Brooke, Amber. No, you did Not Just say That. No, I've, first of all, I've already told you that. Don't act like you don't know. They even know. But I just, the only thing is you need at least like four layers of protective. Like, there needs to be like a blanket, like a hoodie, a pant, a tony and a spot.


Like you need to have a spot. But it's like in my dream world, you know, I'd love to just What about wink it in my bed? What about parallel play? Yeah. But then that's a whole thing. Why? Because then it's like, Okay, you don't watch me. I don't watch you. You just fucking, That's weird as fuck. I don't think it's weird. We're just gonna masturbate next to each other and never bring it up. And like, never, like we'd have, I'd have to be like looking and like, like it's just more Yes, no, but then still that just feels to me like that's still one step up from just a daily wink.


A ca like a casual wink. Well Fuck you have a mansion. Like go to another room. Yeah, no, you're right. I just like, you should Be worried about people like me, Like, I. Get what you're saying. I just, yeah, Just say, hey, I've gotta wink it. Please. Can I just wink it really quick? Is that what you say? Can I please just jack off? I wouldn't say that to him. That's what you say. But that's, That's what I'm saying. Like I only say that to like you because the other like terms feel like sexy. What are your other terms? No, come on, we're done. Come on, come on.


Be weird. I I'm not busy. Leave me alone. Don't be weird. I'm done. I just, I really like, I'm see this, I'm almost Like I am asking Brooke, but I'm also just asking people out there. You live with your partner. I think this, this would be a good question for sex with Emily. You guys, I've been talking to Tana about having this sex therapist that I met on the podcast. We Really should. And like she Has. So she just like everything to her. Like nothing is off limits. Everything's so comfortable and stuff. And I'm like, I'm just not there yet. you know what I mean? Yeah. I was a late bloomer Like I didn't have sex until I was like 40. And then even then I was like really only like base model like doing like very, you know?


Yeah. I feel Like I know what the sex therapist would say, you know, like incorporate whatever. But I'm saying just, yeah, she would Say like, have an open and clear communication line with your partner. It's, I don't want to And I totally could do that, you know? But I'm just saying like, how do people who like essentially live with their partner hit the private wink. Like, and I'm just also imagining him gaming and then all of a sudden it's like Z and he just looks over and I'm like, Like, That's so weird. Like What's crazy is that was like such an accurate depiction of like, what happens. Yeah. Like it's just like, Well imagine like imagine you walk in on me in the, in the toilet and my legs are like, That's what I'm saying. Like how I just, there's gotta be something To it on the toilet all the time.


By the way, this is like a, a real like accidental discovery. No, because you had to carry your vibrator into the toilet. It was a real, like there was nowhere else to go. And the thing is that that shower at that venue had a leak. It had a leak. And so I couldn't just be in there forever because it would've filled the entire fucking place with water. So I had to separate the two. I can't believe you discovered masturbating on the toilet out of venue before we went on stage before. We've already, we should Say masturbating sitting up. It doesn't have to be on the toilet. Yeah, you're right. You're right. And that's better. I wouldn't wanna say that too, But like, if you're hanging off the edge, like you never know. you know, What else do we have?


I feel like we can't just have, That was way too long of a masturbation conversation. I Know, but I, Like I really want answers. And I don't have them yet. Like. I'm trying to figure out how to, That should have been on Patreon. How to bring on a casual wink. That's so fair. Euphoria is never coming back. Wait, how do you know the People? And maybe this is just like a TikTok lie, I keep falling for TikTok Lies. Like I thought that Me too. The other day I saw this TikTok and it was like, it said that Lana Del Ray commented on Liz's post telling her to get on the treadmill. And all the comments were like acting as if it was valid. And I scrolled down to the very bottom and there was like one person saying this was fake. And I was like, that is fucked up. Like Yeah, it's really crazy. But, But I saw on TikTok that euphoria is allegedly never coming back.


And if that is the case, And I understand why Like I think it's been too long. They all became too successful, honestly. And Like I think Angus Cloud was such Yeah, a vital part of euphoria. And Like I understand if it never came back, but then it's like, can the fucking creator sit down and tell us what the fuck happened? Tar Ru's suitcase. Like how Like I just want end of the story. Like they left us, we Need one long episode. They left us on such a cliffhanger that it's like, what do you mean? It's just never, I Don't like when a show has been, it's been so long since the show is Like. I didn't even remember what you were talking about when you just said the Suitcase. Really? But Euphoria was a little bit dark to me.


And honestly I did Like I love that. I need to be like a Karen. But Like I definitely don't think it's what our youth should be consuming. Wow. You know what I mean? It was like really It was heavy Ever. All Sam Levinson shows are very heavy. I know. I guess you could argue though, that it's like Ed good education. It well it's just artistic. Like it's a very, like, it's just, it's cool, but it's like, it's One of the more accurate depictions of mental health in today's society. I feel like that I've seen. Yeah. But like high schoolers, like Yeah. I don't know. My high school was not like that. Really. My high school was just like that. I think that's why like, like my high school experience was very similar to Euphoria. I had One friend who did drugs and she was just like crazy.


That's crazy. No, Like. I was ru to a TI am ru to a T. Yeah. No. Yeah. And like, yeah. I don't know. You are Ru Who Is that? I I'm definitely ru I think I would wanna be like Maude or what's her name in the movie or in the show. I don't remember. Lexi Is this fucking play about us. That's Cassie. No, no, no. I know, but I'm saying she wrote the play, right? Yeah. God, I love Sydnee Sweeney. Who would you want to play you in a, in a movie about yourself? 'cause that's my answer. Sydnee Sweeney For you. The Queen, queen of Mel Rose has to be accurate. Jennifer Coolidge, the Queen of Melrose.


Have you ever seen the movie Wanderlust? You ha It's easily the funniest movie I've ever seen. I just watched it for the first time. It's with Jennifer Aniston and Paul. I wanna say Paul Rudd funniest fucking movie I've ever seen. You will literally die. I watched it tonight. Honestly, it was so good. I just Finished BoJack Horseman. And I need a support group. Here's what I'm gonna go on the record and Say what's, what's BoJack horseman about? Brooke? I'm, I, I have to say right now, Dexter has always been since the dawn of time, my favorite show of all time. And I, BoJack Horseman might be my favorite show I've ever watched in my entire life. Really? Like it changed my life.


Really? Aaron's saying the same thing. It Is the most, I just don't like animated things. I know, I know, I know, I know I can. I do, but I'm, I'm genuinely saying if these were people Like I almost feel like it doesn't get the credit that it deserves because it's not people. But it is the most accurate, deep, dark depiction of mental health I've ever fucking seen. See, Yeah, I don't, I don't want that. I wanna feel happy Then. Yeah, definitely Don't fucking watch it. But it's the greatest show I've ever seen. Let me just tell you essentially. And it's also based in Hollywood, which is really cool. So like, it's all cartoon and it's like all places we've gone and stories and whatever. And BoJack Horseman is based on, some people argue he is not.


But like, I'm just gonna explain it to you as if he is on Bob Saggot. Like on like he had a show like Full House. He played the Happy Dad. He ends up like growing up and kind of becoming this like dark person and he's a raging alcoholic and he just fucks up his own life over and over again. And, but you love him and it's, oh my God, it just, it's, it's the greatest show I've ever seen. Maybe I do have to watch it, but again, I get so Like I truly like get really affected by things like I'll carry like a, a movie with me like for days at a time. Yeah. I've never felt, I finished it last night. I watched the finale And. I've never felt pain.


Like it leaves you with this. I don't think I've ever watched a show that leaves you with the same feeling that the character feels so deep inside of you. Like I genuinely felt like empty and Like I don't wanna feel empty, but it's So good. It's just so good. And it's really funny too, how many, 'cause it's still funny. It's just dark humor and a lot of the things that are funny are like fucked up and sad. Like the things that he's doing. But like so many of the scenes, like every person is a person, you know, like every per like one of the characters is literally identically Natalie Bowling. Like it's just like, it's very, 'cause it's like all these people that you know in Hollywood, princess Carolyn is Natalie Bowling to a fucking tea?


It's so funny. But like, like you, I think you would think I'm BoJack and it might make you hate me more, but it's More Hate Me More is crazy. I'm Sorry the people already think it. I'm Sorry. I hate me more. I didn't mean to project that onto you. You need to watch it. It's just, I can't even do it. I will if I ever wanna feel empty. If you ever just And I. Don't Think, I don't think any show like when, whenever people say like, Hollywood is so dark. Right? And like Hollywood is so cutthroat, people are so evil. It's so different here than anywhere else. I've never seen a show so accurately depict what people are really fucking like here. Like, and I'm almost thinking that people in other places watch this and they're like, oh this must be exaggerated.


And like it's not and like it's just nuts. And it's like a cartoon horse. Like it's crazy. If it were people, it would, He's a cartoon horse. Yeah. Guess that makes sense. BoJack Horseman. Yeah. And he lives in a house in Hollywood Hills and he has just like a crazy life and it's, it's nuts. Hmm. Maybe one day need a support group. I like to feel really happy. And I. I like to be distracted from my empty sad feelings. Don't watch it then. Yeah. You really shouldn't. I haven't had a show Make me as sad as the show has made me made ever in my entire life, honestly. But now I love it. I love shit that fucks me up. I don't know, sometimes It's nice, like a real, a good sad song but like, I dunno but seven seasons of a show that's like Really sad.


No. Too much. Yeah. Greatest show I've ever seen though. I'm trying to think of like something else you should watch now. Like what are all my favorite shows? I'm trying to think. But I've watched everything. I need to watch the Martha Stewart documentary too. Still immediately. That's might Be very next thing you need to watch.


For all of your residential and commercial heating needs this year, call the five star heating experts at Crop Metcalf. One 800 Go Crop or visit crop metcalf.com. Crop Metcalf is the one with five Stars. Crop Metcalf home of the five star technician.


Speaking of very next, can we talk about the next top model? That was such a stupid segue for what I would love to say. Ha ha. I loved it. But wait, what's going on? I didn't even know what I was gonna talk about Martha Stewart. How I keep seeing her be like such a whore on my timeline. I love her. I Love Itch. I did. Yeah. Who was she just saying? She's like, yeah, he came on my show. He's pretty good at what he does. Watch out wife. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. Like she was saying Watch Out Wife about somebody's husband and then he came to her house. I was like, Martha. And she's like 80. I just feel like you never see people. She's so shameless. You never see people be like 75 and like that. Like Really? I feel like every grandparent I've ever known has been like that. Just ruthless. Shameless. Yeah. I guess I just mean in the spotlight, like Oh yeah.


But did you grow up watching America's Next Top Model? Yes, I watched it religiously. It's one of my favorite shows of all time. I think it is fucking amazing reality television. And. I feel like a lot of shows now. Like now when we think about reality television and look back on it like a Jersey shore. Any, just any shows, you know, like that wouldn't fly today. Right? And you're like, that was, that's a little fucked up in today's standards. Right. But I remember watching America's Next Top model at the time and thinking like, this is so fucked up. Like it's like Tyra Banks just hazing these bitches. Yeah. Like making them Shave. Remember when they shaved a gap in her teeth? That's What I what I was just gonna say. Making the the bitches shaved gaps in their teeth and shave their head and they're sobbing and then she just sends 'em home.


Like imagine you shave your head bald in a gap in your teeth in Tyra Banks is like, you suck at this shit That it's like literally every time I've ever dated a man, I like completely adapt my personality and then get kicked to the curb. And then you're just standing there toothless. I'm just sitting there on my fucking horse. Like what? What now? Exactly. And she would just always do that. Like there was an episode, remember where she made girls like cosplay different races. Yes. And shoot as that like the craziest shit. And just like would like one girl couldn't read like had dyslexia makes her read in front of everyone. Then like tells her she's a horrible model and boots her off the show. Like just genuine hazing and like, if you really think about it as well, it's very sad the amount of these girls' dreams that were crushed when in reality they're all beautiful.


Yeah. I remember Seeing one girl, like they, she was like, sorry you're a fatty. And she's like a size four. Yeah. Like just like, and these are just like five, there are hundreds of examples. The show went on for so long. Like, you know what I mean and it's finally now on Vice. There is a documentary exposing the horrors of America's Next Top Model. And I. Haven't watched it yet, but I'm like It's new. Yeah. Oh, I've gotta watch What's Vice? Is that like online? I know what it is, but like where do you get that? Like you have to be on the internet. I Don't know actually. But I don't care. I I'm locked in. I have to watch it. you know, Tyra Banks is one of the only, I always say this is the one of the only celebrities I've ever had like a bad experience with Personally. Yeah. Beauty Con. I've never, I can never forget that story.


Thank you. That's so sweet. You're welcome. I don't hate you. I don't think you hate me. I didn't. I really am not kidding. Like I love you more than ever. And I know you love me. That is so nice. My love for you is growing every day. I'm really excited for your birthday too. I've been doing, I'm excited too. But you made me a little nervous. That text you sent me. I've been the birthday fairy. Like I've just been doing digging, trying to find things out. Nothing crazy. It's just like really fun. I've been having a lot of fun with your birthday all month. Okay. That makes me happy. Do you use chat GPT? No, but I wanna start because everybody's like so good at it. If I had that in college, I would be a nurse right now. Yeah. By the way, I would've passed. I've been using it so much lately because I've been crying like every day.


I don't want to go into the whole house lore of it all. It is such a champagne problem. It's such a blessing. But this is exactly why I like, was so scared to do it because it is intaking so much information about things that I just do not understand. Yeah. And then you don't wanna lock yourself into something that you like weren't, weren't completely aware of. 'cause it was just too much at once. And I'm coming to the conclusion that like that's what's going to happen no matter how much research I do, there are so many things that I just won't and can't and don't understand. And it's not like these are easy things like it's Like I think It's hard too. Not having somebody who can advise you like on a personal level.


Like everybody who's advising you right now is like your business manager, the real estate agent. Like all people who like, you know what I mean, like it needs to be like a parent or something. And I'm so grateful to God for my real estate agent, Sasha, she's actually a great friend of mine. And I was friends with her sister. I've known her forever and she, her And I are way more similar in age. So she has been really helping me with like explanations. So obviously all, and I've always had this problem like even just with my lawyers, like whenever I'm in a lawsuit and they're trying to explain the law to me, like the way that people, two generations above us explain to our brain rot generation, like even if I am on the full dose of my medicine, my attention span cannot handle these like insane wraparound explanations with eight analogies about things.


Like, I need just direct answers like And, I feel Like. I've been in all these meetings where I'm asking like the most simple question and it's like, it's like what is escrow? And then it's like a 30 minute explanation with 90 analogies and then I still don't know. Right? Yeah. And I was at a football game, was Mario s Sellman recently and Mario summon, he didn't understand the football game and so he asked Chad GPT, can you explain football to me in short gay terms? Right. And then Chad GPT writes back and is like essentially giving this whole analogy about how football is like an episode of RuPaul's Drag Race. And like why And I was reading it.


And I was like, oh my god, Like I literally completely understand football now this is amazing the amount of times I've had someone try to explain this to me, like it doesn't make sense. It's scary because it's like, that's amazing, but also like, oh no, But it's, listen to this Like I can't read the one. Wait, can you, can you explain Es like, okay, I said can you explain to me in short gay terms the negative downsides of buying a home when the previous seller has a lien on the property? Right. And mind you, I was on an hour call with five people trying to explain this to me for an hour. I hung up, I cried. I asked Chad GBT this, and they go, buying a house with a lien is like inheriting someone else's messy ex AKA, you're stuck with their baggage until the lien is cleared.


You can't fully own the house. And honey, that's a whole drama. It's giving red flag vibes for your finances. So check the receipts first. Like I Am I've learned so much. That is Amazing. It's ins like there was, there's another one I'm trying to find like can you, I was saying like, can you explain to me in short gay terms the negative downsides of like having other people be a trustee on your property with you and like, what the fuck does that mean? Right. Same thing. Our call five people trying to explain it to me. Chad g PT is like the downside. If your blind trustee isn't serving trustworthy vibes, they can mess up your whole fantasy mismanaged funds or make bad calls. Plus you lose some control. So if they fumble, it's your coin on the line, choose wisely diva.


And then I just call back and I'm like, okay, now I completely understand. Like it's, That's so funny and so amazing. Almost like how is there not a real human being on the other line of that? Isn't that so insane? Like I've been using it to explain, even just the other day, like bees, I was like, why do people say save the bees? And then they explained it all to me in short gay terms. And now I'm like, no, save the bees. I don't think I'm even supposed to be alive at this time. Like, it doesn't make any sense because I'm still trying to understand how a fucking camera takes a picture. Wait for it. Can you explain in short gay terms how a camera takes a picture? Light hits the lens, slays through to the sensor and leaves its impression. Like a flawless red carpet photo.


The shutters, the gatekeeper deciding how much light gets in snap. It captures the moment giving you a pixel perfect memory to surf. Like, like yes, but like you cannot, like there's, I don't think there's anything in the world that can make, like people are watching us right now as it really happened in like, you know what I Mean, like because of these things. But how, and the fact that the, these were invented like before a suitcase had wheels on it. Like you're lying. A suitcase had wheels on it like 30 years ago. Like before that they were just carrying them around. That's why in all the videos they're just carrying like the trunks. Like our Cancelled Like my grandpa was telling me about how he would like run through the airport and he didn't have wheels on his suitcase.


And now I'm pissed that I didn't think of that and like, not that I could was alive, but it Is crazy. It was like nothing left to invent, you know, that I found There are, you'll hear about it tomorrow and you'll be like, why the fuck was that? Not me. I know that's my parents. That was their whole shtick. They were always trying to think of a new invention to like get us out of poverty. And I was like, mom, just get a job. My mom Thinks she's done it like twice a day. Yeah, It's that. What what is that? I don't know. Drug. Do you know chat. GPT apparently uses water like the machines and so then that could be like a serious problem for our future. Like how much water chat GPT uses. Well why do they need water?


But Like I also don't that, that makes me sound really stupid. But it's like, isn't there always more water? Like why can't we find water? And now I wanna ask Ccpt, And, I get it. Like we're like, sometimes we're in a drought, but it's like why can't we get it? Doesn't water come from the ground? Can't we just get more? But like, it's like at the rate of consumption. Oh, so we're consuming it faster than I think that's what it's, yeah. Okay, then that makes sense. But Like I know that sounds stupid, but just like I'm trying to learn. You let me know I need it. Is it an app? Yes. Just the chat GBT app. I'm not kidding. I'm downloading it. It's really been saving my life. Is It free? I pay for the whole thing though because it's like actually saving my life as of late.


I don't know why. Like, you know, people are using chat two. Wait, first of all, Hawk two, a girl started an app. She started an app. I'm obsessed with her grind. Like she's giving me Jake Paul Energy. She's signed by him. See? Like you, do you think he is behind this? Like she started an app that's essentially like AI dating advice From her? No, from, it's like artificial intelligence. I don't even think it has anything to do with her. I think she just like, she started it. She's slang so hard. I know. I'm obsessed with her. I know. But like, you know, Like I don't know. I'm just, I'm I'm into it. Damn. I like wanna know. I wanna know who's like ideating these things.


I've been, I think I'm just gonna send Jake like seven questions. I'm like, how much did Mike Tyson make Like I need to know? He said he Threw 'em an extra 5 million for the lasting or he said he would. So I'm assuming he did. It's crazy. Pooky and Jet had their baby. They the baby wore home a $1,500 outfit. Do you see her doing her glam too? Yes. And. I'm obsessed with that. I know Somebody Posted a TikTok about how it was like weird. But I'm like, that's been happening. That's like a tale as old as time. Yeah. Like my mom had a full face of makeup when she had me. Really? Yeah. Like I think that's so iconic. And it's also like people don't talk about it enough. How? Like, and this is, this says everything about like the womanhood trope, but like doing your makeup is so soothing.


Like if I was like in a lot of pain freaking out about how I'm about to give birth, like contouring, would Like I take it away? Yeah. Or I just feel like if I felt pretty, I'd be like pushing. Like, It's so true though. It's so fair. Like I. I couldn't agree more. Do you, do you know someone from you go first when you give birth. Are you gonna let like your husband just like, look right into the, you're like uterus? No, I'm cliche, But like, you know how like my biggest fear is like in that like, not even having like control over the room when that happens. you know what I mean? Like Uhuh Like. I'm laying there, I'm pushing Like. I'm in so much pain. Like if you wanted to walk over here, what am I gonna do? Get up and scream. I, I don't know.


I don't think I could have anybody see that. But the doctors, Yeah, I need someone to see me from like my, from my shoulder. you know what I mean? Like yes, But I'm not getting Birth. Like I want them to see the same thing I do, which is just legs. Yes. I. Agree. 100%. You're giving birth. Don't I know that you think you don't wanna have a baby, but you do. I want babies, but how I get them is not me. I don't have it in me. Brooke, I had a fucking panic attack at Tricia Pat's house. So embarrassing in front of her to imagine this. We're like about to start a show. And I. Think I hear ringing in the room. There's no ringing like in the room at all. And, I start having a literal panic attack because I'm convincing myself that I have tinnitus and I'm about to have a stroke. And I'm gonna die. There's imagine her, she's like, I'm getting into business with this.


Like, so I, I just, I don't think I have it in me. Like. I don't. I don't. I really don't. I know I It all. You're gonna loosen up. Maybe I will, but I'm just such a paranoid person. That's crazy. I want, ugh, I'm like really in a phase where I'm like, if I got pregnant right now, I don't think I'd be like so upset just because I'm 30. Well, I'm 28 or Im about to be 28. You to me just, I just wanna let you guys know in the past 24 hours, Brooke to me has said I'm 30, like 30 times. You're not 30. I'm about to be 28. Yeah, but like, think about two years. That's a long time. Like think about two years ago, you know, you're still in your twenties. I just don't wanna be like a super old parent.


Like I. Well, I, I would don't mind being an old parent, but like what if my kid wants to like run around And, I can't run around anymore. I have a question. Hmm. Would I be a bad parent? We're talking about things that kids wanna do. And I was waking up today at like 10 30. And to me that is truly six 30. I just mean that I've been watching a lot of podcasts on like sleep studies and stuff and I'm learning more that some people are just like genetically or like in their formative years, like when they're born and shit. Like can actually genetically become like night owls. you know what I mean? And Like I. I know that's me. Like to me, 10 30 is 6:30 AM and obviously now, and again, I can get up early, but then I just feel awful.


I feel like until noon I'm not present at all. Like I'm not, and no matter what, I'm always gonna go to bed late. So it's just like the earlier it is, the less sleep I get. No matter what And I was. like, am I a bad parent one day? If Like I never once really take my kids to school. Like if I like had, like if Mako did that every day and then I pick them up every day. Or like if I, if I was present in their lives in every single way, like I'll make their lunches then night before I'll do everything. But Like, I can't. That's why that, that's the only reason I dropped out of school. And like by the time I was in like fifth grade, I would cry every single day about having to get up.


Like I even I was like miserable getting up for school. But everyone else did It. I don't know that, I don't think that makes you a bad parent. I just think like, what if you wanna like put her little hair in like little pigtails, Like we are gonna have to do the overnight curls or something. Like I. Do you think so? It's like, I'm serious. Like I. Remember as a young kid thinking Like I hate myself. Why am I not like the other kids? Because it wasn't just like an Oh, I'm tired. Like everyone's tired. It was like this different level of like, like really bad Like I think I believe you. Most parents would like have done something about that. Obviously mine didn't. But Like I would scream and cry every single day, every day all the way up until I dropped out because it was too early for me.


Like, and it's like, it's So, it is really strange. I don't really Like I don't think I can get up at 7:00 AM every Single day. No, I don't think, I don't think that makes you a bad parent to answer your question. But Like I would be the best parent in every single way. But Like I know for a fact I cannot take them to school at se like 7:00 AM every day. Well Hopefully you have a bus route. That's true. I rode the bus. It's formative. I never rode the bus. I rode the bus and the love of my life, Juan was on my bus and he was a year older than me and he didn't speak English. But we had a special connection. Every time in your life that you've told someone I love you. Like, was that hard for you?


Do you remember that like the first time you told anyone, I love you. Mm, no. Like I Have this realization today that that Like I always have done it in very like even with Makoua, I like got him blacked out. I got blacked out and then I was Like I Love you. Like I couldn't say it like before. I don't feel that way about I love you, but I feel that way about like, you've probably experienced this. I find it's like really hard for me to like, even if I feel Like I love someone so much. And, I, Like I think they're the world of them. It's really hard for me to like Put it into words. Yeah. Like say it like makes me like feel so strange. I was just thinking about the first time I ever said I love you to someone. It was Victor, a Guro in seventh grade, And I said, Did you love him?


I thought I was so in love with him. I've always felt so deeply. Like in seventh grade I was like, I'm madly in love with this person. And then I said I-I-L-W-Y. Like, I Like I like wrote it out and like made him figure out what that meant. And I was saying like, I'm in love with you. And then he didn't love me back. No. Yeah. How do you know He told you? Yeah. But then he ended up being my first kiss later After he didn't love you. Yes. See that's where it all began. And then I fucked his best friend while he was in jail. There You go. And then While he was in jail. Yeah. And now he is in jail for life. Still for life. Well he that at that time he got out. But you know me, I was, I was, and listen to how diabolical this is, even at this age, I was so upset.


It was for like graffiti, right? He was doing graffiti and he went And, I thought it was the end of the world. Right. And I'm Like I was heartbroken that this man went to jail. Right. And I'm like, oh my God, he's never gonna get Alec. What's gonna happen? I'm crying every day. And so then I start crying to his best friend about it and bonding with his best friend. You've told me This story and then he hooked up it's trauma bond. But then I get how that could happen. It's Like. I shouldn't make that comparison. Yeah. But we, we've talked about that before. It's, I completely, I guess I understand how that could happen. But if my friend, if I died and Bibe was trying to like, you know, grieve with somebody who was also grieving me and then she ended up like fucking my guy, I would kill him for myself and then her Or wait, I would kill her.


I would come back and kill her. I'm trying to think if I really would like if I died and then like Yeah, everyone's dead. Everybody. Yeah. If I ever die in someone I know starts like fucking Maco. Y'all better handle that. You would have so much fun haunting somebody though. Oh my God. You'd be so good at it. Well I think it's time we go on over to the Patreon. Guess what? I just got What?


An email from Hawk to his team. Brooke. I'm done. Alright guys, we'll see you over on the Patreon. We had a bunch of you over there send us voice memos and we're gonna give you some toxic tips and advice. We love you.