
Shouldn't every vacation be a rewarding experience? VRBO certainly thinks so, which is why on top of Host Free Stays and 24 7 support, VRBO now offers one key rewards with one key. You'll earn rewards on eligible stays that can be used for even more stays. One key. That's something the other guys don't have. Make your next vacation a little more rewarding. Vrbo, private vacation rentals. Relax. You booked a vrbo. Imagine being on a vacation for a very long time. Now imagine saving money nightly while you do it. Sounds pretty great, right? With vrbo, long stay discounts, you can stay longer and save more. Our customers save an average of 10% when they book Select Properties for a week or longer. Just in case you needed another reason to extend that vacation book the Perfect summer getaway today with vrbo Private Vacation rentals. Your future self will. Thank you later.


Hello And Welcome Back to the Cancelled Podcast. Ooh, that one was good. That one's crush It. I felt it in my nevermind. And your oshi ghi. My Oo and Demonetized immediately. I have like the most insane set of the giggles right now. I'm trying to suppress them. I love when you have the giggles. It makes me have the giggles. Okay. I'm trying to like have her airdrop them to me right now. I need to get the gigs. You're gonna get the gigs and the gags. I believe in it. Okay. Okay. I just wanna apologize to the two of you right now. For the first 20 minutes of this podcast, it's going to be about one thing and one thing only. And that is Chelsea handler. Oh, No, please. I love you.


It's just, I have to get all of this off my chest. First of all, I think I'm cla cognizant. Huh? What? Like clairvoyant, but cla Cognizant. Yes. It's like one step down. It's like baby, it's like baby clairvoyant because just things keep happening and I'm gonna get into like really what I'm thinking. I'm starting to think I'm psychic, which might mean I'm like teetering the line of like skits and you need to send me away. Yeah, I was gonna say, yeah, But see, Like I knew that helicopter was coming, you Know, like, And I knew you were gonna say that And I knew I was gonna miss the joke. Okay. I love Chelsea Handler, right?


Like, I love her more than anything in the world. She's my idol. She's always been my idol. I grew up on her. Like she, she really is. It's so different than like an Adam Sandler or a Justin Bieber to me. Like it's like she's my idol. You know what I mean? Yeah. 'cause You like she's similar to you in a way. Yes. Like you could like look up to her in that. Like, I could actually be this. Yes. Like whenever anyone's ever asked me like where I want my career to go, normally I don't really have an answer, but like the closest answer would be Chelsea Handler. Like, I love her so much And I think she just shaped who I am as a person. Like I grew up with Chelsea lately on In the House, and that was like, she just like my personality. I think everything that is my personality that has made me succeed has come from me being shaped by Chelsea Handler.


This is all just Like, I don't know, like a whole thing. I'm not even like a bookworm, but like Chelsea Handler drops the book. I'm reading it six times. Like I just, I love her so much. I don't know. I do remember that book phase. Like you were reading that book like front to back six times a week. Like I, it's just life will be the death of me. It's her best book, but, okay. Anyways, and even just lately in life, just the past couple weeks, I've been more focused on her than like ever like randomly a couple days ago too, Like I sent Jordan a Bitmoji and he like responded and he said something about Chelsea Handler and he's always just like compared me to her and like whatever. I've been on a lot of calls about my book. So I've been like really referencing her like a lot on these calls lately, like whatever. And we're in Vegas. I was supposed to fly home on Sunday at 2:00 PM and the night before I texted Paige And I was like, Hey, can you move at 5:00 AM the night before?


It was 5:00 AM Oh man. So too and is just crazy. But I texted you and I'm like, Hey, can you just move my flight to later? I don't pick my flight. And like, normally I feel Like I will send you like the flight I want to get on, but it was like giving lotto. Yeah. Like you just picked a fucking flight and Like, I ended up getting on it, like whatever. And I woke up yesterday before my flight, and the first video on my for you page was a video of Chelsea Handler. And like, she hasn't been on my for you page in like weeks. And like, it was the only TikTok I watched yesterday. Like I was just doing shit all day. And I sat there And I watched that TikTok in full And I just thought to myself like, God, I really fucking love Chelsea Handler. Okay. I packed my little shit And I gased it to the airport and for some reason as well, and like, listen to how out of character this is for me.


Okay. This is arguably the most out of character thing literally ever. But all day I feel like you, I'm like in living in stress that I need to be early to this flight. Oh yeah. That's weird. Something's going on. Yeah. Get on the meds. Koa like literally said to me, he was like, this is so out of character for you. Like, and I'm Like, I'm, I'm rolling all my shit hours before my flight. Like how out of character is that for me? Like I, I've never seen you do that once. Literally never in my entire four years. And it's, it's a jet suite, so you really only have to be there like 30 minutes before. But for some reason I'm just like airport traffic. It's stressing me out. That never stresses me out. I'm like, holiday traffic. I'm Like, I have to be so early. And so I pull up to this flight and I'm the only person in the JetSuite airport.


I am earlier than absolutely everyone on this flight. I'm sitting there, I'm twiddling my thumbs staring at the fucking wall. Like I'm in jail. Like, And I'm like, why? Like, why did I do this to myself? You know what I mean? And I'm sitting there, I'm doing my thing and I'm, I can't, I'm Like, I, you this can't, I'm like so flustered about it after like 20 minutes go by, a few people shuffle in And I look up and like 10 feet from me is Chelsea fucking handler. And she's like, she's so close to me. She's like, where? Like Bebe would be like in that chair? No, like from me. And I would know that woman anywhere. Like Nicole was saying, like he didn't recognize her.


He doesn't know, know who she is, like to anyone else. It's just kinda like a blonde woman. How Could you not know who she is? I didn't even have, I know I didn't even have to look at her face for more than 10 seconds. I was like that. Oh my God. And I don't ever act like this either. Like I literally was like Fangirling. Yes. Like I grabbed koa, I'm like out of my own body. I'm like, oh my fucking God. Like I just, I can't believe it. Like what are the fucking odds? And like you having changed my flight, I wouldn't have picked that flight. I think that's like that. I'm like, maybe I'm the clairvoyant here. Right? I just, I wouldn't have picked that flight. I would've picked a 7:00 PM flight. I would not have picked flight. And I'm like, what are the fucking odds? And it's like the only flight leaving. So I'm like, we're on the same fucking flight. I'm about to be on the same fucking flight as Chelsea handler.


And I'm like, I'm losing my mind. And so I'm Like, I have to walk outside. Like, I can't even like be in the same room as her right now. I need to gather my thoughts. Like I'm not gonna be okay. Mako was like, do you want me to come with you? I'm like, no, I literally need to be alone. You're Typing up like an Adam Sandler note, part two. You're Like, I are the Epidural. I literally thought about saying that to her. I swear to God. I was Like, I could just repurpose this. I walk outside, I start immediately bawling. Like I'm Like, I cannot believe it. Like me hysterical. She's like, And I, my flight's not for another 20 minutes. I was like, yeah, that's usually when you get there, You're like, and I'm losing my fucking mind. I'm like, oh my God. And I'm just like coming to the conclusion that Like, I can't say anything to her.


Like I don't know what to say. No. Like I just, I don't, because it's Like, I, Like, I love my fans so much And I love that they come up to me, but I also can respect and understand that there are people like that. And I don't wanna be like parasocial with Chelsea Handler at all. But like, she is like, like one of the main reasons I'm such a stand of her is because she's like, that bitch, like she's scary. Like she's, you know what I mean? Yeah. And I'm just like, she's so in her zone on her phone and I'm just, I'm trying to think of what I'm gonna say to her. And then there are, there is one more flight. So now I'm like, what if she's on a different flight than me and this is my only opportunity? And I'm just like, I'm sitting there And I'm trying to figure out what to say and it's just like she's heard it all before.


And Like I just, I couldn't think of what to say that like, you know what I mean? That just Yeah. But it Is so crazy that like the universe put this thing right in your path and you still didn't act on it. It was like right there In and imagine front of you. If the universe was like, damn bitch, I gave you one shot. Yeah. Like, I know Sitting five feet away from you, it's like dangling the carrot. All you have to do is just bite. I Know. But then it's, I just genuinely, And I don't know her, so it's like, maybe I'm completely wrong, but I just feel like there was anything I would say she would just say Thank you And I would walk over And I would sit back down like, she doesn't know who I am. And it like, it just, it didn't feel like the moment. And I also feel like it's like a Sunday after the holidays in Vegas, you're traveling. Like what if she was just in her own zone? Right?


Yeah. I guess. But then it's almost like more peace of mind for you if you did do it. 'cause it's like, even if you didn't get the reaction from her that you wanted, it's like, at least I did it. At least I Said it. Yeah. And, and if it's that like, oh, she doesn't know you. It's like she's not, not gonna really, like, she's not gonna see you again and be like, oh, that's the girl who talked to me on the flight. That's what I'm saying. Like, if I ever ran into her again, like that moment. Not, no, I think that's, that's comforting. It's like, oh, she won't even remember this anyway. Yeah. But I had the interaction gone. 'cause I've obviously, I'm sitting there and I'm playing out how this interaction can go a thousand times over and like had it gone the negative ways, I'm realizing like if I walked up to Adam Sandler and he told me to fuck off, Like I think I could stomach that.


Like, 'cause it's different. I love his movies. I didn't realize that until yesterday. Like yes, it would hurt And I would make a whole to-do on the podcast about it. And like, you know what I mean? But like, if Chelsea handler told me to fuck off, Like I would have to quit my job and Hollywood and every like, she means too much to me. I get That Like, you know what's so crazy? I was just, the other night when I was falling asleep, it was probably the same fucking night. I had like a YouTube podcast app and there was this like therapist and she was talking about in anxiety, there's a five second rule, right? And anything that you wanna do, you have to act on in five seconds or less because by the time you're over five seconds, that's when you start to think about like the what ifs.


And you start to like trick yourself. Can I tell you something that would ruin my life? It's supposed to help. I had to, I'm Like, it's supposed to help. So it's like if I were to act on something without thinking about it, I already do that as is. But at least, no, at least a good 20 seconds. Like no, But it's after that five seconds that you start to like do the self-doubting thing. So it's like if you had just act acted on it, like in that timeframe, you would've done it, not even thought twice about it. But the longer that you wait, the more you keep like psyching yourself out and like Mulling shit over. You're right. And I think that's crazy amazing advice for the average anxious bitch. But like for me, like people would be dead if I lived by that. But anyway, so I just, I get to this point where I play out every scenario And I just, she's sitting there in the airport and Like, I just, I don't wanna do it.


Right? And so then I realized the flight starts boarding and she's on my flight. Oh fuck. And I'm like, holy fucking shit. Like I, I have the opportunity. Like, I don't know, like maybe I'll say something on this plane, like when we deboard, whatever, right? I make myself the last person on this flight because I'm freaking the actual fuck out. I've never felt like this in my entire life, by the way. Like over anyone. Like even Beaver, really? Like even us being in the same room as Adam at the people, it was so different. Like I've never felt closer to my fans either because it's like anyone else I'm a fan of, it's very different. Like the things I would say, Like, I love your, like your work or whatever. Like I really, the things that people come up to me and say is what I would say to her. Like, you fucking raised me. Like you made me the person I am.


Like, and it's not like I'm a fan of her because of like a great movie. I'm a fan of her because of her and her inner thoughts. I know her fucking dog's names. Like I know everything about her, you know? And it was just, I don't know. And we get on this flight and it is a 20 person flight and she's sitting in JetSuite Plains. It's like, well, you know how it's one row that's singular. Yeah. So it's like one, it's like one whole row of singular seats. And then there's a tiny little aisle and then there's two seats. So it's like one aisle, two, three, you know what I mean? She is in four A. And I look down at my fucking boarding pass And I am in four B Anne Marie. Now at this point, I'm like, the universe is pissed off at you because they're like, they're like three times in a row.


Literally. I've given her this opportunity And I know. And she's just blowing it. I Know. So like, next thing you're gonna like spill your drink on her. I know, I know. But, and so I sit down in my fucking seat. I'm four BI kid you not like, you and me are further than like, her And I were like, this aisle is so small. She is literally like this, like actually this, this much space. She's in four A and I'm in four fucking B and I'm just sitting there and I'm like, thank, my biggest flex is that my peripheral vision is so amazing. Like I can see what Erin's doing right now. Like, and I'm sitting there and I'm just like watching her in my peripheral. I'm freaking the fuck out. And I'm trying to figure out what to say. But she's just, she's sunglasses on, she's on her phone. Like we get up in the air and the fucking, I would've airdrop something to her.


Oh My God, No. But see, no, because it's like, that's, that's so violating. But then say it was an accident that's, it's like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. Are you iPhone 42? Oh my, It's my God. How did I, So good. How Did I not think to, but I wouldn't have done it. I honestly wouldn't have. And then we take off and it's a night flight, so the p the plane is like pitch fucking black, right? And so I'm like, I'm not about to fucking turn to her. She's like taking photos of the sphere and sending it to someone. My peripheral is so good. I'm so creepy. And I'm just sitting there And I don't go on my phone one time. Like, think about how out of character this is. I'm sitting there just holding my breath. I'm honestly gonna, full transparency. I chewed a fucking Xanax.


Like I was losing my, to muster up the courage. I'm sitting there, She is crazy. I'm seizing Like I'm shaking, trembling like I've never felt like this in my entire life. Nicole was like, are you good? No, I keep crying. Like, I literally keep tearing up. I don't know what to do. I'm losing it. And I sit there, the entire flight just staring into the distance trying to figure out what the fuck to say to her. I'm texting Whitney Cummings. I'm like, Whitney, what do I fucking do? But even Whitney was saying like, Chelsea's scary. Like, you know what I mean? Like, do it. And she's amazing. Like say something. But Like, I don't, you Might not like get the response that you wanted. Yeah. I do completely understand why you were apprehensive. Oh. But I also just like, ugh, I wish you did just for like all of us. She doesn't order a drink.


She doesn't order food. She's in her own zone. We're in the pitch block. I can't figure out what to fucking say, but I'm like, is this fate? Like I've, I've prayed my whole life for this. Like, I really have like prayed. Like if you told me yesterday, literally if you told me yesterday morning, like you are going to sit down on a flight with Chelsea handler and say absolutely nothing to her, I would beat the shit. I would beat the everliving. Fuck. I would curb stomp that version of myself. I really would. Would. Well, yeah. You were texting me, you're like, what do I do? What do I say? I'm like, Tana, go fucking talk to her. Say something said the same. That's gonna you alive if you don't said the Thing. I just, but I couldn't figure out what to say. Yeah. And she gen I felt Like I have hours of things to say or nothing to say.


Do you know what I mean? And it's just Like I could, she just seemed so at one point, You guys, at one point she sneezed and I'm sitting there, I swear to God, debating No, I'm trying to say the words. Bless you. And I'm like, Like I could, her hair just barking at her. She bled The fuck going on over. I literally just bled a little. I couldn't even muster out. Bless you. No. Like, I couldn't even say Bless you. Like, and it's just like, where is 16-year-old me that would like go up to like the rock and fucking chest bump him? You would've, You would've asked her to like be a part of Anacon. 100%.


Where is drunk me? Who would've been like, you are my best friend. You're Coming to post it down with me. I was hoping You wanna go to Italy? Come on. Oh, you need, I almost texted you that I almost said relapse. I No, I I literally debated it. Koa ordered a fucking Scot joke and Coke. That's a joke. And I was, no, I swear to God I have never been so close. I'm not to a fucking relapse. Like I just, And I was just trying, there's so many stories that like, she's told that like, are about flights. I'm trying to think of like, like there's this story Chelsea Handler told in one of her books where she was flying with her dog across the country for like a holiday. And the dog starts freaking the fuck out on the plane. And so she has dog Xanax to give to the dog, and she gives the dog a dog, Xanax.


But then she takes the dog Xanax too. And she like goes home for the holiday and the whole holiday weekend she's with her family and she's just barred out on dog Xanax. And I Like, I almost like brought that up like whatev. But I'm like, that's just so creepy. Like I just, I couldn't, Yeah. It's like of all the, instead of just high, you're like, actually, I remember that one story. You, She's Like, okay, super Fan freak. No, literally like I'm her biggest fu she's my idol. And then, yeah. I mean, she gets off the plane. I'm so, I'm so you like Sort. No, no, no. I really, I really truthfully believe the universe is gonna bring you back to her. But I think it is gonna be, you're gonna be not regret this. 'cause I feel like it's gonna be in a setting where it's like we we're with Whitney or something and she could be like, oh, this is Hannah.


Or, so something. I truly, Truly hope one day I can tell her this story. She's, She'll see this. I'm gonna send it to her. I, On her email, I left And I got in that Uber And I literally just uncontrollably sobbed the entire car ride home. I was like, heaving. Like, I so sad. That's like, It's so valid though. Yeah. And I, I'm really so sad, but I just, I couldn't, I couldn't think of what to say. I, Like, I didn't know what to say. I also think there's like such a part of me that's Like, I don't wanna meet my idols. Like if I were next to Taylor Swift on a plane, I don't even think I would say anything. I would do what you did. I think I would sit there and just be like, holy fuck, holy fuck. Like internally freaking out. And I wouldn't say a Pete because What you're saying is like, you, you would never have this reaction to anybody.


And I find so much value in being a fan. I love to be a fan. I love to feel that. And like, it's almost like the second you meet somebody, like the magic almost goes away. I don't think that wouldn't have necessarily happened here, but it's like, like you said, I'd rather just like pretend it never happened. Yeah. I Was saying that to Koa last night that it's almost like it made me almost never wanna meet Adam Sandler. Like, it's like, it's nice to have that like fan girl feeling, like, whatever, you know what I mean? I thought I would never have the opportunity to potentially even meet her. Like, it is nice to just have that feeling. I don't, it, it just Like, I think everything happens for a reason. And like it that you can argue that that was fate and that was my moment. But it's just, I had to go with my gut and my gut didn't feel like it was like the right time to say anything.


Like, and maybe I will die and like regret it. There wasn't anything to say. And she was just like so in her own zone And I just didn't wanna fucking bother her. And Like, I don't know, I just like, this Is what I will say. If you see this bitch again, she's not a bitch. I love you so much, tsi. If you see this woman again and you don't say something, then you have to just die. I just like, yeah. I, no, I'm not, I would kill myself. I really do think the universe is going to bring you back to her. I really do. I think you're gonna be a bravo toast one day and she's gonna be there and you're gonna have to say something. But Even then I would, I was really thinking like, okay, if it's a Whitney's house moment or like a Tim Dylan's house moment or like if it's, if it's a moment where it's right, but it's Like I just couldn't, I don't know.


I like be that person. I don't know how she feels about people coming up to her and especially just during traveling and like, Yeah, that's a tough time. What if it was like, remember when we did the same venue as Jerry Seinfeld on the same night? Yeah. Like what if it was like that? Maybe because then it's like, oh, she knows like you're doing a show and like, maybe she's more like, oh, like this person probably looks up to you. Everyone that was giving me advice, 'cause I was texting everyone, it was so weird. I went to text Jordan and his last text me was about Chelsea Handler. And I was like, this is so weird. Like, I was texting everyone for advice and a lot of people were saying like, go up to her and tell her you have a really big podcast and like, whatever. And I'm like, I'm not fucking doing that. Yeah. Not, but like, I'm that bitch's son. Like, you know what I mean?


Like I'm sunned by Chelsea handler. Like I am like, it's Like I wouldn't have this podcast if it wasn't for her. I wouldn't be, I just, The domino effect of it all is so fucking weird. I know. So Weird. Like missing the flight, like texting me at 5:00 AM to rebook it. Like what are the odds? It's so weird. And like that, that being the only video I watched of her that day and like how much I've been talking about her recently. I've also like just back to my clear cognizance and then I'll literally like, shut the fuck up. Seriously. I've been having this reoccurring dream that I get cast in this movie by this specific network to play a stripper, right? Like in the, I keep having this dream And I've like never had this dream before And I like over and over again and I've like woken up from it several times.


I told Nicole, I was Like, I keep having this dream and you know how I feel about acting. I don't act like whatever. And I get this call like a couple days ago asking me to be in a movie essentially by this network that I've been like having this dream about with these like actresses that I love to play a stripper So fucking crazy. Like Yeah, you are. I think that's just clairvoyant. This shit happens to you like on a minor level too. I feel like just randomly, I Like, I'm always dreaming something and then it like completely happens or I'm just thinking about something and it completely happens and it's so weird. But like, what are the odds that I'm having this specific ass dream that I'm cast in this movie by this specific company to play this specific role. And then I, Like, I keep having this dream and then I get the call.


Yeah. That is so crazy. God, I want you to get that so bad. I just wanna go on record really quickly and say that I have been having dreams about Alex Earl getting on Dancing with the Stars. And if you, if she's on this season, mark my words. I I said it first. No, we're we're rebranding the podcast to a psych Podcast. I'm not, I'm not getting, I really Like, I feel like I'm having premonitions. It's so weird. That is crazy. I could completely see her doing that, but I Lo oh my God. That's Like, I, I'm, I think the reason I'm, I'm just sitting here like this is 'cause I'm just so jealous. Like, And I don't wanna feel jealous of you, but I love her. Like Chelsea lately was up all, I was literally up all night watching Chelsea lately. Me too. Like she's just the fucking best. I'm, I've watched her architectural digest like a million times and that's how I decided like she probably wouldn't like me because she's literally like, she's like, my nephews live here.


I hate them. Like that's, That's, it's just, that's that being her energy. Exactly. I just didn't want to be that person. And I love that about her. That's my favorite thing about her. But I just like, oh, this little fucking blonde bitch like sitting next to me on a flight. Like I wanna be just like you. Like I could see her making so much fun of that. Like I You Become like her next skit. Yeah. Like oh my. Well that would just be an honor. Even when we were at the ranch a couple days ago, someone at the ranch was named Chewy And I went on this whole tangent to you. Yeah. About Chelsea Handler had a co-host named Chewy for so long. Like I've been talking about her so much more. I Forgot what that, I actually referenced her recently too because she has a bit about Bernese Mountain dogs and how she has a Beese Mountain dog. But she had to buy a used Beese Mountain dog because celebrities are not allowed to have designer dogs because you have to adopt a dog.


Yum. And like that's so relatable. 'cause now I have designer cat and everybody's like, mom shaming me about it. Like I can't believe you got a cat from a breeder. And I'm like, it really, it really is like people really do get really mad about that. They do. She was right. Yeah. I had to get one Used. I keep bleeding. I thought I found a used one, but apparently not. I'm bleeding too.


I need and use Lumi every single day on my body. And it keeps me smelling amazing whole body deodorant. Safe to use anywhere on your body pits under boobs, thigh folds, belly buttons, butt cracks, vulvas and feet. Created by an OB GYN who saw firsthand how normal BO was being misdiagnosed and mistreated, clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. Lummi deodorant product options, solid deodorant, stick formulated and powered by mandelic acid to stop odor before it starts. Sweat control deodorant. 72 hour odor and sweat control for pits, privates and beyond. Spray deodorant aluminum free and ideal for hard to reach places. All products baking soda free and paraben free pH balance for safe use below the waist. Choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like clean tangerine, lavender, sage, or toasted coconut Lumi Starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes and free shipping as a special offer for listeners new customers. GET 15% off ALL Lume products with our exclusive code. And if you combine 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their Starter Pack, Use code Cancelled for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's code Cancelled at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please support our show and tell them we sent you Smell fresher, stay dryer and boost your confidence from head to toe with Lumi. Thank you Lumi for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Anyone who's ever planned a group trip knows it can get a little messy with VRBO s Trip planner feature, you can save and compare your favorite rentals, collaborate with cot travelers, and organize your trip all in one place. Relax you buck to VRBO. Ever wanted to stay on vacation longer? Those two with VRBO s Long stay discounts. You can stay longer and save more on select properties. Gotta love a win-win book, the Perfect Summer Getaway today with vrbo, private vacation rentals your future self. We'll Thank you. Later.


Well, Do you think she knows who you are? Like do you think she was looking at you? No, she's for sure seen you before probably. No, you Don't. And she was so in her own zone And I don't even think she looked at me once, like me and my peripheral. Like just, I don't think she looked at me one time Like I, 'cause if we made eye contact too, maybe that would've been like a something. Yeah, Maybe he would've Like, Like I think I literally, if we made eye contact probably would've been like, you know like Yeah. I sometimes do that to people If I see them And I love them, I'm just like, yeah, throw like up a little water. Like so then it's like you didn't bother them but they like you acknowledged them and they probably feel good about it. Yeah. Like I would've, you know what it just did? She didn't look up. We didn't make eye contact. God sent Chelsea handler to Tana on a flight and sent me Chris Alia on flight.


Like I'm just hurt. What did I do? Don't Have we ever talked about that? Like we flew on the same flight as Elia and we're all sitting there holding Snapchat to our head. Like you know the Snapchat and it says like, we are Cancelled two. I had a sign that was like, meet me in the bathroom in five. I forgot we were all on that flight Just fucking with Elia. But that was weird 'cause like we were all going to like somewhere so random. Yeah, it was like, It was like Milwaukee. And it's like, what is he doing? And it was like we were flying outta like Texas. It's like what is he doing going from Texas to Milwaukee? Probably the same thing we are. I just thought About another premonition that happened to me in Vegas that I need to talk about. 'cause I've been meaning to tell you about this. So I've So you guys can cut me off at any point. I'm loving it. Keep Sorry. I love this movie. I'm serious.


So I've been in Vegas a lot, right? This was not this past trip, but it was the trip before that. I went and played in another celebrity poker tournament. Played like ass, by the way, might need a new fucking hobby. I'm serious. Like it was one of those where I felt like an athlete And I walked in And I was like, bad game out there on the field. Hey. Oh, like it wasn't even like luck. He's like the water boy now. It wasn't, yeah, it wasn't bad luck. Like it was dead ass. Like bench me, like my like bad choices letting Bryce Hall whoop me too. Like just tail between my legs. Anyways, we're at the tournament, right? And like a lot of people go and don't play. Like it's just open bar and like fucking Wagyu on plates. Shit. I'm okay. You never told me That. I, that's why everyone comes and watches me. Like my friends aren't that supportive. Like, you know what I mean? Oh, You're right. Yeah. Like They're supportive but they come, maybe That's why your mom came, right?


Like to get the fucking open bar and some food. I'm not kidding. And so yeah, everyone just like goes and vibes. Like there's a lot of people not playing and every time there is this guy there, right? And he kind of looks like a little baby mini Connor McGregor. Okay. Little redhead, like weird dude. Right? And people get blacked out because of the open bar. And he's always, this guy's just hammered, right? And he's always in a loop. Every time I see him, every single time he comes up to me and he tells me that he too went to Green Valley High School, right? And then every single time I tell him, I'm like, oh my God. Like when like did we go at the same time? Right? Like big high school. Like maybe we went And I just didn't know you. And then he tells me that he graduates 2010. And then every single time I tell him that I was in diapers, you know what I mean?


When he was in high school, like we, we literally didn't even fucking go at the same time at all. And it's like, we have this and then he, he's in a loop. So he keeps telling me that every single time and every single time, man, we had the same conversation where I'm Like, I oh my God, just glitching. I didn't go. I didn't go at the same time as you go Gators. No. You know what you're supposed to do? This is like talking to a person with dementia. You practice different answers until you get to this like quickest result. You start telling him you did not go to Green Valley. He knows I did. Oh, he knows I did. 'cause he leads with it, right? And then every single time he asks me for a selfie and then I take the selfie and then he goes over to Amari and then he asks Amari if he can take a selfie with me, even though he just took a selfie with me. And then Amari tells him like, sure, she's down for a photo.


And then I take the second selfie every single time. And then he tries to introduce me and Amari every single time. Wait, wait, are you saying this man is so hammered that he's like, he keeps doing this. Yes, I Respect. And honestly We've All been there. That's very true. Me. And then, but this happens every time as well. So it happens in a loop of a million times. But it also happens every time, every Poker Tournament for some and suppressive Is his consistency For some reason. So I'll always take the selfie like a million times, but I get like a really bad vibe from this guy. Like really bad vibe, like scary, Just unsettling. Like I don't like nothing more like just a really bad vibe. And for some reason this last time it was like way fucking worse. Like, and he goes to ask me for the third selfie.


And every time normally I play into it And I just Like, I take the photo And I like whatever. Right? And for some reason in my mind this time my brain was just telling me like, get the fuck away from this guy. Get the fuck away from this guy. Now, now, now. And you know how I am. Yeah. You sleep when like Yeah, when I get one of those thoughts, Like I act on it almost too hard. Like I grab my shit and immediately just like mid him trying to do it, I like run away. I grab my shit, I leave celebrity poker, I leave Koa behind, I leave everyone I like run out of there. Like I don't say bye to everyone. Like normally I exit and say bye, I say Thank you, like whatever. Right? I leave immediately. That's just what my brain tells me to do. And I go to my room and Like I'm gonna bleep the person's name I'm about to say.


But like 20 minutes go by And I get a FaceTime call from all of my friends and everyone is freaking the fuck out. Shut up. Okay. Everyone is freaking the fuck out. And apparently right after I left he walks over to and does the same exact thing and then she like takes the photo and then he asks her again and she like doesn't wanna take the photo and he punches her in the stomach. He decks her in the fucking stomach, like peeled over, punches her in the fucking stomach Work And like You're lying. No, I swear to God on the Bible. I swear to wait like actual punches her in the stomach. Yeah. The celebrity poker, they called the cops or asking her if she wants to press charges. Like this whole fucking thing. I have chills right now. Like I And I like knew something bad was going to happen and like that would've been me if it wasn't like, do you know what I mean?


Oh God. How crazy. Isn't that so weird? Who is he? Where did he come from? No one knows. Like no One knows. Like does he have a connection to anybody? Is he playing in the tournament? No one knows What does. No One knows. Fuck. That's so weird. How fucking weird is that? And then of course she's just being so funny. She doesn't care at all. She goes back to play poker. She thinks it's Connor McGregor. She's on this whole fucking tangent telling everyone that Connor McGregor punched her in the stomach. Mm mm Dinner Good eats. You're like my compliments to the chef. Wait, I'm Wait, what's on your hair?


I don't, what is that? It's like a dole sticker. It says 1 0 7 7 8 8. Do you think that means something? Maybe Hold onto it just in case I have to hold onto to this because now what if something happens? See I'm, I don't know if I'm schizo or if I'm psychic. I don't know what's going on, but That's crazy. You are clairvoyant, honestly. Can you tell me what's happening for me next? I just Don't know how to explain that. I like get these feelings that like something's gonna happen and then it happens. Hmm. Do you think it's like do, is it chicken and the egg? Is it like something bad happens because you think it's gonna happen? Like maybe Like I don't You like weirdly like Manifest it. You know what's weird? Me and Tana were like having this whole conversation in my car the other day And I was telling her that before I worked for her, before I even moved to LA I knew who she was.


I wasn't like a crazy big fan, but I was like, I'm gonna work for Tana. And I knew it and it wasn't like a big thing And I just like knew in my bones. I was Like, I know I'm gonna know her. And then sure as shit we were talking about like the domino effect and everything that happened that led up to me working for her. But it was so wild, like moving to LA I didn't have a job car suitcase, like nothing, no money. And then I ended up getting paired up with my random roommates. I didn't know them. My roommate just so happened to know Kyla, like because she worked for Lana Rhodes. Like the series of events that led us together was so insane that it's Like I, I have to believe that it's fate because it can't be coincidence. Yeah, I Agree with that completely. I really do. It's so weird.


Like even just Like, I would've had to met Jake who's brother's with Logan, who's friends with Mike, who was dating Lana Rhodes meet Lana Rhodes, who would then know Olivia to then know you. Like how weird is that? Like the, just the domino effect of life. And my, my roommates were completely random. I had never met them in my entire life. That's so crazy. And it just so happened I met my roommate Emily through my friend Nikki, who I met out here. Like this series of events was just too crazy. I like that though. That makes it like more special. It's like, it does like being like with being with a partner. Aw, that's really sweet. That Is. That is really sweet.


Thank you so much to SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast. You guys have used my code so much that SeatGeek wanted to hook you up with a new special offer Everyone can use my new code Cancelled 10 for 10% off any tickets on SeatGeek. Whether you're a new customer or not. Concert season is back artists like Sabrina Carpenter, Tate McCray, Charlie XCX, and Noah Con on tour. And you already know that SeatGeek is the best place to get tickets. I'm so excited to see Billie Eilish this December. No matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before Cancelled 10 is going to get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code Cancelled 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now. Because this offer is only available for a limited time, Use code Cancelled 10 for 10% off tickets on SeatGeek. Thank you so much to SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Shouldn't every vacation be rewarding? VRBO thinks so, which is why VRBO offers one key rewards with one key. You'll earn rewards on eligible stays that can be used for more stays. Vrbo, private vacation rentals. Relax. You booked a vrbo. Shouldn't every vacation be a rewarding experience? VRBO certainly thinks so, which is why on top of host free stays and 24 7 support, VRBO now offers one key rewards with one key. You'll earn rewards on eligible stays that can be used for even more stays. One key. That's something the other guys don't have. Make your next vacation a little more rewarding. Vrbo, private vacation rentals. Relax. You booked a vrbo.


Should we address your quitting allegations? Not quitting allegations? Dude, we, I posted my vlog for like two fucking seconds and that page is like moving on. It was So funny. I was cracking up. When you just all of a sudden are sobbing your eyes out, People including her are acting like I'm dying. I know It literally feels like you are, but Like I know. I think it's more exciting. 'cause I feel like you're gonna have like more time to be like a friend. But No, I swear to God I'm getting dms like, girl, I'm so sorry. I heard the news. Hope you're okay. I am like what? You're Like girl More than okay. No, I'm like Yippy. No, I'm kidding. It's, it's crazy. Yippy is crazy. No, but it's not, It's yy like, Because it's like, how long is she gonna pack a suitcase for Vegas?


That's what people don't understand is it's like, of course all of the, they see the just like the good. Oh yeah. They don't see like the dirty work, like The all So much like heavy. Just like work. Yeah. I've been telling everyone, Like, I think the average lifespan for an assistant is like a year to a year and a half. I've double double it. Like I've doubled that. I've been, February will be four years of working for her, which is, Well, I remember your first day. Ah. Oh, it's cute. Which is just like, I'm getting past my expiration date and like, I've been talking to her about this. Like, we've been talking and like, we know we need to hire someone new and it's like nothing. There is literally nothing bad. Everything's good. It's just, We're also like starting a company together. And Like, I, I also think that there's like a world where you do like executive tasks, like shit, like working with brands and shit, but like you're done ordering Blue Vapes And I respect it.


Like I I was saying to t too, I was like, it literally has nothing to do with you. Chris Jenner could come knock on my door and be Like, I want you to be my assistant. I'd be Like, I'm tapped out. Like I'm just getting to the point where it's Like, I want to have my own like time and like life back because it's like being an assistant. My life revolves around her. Im with her every single day. It's Like I prioritize her and that's just the name of the game of like being Yeah, you have to, you're literally getting paid to run someone else's life. Yeah. I'm, and like, that's tough. You know, I'm Tana two point out and then like, I've just had moments where Like I step back And I'm like, wait, I just wanna like put more time into myself and be able to like do my own things. And I love, love you so much that you deserve that. Like, holding anyone hostage in something that's no longer fitting for them.


Especially someone that you love so much. I love you. Like you don't wanna do it. Well, And I was saying Like, I, I love her so much. I would never leave her high and dry and just like, okay, I'm quitting. Bye. Like, I wanna make sure she's set and she has someone that she can trust and is good to fill my shoe. You know, what I think needs to happen. I think yeah, that's the problem is they are like, they, it's like such a, like it can't just be anybody because we had so much fun with you. But I feel like we should all be sitting like on a little panel and doing the interview process. Like, I have to do a little dance. They have to tell joke. Tell us how they would react in like a, A, B, and C situations. Yeah. I don't think anyone will. That's why I was crying. I wasn't crying because I don't think I'll have a great new assistant.


I think that the a, b and C of the job can be done by a lot of people with experience. I think Kyla was an amazing assistant. I think Natalie was an amazing, also two of my best friends still. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't think anyone will, I mean obviously you're my best friend and my soulmate. I don't think anyone will ever have Paige's personality. Like the Mako always talks about this, like genuinely like the levity that you bring to like hard situations and the humor. Like, that's why I was crying because it's Like, I'm gonna be an hour long car rides with someone who is just never gonna be as fucking funny as you. You know? Well, We're also the same where like if we're in a shitty situation and we're both miserable, we're going to use humor every single time to cope through it. Yeah. Like we're cracking our best jokes when we are like peak misery. I Agree. And I, that's a hard trait to find for sure.


Like, it's just, yeah. It's so funny. We were like, I'm excited for you to spread your Wings. Aw. And fly. Exactly. I just, you Fly to my house, you're saying board. Yeah. I'm kidding. I'll have time. I'll be over every day. No, but guys, I'm not dying. Like, I'm not going anywhere. I'm always gonna be around Your tiktoks right now are like, I'm getting like really insecure and not Like what? I'm not kidding. Because it's like I've never met someone funnier than you. Like the things that you think about. No. Like I, I'm like, how did she even, how did that come to her brain ever? That Sound like It's, it would've gone everywhere but in here. But some Of like my best work I feel like doesn't get the recognition it deserves. And it's always like my stupid tiktoks. Like, I'm not even thinking twice about that. Like, do the best. You killed me with the Trojan horse the other day.


I'm like, That was like my best work. It got like three likes. Too smart for the room. No, you Know what? And just wait. They'll notice you eventually. Like it's, I feel like they're gonna come back and be like, this is the funniest person I've ever seen. You taught Me about the Trojan horse. I didn't know anything about the Trojan horse until you, I didn't know it was the size of a seven 11. Oh, I Think I was like being a little facetious. Oh, it's not, it was big though. It's so again, That's the problem with me. It's Like, I was like, oh my God, a seven 11 And they, so they all just got in and they were like, Yeah, We gotta hide. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They like, And then we're gonna pop out. It was the Greeks and the Trojans. I don't even like wanna bore everyone. Greeks and Trojans. Basically Greeks get in big horse statue as like war peace offering.


Trojans are like, fuck yeah. Bring the horse in. They bring the horse into the city. And then at night the Greeks all hop outta the horse and like, kill everyone and win the war. Like that's so Cancelled. Podcast history lesson. We do this all the time. And never even one time have we been correct about anything? Oh, I'm probably so wrong. I was like editing the podcast. I think you Could say it last night and Mcco was in fucking tears at us trying to talk about people on the moon. Like I amm done. Oh, I know. I thought, I thought I slayed. I was Like, I was really trying to like spit facts at Tana And I said like Lance Armstrong landed on the moon. Who was the guy who literally had like the yellow brick. He had testicular cancer. Yeah. He was the cyclist. Mm. And I don't know why he referenced the testicular cancer before the cycling.


No, But it was important That his claim to fame. Well it was, it was Like, I just remember the yellow bracelets that was like such a big deal. The guy with the ball cancer. Like he's literally like A fucking athlete Dude. And like such an amazing one too. Holy Fuck. It was fucked. I, I can't stop with my ball obsession by the way. I've been begging mcco to let me acrylic paint his balls as like pumpkins or something. Like I love balls. I know. I just, I I wrote it down to talk about it again. I talked about it last week, but it's Like I, the obsessed Greg Posted on his story last night, he's like, this is what I do for work. And it's just a video of us being like, yeah, I got tea bag this morning. I think balls scare me. I love No, I love That. I just wanna do this. I Love them so much when I'm really s will Let me side, side, you know what I'm saying?


Like, Ugh, like what's that? Like, Like a little, you know what I'm Saying? It's a little like a little stress ball. Yes. Like a stress ball. Oh yeah. I love balls. I'm not gonna do it again, but I'm just serious. If I acrylic paint Mac's balls though, everyone will be hearing about it. What are you gonna Employ? Mention? I hope so. Well, I'm just, I'm adding that to like, I'm, my, my new bit is like things I want, but he won't let me do, I'm asking for, for Christmas. Oh. As a part of my Christmas gift, Like I'm gonna put mascara on him. I'm gonna paint his balls like I'm so hip. Because genius Needs to make you like a coupon book. And like you, you can use, like today I get two, tie your balls in a knot And paint them as a globe. Like actually imagine how fun. Yeah, that would be cool. Did have you guys, well you'll appreciate this.


Did you know that if you were to flat and out the earth and then draw a little outline around it, it makes the cat Wait. I didn't know that. If I do love that. I love that. No screen. That's Cute.


There are lots of people you might wanna share a VRBO with, but the host isn't one of them. When you book a vrbo, the host doesn't stay with you. So the only people you'll share the space with are your people. Vrbo, private vacation rentals, relax. You booked a vrbo.


I have something that I'm dealing with right now that I can't tell if I can tell it without sounding like just an asshole. Okay. Story Of my life. I have this girl that I was friends with in seventh grade. Okay. I went to like a, a k through eight school for only one year, seventh grade. And she was my friend. She was two years older than me. Like we, we hung out all the time, whatever, like really close at the time, but one year literally never saw her again. Ever. Okay. Years later, she's in prison with my mom starts writing me letters about how like, my mom's a prison mom. It's like a, it's a thing, not whatever. Years after that she's in prison with my sister, which is just a coincidence like that. I can't even believe that that's true. But it is. She's like pregnant in prison with my sister. My sister's telling me all about her, and it's like, just like a strange thing. I'm, I've never heard from this girl again.


That's Like a book title. What's that? What's that book writer who wrote like, it ends with us? Colleen, Colleen Hoover. Very Colleen Hoover, pregnant in prison with my sister. Ooh. Right. But she, so I, I never saw her again. That was like, that's all I knew of her is that she like, ended up getting really badly into drugs, went to prison a bunch of times, whatever. And recently, well, like 2022, she started messaging me crazy on Facebook asking me for money. And I was like, first of all, don't have any. Second of all, what do you mean I haven't seen, You're also tapped out on your list of donors. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm good on my supporting of others. Thank you. Yeah. But she's like asking me for money and so I'm just like ignoring her, obviously, because I'm like, what am, I don't wanna say no. But also Like, I, I haven't even seen you since seventh grade.


Yeah. The Brook of Wish Foundation is getting out of Pan. And You guys, I'm not kidding. Now at this point, she sent me probably like a hundred messages in a row, like novels. Like, you haven't even met my daughter yet. I can't believe it. She's five. And you haven't even met her yet. What? Why would I have met her? You know what I mean? Like, I haven't, I've only, I haven't seen you since seventh grade. And so then she reaches out to, she reaches out to my sister and sends my sister a novel and she's like, Brooke will not talk to me now. I don't know what, what I did to her, what is going on and stuff. But in my head I'm like, it's just like, kind of like making me feel really weird. Like I don't wanna, you know what I mean? Like why would I It's a stalkery. Yeah. And she, it's so bad. She, she, even the line, she's sending my sister novels, she's sending me like, like the craziest voice memos, like ever.


And it's, they're so eerie, like the sound of her voice. I almost Like, I feel like it's mean to play play it. But we Can, to take her a sample can, we can like work warp it. 'cause I wanna hear, Well, since she won't answer, I guess I'll just say happy birthday this way, bitch. If you could like, hit me up, that'd be really cool because Like, look, it sounds like I'm joking, like, yeah, It's been a while And it's so, and it's just like, it's what so much like, it just like never stops. And she sent my sister all of those. She kind of sounds like she's on drugs, but it also, if she's not, it's just really creepy. It's giving Nora for my Farley. She first, she for sure is, but then I'm sitting next to BB last night and she goes, do you know this person turns over her phone and she's sending BB novels?


No. Like, I know Brooke's your best friend. Like she was my best friend growing up and now she won't talk to me and stuff. And I'm Like, I haven't even seen you in 15 years. Like, it's just like, it's, it's scaring me. And I know it's like, she probably just wants to talk or whatever, but it's like, like it's the entitlement. Like, you haven't even met my daughter. Like, no, no, no. That's gotta be, it's, there's a psychological term for that. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like where, like, you guys met in seventh grade, but now she has this crazy attachment because she's seeing you online. Like it's, that's there's a Screw. Yeah. And she's like, I'm just trying to be a good sister. Like I'm, I'm just like really weirded out by, and I'm like, wait, Like I just Feel like you're the type who's eventually gonna like, send her money or something. And I swear to God, if you come back here and you tell me that you cut that bitch a check, I'm gonna square up on you.


Like, do not respond. No, not this time, but like, oh God, you're gonna like, make plans to hang with her. Really unsettling. I've had my, my fair share of a stalker. But like, even just like your neighbor, like you have such a weird thing with like, women that like, have met you, that do the weirdest shit. Like Yeah. And I have like a weird blind trust thing. Like, I don't know why I have like the opposite of what you have where I'm like, I'm never really hesitant. I'm, I'm not, I'm never afraid of people like doing me wrong or anything for some reason, even though Like, I have a lot of reason to believe they will. And I wish I had like any sort of like survival instinct at all. Like maybe you should avoid this person. But instead I'm like, can't block her.


Like, you're like, what's the worst she can do? Yeah. It's just awful. Strange. Yeah. That's terrifying. My list of topics is so funny. It says, it says her name and then it says, mom shaming pap smear mouse ate a carrot bottom of my feet are cracked boob job. Like what do any of these things mean? Talk to me about your pap smear. My pap smear. I wanted to talk about my pap smear and this is why. Okay. Because I just turned 28 a couple days ago and it was, I am ashamed to admit this was my first ever pap smear, which we are supposed to get them at 21. I was gonna say, you're like damn near 10 years late. I know. Oh, quirky. Well, ask your friend here if she's sad pet, She's, and listen to me right now. This was your story. I know, but I'm just, it's only because I don't want anybody out here, any of the Cancelled girlies to get cervical cancer.


Okay. And I, if You think about it, macOS in there popping and smearing welcome. Yeah. He's pap smearing you. But everybody made me so afraid of it. And everyone's like, it's painful. Like you can feel them scraping inside. I'm not even kidding. I had, maybe this says something about me, but I'm, I had no clue. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. That she, even pap smeared me The clamp, the metal clamp. She didn't clamp me. No, no, no, no, no. They all, yeah, when they stick the thing in and they crank your badge open, they go How open? I don't know. Open enough to like get in there. I've Actually been trying to get looser. That's a whole thing. No, mine Was like a, just a little, I'm pretty sure she just like stuck a Swab in there. No. So what they do, they put the clamp in and then they open it and then they take the swab and scrape your Stomach.


I feel Like I would've noticed that maybe you just got pap swabbed. No, I, I 'cause I asked her, I mean, I paid for a pap smear and then I, Like, I had to get my blood drawn and it's a whole thing. Apparently my, Like I have all sorts of issues, but it's because I thought I had a ovarian cyst and I'm still pretty convinced. But I gotta get off WebMD. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Oh my God. But it wasn't hard. What my point is, stop telling people it's hard because it's, you should go get one immediately. Oh No. But I'm gonna be honest with the people. I hate getting get it done, but oh my god, I hate it. Something about like the guy now and like the reproductive, I just feel we're at a point where we, Oh, I was the best time. My legs were up. I was looking at the pink ceiling I was having. It was so, it was so sleigh. Honestly, I just feel like we're at the point where there's gotta be at home kits.


Like we've got 23 and me, like why can't we have, there are, there's Like, there's ACEs st d tests you can do at home and stuff. I thought about that, but then it's Like, I wanna know right in the moment, I always go to this place like same Day Health because it's like, they tell me the same day, like, Gimme a three times mirror a pair of tweezer, man tweezers and a cotton swab. And I got this Shit. Like, I, I think it's kinda like, take your best guess. Like you can pretty much infer like, what's going on down there, Paige, you're gonna love this. What? Oh, shut up. Oh, it's literally Murph. It looks just like her. Australia. That's cute. That is Murph. I miss Pocket. I love Pocket.


I love Pocket. I wanna get a second one. Name it Pork Chop. Okay. Just be careful. Do not pick one up at the Grove. No, I would never, People still think I made that up. Picking him up at The Grove. Yeah. They think I secretly bought him from a breeder and pretended I stumbled upon him. Which I, I lowkey get Like, I get why you think that, But buying a cat at the Grove is so you Like, I can't express that. Wait, I have a question though. And Like, I got, you know, people get really mad at you. Like I, people are mad at me for buying a Bengal, but nobody gets mad at people for buying Golden Retrievers. And that's a dog from a breeder and like a pure bred dog. That's true. I guess it just doesn't give like, you're right. Like just social doesn't give breeder. It's just like m Like designer cats. Like, usually they're like unethical breeders and stuff. So I get, I understand it for sure.


But Like, I, Yeah, I wanted to, And I know Chihuahua so bad, but I know I would get cooked, so I'm just hoping one day I stumble upon one. Well, I really did stumble upon one at the Girl at the Rose. But now it's funny because like the, the breeders who gave it, like, he, they made me think like, oh, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. This is the last one. He's so small. He's so calm. Lies and That's crazy. You see like 10 more at The Grove tomorrow. I'm pretty sure he was like sedated. No, there was one at The Grove the very next day and I'm like, oh my God, I got absolutely ba ba course I got got and but then it's funny 'cause they follow me on, or I get their tiktoks all day. Their account is foreign Bengals stop. And I'm not kidding, my like, mouse used to be a trapper. Like, there's like videos of him, like on top of Lamborghinis and stuff. Like with his little, I'm like, I'm like, oh fuck.


Like they, they honestly ate me up. Like I went a hundred percent. This was not a good idea. He's Like, I left. So he's so cute. And he almost dies every day. Have You been, should we talk about Butterball Turkey gate? What's that? You don't know about Butterball Turkey Gate? No. What happened? The, the employees are fucking, the turkeys Workers at the Butterball Turkey factory got caught up dicking down the Turkey Saying Turkey. Why is that not even like the crazy, Like I almost am like, yeah, No men. Yeah. Like, honestly, yeah, I think That's what it is. Like, it's like that you say, oh, a man got caught fucking a Turkey. And I'm like, sounds about right. That's so fair.


No offense, Aaron. Not fucking turkeys. I know. I'm just, but you're a man. But they're, they're really, they're fucking like turkeys. They're fucking couch cushions. Yeah. If it has a whole, honestly, I'm not gonna lie, you told me that you fucked a couch cushion. Oh, it Was, I'm not fucking turkeys though. It was a throw pillow. So It was a throw pillow actually. But you, you burnt a hole in it and No, nobody here forgot about that. Yeah, but turkeys is crazy. Dude. I was like telling all my guy Friends is where I draw the line. Turkeys Is definitely where I fucking draw the Line. And that's like, it's dead. So what is that? What do they call that? No, No, no, no. Like the live turkeys. Oh, What? I thought they were fucking the, the, the butterballs. Like the, you Can't fuck a live tur.


No, no, no. They, they like, This is sad. I don't wanna say finger, but like, yeah. Well what do gain from That? Say the turkeys. Oh, that's awful. It's disgusting. And they're like abusive with them. They're like, wait, that's so sad. Oh, that's awful. Yeah. No, the turkeys are like gobbling around. Like, It's not bad enough that they're gonna be fucking laid out on somebody's table a couple days from then. But you know What? Oh, it's way less funny. It was never funny, but like, Yeah, I immediate Retraction and apology. But there's one thing, 'cause I, I brought it up to my guy friends at Friendsgiving, him. They were like, Like I was talking about them. Fuck, like fucking the turkeys.


And a few people were like, like a few people chimed in to say that they could see that, how that could feel good. I really want all men to be honest. And like, tell me the weirdest thing you've put your dick in with, with, you know, within, within reason. Nothing crazy. If I had a dick though, like remember those? Yeah. What's the first thing you would put your dick in if you have one? Those, Those water things. Like, like the, The really, that's what I think when I'm thinking about balls, you know what I'm talking about and it like, and it just keeps going. Or like, just like, yeah, like Vaseline. Mm. Like A Big tub of vase. That's too, I like too thick. Like that's, yeah, it's not enough. It's something like this. Any more Speed? Yeah. Yeah. Trade speed for accuracy.


Apparently that happened in 2006. Oh, what? The turkeys? Yeah. The whole, oh. And it's just now catching virality. Yeah. That'll Happen. That'll happen Also. No one comment on my bangs. I'm getting a lot of comments being like, what? What'd you do Queen? Cut your hair at 3:00 AM Yes. Oh my God. Did you cut that with the lights off? Yes. So glad we Cleared that out. I love your bangs so much. And when you told me that people were up in arms about it, I I could believe that Also imagine being up in arms about somebody else's haircut. I mean, they're kind of valuable. I love them. No, I think it's giving like Angelina Jolie and Girl Interrupted. Is that it? Yeah. No, It is. It. Remind me of the little girl from Pulp Fiction. I Thought you were gonna say Monsters Inc. Like Who?


She's also not little girl. Oh yeah. Winona. No. Is that, Who's in pull picture? Uma Thurman. Uma Thurman. Yeah. I, you know, how do I mix them up? Always. Who Boo for Monsters Inc. And Uma Thurman. Yes. Is that not the craziest thing? But yeah. No, they're kind of a slay. I wanna go shorter. It's like a little microphone. I know you wanna micro You could pull it off 100%. I just, that's those things. Me all Of a sudden up in arms, somebody else's. Some people don't get it though. Here's The thing though, that, you know what scares me? That, and that's how I feel about a lot of things I want to do. Like bleach, brows. Even me being brunette, I genuinely feel Like I would have to be like tanned with makeup at all times. Like, would you like micro bangs off the wake up?


Hell no. You would have to style that every day. Yeah. And that's Like, I could never keep that up. One time I parted my hair with scissors by mistake. Brooke, Amber. What? And it did it, it like straight, like it gave me a little mohawk. Like one time I filled in my eyebrows with the chain salt. Like, what's up? Well it was like, it didn't seem, if it didn't seem like if I was not gonna do this, like why would it cut my hair? It does. You're welcome. Oh my God. Don't part your hair with the fucking kitchens. But I made like a little, a little mohawk on my head And I would wake up every morning And I would just be standing straight up. I feel like that's what would happen to me with my bangs. Well I know I was so scared. These shits were Gonna like, as someone who has micro banks, now that I think about it due to my, due to my bleaching kind of, they do stand straight up quite frequently.


Yeah. I'd have to like slick it down. Yeah. People are really up in arms that I won't go brunette. 'cause I'm like growing up my roots right now. And like, but do you ever, It would just be so good. It would be so Good. I have seen the fan edits on TikTok of like, you with brown hair kind of eats And it always, like whenever a blonde goes brunette, I'm like, oh my god, that's so Paige Lorenz just went brunette and she looks amazing. I'm like, not opposed to it. I think I'm gonna have a wig week where I try out different brown. You did that And you hated it and it was like, so you looked perfect. The only thing I will say, it's like you losing your blonde is like Ariana losing the ponytail. That's true. It's like, it's so like you and it's like the, the, we, we would stop having like such a, like a contrasting, contrasting dynamic.


I Just think it really is, even with the edits, Like I don't think I look bad brunette when I'm tan and glam. But I think that when I'm like just bopping around, like hair's sticking up, like whatever, like my blonde almost saves me. Do you know? That's the exact reason that I, I didn't wanna be blonde anymore because when I didn't have makeup on, but I also have like a different complexion than you. But I looked so washed out 'cause I was like, I was the opposite. I like looked better blonde without makeup. Really? Okay. Well this is, this is what I compare it to. Have you ever taken a photo standing in front of a white wall versus a black wall? Like you are standing against the white wall. You're gonna Like, I feel like you see every imperfection on your face and stuff against a black wall. Your eyes look like so bright and your skin looks perfect and everything.


Like that's what I feel about darker hair. It's Like I contrast, I'm only, I look mousy. I look like life sucked out the Red brown hair and makeup. But the reason, the reason that's true for me is 'cause I have like freckles and like I'm my, I'm low key like pink. I have like a gingery complexion. I'm very yellow. Just different. You would pale. I don't know, but like the black hair, hair. I thought you said me. I'm Oh no, no. But Also Like, I just know like, everybody know that I do know the difference between the color on my hands and the color and my face. Oh, That's, yeah. I just wanna talk about something really quick. I do have a tattoo on my hand that says Urby And I meant for it. And You know what, this is Paige's fault. Urby Because Paige And I, like Paige wanted to get tattoos one day randomly.


Were walking down the street in New York and she's like, let's stop inside this tattoo shop. She gets the most perfect f flawless, gorgeous crisp tattoo. And It just, it cancels out the big fat hunker on my back. And I get my first tattoo ever, which I should get. I decide to get on the most visible area of my Body. No, the red ink though is why I'm scared. Really? I love, I I do not regret anything about the red. No, but You just can't remove Redding. Oh, That's perfect. N be nervy Anyway. It says Ner nervy fully loaded. It Says urby and like, and, and what's, what's crazy about this? Sorry. Fully loaded. Just like what? My eyes.


Go ahead. Nervy fool. Lemme tell you what happened too. It's like this girl, the girl who did it was so nice and honestly I love it so much. It's perfect. But she, she told us after the fact, after she had, she had tattooed Murphy on me and Bebe. She told us, yeah, I'm still training. I'm an apprentice. No, that's diabol. Or I swung Her. That's something, that's something you need first of all, disclose after. If you're not gonna disclose it before you give me the tattoo, don't disclose it after. You know what I mean? Like that's just reckless. That is really, really, really, really, really, that's Like, I went Like this. I was like, but in and the moment I was like, oh for sure says Murphy under there. My guy Literally sat me down on the table, whipped out his iPad, put on Rick and Morty. I go, oh, I'm about to get the best tattoo in my life.


It was so loud too. I was like, what's going on in there? Meanwhile I'm like, yeah, that looks right. See like, no it doesn't. It's like one of those, it's kind of like Laurel or Yani. It's just, it was like all my comments too were like, girl, like it's Giving. That's not Quite right. And I was like, you guys are just a bunch of haters. And I'm looking at it. I'm like, fuck, there's looking out for you. It's giving gold dress, blue dress though. 'cause if I squint my left eye, I see Murphy. If I squint my right eye, I see Ner pulling. Anyway. I love my cats nervy and mouse. The Y is fading is just gonna be Nerf. I know Ner Ner. You could maybe have someone just like retrace that And I going to really put up System. I think I'm going to, but I just am afraid of making it like blown out.


But I honestly like what's worse, like having it just like barely visible and it says nervy. Or like having it be Dark. I've never gotten a good tattoo in my life. I'll tell you that much. Every single one of my tattoos is either A, not what I wanted or B, Like I wish someone actually dragged me out of the parlor by my scalp. I think going into it, you just have to like accept that though. But my, my first and only tattoo I'm ever gonna get in my entire life. So like Set your expectations low. Oh Man. Both of these tattoos for my dead people. I like really wanted to be thin like this. This one is by Romeo Lacoste. And imagine that too. I'm just like, he gives me the tattoo and then he gets so caught up And I'm like, oh, great. What Happened? What do you do?


I wanted it to be like almost as thin as your Murphy. Like a doodle of a four-leaf clover. Like done with a pen like thin. And then he gives me the Oh, he saved you up stamp. Like, and then it's like even just this. I wanted like a thin little, It's like filled in. Yeah. Yeah. Like are you fucking, like it literally looks like a fucking stalk image stamp of a fucking four leaf clover. Okay. That's a good point. At least mine's got some thin lines. Yeah. Like I can't pointing in The wrong direction. Right. Is it too late to talk about Zach Bryan? Like is it just dead and gone? It is because this episode comes out in three weeks probably. I just, can I make fun of him for one thing very quickly? Yeah. Wait, Did you see that? The What? That was horrifying. Oh, him on stage. Oh, my exes hate me and my friend's on that piss me off.


Yeah. Like, no, but imagine that dead ass like in a silent kitchen at night. Like that yell from that little fucking toad gremlin. I would be so scared. She should have dropped. Kicked him. She's tall. I just, wow. No abuse is never right. This UFC fighter named David Ohma went out to fight. And then after his fight, bris at this fight to talk about clear cognizance, right. Talk about coincidences. After his fight, they ask him like what he's so excited to do next. And he's like, I'm so excited to see Zach Bryan here in this arena. Right? And then he starts getting cooked online. 'cause it's like during all of this shit. Right? So then he comes out in an interview. Sorry, my lip is flipped. I'm not, I can't, my, my flipped lip doesn't allow me full.


I'm discouraged. He comes out in an interview and he says that Zach Bryan's team paid him to fucking say that after the fight. Let me, he's so messy. Like I include in the contract some sort of like non-disclosure, like he's fucking this up left and right, but honestly, so it's first of all so funny and so embarrassing How fucking embarrassing. Insane. But imagine being Brie and watching that clip from the podcast, him being like, well, yeah, you paid me to do it. I would be fucking cracking up Jack. No, I would jack off to that. But it's just like, how fucking embarrassing. Like you had your tea and like think it's like you need so much more than a UFC fighter saying that right now. You need like, like maybe a times square billboard.


Like, I don't even know. Like it's just like there's no marketing ploy that can help. And then getting caught up like that is just so fucking embarrassing that he's like, he's Like, I don't even know who that is. And then he says In the same podcast, he's Like, I love Morgan Wallen though. Woo. And knowing Zach Bryan's up in arms over Morgan Wall. You know What I ha what theory I had almost though, like, And I, I know I'm probably making this up, but how funny would this be if it, he actually like wasn't paid by Zach Bryan at all, but Dave Portnoy like gave him a bunch of money to say that. Oh, like to say that. That's amazing. That's yeah. That would Be because the Morgan Wallen thing, I'm like, Dave has to be behind this. That would be like genius level. It's Insane. That's what I would do if I had Dave Forno money. I would be doing shit like that. Like just the most petty things ever.


100%. Did you see me in DUIs? No. What? Paige had her big DUIs debut. Oh yes. Who is who? Who are you with? De Oh my gosh. Okay. De. Okay. So I went with my roommate Olivia. Right. And Thomas, their old tour manager was like, I'm gonna be, I love two camera. I just had to clarify for the people. He's Like, I'm gonna be on tour with Declan McKenna who's opening for Sabrina. So if you guys want to come to the concert, let me know. I'll get you tickets. I can't believe I didn't take advantage of that. Well, I thought he was like just being nice. I thought it was one of those things like, oh my God. Yeah, totally. And then I was like, you know what? Fuck it. Like let me text him, see what it's what it's about. I texted him the day before I went And I was like, Hey, can I get tickets?


And he was like, absolutely. Pick them up at will call tomorrow. You're all set. I'm like, fuck yeah. Amazing. He gave me two tickets. I was gonna bring t And then she's like, not the biggest carpenter. No, that is not what happened at all in Home Depot. I love Sabrina Carpenter literally so much. Jesus was The carpenter. Yeah. But tell me why. My defense almost makes me sound worse. I'm Like, I just didn't want to get mobbed. Yes. Course no real. I'm like, but James Charles was there. Was he there Amongst the, the Normies? Oh damn. I don't know. Just every time I go to a concert I feel Like I need to bring security. People do weird shit to me anyway. I feel like Everybody's dressed up as Sabrina. I feel like you could've honestly just slate it. Like all you had to do was put a bang on and everyone, oh my God, I have a Juno outfit. I wanted to go bad too.


I really, I thought you were saying like, have you ever Oh, take someone who like appreciates it more? No, my social battery was just on zero. And Like, I don't like going in a place where I'm, I know I might meet a lot of people who support me And I can't like give them, Okay, fair, fair. Sorry. Scratch that. Tana is a carpenter. I'm a Carpenter. I'm a Carpenter. So Huge carpenter actually. Oh, what? What's Your favorite? Have you ever tried this one? Huge Carpenter. Well What do you, what do you want me to do? It's this one. She got in trouble for this one. Wait. Oh yeah, that one's crazy. Can you Do your baby crack thing really quick? No. Oh yeah. Your baby freeze. Please. Please will do it for the podcast one time. Maybe. Can't see it.


There's nowhere I can go there. They can see it right Here. I'll move the couch. I'm like, have you ever tried this one? That's insane. That made up for every time you wouldn't bark. That's insane. That made up for every time you wouldn't bark. Thank You. Fuck. I wish I could do that. Okay. Anyways. Anyways. Oh My gosh. Okay, so Anyw, who Thomas is like, yeah, get your tickets tomorrow, da da da. I bring Olivia because Tana doesn't go. So we get there, we go to, will call, pick up our tickets and they're in an envelope. We open the envelope and there's a guest pass all access this, that and the other in a Kia Forum Club Pass Love. I'm like, oh my goodness. The Forum Club Pass.


I love the Forum Club. Had I known that, I probably would've gone. Oh yeah, yeah. I can't imagine the people who were in the forum club at, at Sabrina. Oh, I'll get there, sister. Oh perfect. So I text Thomas, I'm like, oh my God, Thank you so much. This is insane. Blah, blah, blah. I'm like, where are you? Like, we're in this section. Come meet up with us. So he comes, he says hi. He's like, yeah, you guys are all, if you wanted to go backstage, you literally could. You would just have to come with me. I'm like, what the fuck? Crazy. I hate myself. But he was like, no. Right, right. Same. So He was like, but most importantly, after the show, you have to come to the Forum Club because like that's where everyone goes after t So me, Olivia, sit work. So Me, Olivia, sit, watch the whole show. I fucking love that little Polly pocket.


She's, she's so, So cute and so small. I, oh my God, she's perfect. So like literal, cute aggression. Yeah. I literally just said, I wanna kick her down the street. I don't even know where that came from. I just love her. So, no, I was gonna say, I wanna put her as an air freshener in the car. Like, it's like what? Literally put her in my fucking shoe. So her show ends, me and Olivia go to the club form club and we're sitting there at the bar, we get a glass of wine and Olivia goes, Paige don't look right now, but right behind you is John Mayer. I would literally shit myself. I'm not kidding. I go, you're joking, you're joking. She goes, no, I'm not kidding. Three feet behind you is John Mayer. Gravity is working. I'm not kidding.


I go like this. He's from me to that camera stand. I'm like freaking out internally. I'm like, oh my God, I need this man. Sorry Taylor. Dear John is off the table In this moment. I was just gonna ask you how you're getting away with this as a Swifty Taylor, I love you girl. But like, let's be so fucking serious for three seconds. You know, that shit tastes Like I honestly, I went and saw him last year for his solo tour. I know. It tastes like an Oreo McFlurry. Thank you. I know it tastes like an Oreo fucking McFlurry. So what his dick? Yeah. You know. So I'm like over here conspiring. I'm like, oh my God. Olivia's like, we have to say something. I'm like, no we don't. No we don't. I had like the Chelsea handler moment. She's like, we have to go up and say hi.


I'm like, No, he's another one that I would probably never approach just 'cause he'd be Like, I, I'm not kidding. He's like, no, he's nice. Like, okay, word no. But like, that's embarrassing. 'cause then he would never have sex with me. I thought you were gonna go down a different path. I don't wanna have sex with Chelsea Handler continue. But he's like, actually yes I do. He'd Be like, okay, this weird fucking fan. No, I have to play it cool. I have to be like, you know, mystery girl. So anyway, me and Olivia like waltz around the Forum Club we're like getting drinks, blah, blah, blah. Kara de Levine's in there. A bunch of people Like, I don't know, actors and actresses. Like, I'm not familiar with like in Vampire Diaries and what have you. So, so Olivia And I circle back, we're like, we have to see John again. We walk over, he's gone to my dismay. I am like, Jesus fucking Christ.


I'm like, there's nothing left here for us. Right? So we're walking out, nothing left To live for At all. So we're walking out and like, as we're walking out of like the side exit, this guy and like this girl cut in front of us and they're like walking up the stairs. As soon as we opened up the doors and go outside, it's flashes galore. Just flashes going off. And I, my God, oh my God, were you just mo like that's Immediate. That's the like ama the best trope back of a paparazzi shot, like slaying. But I didn't think anything of it because Like, I didn't even think we were in the shot. Like, I thought we were like far enough away from this guy that like, we weren't even in it. So this guy's getting popped. Me and Olivia are walking back to my car and I'm like, oh my God. We should have done like Kim Kardashian style. Like we should have left At the same time John Mayer left, like we should have been in the background of a fucking paparazzi picture.


Oh. Like when she made it look like she was at Britney's hotel Room. Yes, yes. I was like, that's some shit Kim K would've done. I'm like, god dammit. We could have been like in the background of one of those pictures. Oh wow. Oh, I would've a hundred percent done that. And then I would've never addressed it on the podcast and just let everybody think I was dating John Mayer. I'm embarrassing. So here I am. Oh, so Me. No Mia. Fuck. So I'm not kidding. I go to sleep that night. I wake up in the morning to like a grillion tags on Instagram of Paige and Duo. And I'm like, what the fuck? I, I open it up. I'm scrolling, scrolling, scrolling. I'm the last picture. I'm in the background of the paparazzi picture. Wait, who was It? No one that I know. Okay. It wasn't John, but I look, But he's hot. He's so fucking hot. Yeah. I Wonder who it was. But I love that.


I love DUIs. One time they wrote about me And I Like, I wanted to like literally leak that it was about me because I was Like, I was just so excited about it and they were so Right. But it was so cute too. 'cause like all the, like our little fans were in the comments going the star among the stars, like tagging me. I was like, Wait. Oh cute. Wait, that people were eating you up for the merch shoot too. It was insane. I Like, I felt like an evil mastermind like in the day of I knew that would happen. And then seeing everyone, like eating you up for it. It was just, you ate down though. Like those photos of you are so sickening. Oh, soft. Paige won't post them unless I pay her. You shouldn't. No, I don't. Well She brought it up. She was like, stand your ground. She goes, what if I pay you to post as a deal? And then she retracted. She goes, actually nevermind. But I, I do wanna give her code page and then just see like, Yeah, see, see what kind of sales you get.


I was Like, imagine just like 200 bucks. Oh imagine I just buy a bunch with code. Page it Back to way. Then obviously give her the discount that code page brings, you know, it's a, that would be a good, Oh yeah. See I was saying Like, I, I was gonna make her look good by buying a bunch of shares with I With code page, but then the money just comes back to me. Anyway, Wait, that's kind of, I'm not gonna lie. Amazing. Putting Money into is on sale, by the way. Just letting you guys know and it's so And so amazing. And Sabrina Carpenter wore it. I saw her. It's so cute. And the only reason why I'm not wearing it is because it's sold out. Whoa. You ate with that. It's totally not go by it. Just Really quickly, I wanna give everybody the boob job update that they, they did not ask for at all in any way, shape or form.


I was wondering. Yeah, I also was Wondering, my implants, first of all, so happy with them. They are slang. I love them. They're huge. And I got to see them a bunch during our merch shape. And honestly, a lot of people, well actually just a lot of comments that are like, they're huge. They don't fit our body. I never went for something that was gonna fit my body. That was never my intent. I wanted fucking knockers And I got them And I love them. But I just found out because they're under the muscle. I, I don't know what possessed me to do some pushups in front of the mirror the other day. Oh, that's so weird. Was it like weird thing to be doing funny? They go Literally behind me. Like both of them. Just separate all the Way. I have to see, Like, I fear you're gonna have to do a naked push above my house.


It's so Crazy. You know, like the SpongeBob Squarepants movie where like David Hasselhoff is in the water and his pecs go like this and separate. That's the thing too. I can like flex them and they like go like apart. And I was having such a hard time not doing it. Like I was taking photos the other night or at the gladiator premiere And I had my like, it was so cold. So I was like shivering and my boobs were just like, That boob drops scare me so much. It's the only plastic surgery that scares me. 'cause like the implant You Oh. But I'm so happy. I just have these big boobs on you. Speaking of plastic surgery. And I know we have a divided nation here and you are on the right side of history. I was so excited. I thought you were gonna say like, speaking of movies, wicked. Oh man, we can do That. Oh my Oz, no, I Wanna hear, I wanna hear, I want whatever the Fuck.


Lindsay Lohan. Lindsay Lohan is smoking. Oh, I want that pack. I want it. So there's bad, there's there's so Much talk about like what it could possibly be. I'm Like, I sometimes I'm like, is she just hydrated all of a sudden? Like What? No, it's the substance. No, no, no. I, I also saw, I think she got a lip lift. Right. You know when they like make a little cut right here and they like lift your lip up again a little. It's both s fabulous. It's for sure I Need a bluff so bad an upper bluff so bad. And I'm gonna get that like tomorrow and everybody just mind business when I have stitches on my face. Shut up. Wait, what's the bluff? Do Like, you know, you don't need it. You would never need it 'cause you have so much eyelid. But notice how I have like, Like I all this eyelid fat And I have no like, Is it up here upper Bluff?


This like, you take off. She looks so Good. This like, this extra like fat of your eyelid. Oh, And the fat under your Eye. But you don't have fat there. You Say am like, look this like if I look this way, you can't, I could, could never do a winged eyeliner. 'cause my eyes like overlap Lower bl is for any loose skin here and then like a facelift obviously. Yeah. I, yo I'm a dropout. But give me something like this And I am putting my fucking Foot That's crazy. Into the research. Doesn't look like her. I saw a video of her the other Day. Day. But jail does look like her though. She like, looks a amazing, looks like it. It doesn't look like she got a bunch of plastic like her. It looks Baby Lindsay Lohan. It, it looks like when she was 21 Chase Stein from Minne Chaga High School. What, what? I know some girl I went to school with.


Oh. Oh my god. It looks so good. Yeah. I think she's just looks, Her and Christina Aguilera had to have gone to the same doctor. I'm trying so hard to find what doctor it is. And I, Hannah Marie, You are so gorgeous. You don't need anything. But I just, I Yeah, you're Being ridiculous. You know, that's everybody. Ridiculous. You know, everyone sees new Christina Aguilera and thinks it's you. Yeah. I, my nasal labial folds Oh no. Are going. And you know, I talk about this all the fucking time. Shoot. She does. Can I tell you something really quick before I'm, I'm sorry to cut you off, but when I was in seventh grade, I never ever was insecure about my body until this girl around me kept calling herself fat. And now I didn't even know what a nasal labial fold was until she started saying it. And now all of a sudden I'm self-conscious about my nasal labial fold.


Don't what the fuck even is that Don't have, it's like your smile lines essentially. But some people's fat like moves here, migrated, filler, whatever. I'm telling you, when views get really fucking low, I'm writing it off as a fucking tax write off. And I am hiding mon tagging the house down boots. I am coming back. Substance fucking galore with a new face. I'm sorry. You are literally Like stunning if you touched your, your face at man. Stunning. I'm Not, it's not even that. I don't think I'm so stunning. So then what I just, it Like, I I thought Lindsay Ian was stunning before, you know what I mean? I think I'm stunning now. But that shit is next. Fucking I need it.


I need it. I it's so good. You have such a beautiful little face and you shouldn't touch it Will you do maintain your character, But I will support you in anything that You do. Maintain my care. I got surgery, I'll keep these fucking bottom teeth little yellow till the day I die. I will continue to say awful things like he fucked me with a toothbrush. But if you see my nasal labial folds lifted to mercury mind your own business, I, and I've been wanting whatever this is and now seeing it everywhere. Like I, you know, I can't shut the fuck up about My nasal lab. It really is all she talks about. I've never ever looked at your face and thought like, oh, that's that little whatever that is. Like, I don't even know what you're talking about on your face. Yeah. I've never once been like, oh my God, her nasal labial folds are, Well I just want nasal labial.


Ah, no more folds. And I can't lie to you guys. I'm gonna smoke whatever the fuck Christina and Lindsay smoke. Wait, so You want that to just be Flat? I, yeah. I want Look, look at this. Look at this. And you can, I don't, you can lie to me all the fuck you want. Okay. My mind is made the fuck up. No, she's done this and there is a difference. Okay. Okay. Well I want the viewers to see too. I Mean, I mean, let's ask the audience. You got me there. Wait. Like, Like I, you don't Need it. And no one one would ever notice that. No, But see, I got you there. I want it. I need it. I can't, I started noticing like the little puppet, I started getting like the puppet line.


You guys Are So self-critical. I know. We're being ridiculous and we're being a really bad influence on our, on Our audience. No, And I recognize that I'm so dysmorphic, but here's what I'm going to say. Like, my life, like my entire 16, 17 years before I got my nose job, every single time I turned to the side, it was what I was thinking about. I got a nose job and it put those thoughts to bed And I am now sh like I'm just a completely different person. I was so much more confident immediately after they put that hammer on it. Right? And I'm not saying that anyone should go out and get plastic surgeries like their NTI ice latte. And I think that it is such a personal decision. I don't think there's a blanket statement. You know what I mean? I don't think, I think it is better to be against them and embrace who you are and be unique and not feed into the beauty standard obsession and societal obsession and whatever.


But I also think that if something consumes you and you want to change it, that you live one fucking life. That you live one life. And like it can be fun to do those things. And then it's also like Fun, fun. I get what you're saying. I I completely get what you're saying. I, I felt the same way about my arms. Like it was something I was so self-conscious about and like maybe nobody else would notice it. But for me it made me feel so much better that I just, like that's, I get, I get it If it's like, if you get one or two procedures done, it's something that like really is plaguing you and bothering you and it's gonna change your life for the better. I understand. But when it's like Christina Aguilera level where it's like, who the fuck is that? But I'm like, whoa. But she looks so slay. But she always has looked amazing.


Like I, when Your whole job is also based on getting paid, like she's, they both will now probably book 10 times more rules. And that's fucked Up to say. I know. But like, that's the whole thing. I think I'm kind of against doing all of that because women should be able to age gracefully. Sometimes I look at at people though, And I'm like, but then I'm about to give the worst example ever. I'm like, sometimes I love it when people age gracefully. And then I was gonna use Angelina Jolie example. Pamela Anderson. And I'm Like, I, it's just not comparable. Yeah. It's just, I don't know. I Agree. I think that if I was a bookkeeper I probably wouldn't as much be as, you know what I mean?


But Like, I don't know. Well, It's hard too when so many people are like critical. Like, not to make it like dark, but Like I, how many people are Like, I commenting on, on how we look on the internet For like ass kissing. That's been my, one of the week. Everyone's saying I'm such an ass kisser and like that I'm just, And I kind of am. I actually have to like, it's hard to differentiate 'cause it's like we will have people on that I'm not like close with And I'm just gassing them. But I just love to gas people up. I really do. Yeah. That's not a bad, that's not a crime. And but also Like I do understand that then when I'm gassing up, people I love that are close to me. It loses Yeah. It holds less weight. And I can understand people like saying that, but I just like love to, I don't know.


Trust me, there's, You'll show you affection. Yeah. That's not, that's The words of Affirmation thing they're saying about you this week. You're slang. I'm, I'm just so words of affirmation coded. It's my love language And I always wanna make people feel special. Yeah. But here I am. You are so good at that. I wish that's like my number one thing I would wish I was better at is 'cause Like, I, I dunno why I sometimes feel weird, like, like giving people words of affirmation. I even, it's been like, just like everyone keeps coming at me for like the way I talk to Tricia. But it's like, I've said this off camera a lot too. I feel like even Tricia with like the live shows, how she was living under this genuine belief that she couldn't sell out a live show. It was eating away at me because it's Like, I wish that you saw you the way that like your fans do and people who love and adore you and just like, what, you know what I mean?


Like, so I do always gas her up more. Yeah. But it's like so many of those people saying that I do that would also do that if they had the chance for someone that they love. You know? I also Think it's sweet and we were saying this like a few days ago, but I, I'm starting to like do this thing where if I have a positive thought about someone, I'm not gonna like hold it in anymore. Like I'm gonna tell them. And I think also think it's nice to like be on the receiving end and hear that. Me too. I remember I had a girl come at me in high school for it. She was like, you're literally, you kiss up to every single person. Like you're always like complimenting people. Like, and I'm like, what the fuck is wrong with saying nice things to people? Like, just like, things like, oh my god, your, your hair's amazing. Or like, your body's amazing. Or something like, and I'm So like that off camera.


I think that's the thing is like that people maybe don't realize is like, like even just if I'm checking out somewhere, if I like something on the person checking me out, whether it's something they're wearing their nail, they're Yeah. I'm going to tell them. I think that, 'cause I can just remember so many times in my life where people have said things to me and Like I carried that positive compliment with me and maybe it was the only one that I received. Or maybe it just, you know what I mean? Same. And it's like I'm never gonna fucking stop doing that. And I, it is crazy that now that's like a thing. Well Yeah, there, there's just no harm in giving someone a compliment or just like saying how you feel if it's positive. And I, and It's also like, people have seen me so many times, like if I hate a bitch Yeah. Standing on coming at their neck. So it's like, you know, I just, I stand on how, what I believe, but I do think that I, I can teeter the line of that.


Like when we have, when I go on people's podcasts or have guests and it's like, you don't know this person. You are just kissing their ass. But I just want to make people feel comfortable. And I think if someone is good at something, they should know. I think if someone, there Are much worse qualities to have. I think you, you should keep it moving and, and keep doing it. I love It. I'm like, keep ass kiss it. No, I'm kidding, Right? I like it. It is cute. Fuck. That wasn't my topic. Kraft Mac and cheesecake was my other topic. Yeah. What's that mean? They released a gluten-free Easy Mac. Okay. Okay. The cup in the cups. And I've been getting it. I love it. I think it's so similar to Kraft Mac and cheese, but it's gluten-free. I love intaking less gluten. Right. Always have, but I don't do it enough. Whatever. Apparently a lot of people have been getting them without the cheese packets, just the cups.


Oh, I'd be Furious. Oh, so it's literally just water and mac. Yes. No cheese. Yeah. Like no cheese. And this girl comes online saying, I bought it. There's no cheese. And then she keeps going to other stores and buying it and keeps skinning ones with no cheese. Weren't that sad. But then craft comments on her TikTok gaslighting the shit out of her. Like, we see no problems over here. No. And like their, their TikTok bio is so funny. Hold on. I forget what it was. So they're just craft standing on Business mean like, what do you mean craft? You had the one opportunity to like send her a bunch and like, and They're just like funny. Have A positive PR move. Like someone over there. That's Crazy. I'm trying to see if they changed their bio. I cried there. The other Bio is vibes and cheese and everyone's cooking them.


Like just vibes. Just vibes now. Like I got mac and cheese or I mean McDonald's pancakes the other day and they didn't gimme butter or syrup. And I, I actually cried that And I was like, what am I supposed to do with these? Right. You know what the worst thing in the world is? Oh my fucking God. Every time I order like a Chipotle burrito bowl And I put add utensils And I don't get the fucking black plastic fork, it's good for nothing. Same thing with Panda Express. If I have to eat Panda Express with a metal fork, it doesn't taste like Panda Express. And I really mean that. I really fucking mean that. There's, there's just something so like amazing about like the Chipotle plastic fork and I'm just really sad every time I don't get it. That's, You know what, what I hate. I need to delete, you Know, eats, Oh, I'm sorry. I was gonna, I was just gonna start beef with Chipotle or do you Mind? Go ahead. No, start your beef with Chipotle.


Fuck you Chipotle. Whoa. Okay. I'm just kidding. I love Chipotle. Literal literally more than life, but I stopped. I'm boycotting and they're really suffering because of how much I'm not ordering Chipotle. What'd they do, girl? Because they will not, you cannot order a side of salad dressing on Postmates or any food delivery apps. I join you, I join you in this movement. Oh my God. Oh, Chipotle. Love the vinegarette. I'm Nagging the vinegarette. Oh, I would do anything. And like, the thing is, I sometimes, Like I, I've tried to order a salad with no lettuce because it's Like, I want a burrito bowl with the salad dressing. Like, just let me, or I'll pay $11 for it, Brooke. I have, oh my gosh, I have a picture in my phone.


I'll fucking insert it literally on instead of my name on the order. I go, please add vinaigrette. Like every single addition I could have made on the app, I'm going please add vinegarette. I always, always Like, I you have to time it out perfectly. Right. Because it has to like, you have to be assigned a driver and they have to literally physically be in the restaurant and then you have to message them and say, please, I'm begging I'll do anything. Get two sides of vinegarette and sometimes forget it. Can you Bottles of it? No, because it's like, it's definitely made like that day, like inhouse. It's so fresh. It's so delicious. That Is ass. That's like really ass. But It's like, it's like you guys would make so much more money if you just like, Like I would buy so much of it. I'm just, I need to stop Uber ea in general, like I'm really teetering the line of needing to delete the app because it's like, dude, last night I hit this joint And I think it's gonna be a regular joint And I smoke the cancer pack.


I'm high as balls, having existential conversations with myself in my head I'm like apologizing to koa for breathing Too loud. Like it's just weird shit. And I'm obsessed with this new place. You guys have to try it. It's called Junior Cookies and it's, Oh, I saw your review. Love that. I didn't like it at first, and then I, I kept ordering it again to delete the app, so fuck crumble. And I think there's so much better than crumble. The flavors are just insane. Like Kit Kat tiramisu, Oreo cheesecake, creme brulee flavor creme brulee is my favorite dessert. I love, I'm lagging my tail. I love that. You can bang it. No, they have a raspberry lemon, like cheesecake one. Ooh, they're insane. And they're mini. We'll get, but it's like fucking $40 for like eight mini cookies.


It's insane. But yesterday I opened up, I don't even want them. But do you know when you click something and it says like, one minute until closing? I ordered these eight cookies for $40 in less than 30 seconds. Eight cookies, $40 less than 30 seconds. The second I order them, I get less high. 10 minutes later, I'm Like, I didn't need those. I ate all eight cookies. Didn't even share them with Maco. Didn't even share them with Maa. Aw, poor thing. Couldn't say bless you to Chelsea Handler. You Were literally BoJack with the apple fritters. I just, I I seriously need to delete that fucking app. Like the fact that I can just have like BIA tacos at 3:00 AM in 15 minutes or less is some fucked up shit.


It's really probably one of the, like, it's the most amazing and the worst thing that's ever happened in the last like five years. No, it really, I ordered Them so fast I didn't even tip. And I'm like, so I, I hate admitting her. Oh. Oh my God. Did you know, did you see what was going on though? There, like, the whole city was gridlocked last night And I felt so bad. I ordered, I wanted to Have, oh my God, don't tell me this night. No. I wanted to have Jamaican cookies last, or not Jamaican cookies, Jamaican food last night. Like, 'cause I was so excited. I had just watched a like whole documentary on it. So I was Like, I have to order Jamaican food. I called around, asked everybody what the best Jamaican food was in town, and it was like this place on like Crenshaw, which was Like, I love far from my house around. I did. And I ordered it. I ordered beefcakes, I ordered like all, all these like, exciting things. And I was so excited for, and for whatever reason there was the 92nd annual, which by the way, I, I thought it was the 92nd annual or holiday parade in Hollywood.


Okay. I thought they meant like it was 90 seconds long. Like it was a quick little 90 Seconds Brook. It was a quick parade and it took, it took the whole fucking night. So every single street around my apartment was closed off. So, so this Jamaican food came 40 minutes across town, except it actually took two hours. Wow. And when the guy first, his little photo, you know how sometimes they use like, photos that aren't actually them? This was like the cutest little old man in his photo. And I was feeling so guilty. I'm Like, I cannot believe this guy's, like, has been, has spent the last two hours of his life delivering this one order. Okay. And when he finally gets upstairs to my apartment, he says that his car is four blocks away and he had to park four blocks away and walk.


So I, I You better have tip $50. I, I tipped him a hundred dollars. Oh, okay. Like, okay, well why did she have to say that after I said I forgot to tip, like, oh my God. I'm Like, I take so much pride in tipping. Well, because I think it's like Uber. Each drivers live off of tips. And my fat ass was so stoned that I was going so fast to get outta the one minute thing that I didn't tip and it ate me off. You can go in, you can go in after and and tip them again. Like now you could do it right now. Wait, yeah. Oh, you can do it right now. That makes me so happy. I'm literally doing it right now. Like, I, I, it was keeping me up all night. I didn't Fucking, I Really have to like, get something off my chest. That's so fucking embarrassing. Speaking of like cookies and crumble and whatnot, I had like, you can tell I had like a crumble problem. Like, Fuck you.


I had like a little bit of a crumble issue going on, but like, I'm not kidding. It was like every week the new flavors would come out. I'm Like, I gotta fucking try them. Obviously. Course it got to the point where I Like, I Like, I would get so embarrassed. Wait, what? I tried to Change my tip and something went wrong. No. Aw man. I would get so embarrassed. I like, I'm so sorry. I would like, sorry, make it like a thinking of you like grumble orders. Like So that they didn't think you were just ordering All Not funny roommates would see it. I'm Like, I don't know. Tori sent me cookies again. Like, like That's the funniest thing I've actually Ever heard of you. Now I'm gonna send you crumble cookies. Happy birthday. No embarra Secret admirer.


Like four page. And it's like from page two page, like, okay. What's your favorite crumble cookie? Oh my God. The pink, the og Pink. Oh my God. When Kylie Jenner did her crumble, crumble, collab, that was the first time I ever tried it. And I, it like, it was so good, but it was like they had delivered them separately. And so every time I've tried to recreate that experience by trying to order crumble again and then dryer, it's never the same. It's like Kylie herself fucking like, put her foot into those cookies. Damn. Now I want cookies. I'm trying. I'm really like, it happens when you stop drinking though. You like crave sugar. Oh, I don't know why that is, but I'm just like, so sugar. I, I was eating creme brulee off my chest all five days this week. Like resorts world, having 24 hour room service, I couldn't stop.


So dangerous. I need to like, maybe have more electrolytes or something. Yeah. Well I, I feel Like I'm always craving something salty. Mm. Unfortunately I have like the world's biggest sweet tooth. Ugh. I need to stop. You need a Don't, it's, it's someone, someone told me yesterday, it's like, like, Like I said, like, should I choose the happy option or the healthy option? And they said the happy option is the healthy option. Oh. But I've had way too many happy options. Oh, suck. Okay. Well, nevermind. Forget what I said. No. Like, that's beautiful. But like, I'm so sorry. Like, kale is not the happy option. No, I'm saying the ha the happy option. Like I, it's healthier to choose the happy option. Like, like choose what the grosser choose the grosser thing because it's better to be happy than to be healthy. Oh, I'm so glass half full.


I thought it was like an almond mom saying like, the happy option is the healthy option. Oh No. Oh No. It's like choose the pizza. Yeah. Oh my God. Okay. I also just wanna go back on my like Lindsay Lohan conversation really quick and just say that like, clearly I'm fucked up in the head, dude. Like, just really Like, I, that is not blanket advice to anybody else. Like, I'm just, I'm letting the people honestly know that Like, I am looking into it. I'm gonna wait some time. Like I don't think at 26 I sleep on it. Listen, ultimately it's do what makes you happy. I just think it's sad that there's like a beauty standard that's set in place now that women think they have to like, attain by doing like 20 plus surgeries. I Agree. Which is sad.


I think if we all just stop them, it's like, no. What About like four? Yeah. We can rock a four. Yeah. Sometimes people say like, oh, you'll get carried away and you'll never be able to stop. But I like, I'm Like, I slay Like I, I did exactly what I needed to do And I could, I could be content forever until Of course my upper blepharoplasty. Fucking hell. Should we move on over to the Patreon? Yeah. We're cooking. Yeah. But we love you guys so fucking much. I mean, we love you love guys and Paige, we love you so much. I missed having you on this couch. Oh, I love you guys. It's good to be back. It's, I am I'm in a place where like our guest I think are only gonna be close friends or just maybe comedians moving forward. Like, I just think that we're not interviewers And I need to remember that. Like, not that it's not fun to interview people, but I just vibe it.


I'm, it's so Easy to just like chop it up about bullshit, about crumble cookies and Upper bluffs. We Love you guys so much. I hope you're having a happy holidays. Thank you to everybody who bought The merchant is supporting us. It just like is so, so, so sweet. And we love you guys. Yeah. I don't know. That's it. Thank you. We love you. Love you guys. Bye. Chelsea Handler. I love you.