
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Juba looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at chumba casino com. Pgw group. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus.


Hello And welcome back to Cancelled podcast. Sorry if I look Like I'm in a biker gang right now, you Guys. Yeah, we again, I'm getting hazed over here. Never can coordinate vibes, but I kind of love it. It's, well, the thing is, is this Beanie is not a short sleeve t-shirt beanie. There's no such thing as a short sleeve t-shirt beanie. It's, well, it's just like Can like That's so wrong. You can wear anything with anything really. And you do you you do it. I've seen it. I just felt Like I had to like commit to the look and throw on a jacket. I love Mom, maybe you look amazing. And Emo Night is tonight at The Palladium. So honestly you can go, I used to love Emo night so much. Do you remember that Literally the second time we ever hung out?


Like just you And I Or like Yeah, it was at emo night. Mm. But like you were like, come to Emo night please. I forget which boyfriend you were with at the time. It could have been like, honestly a few of them. I was really dating the emo night roster for too long. You were, And I showed up to like you. You were like Come to Emo night. Come to emo night And I got to emo night. You disappeared. Like literally went ghost. I was Emo Night. I had to hand pick through every emo person to find you. And what a time it was. You Were just looking for emo boots size 14 in the Crown. Yes. Was it? So then was I there? Did we moment And Honestly it looked exactly like you do now. The leather jacket beanie combo. Well the beanie with anything. It's so funny to me how often I wore a black beanie with a slutty outfit.


Like it's like your head is cold and your body is not No, that was like, that was the era that I met you in. It was like you were T like 2021, like fish net. It was always Beanie Beanie and fish nets. Like you are so confused. You are so confusing In my opinion. I honestly don't even think that's that weird because that's like co, you know what I mean? Like it's too cold for fishnets. So I have a beanie That's at least like my head was warm, nothing else was warm. Yes. Cheeks my favorite little leather micro shorts and micro shorts weren't even in. You were ahead of the curve. I was ahead of the curve. Hey, hey I have the giggles and I'm trying to dial them back right now and think about what we should talk about. I have some topics.


I'm trying to decide where to start. I've just been hopped up on painkillers and different things. I got as shots two days ago. Yes You did. Can you tell me about the experience? Well the thing is, okay, so sometimes I forget Paige is my assistant. Right? Like I really fucking do. And it's Like I was talking to her in the car one day, just not like thinking about it in the an assistant way. I was like, God, I need as shots. I saw this live photo of my ass where shit was just bouncing in 2021. Voluptuous massive. And right now I'm smoking the Hank Hill pack. Like my ass is so fucking flat. And I was born with a flat ass, you know what I mean? Me too. So it takes me back to my genetics and it's like I've worked so hard to get so far away from that girl.


You Know, you've rejected those for so long you cannot stop now. Exactly. And so I was like just saying like, God, I wanna get as shots, but I wasn't like, you know what I mean? It's like God I wanna get a pony. I wasn't like Okay. Yeah. And then like a pony. Yeah. Yes. And then the pony showed up. So then a couple days later I was telling her, I was Like, I need to go to the med spa. And I meant for like Botox and a lip flip. Very different from as shots. Okay. You can go in and get Botox and a lip flip like a latte. Right. Pick it up in and out as shots is a whole thing. You've gotta take a sedative before most people do laughing gas. And then you're like out for the count, bruised up, you can't walk, whatever. Right. I Can't believe you put yourself through that of all people. 'cause I feel like you do not like to do that. Like she like that My need to not have a micro pancake ass is Greater than Supersedes all logic.


All everything, whatever. So anyways, what I get injected in my ass Sculptra makes your own ass grow. It makes your collagen regenerate. They have to like mix it and prepare it. Okay. Like on some like the power puff girls, what's the guy, Why was I gonna say that? Like making his little thing in the beginning. Yep. Sugar spice, everything. Nice sculpture. They have to mix it up and make it. And once they prepare the solution, it has a 15 day shelf life and then it's expired. Which is really concerning. It's getting injected in me, but then it, I'll take Whatever the whatever's past due. Right. That's, you know what I mean? Expensive. So I show up for my Botox midday. I have Hawk Tua after like I'm not prepared to be out for the count.


Did you go to Tua after? Oh Okay. No, this was like a week and a half ago. And the new name was like, are you ready for your as shots? And I was like, no, I would have 17 people with me to hold all of my orifices. I would be so sedated. Like I can't do this today. And she was like, okay, well you have like seven days to do it before it goes bad. They're also like $10,000 worth of shit. Like I'm not gonna put mama nun out like that. Right. Yeah. So now I'm in this bind where I'm like moving and doing all this shit, but I have to get these ass shots. There's Just no other choice. So I had to go get them against my own will a couple days ago. And they batted me like a Turkey. I honestly want the people to see I'm at the jingle ball And I receive a video like something I've never seen before.


It's honestly, it's so funny too. 'cause I thought I was gonna literally go to the jingle ball and meet you there after my ass shots. It's like you've never done it before. The thing is, is I used to snap back like a rubber band. I'm telling you this is age. Like I remember this one time I got juiced and pumped up like a Turkey And I went directly on a jet to Miami And I was in 11 that night. Brand new as shots, leaking out, shaking ass with the strippers. Like it used to not. But now I'm like, it's age. It is, it is 100%. Maybe it's a time of year or two. I feel like everything's harder this time of year. The needle like, like my skin. Like resisting the needle. No, I can't. I'm not kidding. I couldn't even hardly watch it. I'm like, I'm, I have a really sensitive stomach these days. It's like hard for me to see things.


I saw something gory earlier today And I actually threw up. Oh my God, it's so scary. I need to insert it so that people know that I'm clinically insane. It's so scary too. 'cause I always bring a lot of people with me to like support me through it. And like watching their faces while it's happening is like, oh my god, this, Oh, that's almost more traumatizing than anything. Like I have a, I have a procedure coming up tomorrow. Yeah. And who's my emotional support person? Brooke Baldwin who happens to be getting her wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning. That's like Brooke Baldwin. That's Crazy that you both are going through that. I know. And Like, I almost didn't schedule well 'cause it's like when I, they said I had to schedule, it was Like I, it made me feel Like I had to schedule it like immediately.


So then the only day that they had was December 9th or December 27th. And I'm Like, I can't go on December 27th. So I had to go on bus bebe's wisdom teeth day. But then I had to move the appointment so that I can take her to her wisdom teeth. And then so Who's do you need me to come help your puss Out? Well, here's the other thing. Yeah. It's Like I, my legs are in the stirrups, but so it's Like, I don't, there's not a lot of people that I really like think would enjoy the experience, but it's supposed to be so traumatic. TANA. So, so I Wanna bring the people back to last week when I said everybody should be getting a pap smear and it's so easy. I was like, because you know, people say pap smears are like super traumatic. And I was like expecting that. So I like put it off. I hate when I get those every week.


Yes. I put it off for like genuinely just like way too long. And I'm 28 years old and just got my first one. And so I go and get my pap smear and it was easy peasy. Okay. Yeah. You made it seem like it was like ear waxed. It Was. I didn't even tip didn't even, I hardly even noticed that it was happening. I literally, And I was completely fine. Like no pain meds, nothing obviously. And so I came on here And I told the people, well immediately after that I get my abnormal results back. Okay. And now I have to get what is called a coloscopy, which is not to be confused with a colonoscopy, which is what I've been running around telling everybody all week. And I'm getting, but basically when you Google it, it says that they are gonna put just like a camera up there.


Okay. And they're like, like that's what They're doing. That's what a colonoscopy is, right? Yeah. They put A camera up your asshole. Yeah. But go pro up your poop Shooter. But take the microwave. Tana. A colonoscopy is like to find abnormal cells. But like if you're getting a colonoscopy, they already know there's abnormal cells. So they have to take a biopsy. Okay. What a biopsy is apparently is a big fat chunk outta your cervix. Okay. And it's done with no anesthesia, no pain management, nothing. They're just, they just say you'll be fine. And I would like to read you some of the raving reviews online. What do you know? Pain management that feels like Trump's America. They said, I swear to God, they said take an ibuprofen before I said, girl, If you don't take one of each of the medicine cabinet, I would never tell any of the fans out there to do that.


But as my dear friend, No. So, so and literally online it says like it's not that bad. So I searched it on TikTok because everything on TikTok is true. I've always said that. And I am not kidding. Like the, all the videos are Like, I cannot believe like this is actually inhumane. These are The way I would walk in. Like, I hate people, I love them. I would really walk in the game ready for making going On. No, trust me, I'm picking up my pain management from Tijuana in the morning. And then this is what people are commenting. This is just one video of a coposcopy like review. And the comments are, coposcopy was without a doubt the most painful thing I've ever experienced. I fainted. I had two kids And I had thyroid cancer. This was much worse.


Do you know when you get pizza and there's like cubed ham on your pizza? Like that's what I'm imagining I'm taking. Okay. Okay. Well, so I posted a video about this today and somebody said, when you say chunk, just know it is a chunk. They said it's the size of your fingertip. Okay. This person says, I work in a clinic and is, it is common to hear women screaming in all caps in a colposcopy. I've set up for the procedures with no anesthetic ever included. Having chunks of flesh removed hurts. It's barbaric. Everybody says it's a bar. It's barbaric. It's unacceptable that we as women are treated like this. Like I cannot believe you can't like no local, no topical, nothing. We're in LA like where does JLo go? I know they give her laughing gas. There Are no words for the agony. Worst thing ever. No anesthetic told it.


They're, they tell you it's just a pinch. It is not just a pinch. Like everyone basically is like absolutely sedate yourself to the point of no return. I would get so fucked up, I would do it myself and come in and be like, here's my civic. Yes. So I saved this video to show you. Well I watched like a real one get per performed. Like I watched it, like the camera footage of it. What do you mean live on Twitch? No, It's on TikTok. 'cause it's just like, you know, it looks like a throat or something. Like you can't tell, it's like someone's cervix. But I thought you might appreciate that. I show you just the video of them doing it to an orange instead. I would actually appreciate the citrus version. I searched colposcopy visual Brooke, this Song over is.


So their app being gyno girls is h hilarious. Okay, hold on. Sorry. It just being done on an orange is so funny. Like imagine them doing that to like your lip. I swear to God I would come in with it like myself And my God. Like, 'cause things that's like, they're slicing. Like even if it appears small, the Only thing I wanna say is that like, it looks fast. Like is it that fast? But It's on your pus. You still feel it after And you like have to do it. Yeah, I have to do it. Or I could just like, like ride it out and like maybe die or something. I don't know what's wrong.


That's the thing. Like, so you don't, that's what they have to find out something. I'm trying to make you feel better. Like I, I'm Like, I wanna support you through this. Obviously I Love you. No, I mean I think it's gonna be fine, but, 'cause some people, some, there are some people who are commenting and they're like, it's not as bad as you think it's gonna be. But like most people are commenting like literally you should probably just never, I Feel Like I would try new, Like I would go on Molly like to like, like, so I would enjoy it. Like, no, take more. Yeah. I don't know. I really, it's just really crazy. But I don't know. It's, it's made me reevaluate some things.


I Love a great deal as much as the next guy, but I'm not going to crawl through a bed of hot coals just to save a few bucks. It has to be easy. No hoops, no bs. So when Mint Mobile said it was easy to get wireless for $15 a month with the purchase of a three month plan, I called them on. It turns out it really is that easy to get wireless for $15 a month. The longest part of the process was the time I spent on hold waiting to break up with my old provider. It's so easy to switch to Mint Mobile from their website. Picking the plan you want to getting activated to get started, go to mint mobile.com/ Cancelled. There you'll see that right now all three month plans are only $15 a month, including the unlimited plan. All plans come with high-speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can use your own phone with any Mint mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts. Find out how easy it is to switch to Mint Mobile and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. To get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/ Cancelled. That's mint mobile.com/ Cancelled. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at mint mobile.com/ Cancelled. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only Speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See MINT MOBILE for details. Thank you. Mint Mobile for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


When it's PCS time, you know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


I wanna go back to your as shots conversation really quickly. Okay. Because I, you know how I told you I went in, well first of all, do you remember when Chris Jenner said if someone tells you no, you're asking the wrong person. Of Course I take that too literally on a daily basis. Yeah, well that's how I feel about the lady who told me that she won't give me under filler. Okay. Because at first I appreciated it. I was like, you know what? That was like that. I probably needed that. But then I'm looking at myself And I'm like, please somebody give it to me. I Don't think you Need, so if you're out there and you would be willing to perform the procedure on my face, no anesthetic needed, I will sacrifice. I Know a girl. Well wait, what procedure? Wait, What? Well, no, I just wanna fill my under. I have always filled my under eyes.


But then it started like lowkey. Like, well As I've been researching what's happening, what's happening to Lindsay Lohan and oh she looks amazing. Christina Aguilera, a lot of roads are leading to sculpture. Like they're getting sculpture in their face, which is so funny. No, but everyone's saying PRP, Which Oh. Which is the same concept. Like you regenerate collagen on your own. I'm saying I've been trying sculpture for years in my hip dips like, you know, oh you, that's, You started it again. I didn't know my body just, you know, I know it. It's acclimated to that there's more sculpture in me than like white blood cells probably. Yeah. I had PRP scheduled, but then we had film hands. Can't they do it during your cervix removal? No. But like, wouldn't that be nice?


That's what you should do. I would have like a, like When you're already under, like I'd have an at-home nail tech there like something to distract me. I'd be Like, I want the tortoise french tip. Like what if you like collabed on something else happening. Wow. No. Well, but it is funny because I actually did get my nails done at the spot at a Kesha concert the other night. Like genuinely, No, I walk into this fucking Spotify event and I'm like, don't know many people there. It's so funny too. I walk in the, it's me and Maa and the first person we see is Nita. And she walks up to Maa and not even me and just goes, you eat ass. I know you eat ass. And it's Nita God, I love her Grilling maa if he eats ass. And I'm trying to find you And I start asking everyone where you are and then you're just getting your nails done.


I was getting my nails done but I, I needed my nails done. There was a nail tech at the party and I've, I've always seen that and been like, who gets the tech? Is There my, who uses that? Really? You Didn't know that. The one with the orange hair. That's my nail tech. I think she did bb. That's So funny. And she slayed her. Mine are coming off low key, but I honestly didn't give her lots to work with. But You can get like your eyebrows threaded during your cervix. Optime. I don't think I can Like, I almost think 'cause that shit hurts, you know? I'm trying to think of what else. I don't know. I think it's, I think all all roads are leading to Xanax Sedating. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I don't even think that's like misusing of the drug. The fact that we live in a society where women are supposed to raw dog that is, yeah. I also have some leftover, well I didn't take any of my pain medicine when I got my boobs done, so maybe I take it tomorrow.


Yeah. But I just feel like the anxiety too. Yeah. I don't wanna like you do what you is best for you. Just kidding. I Am really anxious about it. I'm not kidding. Like when I started watching these videos and reading these comments, I was like hysterical. But yeah, I mean Whatever. I think that just going really comfortable. Maybe you know, God I have no advice. I'm so sorry. It so funny, me and Bebe were like having a competition today because Like, I think she's Like, I Don't wanna say jealous, but like she's, I think she's getting mad that I'm like, like, Oh this is YouTube bitch's worst nightmare. One of you's got a pussy otomy and the other one's getting their wisdom tooth out. Dude, seriously, She's getting so mad. She's like, it's not even fucking bad.


Like it's literally not bad. Like invalidating my feelings because I think she wants tomorrow to be her day. Understand that's like, that's tough for you two with the like pain Olympics. No, but it's actually funny because we're gonna just have to, we're both gonna be like out for the count at the same time And I think we should just like, but maybe you, You guys can each schedule a day this week where it's like your day for everyone to like coddle you about your It is really funny. Like, just a funny coincidence though though. I can't, they Have to prosciutto slice. Yeah. Lemme know if you need anything. I mean seriously. That's like fucking, That's okay. I just wanna feel something. Does That mean like more space for your tampons? I don't even know what a cervix is Like now are you gonna need like super plus plus I, what?


What made you assume that I was, was already using Super plus. Okay. I, if I could actually shove a roll of paper towels up there, I would. I have to talk to you about my blood as well. I was gonna save this for the Patreon. Maybe We should. It's not really rated r it's just fucking disgusting. And I know people are so sick of me talking about shit like this no pun, but Like I have got to talk about it. Tell me The, okay. Mind you, MCCO And I just had our one year anniversary. Okay. Happy anniversary. It's today. Very special day yesterday. It's yesterday. I just couldn't get the post up in time. But it took me so long I had to go through every photo of us to ever exist, you know, and pick my favorites.


So sweet. And I just love him so much. I, I just wanna say like, I'm so happy And I just can't believe it. It flew by. I know. It's like, it's so crazy. You sat down here literally the second you met him and you said, I'm telling you right now, like, I'm gonna marry this guy And I just know And I love him so much. He's really love of my life. It's so crazy. It feels like 10 years but also like five minutes. And he did the sweetest stuff. I, like last week I was saying there's this area of the house that I've never used this little like grass area. Think in front of Isabel's Room. Oh yes. And he set up this whole morning picnic. 'cause it was after my as shot, so we had to like reroute the plans 'cause I had a bit of a lip. You had to like sit on a donut. No, I'm not kidding. He made me like a BL pillow and there was a picnic and he made like a scrapbook of all of our photos and all this cute stuff.


Cute. And it was really sweet that he like also 'cause he had a whole day planned and then I was like, wait, I can't walk. Just very cute anniversary vibes. Like I've just been on my cute vibe with Nicole Okay. Two nights before our anniversary. Right. And I've, I've been talking to you about this. I've always had a bleeding problem. Okay. And the more I think about it, I'm starting to have memories of my childhood of like my mom as she got older having this same problem, like really bleeding. Like I remember she like, maybe It's like a clotting issue. Like some people don't clot And I don't clot. Like during my nose job I almost died, you know, I was spewing like a fountain and they thought I was anemic and Like I still think I am. I never got the blood test. It's like, You know, you can do the test right now. I'm gonna just the just the arm test.


Oh yeah. And that when I, when I do that, it does. Yeah. So lately it's been crazy. Like I'm talking super plus tampon filled in fucking three minutes. It's like literally how is this coming out of me? Like this? I dunno what's going on. Okay. I don't know if I'm really about to take it there, but I take it there. I also decided we're all Friends here that I wanted to try manjaro. Okay. Now I feel Like I have to go on a whole tangent about that. Okay. I'm not taking from the diabetics. I Feel like we're past that. Like I are people still mad about that? I don't know if people are still saying that you use, I don't have a good use semaglutide that you are taking from people in need. But I just want to let everyone know that I go to this like, well, I'm not, I don't go Like I, this was, I just wanted to try it.


Okay. And I went to like a celebrity person who only does like, the people she does is fucking crazy by the way. Like, you know who she does. Like, I wish I could tell you like, I've been getting the tea and it's like everyone's fucking on it. Like, if I'm not taking this medicine, she's only giving it to like insert a-list person here. Right. And like, she keeps that shit in her fucking walk-in closet. It's never making it to the ICU. Whatever. I decide I wanna try it. And so then obviously now, you know, like if anything medically weird were to happen with my gastrointestinal areas, that's now a factor, right? Yes. Okay. And so I go to the bathroom the other night. It's like two in the morning. I'm bleeding out everywhere.


Like I said, I'm filling up these, I'm just really fucking bleeding out and digital footprint. I'm trying to think of the word. Okay. This I'm noticing a, a symptom of this injection being that like my shits Oh Yeah. They're not giving like full and thorough. Okay. Like sometimes it's like one step higher than a fart. Okay. Like just take, get a little, you know, just like, just A little like a, like a shark on water. Yeah. Yeah. Like a little more than a shark. Like there's some solidity to it. I'm so sorry. Okay. Just imagine. I'm pretty sure like Amari can hear us And I imagine like walking by and like, And so, you know, bleeding out and then obviously, you know, I feel a little, a little pebble.


Okay. Incoming. Incoming. And I've already, you know, situated my period situation. Okay. And you know, when you're wiping the front, I wipe the front. Do you? Yeah. No, you shouldn't always front to back The whole thing. Yes. Oh, don't get me started on full front to back wipers. I know what you're gonna say. You're gonna say something can happen if I wipe, I'm not saying I wipe from my ass to my clit, but I'm saying like, like I'm just saying like, if it's, if I'm like bleeding, like I'm just gonna like Yeah. Scoop up. Yeah. Well I, you gotta, you know, it's like wipe like changing a diaper. I feel like you gotta scoop every direction. I'm so sorry. Okay. This is so, so fucking embarrassing.


And so obviously, you know, when I'm pooping I go from the back up, right? And so I wipe back up and when I, and you know, I'm, I'm, I like to check out what's happening each time. I'm that kind of person. Okay. It's not, You know, nobody, nobody Just, I thought Aaron was just turning off the cameras And I was like, that is so real. Make podcast equipment more expensive. I just, I go to Check. Nobody doesn't check. You're lying. If you say don't check, if you just blindly throw it in the trash, then you're dirty because you don't know if you're done or not. 100%. Like I, so I just, I go to check and Like I shit blood, a lot of blood. Like I've never seen this amount of blood. But You, how do you know it wasn't your Period? I don't.


Oh, okay. But Like, I only wiped my asshole. Okay. And it is like blood clots, like big black blood clots with so much bright red blood. So I scream at the top of my lungs, I go back to check again. I'm like, oh my God, no, I just fucking shit blood. Right? And so obviously it's like two in the morning and I'm not gonna, like no one else was home either. It was just me and Maa Ken, Who do you call? So I shove a super Soaker up there. You know, just of your Asshole. No, No, no, no, no, no. Well, And I run out to Maa and mind you too, I was like just a bitch to him before I walked in the bathroom. So imagine Like, I like just, I was just a little bitchy. It was nothing like, not a huge fight, but I was just a little bit of a bitch.


I walked through the bathroom And I was planning on walking back, head held high, standing on bitch ness, right? No. And I walked back And I have to be Like, I just ship blood. I just ship blood. And then it's like, obviously someone who cares about you is going to ask like every question. And I'm having to explain all this to him. And like, there's just no probable way that that much with the way that I wipe that, that much blood was on like my gooch your Gooch My Teeth. I'm like working hard on not being judgmental in this conversation. And I Agree with you. I think that you must have shit bled. There's no way your Gooch could hold all that vol, that blood volume. It was like a serious clot.


Serious. And then I was in the bathroom like really trying to like shit again. So I could like, you know what I mean? You should have shoved honestly, you should, should have shoved a tampon up your ass just to see, Because I can't stress to you enough. So then obviously I'm on Google and a side effect of manjaro can be that people get like hemorrhoids or like, oh, fissures, right? Fissures was crazy. But this wasn't giving like rip of the hole. This was giving what I saw came out of me deep inside of me And no solution. I mean, And I just still didn't go to the hospital, which I think is like really fucking crazy. Well if it's Resolved itself, like you're probably good to Go. And so now I'm Like, I don't know if I ever wanna try manjaro again because I'm like, what if that was the reasoning?


You know what I mean? But then everything just went back to normal. But imagine having to walk out to maa tail between my legs two days before our one year anniversary and be Like, I ship blood. And then now I'm explaining to him a period and how I wipe and all this just like nonsense. Well You know what? I don't, if there's nothing to be ashamed of, periods are normal. My period is not normal at the moment. What's going On? That was the concern. That's why literally why I went in, in the first place. Oh, why? Because I've never, literally my entire life I've always had like perfectly like to the hour like, like regular periods. And I have very, I'm very lucky, very light periods like maybe it, it's, it always goes two, two days on, one day off, one day on again. It's like the strangest thing.


But it's so consistently that and all of a sudden, Like I got my period a week early and then the next month I got it another week early. So now I'm two weeks early from my normal period time. And then this last period that I just had one day long, like not even a day. So I was like, wait, something's wrong. And then I went and they were like, let's take a chunk. It's so funny. Jeff Whittick always like cooks me like just as a bit he will be like, yeah, and you guys sit down and just talk about your periods and vaginas for an hour. And I'm always like, and like we talk about so much more than that. No we fucking don't. Well it's normal, you know, shit Blood. Like that's the thing. People are like, don't talk about your bowel movements on your podcast. If you had a podcast and you shit blood and you had to go tell your boyfriend two days before your one year anniversary because you're home alone and it's three in the morning that you think you shit blood, but you're also on manjaro and you're trying to figure it out.


You might want to discuss that on a podcast too. I Completely, I'm, you know what diva I am always on your side. Take the mic Away. Take the fucking mic away. I just Like, I don't know, I like, I've been wanting to talk about the fact that I like dabbled in some manjaro, but I just think that it's like, that showed me that I shouldn't. And after watching the substance, Like I just, what the fuck is wrong with me? I think I learned my lesson and Yeah, back to the Jonas Brothers. It goes kidding. I'm not. Oh, I get it. Oh my god. I hate when that happens. I was on a major delay, but yes, Nick Jonas does have diabetes. I still Feel sorry for you. I just, I just, it was one shot. I promise I'm not, I just, I actually, I just, I don't think Semaglutide goes to Nick Jonas. I think it's let's also Tirzepatide.


Oh see I just, I know nothing about it. Every bitch in Ellie knows everything about it. That's the thing too that's so frustrating is Like, I know I'm gonna get so much hate for saying that I tried one shot even though again, it's seriously a celebrity nurse who like keeps them in a fucking cooler in her car and drives around to fucking No, it's Actually crazy because I borrowed your, your celebrity nurse and Well, I didn't even know it was happening. I just was asking my manager Like, I need Lamictal now. Okay. And she just showed up at my door and she was like, oh, by the way, like my name is Like, I recognize that it's like a kind like the, the doctors to the stars that like don't have an office and like they just drive to all these celebrities houses.


That's they Well it's scary. They do. And like, it's like the People who were prescribing like Anna Nicole Smith, her medications and Mi Michael Jackson and stuff. That's how like where, where it gets a little scary For me. No, it's, it's a very, very like crooked dark side of Hollywood. Like all the doctors. 'cause they just, they don't care. And it's crazy too because all of the doctors that I have and like see for all the things, Like I pretty much do only use like the celebrity Doctors And like they give me so much tea. Like I should not know what like prescribed. Yeah. Where I should not is hipaa. I know every single person like major a-list celebrity that like has ever tried ozempic like, and it's all of them, but it's nuts. Like that shouldn't be Yeah, But they're, if they're telling you about other people, they're telling other people about you.


I know. Getting ahead of the curve here. There you go. But like it's just nuts that I'm gonna get so cooked. But it's like every single person on my for you page, This is the Cancelled podcast I guess. It's so true. Wait, speaking of podcast, which we actually weren't at all. You went on, talked to her. Yes. And now she's going to jail. What Do you mean she's going to jail? I Don't And why are you trying to correlate those? No, no. I set up a sting operation on, no, I asked her so bad my lap. I just think like, are we cursed or something? Like I feel like everything we touch turns to stone. Like we both went on.


Make me the fuck outta that. Okay. Kidding. No, but honestly I actually got a lot of hate for going on Talk Tua because they thought that like she was genuinely like ghosting you and like she didn't want have you on, but like, It was just scheduling issues. But it was just a funny, I mean like she wasn't replying to me. Everything I said was true but like, It was just, but it was like a funny bit and like it wasn't like, oh my God she hates TANA, I'm gonna go on talk to her. Like that was never the vibes. But did you not see all like everything that she's in, I don't know if it's like, well I shouldn't be talking about something that, I don't know if it's true or not, but like basically the scandal is her like whole app that she was, it was like hawk to a coin, which already is Like, I love her so much. She's such a city. And I feel like we had to learn that influencers shouldn't have coins after Logan.


Paul had like Coin. Coin. Yeah, she had coin, right? Yeah. He had like a similar scandal. I think it was like the same thing. In my opinion, this is the fault of whoever's advising her because I don't think Hailey Welch is like, is really like doing all that. You know what I mean? It's, it's actually the team around that is, it's wild. I haven't, I haven't really seen, but like A lot of people I guess lost money. But then it's like, I mean how, at what point is it like months? When did they Ask her having the coin? What Like, like when did she release the coin? Like Recently? Like months. Like This year? Yeah. Yeah. Duh. Oh yeah. No one should have coins anymore. That that's, no, That's not good. Like I guess, Yeah, I mean it's not, I'm not judging her.


I think that I 100% put the fault on whoever advised. No, that was what I wanted to have the conversation about. I think it's just like such a classic example of like somebody like getting a lot of attention really quickly and like taking the first team that comes across their desk and like these people got her in trouble That it's, the tale is old this time. It's always going to happen. Someone's going to blow up overnight. Especially like, it's one thing when people are from major cities and have resources and stuff, it's much scarier when it is someone who like doesn't want this, knows nothing about it, is not protecting themselves because they don't have the knowledge. Yeah. Someone you, You can make so much money from doing this thing that you're gonna do it. Like Hailey Welch is not like ploting behind the scenes to scam people.


No, There's so many things in my career where even just like releasing a perfume, Like I would go to my team and be Like, I want the perfume. I want it to look like this. And then like it comes out that the bottle's Alibaba and everyone's saying, I just wanted to scam people. But it's like, no, I just didn't fucking know that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like it's, it's because I'm sure she probably asked all questions in her wheelhouse like, Hey is this okay? Like, you know what I mean? But like, yeah, that sucks. I know. I like Always just get really sad for any influencers when I see that, when I feel like they're like, Like It being puppeteered potentially like, and it's like very scary and that I feel like with her rise to fame in the way it is, it's really scary territory.


Even just being there like all the people, I was Like, I hope she really like wants to do the things that she's doing. It's crazy though. Even I posted and all my comments were like, TANA, no, TANA. Like I understand that people are saying like that her content maybe lacks substance. I just don't even I Agree. Like I fucking Socrates, like I'm fucking Einstein. Like it really like hop skip and a jump away from me going on Hawk Tua. Like, I like truly think like they're just really like actually funny. I think that everyone's just mean. I was getting so much hate for going on. Like I genuinely, Like I was getting a lot of fucking hate And I was like, of all things like, you can think she's stupid.


You don't have to watch it. You don't have to. But like for people to be so up and arms 'cause she hasn't done anything, you know? What did she's point? She do. Except for getting attention. Yeah. Well Like I, yeah and then now there's this. Yeah, but like this was before that I guess. And it's just like, it's so strange to me. I just, but I feel so sad for her because it's Like, I really think I've said it a million times. I'll keep fucking saying it. I think any girl or person in her position would do it too for a check. Yeah. And I think it'll pass hopefully. But did you have a good time? Yeah, it was cute. Honestly, it was just Like, I had a long, long day. It was at the end of my day I just really went to chat. I really just, it wasn't like this hootie crazy time. I think I just left with a very protective energy. Like I was just very much like, especially when I just see these younger, crazy girls getting thrown into this industry, I think that my mind just always goes to all the shit that happened to me.


And I just like get very like protective and just all the people around. And I, I was telling her they'll probably cut it from her podcast, but I was kind of just being like talking to her about how like you're gonna have off days. You don't have to be on every day. You don't have to be this character that you don't wanna be like you are a multifaceted human being and like remember that? And she was kind of saying like, tell my managers that. And I was like, oh, you know, Like I just really fucking hope she's like happy and wanting to do, maybe she is. Maybe her managers are slaying and I'm just an asshole.


It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings Casino. With this season's offerings, you'll unwrap everything you wish for. From table games and jackpots to a slot at the top of everyone's list, DraftKings is offering a warm welcome to new players with ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS INSTANTLY IN CASINO CREDITS with just a ten dollar wager. Plus EVERYONE can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code Cancelled because the holiday cheer is here Only on DraftKings Casino Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present In Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Opt in required Casino Credits are non withdrawable and expire in one hundred sixty eight hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


So I actually wanna talk to you about people in the industry, not s slang. Okay. I was just on the cover of Paper Magazine And I want to say it was the biggest fucking honor and it was just such a cool concept. I think that, I don't know if they're stopping at LA and if they're, they only did this for LA or if they're gonna do it for like New York and other cities too, I really don't know. But they did this set of digital covers that was like all LA right? So they had just all these different characters like Marsha Molinari who like does H Wood and like all that type of stuff. And like Lisa Rena, who's like a different era of a different type of LA and like Ricky Thompson and just like Rebecca Black and all these Heidi Montag, different era, like all these just very, the Queen of Melrose, just very different characters who all kind of represent LA in different ways and stuff like that, you know?


And they essentially, they wanted the feel of the cover to be like walking into a party in LA like, this is so fucking random, this grouping of people. And I felt like they executed that really well. Yeah, like it was very much like, why the fuck are all these people like together? Right? And I'm so excited to do what they wanted me to vape on the cover. I was like sold in a corseted dress cutting into me like lightheaded from smoking. But I love that when Like, I think you truly serve when you leave a little injured too. Oh yeah. You know, Like, I love that. I feel Like I gave it my all. I was on the cover with Carter, I love him so much. It was, it was everything, right? That, that's my point. That's it. I go to the shoot, it's the best day ever. And then a couple weeks later the cover comes out, I see the cover And I'm Like, I'm so happy with my image and you know, me and my fucking face tune.


So I was really happy just like that. They chose a good image that didn't, I didn't feel like needed face tune, whatever, right? And so after we shot the cover, they interviewed us, right? And they're asking us all these questions just like, what does LA mean to you? Why do you love la? What are your craziest LA stories? Right? And I answer like 20 of these fucking questions. And one of the last questions was, what are your craziest memories living in la right? And so I tell this person And I quote And I quote, I tell this interviewer about the time that I lived on Weed Lake Drive next door to the hype house.


Next door to me was Post Malone crew. And like my house was very much just like a revolving door. It was such a fucking crazy time. I'm saving so many of these stories for the, the book, like just the parties and the shit that happened in my house. It was so fucking insane. And I was talking about the house as well. I was talking about how like Face Clan lived there before me. Justin Bieber shot a bunch of music videos in the house before me, like Juice World lived there at one point. So many crazy people. I was talking about how the owner of the house sued me and sued pretty much every single person who lived in the house. And I'm the only person who's ever won against him. And like, I'm the only girl who ever lived there. I tell them all the lore of me living in this house, And I say, I'm saving the story for the book.


And do you want to know what they took from this quote? What did they take that I lived with Justin Bieber in Holly Wood Hills. I lived with Justin Bieber, I lived with Justin Bieber. Are you imagine me? I opened my phone blown up like genuinely all my dms, TikTok comments, text messages. You lived with Bieber. How are you gonna drop this lore on us? Like how are you just now gonna fucking tell us that I get a Reddit notification? Tana's known to lie. She's so exaggerated, yada yada. She's lying about leaving. Like why would Bieber, it's realistically Like, I don't think you would ever lie knowing it was going to be printed in a magazine and Just this time, like again, I hate people.


I love them. That girl did live with Justin Bieber. You know what I mean? But like, are you fucking kidding me? And then I'm just, I am such a fucking believer. I am such a believer. Like I know a lot of people from Bieber's team that like follow me. Like just at the off chance and Like I am also so That he thinks you like made that Up. I'm so leave Bieber alone. Like I am so leave Bieber alone, like him and Hailey and Jack, like let them fucking live. I never wanna be a part of that problem. How fucking embarrassing Paper Magazine. And it's, it's not like, it's like a writer saying like, TANA alleges she lived with Bieber.


It is like TANA. And then I lived with Bieber in Hollywood Hills. Or mind you, the other people's are Like, I went to a glory hole once. Like how it looks like I'm like trying to like name. I actually am really fucking sorry that happened to you because the anxiety that that would give me like is like, it would be really bad. My Favorite person. But You know what, this is what I will say. He of all people knows exactly what it's like to have your words just twisted and fucking bent outta shape. Okay. He probably knows that that was a misunderstanding. You, he Of all people knows he didn't Live with You. He of all people knows that he wouldn't go within fucking a hundred yards at your house.


I love This. I'm so fucking embarrassed. Paper eventually responded and they sent like this emoji and they were like, our bad. Like, we'll change it. Our bad is crazy. It's fine now, but like, that just would fucking happen to me. Like, that didn't happen to any other of the 30 people on that fucking cover. Like, That's so funny. It's not funny. It funny just, no, it's so, it is so funny. Like, I've just, but like there were like four days last week where I was just responding to so many texts. Like, I know I didn't fucking live with Justin Bieber. Are you, fuck? Can I just have one thing? Like how about congrats on the cover of paper. Like, are you fucking, It's crazy to me. This is what I am pulling from this conversation. Crazy. How many people read the article?


You know what I mean? Like, I never read it. If I see a cover, I never usually read the article. I know I was Kind of gagged, I guess that is true. I do, I love reading articles really. But I don't know. I always say I read an article instead of saying I, I watched a TikTok I read an article about, you Read an article that your podcast cohost lived with Justin Live with Justin Bieber. It's, I'm, I'm, I'm happy we cleared that up.


When it's PCS time, you know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free, for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


I'm gonna start training for the challenge, Please. I'm dead fucking serious. I think you Could Do it. Here's the thing. I've watched an entire season of the challenge in the last 24 hours because I've never watched it. Olivia's obviously, our, like our friends, she's, she was on the challenge. She's on like four season seasons. Miss Olivia Of the Challenge. We Love her. Obviously she's been my friend. I've never seen her on the challenge, so watching her in this, like in this light was so crazy. TANA, she's a fucking monster. Like first of all, so amazing. Like, just like so strong. She's a fuck. Like, she's just like, she can do everything. I need to watch It tonight. So Agile, just so good. All the challenges never gives up, will do anything.


She's, you know, slurping like fucking sardine, mayonnaise, water, like doing every, she's jumping from building, she's scaling Walls. It's funny, she's like a really wild, like she's like a fun party girl. Like she's really fun, really Crazy. She's such girly girl. Like, by the way, she, there's not a single challenge that she does without a Miami lash on. Like she is. So she's in a full beat, like genuinely like doing The crazy shit. And she always talks to us about going to film the challenge. I feel like she's always going to film the challenge and Like, I just never seen her And I don't know why I Haven't. Yeah. And like, obviously, I mean, it's not really a spoiler 'cause you know, this happened to her, but like in the it, she's in the finale and it's a hundred hour long finale. Smashes her entire face, breaks it in five places.


Yeah. And They have to buy her a new nose. And she's just funny about it. And She, but she's just going, she's going, can I still, can I finish? Can I finish? She's going, is it broken her? I, her literal nose is like on her temple. Like it is so crazy. But What I gathered from it is that obviously I want to do that as well. Well I loved that show that Jojo Siwa and Black China were on called, Called Special Forces and Jojo Siwa was like, literally I'm scaling a mountain. And she like, kills it. She kills it. I think those are like more extreme con conditions in the challenge. 'cause the challenge is unique in that like, it's, it's like real world kind of vibes. 'cause it's the same people come back over and over again. So it's like a, it's like a reality show kind of. So that's why she keeps going back is because they, the relationships, like her, the season 38 was filmed in Argentina, but I think they switch around.


But like all the like, people, like, like two people were engaged and like two of them just had a baby. And like, they're very much like intertwined in each other's lives and seasons and like people come back and stuff. So it's very like, cool in that way. But I wanna go on it so badly. Like, I think you 100% good. That's so fun. And I think like, Like I know it's like I'm being haha funny, but Like, I think like genuinely in this scenario I would adapt like the adrenaline and stuff. Like, I think I would be able to do those things. I think you would also, Like, I also be so fucking entertaining on a show like that. Like I would love to see that Olivia is so fun. I just want you to watch it. So funny. I won. She's the like with completely unintentionally the most hilarious person I've ever fucking seen.


And like also the editors on the challenge are hysterical. Like just, you could tell they just started getting hoot with it at the end. No, I love that. So funny. And I need something to live for. So I think I'm gonna go really crazy and really start training for the challenge. And then I'm gonna throw my phone off a balcony. I think it's so, And I'm gonna gonna disappear for three months. I think it's so fucking lit. I think you would kill it. That's why I wanna go on Survivor. We should try The same. I don't think I could last on Survivor because I like the challenge is sick. 'cause like, you still go to bed in a mansion every night. Oh, I guess that's true. It's, I Set for The finale. I also only ever imagined myself, like I've always said Survivor's my dream, but I only imagined myself on Survivors Single because I would like whore my way to the finale.


Oh, showman. Like, yeah, just like you would have an amazing Social game. I just don't, I don't think that I could like physically endure the conditions on Survivor. Like that's, I think that I could handle the challenges. Not really a puzzle girl. I don't think I, I don't think I could slay a puzzle. I love a puzzle, but I think Like, I don't, like imagine just one night of like being freezing cold in the rain. Oh, bugs. You can't go on Survivor bitch. I know. I was just thinking about like what I would have to do. I think I'd have to get like hypnotized against bugs because other than that I would slay down. I heard hypnotism works. I should, I really should. My bug fear controls my life. You know this. I also beat Olivia Kaiser in a pushup competition One time. Stop saying that. 'cause I just know you Didn't I on on got, I'll insert the video.


Was she hammered? I'll insert the video. No. And today I made her say it on the phone today to for evidence because So then you need to go on the challenge. I did. That's enough. But She, I mean she's obviously just like way stronger than me in like literally every way. But for some reason I beat her in a pushup competition, I think. And there are witnesses. Absolutely. I think that would be so good for you. Like, I think Like I really do. I do too. That or rehab. So, or like, or like a retreat. I should say A retreat. I'm not on drugs. You know, big difference. Seriously. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour.


For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. Step into the world of power, loyalty and luck. I'm Going to make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you Want to get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play the Godfather now@chupacasino.com. Welcome To the family.


No purchase necessary. V DW group of Hawaii prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. Something huge happened last night. Absolutely massive and huge and insane and amazing. Okay, Tricia pdis went on fucking SNLI Just saw this fucking clip today. I just got chills. Like actual football Chills. It's multiple clips. There are multiple clips. She manifested this. She's the queen. The best in the world. I would venture to say at ma like speaking things into existence. Like she has said literally on record, Like I am gonna be on SNL, I wanna be on sn LI wanna host SNL. And last night she, not only was she on SNL, but she was on SNL as Tricia Pettis, which is like the fucking coolest thing in the entire world.


So Fucking iconic With first of all, Paul Mezcal, who I'm, I would literally, I would do anything for you would be so much now I have to and with David Spade, who she loves more than anyone on this entire planet. I know. I saw it's one thing to be the queen of manifestation and everyone is like supporting that. She has had so many fucking people tell her that she cannot do the things that she's doing to the point that she has lived almost in this but like, belief, like it's, it's jaded her thoughts towards herself as well and just she's see her, to see her achieve her dreams is Like, I can't even like put it into words. Like I genuinely cannot even put it into words. It is so fucking beautiful and magical and Like, I just, it is And she deserves it.


It's just amazing. It's one Thing when someone is speaking words of inspiration, but her life story to me is so fucking inspiring to like just girls. Just girls who don't get out the best cards and girls that society isn't the best to. And I'm just Like, I can't even fucking believe. And I'm just imagining Moses like filming her by It just, oh my God. I literally, I can't believe she, she just stepped out and did it too. I feel like she's like that recently or like, at least like from my perspective, it's Like I have a Podcast with her And I did not know she was going to Else. Yeah, like just randomly she'll pop out doing the craziest thing and you're like, Tricia, how like yeah. The Katy Perry music video 100. It's like, how does she have the time too?


It's like, I'm just so fucking proud of her. Like, I just feel like in the past Few months she's so hard working though. I feel like, like obviously we talk about how like she's iconic and stuff like all the time, but like, no one talks about how like, she literally, like, how does she have enough hours in the day? Like she, by by morning she's fucking Jasmine and Aladdin and then she's like working in a tavern all day and then she puts out 17 episodes in at once. Like she's really hardworking. It, no, it's, Maybe That's the difference between her And I working with her on like, not Loveline has been so cool. Like she is at Brittany, my manager And I were just talking about this like, just like she, she's on the email, she's on her zoom. Like, it's Like I just, it's so crazy. I feel Like I do have kind of a lot of people that like help me and do a lot of things for it.


And like Brittany, my manager was saying that she'll just like see Tricia in her inbox every day and she's like, what the fuck? Like how Will, yeah. She doesn't have like, a lot of like, help, but she, she doesn't And is the best mother she In the world. That's but I was gonna say I to two kids almost. Yeah. Which is crazy. I feel like this is a good example of what I've tried to tell you before where it's Like, I do think like having children, like obviously you like feel a sense of purpose, but like, not even just like, like your purpose is being a mother. It's like all of a sudden, you know exactly like what you want and like who you are, what direction you want to go in. It is so true. I feel like that happened to her. Like, I feel like, like since having Malibu, like just everything, like she's been so intentional with what she's done. I Agree.


I mean, I can't imagine like having a kid probably does just make you really fucking realize what is important and what's not. Like even just with being with maa, I feel Like I, it's made me realize in so many ways, like just the amount before him, like, just like the amount of side quests I was on. I don't mean people either. That makes me sound like a whore. No, But Like I, I was thinking about this today 'cause I was, I was thinking like how it went so quickly, like the one year, but I feel like he's just made you like, like he's shown like you're pot potentially. Like you always, like you were always capable of being sober for this long and you've always like had this like soft like feminine side, but he like brought it out of you. I feel like. Yeah, It's really sweet. I couldn't agree with that. I think it was really hard for me to say I like really have a hard time saying nice things.


Like really makes me, It's, I really do like feel that way. Like it's nuts. It's like you never wanna feel like you're living for someone. But even with like the sobriety and just different stuff, like not only do I wanna be the best version of myself for myself, but I now want to be the best like, girlfriend, wife, mother one day, like for someone else as well. Like, you know, and it's, it's really fucking cool. It helps and it does. Yeah. So nuts. You're right. I can't imagine the next level, like having fucking kids and just, yeah, it's crazy. I feel like becoming a parent makes you like super Mako And I lately have been having really actually serious definitive conversations about like when we want kids, which is kind of crazy. And you range, it's, I it's looking like the thirties.


You just let me know. Oh, it's looking like the 30 ones and twos. I'm, I'm 28 And I, you know, people will not let me forget that I'm almost 30. It's Like, I wanna say I'm 28, but like everyone's always like pushing 30. So I'm pushing 30. And what's wrong with that? Everyone says your life starts in your thirties. I think it does. I think your twenties is all about figuring things out in your thirties, I'm assuming is about the things you figured out. Yeah, And I like reject everybody I met before, like age 21. So like 100%.


When you're part part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere? Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games all for free. Step four, unleash your excitement. Woohoo. Juba Chiba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the Juba life. Visit chiba casino.com BW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


Something bad happened. What happened? They passed a TikTok ban in the United States. I am so fucking stoked. It's so crazy that you say that because I'm happy about it too. I wonder if we're happy about it for different reasons, Probably. I'm just kidding. Sorry that I did not mean that in the way that that came off, but No, I did not mean mean That, but you were exactly right. I did not mean that in the way that that came off and You were not wrong. I used to not be. And like, listen to me. If you go through the Chick-fil-A drive-through in a couple months and you see me asking you, you know, spicy deluxe or regular mind your own damn business, stolen joke, Stolen dollar.


I love Stolen jokes. Stolen ballor, stolen joker. We do not do that in our, I mean, career wise, but the, to me it's just like there's gonna be another app next week. You Know what I if it happens. So it's like, it doesn't scare me in that way. For me it's just Like, I do feel like the brain rot, like, ha brain rot is a funny joke. But Like, I am fucking dumber. I am walking around my house all day. Suitcase, suitcase, suitcase. I like my suitcase. Suitcase. Like, shut up. I'll tell you what, it's get a fucking slower attention span bitch. The most dangerous thing about that is that I felt all along that it was making me smarter. Like there I have gone on record and said Like, I have learned so much since having downloaded TikTok, but it's like, how many times have you guys heard me like speak something as absolute truth?


That is just completely made up. No, and it's Like I I it's cool that I know about Ang, but I don't need to know about Ang. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? And it's just Like we're focusing on the wrong things. It's, I think it's just too much. Like, I was literally about to sit here and talk to you about like bur basket gate and like that nurse mom who's an awful mom. Like, oh. And it's like, yes, those things are being brought to our attention. So now we discuss them. But I'm just imagining the amount, like the terabyte of free space I could have up here without TikTok. Because it's just like, Even in time, just time, like Watching one full YouTube video is now like so significantly better for your brain and attention span and focus and knowledge and what like, it's just, I think that I would be a better, smarter person with a terabyte of free space.


I think so too. I just, I'm grateful that like, because a lot of influencers that that's their primary like and only big platform, you know what I mean? Like, or like tiktoks or like people who like, like the beauty girls or stuff, like people who don't do long form content. Like I'm grateful that we have a podcast and stuff, but I would be like really freaking out. Honestly if I was Like, I think that that's about like belief And I don't know, Like I, I guess self-belief because if you think about it, even when Vine died, all of the people who were still Yeah. But like businesses depend on it. Like I do feel like a lot of people are gonna like take a hit from it. It's True. But I also think so much short form stuff will then just move to reels or shorts. Like Yeah. But like, that's my biggest fear.


Like please don't, please don't put, I don't wanna be real, I don't wanna be reeled. I don't know though. I wanna, I don't wanna be reeling. YouTube Shorts are reels. My four use are just so different I guess. 'cause I don't use them, so nevermind. But I don't know. All I See is AI on Instagram reels and the problem is I can't detect ai, so I'm like, oh my God, look at this baby walking down the runway. Like, you know what I mean? Like I can't, I have no gauge for that. Like, I'm like a 50-year-old or like 60, 80-year-old woman. I'm like, that is so cute that that cat and that elephant are getting along so well. That Purple ocean is gorgeous. Yes. Yeah. I feel you. Oh my God. But like, no, I, I think TikTok being banned would be more beneficial than not.


I think there are beneficial aspects of it, but I don't know. I Think just mental health, honestly, that's like my actual thing. Like, I don't know if that's what you were alluding to before, but like TikTok is so scary. Like it's, it's crazy for me to be able to like open TikTok and then like actually want to like self-harm Obviously as influencers. Yes. Like we're opening a vault to perception of us. No, Don't even just mean that. But like things you see and like it's my like at the drop of a dime, Like I can, my entire like mental state can be changed. I was just literally that's what I was just gonna say. Like the fact that it's like a video that's going to make you sob, but then a video that's gonna make you wanna buy something and then a video. Yeah. There's gotta make a weird substance style movie about that In itself. Yeah. Like it's like you shouldn't be feeling that range of, and just the way it has made.


Like I'm watching a movie and I'm like, can we get a base boost? Like it's like my Can't. Yeah. Like I, you need like someone making slime on the side. Yes. Like I would literally need subway surfer beside interstellar to enjoy it. And that's pathetic. I I just, I don't know. It feels regressive And I'm, I whatever. There's Just no long term like psychological studies on like what short form content is like doing to us. You know what I mean? It's gotta Be be sodomizing. Why I use that are dopamine receptors. See, I dunno what that means. 'cause they don't tell me that on TikTok. I Think think it's like, but bad bad but stuff. Oh, it's got, but it's just gotta be bad for our dopamine receptors, you know? Well, I'm not, And I can't talk or influencer anymore. I am an actress. How, wait, how'd that go?


Did you act? I have been on the side quest of a century And I don't know if I'm allowed to talk about it. My new bit lately has just been side quests for joy. I went and did a Kevin Lang video And I think it like, with all these, they're hilarious. If you've never watched Kevin Lang, he is. So this has nothing to do with me acting. I don't know. Talk About whatever you want this, you know what, that's the privilege of having a podcast, Make the equipment more expensive. I went and did the Kevin Lang video and he does jubilee style videos, but like, guess the bald person and like, they're all in more suits type shit. Like, it's so, and all the, it's hilarious. People on his panel are comedians, standup comedians. So it's actually so fucking funny.


And it was like the funniest day of my life And I was like, fuck, I might just fuck around and start doing standup. Like, I've just been on a serious side quest. But anyways, I, I talked about this in the last episode, but something hit my inbox asking me to audition for something that I absolutely could not say no to. And you know how I feel about acting. I think if someone told me you need, it's a Mental block. It is a mental block. But like if someone said you need to make an album by the end of next week, Like I would genuinely find that easier. You need to write a book in fucking, you know, like, it's just, I really find acting to be so fucking hard And I get this role. And it's funny, the role to me feels like I'm playing almost like Natalie Bowling.


Like I'm very like wispy and everything I say is with serious conviction. Like, no, really there's an elephant in the other room. Like, you know, like that's like my vibe and like my just the character's name, it's so like, not me. You know what I mean? And so I hire this acting coach and I'm like really trying to take this seriously. And it's so nuts to me that even 'cause you wanted to act at one point, like Yeah, it wasn't going well, but It's like, it just memorizing pages of conversation. Like the fact that you have to like know where your eyelines are and be listening to people and thinking about how you're reacting and your facial expressions and your hands and where they go. And I lose all ability to inflect my words.


It is so fucking insane. The, the line could genuinely be like, I'm Tana Mongeau And I have a podcast And I'm gonna be sitting here like I'm Tana Mongeau And I have a podcast. But that's what I'm saying. It's a mental block because you are like, you do it all the time without knowing that you're acting. But like, because you know, you're going into this and like thinking like Mako went on this whole tangent to me where he was Like, I watch you see people that you hate every single day and you walk up to them like they are your long lost cousin. Okay. I don't, wow. That's la hey, that's called being nice. That's, yes, that's la Okay. Obviously I have my people all around me that I fucking love, but I'm just saying a lot of, you know what I mean?


I don't fucking know. Or just, I'm always doing something that I don't wanna be fucking doing And I have to act Like I fucking love doing it. And that's just, it is what, it's, the Live shows are acting, acting Like, I haven't heard this story before. That's fair. But just a lot of what I do, like even just again, going into a meeting and pretending to be really fucking excited about whatever I'm meeting about. Maybe it's like the last place on earth I wanna be, I don't fucking know whatever. And all of my life is also about, and always has been about performing on camera and giving this best funny side of myself on camera, whether I'm feeling it or not. Like on days where I feel like shit, I'm still gonna come on and be in it. And that's acting almost. It's the hardest thing in the world for me. And I've realized that the only way I can pull this shit off is by method acting.


TANA. Wait, did you, I was leery that I'm holding myself back from saying it because I'm so bad at like, not cutting people off, but I wanted to say that Like, I feel like you should do what like Jim Carrey did. You'd have to like turn into the person. 'cause I feel like that's the issue is like, you're so good at being Tana Mongeau that like, in order to become Sonic the Hedgehog, you would have to be sonic the hedgehog Brooke. I was making Maa call me my character's name. I'll bleep it, but her name is okay. What the fuck? Like, and I'm walking around for days just like, do you think we could maybe get a latte? Like, I really want a latte. Like we should Oh, I'm so happy to podcast. Like literally I walk into this audition and you know me Like I'm barely like Fifi fo fuck TANA, your Mother.


Wait, you physically had to go in and audition? Yes. Oh my god, I can't pick. Were you so nervous? And I walk in, I as a fucking sociopath behavior, you know, Paige was like, what the fuck? I get in Paige's car and I'm like, thanks for picking me up. Like how are you? Like, just whole night I walk in and I'm Like, I'm just, and you know, this isn't like me at all. I'm doing this to all the directors and Paige is watching me. I'm like, I'm just so nervous. Like I just can't believe I get to be here. Like, I fully committed to the bit the whole way fucking through. Like, I love that so much. Like, You want water? I'm like, Thank you so much. Like my voice never left this octave. Like, I just was like, this Honestly hired Murderer. I like When do you find out?


Do you know Already? I don't know. God, I think I gave it my all And I still think I was kind of fucking shitty. Did you See Maxine? No. Yes. That's what I'm picturing. I'm picturing you going into that big warehouse right now and just sitting down and doing your monologue and getting outta there. That is so fucking funny. And you said you go to all the girls don't bother. I crushed It. That's exactly what Ashley said. That's so funny. She was saying the exact same thing. I don't know, they kept following up with me Like I couldn't do one of the days to audition. And they were like, no, we've gotta get her in. And they were probably so, like, They probably had a good, Like, I feel like you have a, a good shot at this. I just, I'm like, it's funny because I want to get it for like the other people that are in this project and like, I'm imagining the, the premier and the carpet and like my friends all watching.


I'm imagining all the pros, but when it comes to actually having to fucking do this, I hope I don't get it. I hope someone else who wants it. I think it Also, no, because like in the moment it's not like, you're not like on stage or something. It's like, it's very much like, like this, like, or, or like other things are going on and like, no one's really paying attention to what you're doing and like you can like just drill through it like a billion times with like Paige or something and like you'll just have it. I literally don't even think I could with Paige. Like I, I think it would have to be major acting coach and ma my memory I have really bad like, but that's goldfish brain. It's, but It's not goldfish brain. It's like you're thinking of it. I feel like as acting in a trust me, I am no actress. I'm like not. No, I appreciate this. But the difference, like, it's like if I were to read something in Spanish, Like I don't speak Spanish, so I can't like memorize, it's way harder for me to memorize something.


But if I understood what it said, Like I could memorize it more easily. Like you're not paying attention to like what I, the scene actually is versus like memorizing the words. I don't remember like the first like five years of like knowing Amari. That's like, like, Like I like, you know what I mean? Like you're really underestimating my like how shitty my memory is. So it's really hard for me. Yeah. And I think that everything that I've ever done, like for the most part major big things, like things as big as like acting in a movie or a show per se. Right? I've wanted, And I think that it makes me like the feeling that I leave, like even just after this audition, I was watching all the girls outside like practicing their lines and like, you know what I mean?


Like even it makes me wanna cry thinking about it right now. It makes you really fucking sad because it is the tale as old as time of an influencer being handed something that they do not deserve. Like even just on my way to the audition down the street, I'm thinking about people who fly across the fucking country for one fucking shot at this to get rejected 30,000 times to then like maybe one in 1000 finally getting it Like, I don't want this And I don't deserve it And I shouldn't have it for that reason. Like, it makes me like fucking sad. I don't think it means you don't deserve it. Like, I don't know sometimes like, like this particular role, like knowing what I know about the role, like it calls for like you or like someone alike, you know what I mean?


I Agree. But even that then I just still, even an influencer fucking wants it is better than Yeah. Me who's just taking it so I can serve at the premiere. Like, you know, it's like, Yeah. Yeah. And Maybe, who knows, I do think everything happens for a reason. Like maybe I'll fucking end up enjoying it and liking it and it's a whole different life and it's meant what's meant to be will be. But I think you would do so well in it. I feel like there's so many things that I like could have seen you in and it's just fun. Like it'll, you'll, you'd be nervous like the first time you do it and then after that you're just not anymore. The same thing as like a live show. Like a live show was terrifying for me the first time. And then after that you've done it. I know. I guess I'm just fucking passionate about performing for a crowd. I think you hit the nail on the head in the sense that I am, I'm so fucking like neck deep in beating Tana Mongeau that it is really hard for me to like, and I've just always been passionate about things that do revolve around.


I don't know my own personality when I, and like acting is such a talent, I can't stress that enough. And Like I think that and the fact that people do memorize all the lines and their eye lines and where their hands are supposed to be. Yeah, it's gift and they're blinking and their inflection and all of that. And then a movie will come out and then people will still say that their acting was so fucking horrible. That shit is so hard. It's like, it's hard. Think pole vaulting is easier. Trust me, I was horrible and everybody knows it. But Like I for example, like Amanda, Amanda Diaz lives next door and she like is constantly doing self tapes and so who has to self tape with her? Me. Okay. So by the time I've fucking gone through this so many times, I am Susie on the other end of this fucking scene.


You know what I mean? So I've been practicing Okay. And I think I could play it. It is, I can't even stress. It's, I think it's the hardest thing in the world. My hats go off especially to just people who can really like, it's crazy and like people Who like take it there, like with characters that are so unrealistic, like, like, or become like such completely different people from like movie to movie. There are some act actors who like always play like some version of themselves. Blake Lively says this, like when she was doing like the press work for it ends with us. Like she was saying like she's always played like people similar enough to her. Like I almost feel like it would be fucking easier to be like, I'm trying to think of someone who's a good example who's played like, like Reese Witherspoon is like, she's always gonna be like a, a cute, like blonde bubbly Jennifer Coolidge like Adam saying that.


Yeah. Like People get time ca typecast. But there's some actors that are like actually just completely transformative and they like become completely different people. I feel Like Margot Robbie, Leonardo DiCaprio. Yeah, Margot Robbie's like amazing for like Ta Tanya, I Tanya versus Barbie like Crazy. Like that's insane. I also just wanna say in my one week of side quest acting, fuck all the people who have some shit to say about like Austin, what's his name? Austin Butler be becoming Elvis and Ariana Grande becoming Galinda. Like, I'm already like, like just in my one week, I'm like, can I like, it's like if I actually end up doing this And I come back, it's a completely different person. I completely understand why you're like, for 18 hours a day you're being someone else.


And then the other 12 you're just thinking about how tomorrow you have to go be that someone else again. Yeah. And commit to it. Like, no fucking wonder Austen. But I would baby hunk, hunk a burn and love. I would think I was Elvis too, but fuck 100%. And I You don't have time to be Austen. I really, I get exactly. Honestly, I've experienced this in just regular life because of how often I've completely adapt my personality by accident and then just, it stuck. And that's why you guys have seen so many versions of me. It's just, I, I can't even believe, you know, this is my last night in this house in our last podcast on the gray couch. And I don't why the one Will take Us. Wait, so this couch is coming but it's going in the movie room.


Okay. So we can do like, We can sit on this couch still, but from all further episodes will be from your house and Yeah. You Guys won't see this again. Yeah. Which is kinda wild. 'cause I feel like yes, we shot this podcast from many other places, but this feels like we've been through the most up here on this couch, you know, and just even just people like that girl on tour who like drew this. Oh, That was so cute On like, she drew this amount of couch and us sitting like this. And I don't know, I'm just thinking about all the fucking, I don't know why in my mind the one thing I'm thinking about is like, you want to be on the podcast, Alyssa. I don't know why that's coming to my mind, but Oh my gosh. Just moments. I literally talked to her yesterday. No Way.


By accident. I keep having this recurring dream that her And I like fist fight. Really? I am that angry. I'm still, I still feel Really, I'm not that angry. You know what I'm, it's different. It's, it's personal. I'm feeling a lot less angry lately. Like, I feel like there's a lot of people I reamed into like a little too hard who I like probably Like I should have reevaluated my situations at that time For the most part. I think I'm the opposite of you. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, anytime I spoke up about someone on this podcast, I fucking meant what I said. Like I meant, I meant what I said, but I sometimes I feel Like I, I'm so emotional and Like I feel things so deeply that it was like, it was actually never that deep. You know what I mean?


Mm. And there's people who Like, I really just cooked, I think. Okay, I get what you're saying. I Think, and it wasn't that deep. I think anytime I was talking about a person, I pretty much like what I was feeling. Like I, I still feel Well I feel like you usually like see things for exactly as they are And I see things for what they are. Absolutely not. That's fair. And Like, I don't know, Alyssa, Alyssa was just personal in years of feeling a type of way and like whatever. So that's a personal I do, you know which one I have been thinking about a lot lately though that I think I would do differently as Brittany broski. Like I, Yeah, I saw her at the Gladiator premier And I like wanted to be like, oh my God, I'm such a big fan. But then I was like, oh, she hates you. I think that, And by you I mean, I mean, I mean me, Like I don't mean, well You, I mean I think I was just personally offended by the way that that text was worded.


But now hindsight, 2020, like no shit. Brittany Broski doesn't wanna come on the fucking Cancelled podcast And she was really ahead of her time. Let her cook. Like I obviously still should have never said the, the wine lady's name, but that's, that's really it for me. That was pretty bad that I think I just, I think I just wish I could have turned the volume down on myself for a couple things. Do you know what I'm saying? Like That's so, that's so, so, so fair. Like I wish, Like I I Zach's saying shouldn't have been so loud, you know what I mean? Matt Rife shouldn't have been so loud. Clinton Cain turn it up. Well that's just, that's you sweetie. You feel zero or a hundred, you know.


I know Then that's my bad. But you know what? I'm slaying this medication journey contrary to popular belief, Your medicine is the best thing that ever happened. It is ever, ever happened. And I love you so much for it. Like slay down your Amazing, have you ever been to the Rose Bowl? No, I went to the Rose Bowl this morning. You've Been doing a lot of like jingle ball, rose Bowl. I know. I thought the Rose Bowl was a football game, which me too. Imagine my dismay when I got there and it was a flea market. Like I'm imagining it in an arena. It was, It's an arena, but it's like a, it's a flea market in the arena. So it's like that's so sick. It's enormous and it's so huge. But they have just the coolest stuff. Like you would have the best day ever.


But I regret not bringing my wagon because you need a wagon if you're gonna get things there because it's like, what are you gonna carry like a, a coffee table around like, so Where is it in Pasadena? It's In Pasadena. It's at the Rose Bowl. But I Always say I live in LA but it's Like I just go to the same six places. It's so sad. Well, I didn't even know what it was. Apparently everybody knows about it for us. I Feel like you're always, always just doing something. You're always on like a side quest in LA though. Like you really make the most of living in la Well, I have a lot, most of my best friends here are from la so they'd like, you know. Oh, so they like take you to things that are not as like Awful. Yeah, or just they just like know where to go or like everything. But there were so many like, just funny things. Oh, by the way, what made me think of it is because I was looking for my lip gloss a second ago.


Tell me why I have this Wells Fargo belt that I got today. What do you mean? Wells Fargo Belt? It's a belt with a Wells Fargo. I really need that since everyone thinks I'm a fucking bank. You do With this house Just every day. That's I'm just swipe malicious galore just, and everything costs $17,000. I don't know if you knew, but when you're buying a house, everything costs $17,000. Yeah. You don't realize how many things you have to pay for too. When you buy a house, which is Like, everything costs $17,000 when you're buying a house. Everything That's so crazy. Although Everything needs insurance, by the way, you're gonna, why does the grass need insurance? I trust that the grass will be fine. I Trust you shouldn't, we're in la there's droughts. I, You know, I know.


No, there's, there's drought insurance, there's fire insurance, there's gutters, there's, It is hard. But once I'm telling you right now, once the dust settles, you're gonna be so grateful sitting in your house and knowing I still have this money except it's in the shape of a bathtub. I do completely agree. I think I, it's finally the way I process emotion is so different. Like, I'm just now being like, wow, I bought a house. I'm so happy for you. It's crazy To me. I've been wanting you to do this literally since the day we met. I just wanna say though, to every single person who said to me like, you are so fucking stupid. You haven't bought property. It's so easy.


Suck me. That visual was worse than the orange. It is the hard, it's the hardest thing I've ever done. It is the hardest process. I think that it's, it's the tale is all the time that I always say that I've amazing luck, but horrible luck. Like where like, I'm so lucky I can buy a house, but like every single thing that's going to go wrong is gonna go wrong, is going to go wrong. Like in that sense, That can go wrong, will go wrong. That's Murphy's Law In the final, I don't even know if I wanna like go into this, but in the final days, in the final days, And I don't, I just wanna let you guys know as well, when I say like, it's so hard, the anxiety of being in escrow is some of the most heightened anxiety.


Like, it's like you put your, all your money on the table, you know what I mean? And it's just like you're waiting for this to close and it to be yours. You don't have a move in date. Like when you have a lease that's so horrifying. Like, I don't know when, just let me just, I don't fucking know. Sure. Just whenever everything falls through to the point that I think after months of touring houses, after finally finding the one, after the escrow being done, like everything people say, don't fall in love with the house till, you know what I mean? Till it's like you can't back out. Right. And so I'm in this stage now where I can't back out and like the worst case scenario happens to me where Like, I can lose this house, right? And I'm just sobbing every day. I am on the phone for fucking like 18 hours a day.


And the reasoning was because four years ago I bought someone a car And I know how crazy is that? Just a good deed. I still stand on it. I love her. No Good deed goes unpunished. She didn't even do anything wrong either. Like, I don't even want people to like go find her reach out or anything because it's just Like, I bought her a car And I love her so much. And now like, you know, she, she doesn't work with me anymore, but she's still one of my best friends. She didn't do anything wrong either. Like, she would never hurt me or fuck me over in any way of her. If there was a gun to her head and it was like, fuck TANA over, she would die. Like, And I, I know that. I believe you know that. Yeah. Like, you know, and just the car, she ended up totaling the car and it somehow affected me so horribly.


And then the people that I pay to be on top of these things Missed it, Had a vacation for 10 months while it just sat and fucked me every fucking month. And so then the owner of this house who's selling it to me is like, Hey, fuck you close. Yeah, I have someone waiting with cash. More cash. No more, more cash. Kill them. More cash than you. More cash waiting to buy this house right fucking House. I'm like, who has more cash than you? No, but someone. And so then I have to start paying the owner of this house, $15,000 a day on top of the purchase price until I can do it for like weeks.


Like just, Oh wow. I'm so happy it's done. But to everyone, it's just so crazy that I was 21 and people were being like, why haven't you bought a house yet? I wasn't smart enough. Like, I don't any Well I also, there's an element to it too, where this is like a different house buying process than like, like a, the average Joe, because it's a big, huge, enormous mansion. I I Don't, but I don't, it's like Jake Paul bought a $10 million house when he was like 18. I don't really, but I just think, I don't know. Like even Bella Thorn, I know she, I just, I'm trying to think of all the people I know who just bought houses and it was so easy for them. But like for me and my circumstances, I'm so happy I waited. I also would've bought a house in like the shape of a flower.


You know? I would've, yeah. I hate this is, that's the worst thing about like life in general is like taste changing. Like that's how I, Like, I fear for that in relationships. I fear for that in everything because it's like, if I still wanted what I wanted five years ago, Like I don't of, of course I don't. I'm so happy I didn't. So it's like how can you commit to anything? Even just now, all the houses, Like I, I don't know if I've said this, but like the house that I'm buying, Like I'm not madly in love with Like, I bought, I buying the thing that is the best investment. It's gonna be through amazing. I love the love the houses. I love in love with it. And that's what really matters. That's True. The houses that I loved though, like all ev I fell in love with this house. I still think about it, but it was a horrible investment and Like, I'm just thinking about what I would've bought in those eras and it's Like, I'm so glad I didn't, I don't know.


Well I'm excited for our little new chapter. Thank you. Hopefully we have a set. I feel like it's gonna, it just marks like the start of a different, This is the, this is the end of my life as I knew it. I think in a lot of ways. And it's good. It's a very, it's the newest chapter I feel Like I felt since I moved to la So I'm, I'm ex I'm very excited for you. Oh God. And what perfect timing with your one year in a like, it's just perfect. It really, it really like it does. I feel this chapter, it's, it's great. But I wanted to talk shit about that mom who won't buy her kid a winter coat. I have so much to Like, I like should do that on Patreon. Stupid Bitch. We should do it on Patreon. We should go over to the Patreon.


'cause I do, I have a lot of other topics. Sorry, I need to check on my cat. I also think I'm losing my mind and or a psychic. Like I'm either schizophrenic or psychic and there's no in between. I'm sorry. Hold on one second. In the meadow, we can build a snowman. Alright guys, we're gonna head on over to the Patreon because there are like nine people on my for you page that I need to talk shit about for sure. And we love you so, so, so very much. Happy holiday season. The weather outside is frightful. The fire is so delightful. Get me off this fucking mic. Seriously. Bye guys. Love You.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have A busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody walks into the elevator and says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover. Today is actually Friday. So yes. Happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy fry. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.