(0s):
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.aus.edu slash military. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.ap.edu/military.

(1m 0s):
Hello. Hello And welcome Back to the Cancelled Podcast. Woo. We change a scenery. We are at my house. I'm loving this. It's so Gorgeous. I'm loving it too. It just looks like a normal day in my apartment. I'm like, It's just it. You're so good at like decorating. Thank you. Like it's so crazy. All the bits and bobs and faces and, but it's not The same way with like anything. The way I get dressed, the way I decorate everything is always the same. It's Like I copied something else, But I just, And I like the fact that you thought to put an orange rug here is actually like mind blowing. I was supposed to Be maroon, But still I just Like, I can't, I can't interior decorate to save my fucking life. I think you can. I think you just always have such big spaces that you can't like curate like one specific vision.

(1m 44s):
Like Couch is never touching the wall. My vision Ever. The couch on the wall Dunno each other. My vision is always Like, I want Maximalist. I hate, I do not subscribe to the like very clean, modern look. Did you guys see what they did to the home alone house? Wait, no. What'd they do to the home alone house? Oh no. Oh, You guys are gonna be heartbroken. They, man, They did. They made 16 glam. This is like a death. This is like a death. No, That makes me, oh, did they paint the brick white Home alone house before and I'm imagining white and gray marble And I was that bitch for so long listening. We all were. I really was. I remember I had like no money And I was looking up how to like put white and gray marble in my like parents' house and like was gonna buy like sticky patches.

(2m 25s):
It's like essentially this across the entire house. Oh, that's so sad. That's really disgraceful. And Like, I love like wallpaper and carpet and colors and Like I know that most people don't like carpet these days, but I just think it's gonna make a comeback any day now. I hate modern architecture so fucking much. Me Too. And just honestly the color white anywhere in a house, like Buildings are losing all of their character and it makes me so fucking Sad. I know. Yeah. You go to like she was saying like when she was in Europe, like everything is like so gorgeous and perfect and ours is like made of like stucco and fucking, I Can't believe men chiseled that shit in Europe. Like I'll never get over that. Like statues like what do you mean? What gets me is the pyramids. Like how the fuck did you guys do that?

(3m 6s):
Yeah. It's kind of fucking Crazy alien. They could do that on the challenge. I wanna apologize to everyone 'cause I'm gonna be sniffling into the mic the entire time. I'm Like I SMR. I think we're all sick. Everyone is sick right now. All Did you guys see, you just saw Liz Gillies. Oh yeah, I did see Liz Gillies. That's So insane. I'm obsessed with her. Me Too. It was so, so the fact that I keep catching the plus one invite to Seth McFarland's Christmas party with Miss Trevi Moran is so iconic. I can't even deal. It's so good. It's so funny too. It's like such a, 'cause it was literally in the middle of Hollywood, like across from Barleys. Like think about the difference in those two cities. Where did I just go right there? Like there's a lot like right in that little area. Yeah, but like everyone there is like, was like 60.

(3m 49s):
Like I feel like if you averaged out the age of all the people there, like 60. And I wore this dress with like a heart cutout Sabrina Carpenter style And I was Like, I am the whore of the town. I am literally the town bike. The town whole, no, it Was the, those the best places. And no one appreciates a slutty outfit. Quite like an old man. No, But I, And I know, but then I was just watching the wives like, it just, I hate being that whore. Like I No, I understand that. Like I needed a fucking floor length gown. So I needed a moo so bad. It was honestly, it was so great though. I love Seth McFarland so much and him and Liz Gilley's ate down. It looked so fun. It looked star studded. I felt Like I was in like a TikTok, like watching them, I was like, there's no way I'm watching this live.

(4m 29s):
I Can't even like imagine seeing him in person. It's, I mean it's definitely interesting too. Like I kind of like being in environments where I don't know people. 'cause like it like forces you to like socialize in a different way. And I was definitely just socializing with all the oldies. I feel that so hard. I like, you know, when you bring someone or like when you're with a friend and that's like your crutch and then you end up only talking to each other. Yeah. That happens to me so often that Like, I get so grateful when I'm like sent in to like thrown in the water alone. It It forces you. I'm like, and that's literally exactly how I'm gonna be on the challenge. I just had to go to this paper magazine thing dead alone. Like they were, they did no plus once for a reason to like cur a certain Yeah. You posted with Lisa Rena?

(5m 9s):
Yeah, they sat us next to each other. I was like, damn. Like what a like lotto ticket for me. She was so sweet and nice. I mean, I love her daughter, so I was just kinda Like, I love your Daughter. I wish she was my mom. You know, she would be such a fun mom. Although Like I was telling her about my vape, it was cool. Do you think she vapes? She for sure vapes. I don't know. And she was just, were talking about hair and she was, I don't know. Can you believe those lips are real? No way. I didn't know That. Yeah, that's why Delilah and Amelia have 'em. Oh, that makes perfect sense. I have like sick brain bird flu is going around. I definitely Have it Los I heard about that. And another one bird flu and like meningitis I think or something. Oh great. Or something Like, I always say something like things on pot Cancelled that are like completely misinformed and just out of nowhere and everyone's like, she's so Stupid.

(5m 51s):
It's just like, what if you walked into the house And I was perched up like a bird cawing. Wait, Can I tell, can I tell them what you, I witnessed like three days ago. I'm so, this is so embarrassing for me. I wasn't even gonna bring it to the podcast. Like, I have to really eat this one. Go ahead. No, speaking of like dress like a bird, caca. When I walk in, I walk into the house two days ago, she's on all fours with a tail on a mask on and little paws going, noow noow. I just, I walked right past her. I go, okay, No. So I was trying to do a YouTube video. Wait, Mako. And I got into this whole conversation where I was like, Hey, would you love me if I was a furry, right. Duh. Was this a video you were gonna do like a whole week as a furry? Yes. And so Mako, he was just kind of thought I was Clowning me, brunette me.

(6m 34s):
And he was like, no. Literally a furry, he was clowning me and he was just being like, Tana, you could be a furry tomorrow. No one's going to like believe you. Like, you know what I mean? Like no matter how hard you commit to this, everyone's gonna know it's for the bit. Like you can't, whatever. And then I tried to be a furry and literally not one person reacted at all. Like everyone was just like, yep, Tana's a furry today. And I was like, damn. Like you people really are just sick of my shit. Yeah. No one gave a fuck that. I was a furry literally at all. Which is so embarrassing. Like, imagine me having to go to bed, the psychological warfare that night. I was like, damn. Like I really was just on all floors. Like my knees hurt. No, you Had to do something like a little bit more subtle. That would be like believable. No, But you know what's sad to I was eating was food out of a bowl on the floor. Like I, well I mean like don't, don't commit to being a furry commit, commit to being like a gym rat.

(7m 18s):
But like, you know what's sad? Like something that like is off, but like could happen If she took me aside and like really like sat me down for a one-on-one and she was like, Paige, Like I really have to confess something. I think I'm a furry at heart. I'd be like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. And if she were serious, like that'd be so sad. So even if you were serious, I wouldn't believe you. It's 'cause I'm just, I like, literally the only reason I'm still alive to this day is having a bit, like having a bit is the main thing that keeps me alive. And it's just like now every, it's a bit Right now, I don't actually know. The furry thing was just, just happened. So I have confusion about furries personally. Okay. Because there were there obviously like, like rumors, like floating around school. Like there was rumors that they all had to like, have an orgy to like get in the group.

(8m 0s):
Okay. Right. Should We call in Kevin Gates? You're saying like, I forgot Kevin Gates is a furry, it's like getting jumped into a gang except you get fucked into being a furry. That's what I mean. And that's what they, I heard that's why it was like such a scandal to be furry and like, well, When I was shopping for my tail, it was crazy. That butt plug tails were just like a hop skip and a jump away. You know, like two clicks and you're on butt plug tail. What Store was that? Yeah, Amazon Kind Of crazy Of stuff on Amazon. Wait, that's, that's where I also think I fucked up. I think I should have gotten something really official and legit like a $500 A persona. Yeah. And I, okay. Honestly, if you Persona is so Funny.

(8m 42s):
I notice like, hold on. Anyway, m like, so if you guys were furries, what would you be? So why the Fuck do you tell me? Do tell. I don't know. It's just like common knowledge, right? I mean I guess it is now I'm, I'm I'm still trying. Next Question. Do they choose an animal or are they just like they have fur? What do you mean? That's such a good question. I don't know. See, I was a cat and then I did realize in the process that I'm way more dog And I was like, whoa. Like fuck one up. Do you think so? I dog Do don't think you're way more dog. No. 'cause I was like licking my hands to clean them and like meowing. And I was like, this isn't me. You sleep all day up all night. That's a cat. Ooh. Ooh. Knock things over all the time. Yeah. Push things off. The things off the counter just to piss people off.

(9m 24s):
That's a cat thing. Damn. Maybe I am more cat. I don't know. I just Box cats. I wasn't feeling it at all. I don't know. Well if you're a child came to you and asked or said like, mom, I'm a furry, would you welcome them with open arms? Yes. Yes. I would. I Really think I would be like Kevin Gates. I really think I would put that fucking tail on and be like, let's run a gate. You would, You know, I would Would, I guess I would just have questions. Because again, my understanding of furries right now is like, oh, you had to have an orgy to get in. So if my kid comes home and says I'm a furry, I'm, I'm moving her schools. You know what I mean? Like that's concerning to me. That's not like a fun club to be in in my experience.

(10m 5s):
That's Why I have to have multiple kids because like one can be a furry, I can have kid that's a furry, like Everyone has to be like the star cubie. No, but see then when you put it like that, it's Like I would rather have a furry Fuck. Yeah. Really. I wanna Like I Imagine long ass day at work and you come home and your kid's just on all literally what happened to you, your kid's just on all fours eating out of a bowl. I would just like step right over them and be like, okay, come get your kibble. Yeah. I feel like I've trained you to be completely unfazed by anything. You are my child. Like you have put me through mommy bootcamp. You're Gonna be the best mom. 'cause you're gonna be like, wow, how easy is this? I know it's gonna be a Breeze. It's like a Newborn. She's like fucking cooking.

(10m 47s):
She's cleaning babying on her own. She Just always like, goes so above and beyond with her. Like, care for me, obviously like you're my best friend, but also just being my assistant. Like, we're in the car and you're just like, how did, does your tummy still hurt? And I'm like, Paige, you don't have to do that. I like take pictures of her like it's her first day at school. Like she's going to like a red carpet. I'm like, wait, wait. Smile, Smile. I'm Like, I packed your lunchbox. Wait. That's cute though. Sweet. She is my little baby. I'm Trying to think of real topics. I have, I guess we should say before we get into the episode, this is our final, this is our final episode that we're filming this year. Wait, so aw, Piggybacking off of that, did we forget to do the annual Cancelled podcast awards? Sorry, bird flu.

(11m 28s):
Oh my God. We did. Or like we do that as our first episode of January. We Should do that as our first episode of January. I forgot about that. You'd be funny. I feel like your categories would be funny too. We should all do that. Wait, I can't wait. Yeah, that's, We have to to, yeah. I Was just thinking about it because I saw something that like, or I saw a clip of it And I was like, oh fuck. Like did we forget to do that? Oh my God, we should completely do that in January. We can start writing it now and it'll be even better than the first annual. Right. Good. But that's, sorry, what you were saying was No, this is, this is the last episode we're filming I think after this. We interviewed Alex Warren a while ago and it's just been so wholesome. So we've been kind of figuring out when the timing would be right to put out a wholesome episode. So we're gonna put this one out, trying to put this one out asap so that the topics are on time. And, and then Alex Warren.

(12m 9s):
And then we'll be back like mid-January. And I just want everyone to know That should I like rent out the Gershwin theater so we can do like the Steam isn? Is that Amaris? Yeah. Oh my God. We should imagine we host like the live steamy, like the live Cancelled Awards. That is fun. There's so many cancellations and things like even just, I feel like this past month has been so jam packed of stuff. Like every day it's like something new. It's just so much shit that the Blake Lively shit came up today. I need to do more research on that before I start speaking on that. God, It it just goes to show like how quickly it can like, turn on its head. It is nuts. It is really nuts.

(12m 44s):
When You're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military

(13m 14s):
Train or transfer at Blue Ridge Community and Technical College train to enter the ever-evolving workforce with practical experience or transfer with our established university transfer agreements and cut the cost of earning a four year degree in half. No application fee required. No matter your aspirations, you can feel confident in pursuing your future with us Blue Ridge ctc. Your stepping stone to success. To learn more, visit blue ridge ctc.edu/apply. That's blue ridge ctc.edu/apply.

(13m 45s):
It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings Casino. With this season's offerings, you'll unwrap everything you wished for From table games and jackpots to a slot at the top of everyone's list. Jingle Bells power reels. DraftKings is offering a warm welcome to new players with ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS INSTANTLY IN CASINO CREDITS with just a $10 wager. Plus EVERYONE can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code Cancelled because the holiday cheer is here Only on DraftKings Casino Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present In Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Opt in required Casino Credits are non withdraw and expire in 160 eight hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.

(14m 38s):
I'm trying to see, feel it out. If I wanna talk about Grace and Brie or not, it's just like my whole fucking timeline. That's all I know these days. Everywhere. Like I haven't even seen the Blake Blake Bagley shit. But it's also, and it's just so like, Like I know Grace Andree personally, but the amount of shit I now know because of these tiktoks it, it feels almost parasocial with these literal people that I know. You know what I Mean? Well it feels like intrusive. Like I almost feel like, oh my God. Like I shouldn't even like people like leaking have this information. Yeah, Like leaking personal dms and stuff. Like I should not have access to that. But I also feel like when a famous person is DMing their fans lore, like they Have in the back of their mind like, oh this is gonna get posted. Yeah. Like if I'm sending a DM to anyone like a fan, like, you know what I mean?

(15m 20s):
Like I, I know that I'm running the risk of like it being Yeah. Publicized. Yeah. One thing if they're sending you a nice dm, if they're sending you a hate dm, obviously they're gonna post it. Yeah. Like that's, it's just so wild. I don't know, what was I gonna say? I got in trouble And I, it's so funny because you were at my house actually And I was sitting there debating this for like an hour and a half. It was like before we went to film us going to Home Goods for the Patreon, I was in my bathroom. I was getting ready, you know, listening to Taylor Swift And I hear that fucking song. I didn't have it in myself to go with Grace. And I was like, how funny of a TikTok, I have not seen this. And then I tried to caption it to like, this is just a joke.

(16m 3s):
Like this is not me involving myself at all. Obviously. Like That didn't go over well I guess don't post it if you really don't wanna be involved, but Like, I made a funny, okay, I made a funny And I was excited about what funny That I made. Yeah, there was a gap in the market. No one had made that joke yet. And I just felt like someone had to make that joke. That's the problem with me and these demons is it's like someone has to make the joke. I think you are like the mind of this generation for that. It's really incredible. And then, I don't know, Brianna was on BFFs and just like seemed upset at me for it. Yeah, I get both sides, but I know that if you or me was in a scandal, they're not avoiding it on BFFs, That're Going straight to BS to talk about it.

(16m 43s):
That's in my experience anyway. I also just think it's funny, I think it was Dave that brought it up and he was like, Tana just needs to like, use this to like gain publicity or whatever. Like however he worded it. So I was like, Taylor does not need you. So joking. Oh No. Well, okay, but, And I'm, I'm not even like, 'cause I'm, I like Dave, whatever, but like he did, he was Like, I just fucking hate these stupid accounts. All they post is drama. These grown ass people just posting about drama. I'm like grown drama. I love you. But that's what BFFs is, the pot. I think that's where I'm at. 'cause I, I texted Brianna about it after I saw it because I was just like, yes, we Kiki and like our, you know, colleague like internet, you know, whatever network, but like network you're gonna, you're gonna BFFs about anything I'm doing and if that lobbies me more hate then so be it.

(17m 29s):
Right? Yeah. It's, and half the time was, and it's Like I wasn't even, you know, Like I wasn't even commenting on it. Like I was just Like, I made a funny Yeah, you Didn't, you didn't make a TikTok that was like team Grace. Like Yeah, But, And I made another TikTok actually where I said Team Grace. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. It's just 'cause all the comments I keep seeing, even the paparazzi team Grace and I'm like, God damn I, I have no choice what to jump outta that window. Like that is, I'm gonna be 80 in hearing even the paparazzi team blink. Oh God, I think you know what, those who know you love you and know your heart and know that you had good intentions posting that. I really, I just, I made it funny. I made it silly. I didn't mean to add to any of it because I really Like, I can't imagine what that feels like for like both of them.

(18m 9s):
Like that's just so ass and it's like, it's Horrible. It's horrible. Yeah. I genuinely feel like even if something ever happened with like you And I, it's Like I feel like we would sit down and we would, you know, we'd probably, if let's say we were pissed or whatever, we'd probably have to cool off, right? But then like we would sit down and film an episode like just, you know, like, hey, this is Fighting each other. No, Like a breakup video. You Guys are crying. Yeah. Like we broke up. Who is it? David. David. Literally like that's, it's just, I wish they could just sit down and like do that. Like it, you know what I mean? On Camera so many moving parts and stuff. But like, oh God, how frustrating. Like for something like so personal and stuff, obviously like they're online figures and stuff, but I do not subscribe to that like concept of like, you know, what you were getting into. 'cause it's like everybody, they're doing this for fun, everyone's doing this for fun and no one's expecting to like have to like deal with something that personal and horrible on like such a massive scale.

(18m 58s):
A 15 year friendship breakup is arguably the most painful thing you can go through other than like a death. It's horrible. And also like what kind of sucks about it is like, it maybe might not have been so set in stone if there weren't so many public opinions on it. It might have been like a big falling out they had for like a couple months and like, but now there's so many elements that like, have made it so much bigger and crazier because of all the people who are commenting on it and fueling the fire involving themselves and like, like, you know, professional things that are happening. Like it's just, it's almost like too big now for them to ever even Yeah like that feeling of like, oh I have to stand on business and like whatever. But like it just, I have so many thoughts but I just don't like know if I should go down the like parasocial speculation route, you know?

(19m 43s):
Mm of like what I don't know if I should like, if I'm then adding to the what I think is a problem, I just think that people end up themselves. Oh Like in then, And I don't even mean, I mean that to be crazy, but like that amount of hate like that both of them are getting like people literally themselves. It's Abnormal. It's not obstructive. It's like, that's the thing is it's just like, even if all these people think that there are things Rihanna needs to change, like j exactly. Like just bullying someone to oblivion is not, you know what I Mean? And your singular opinion feels like you're a singular opinion. But on that, like with everybody, every one else in the world's single opinion on top of it, it's like, it's so massive and like nobody understands what that feels like until you experience it.

(20m 24s):
So it's Like I wouldn't wish that on anyone. I Don't know. Looking back on my, I mean me personally, like I'm so grateful for all the times people told me to myself, Like I needed to reflect. No. Yeah, but maybe you weren't Like, I don't know. In my experience I'm like, okay, You know? Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. That is fair. Like it, let's ask the audience. Yeah, I say that now because I'm so happy in the ways that I've grown. But in the moment it didn't feel like that. So I take that back Just so yeah, it, that was just as scary. Like I thought about it in this, this I, I know like Liam Payne didn't kill himself, but when he died, Like I had the thought, my initial thought was that he must have himself. 'cause at the time he was getting so he was so much hate that I was like, oh my God. Like what are people gonna say now? Because like this two days ago, the narrative online was like he's the worst, most disgusting person on the planet and now he just passed away.

(21m 6s):
Well it's so abnormal because it's like you hear one comment in your day-to-day life about yourself and like that shit will stick with you for a week after. And then it's like, let alone seeing thousands and thousands of comments from people online like that is not normal for like the human brain not be like dealing with any of that. Yeah. There's No studies on that. Here's What I'm gonna say. I've never seen a get out of jail free card pr wise, marketing wise like that. Like the, her breakup coming at that time to like, do you know what I mean? Like just people's princessy her once again and then to now have the like I've just never seen anything like this. The most rapid incline and then decline I've ever seen.

(21m 47s):
I just assumed that after this Zach Bryan thing, everyone would forget about those takes. And then like she would people's princess all the way home. Like I did not, I predict Yeah, this happening and So fast, So, so fast. Like it's just, it's really crazy to me. And it's, it's just like so interesting. Like I want to know what girl Boss town has to say Honestly. Like she's, I'm, it's happening too fast for even her to keep up. Girl boss town's head is spinning. If you want my personal girl boss advice, Brie Grace, sit down on a couch, hash it out, live on camera, put it behind a paywall. Oh my God. It's so true. True. And I, my Advice, phones down, cameras down honestly.

(22m 27s):
Go on a couple's retreat. I'm like, or WWE E SmackDown. Oh my god. Yeah. I really don't even know. Mud, mud fight. Wait, pay-per-view bar boxing Match. I'm saying Grace Would fucking drop the floor. She she boxed remember? Yes. Really? That's so iconic. And she slayed. That is so iconic. Wait, honestly, now I want to see that I would pay 20 bucks. I have to say her immediately having to get on the mic and do standup. Like being on tour amidst all of this. Like I, I just, I can't imagine the fucking mental of that. I'm hoping it was like helpful for her honestly. Like to have an outlet and also something that she's just excited about and passionate about.

(23m 7s):
Yeah. But imagine that feeling like genuinely put yourself in her shoes. Like about to walk out on that stage. Like the, your public breakup was just announced two days ago and now you have this show and you can either talk about it or not. Like, and she killed it. Like her set was so great And I was like damn. I was really impressed. Have You ever seen the video of Katie Perry like before she goes on stage? I think she was dating, who was it at the time? Orlando Bloom. Orlando Bloom. And he texted her. Oh yes. Texting, calling it off. Oh my God. And she was sobbing minutes before she had to go on Stage. The one that got away, it's the best ever. Everyone like in the back room with her was like, it's okay, you can cancel the show if you can't do it. Like blah blah blah. But everyone's like, there are thousands of fans out there like relying on you for this would like, what do you wanna do?

(23m 48s):
And I would, she's better Than me. I would've gone out there. I just Got broken up. I Like, I So sorry. Shows up. No and she wiped her fucking tears. She went up and she killed it. Which is so crazy. And it made, oh my god. Great Documentary show. She can With A broken heart. Dude, it's so insane. So impressive. I have a couple apologies. Oh. Oh Shit. First one being to my mother. Oh Yeah we should, we do like end of the year. Apologies. No, this is like literally just from the last episode. No honestly this one, like my mom texted me the other day, she goes like something along the lines of like, you owe me an apology. And I was like, I'm not reading the rest of this. I've seen this before. But then I saw what she wrote, the rest of it and she was like, how many years have I been telling you that this was gonna happen to P Diddy?

(24m 28s):
And I'm thinking about it, I'm like, oh my God, my mom has been saying this for like six years. See I onto something with my conspiring. I'm like, maybe she's a clairvoyant too. No, But like should Join forces. The thing is my mom is watching these like videos, these like really like, you know woo woo videos on online. But she's been telling me, she's like, there's huge like nasty sex trafficking rings in LA and Like I'm just afraid of you getting involved in that. And I'm like, she's crazy. Ate down with that one little thing. Yeah, I mean Even a broken clock funny. It's not funny. Nothing about that is funny by the way. But I'm trying to think if I have any end of the year. Apologies. I actually, I don't. But I have a question. Why was I mad at Nick Vile?

(25m 9s):
Because you wanna know what happened to me the other night? Oh I walk into Seth McFarland's And I was just Like, I feel like I'm not gonna know anyone here. And then I was just thinking in my head like if I do Like I hope it's people I like. 'cause I feel like a lot of times I go out and then like I'll have a night in Hollywood where I just run into like two people I don't like, I've been here for 10 years. Shit happens. You know? And I like said something out loud. I was Like, I hope it's people I like first person who comes up to me this beautiful girl. She's like, oh my god, hi. I just wanna say like love you so much. Like whatever. And I'm Natalie And I was like Oh my God, hi like whatever. And then she introduced herself and she's like, and this is my husband. Yeah Nick, whatever, it's Nick vile and his wife. And I'm sitting there and I'm like, Like I know that I'm mad right? I know that you've done something to upset me but I don't know what it is.

(25m 51s):
So then I had to stand on this fake business. I was like, hey, hi. It's nice. And I knew it had something to do with Jojo Siwa And I happened to be with her that day. Yes. And I looked at him And I was Like, I was with jojo today, still had no idea why I was mad. Only connect to those dots and like walked away Because as I'll tell you what you were mad about. He, you said something negative about jojo on we we How negative, We probably said something negative about Jojo. Are you sure that it wasn't us just like making fun of the like karma music video. The 21st birthday. That could have been it too Construction. Best One. I feelt like it was something serious 'cause then I would remember it anyways. Well we said some something like off about Jojo whether it was a joke or not. And then they went on vial files and like cooked us and really they really only cooked you.

(26m 37s):
But I think it's 'cause I'm personality. That's so funny. So We were mad at him and honestly I stand on that because he was kind of rude about you. I wonder what he said. We're still standing on business. I have To do my real Apology. I saw, I remember seeing the clip And I was like really mad. I was like, wait, I don't like that. Maybe we should look into it though. 'cause like let's look Into it. 'cause it's Like I'm, I'm just really trying to write my wrongs. But it was just so funny 'cause I'm standing there and I'm being like kind of a bitch and I'm just like, in my head I'm like, girl, you don't even know why you're being a bitch. Like, do I have the grounds to be doing this? I mean I see both sides 'cause it's like we've defended our friends, you know what I mean? And then like Nick vile, Like I would do that.

(27m 17s):
I definitely have an end of the apology. Oh wait, I'm excited. Okay. Wait. There's Drama between Tana Mongeau and Jojo Siwa. Jojo was the guest on, I have myself. Oh, I asked if Jojo Siwa had ever tried to perk 30. Which I, I can actually, I can actually agree that I should have drafted that one. No, it's Incredible. Wait. Yeah. Okay. So I was misremembering this particular s situation, but I still think they could have been nicer, but I think we could have been nicer too. That's True. You just keep like getting yourself in hot water over making funnies. I think that's hilarious. You're A comedian At The beginning of So era when she was like bad girl. Like I had some questions. You know what I mean?

(27m 58s):
Wiel with, and she knew that she, she, I think she was very intentional And I we're cool And I think that she was trying to make us laugh. And I think she's a comedian too. Did you guys know that Nara Smith and Jojo Siwa are just months apart? Like no. But yes at this point. Like yeah, Nara Has three children Months, Months apart in age. I mean like one of them's 22, 1 of them's 23. I hate that. I literally hate That. I'm just Like, I was watching Naras video today and she was talking about how she was 19 when she had her first baby and someone called, I read the comments and everyone's like, the fact that her and Jojo were the same age. That's Actually crazy. I've been Nara Smith is actually so funny 'cause I've been on back of Nara Smith's head talk.

(28m 38s):
No. And then she made this TikTok where she was like making, she was like, there have been recent comments about the back of my head. So then she was making like a hair her girl's serum. And I was like, you are everything for Oh, I love her. So funny. I saw something that was just like, now that Nara Smith is getting Cancelled, I'm like, fuck her too. But then it was like, fuck the Bow, the Fuck of her head. Like, fuck as mom. Like that's just so crazy. Like I'm just imagining the amount of people in the comments with the like the back of their head is too ridiculous. Like that is just a crazy thing. No, you know, you Wanna know what her crime was like. The only reason it looked goofy is having a tiny little thin little neck. And honestly, you know what, which Is like Kohl. I have this fucking big ass, like fucking who's that guy?

(29m 18s):
Oh, big neck ed. Yes. Yeah. I go like chin to chest. I have no space. See See we were on the same vibe and you weren't there. I also feel Like I also Like, I feel like all bobs are giving Lord Far quad from the back. Like if you're not like, you know what I mean? What are you supposed to do? I guess the kid really looked at a bob from the back and Honestly Thank you Nara Smith for your s slight contribution to the fucked up hair community. Oh Girl, I'm kidding. I love the Bangs. I know. I'm not even getting into the Bang business honestly right now. Just Thank you Nara. That's It. I live for your bangs. Thank you. Wait, I have another apology. Thank you. Oh, I'm sorry. Me too. I'm so sorry. Really quickly, I have to apologize to the account Foreign Bengals on TikTok That, that I ac I I wrongly accused of selling me a Bengal sedated.

(30m 3s):
Okay. Because it wasn't true. They did sell me the Bengal. Well why did you say that? Because, Well, so the, so the Bengal did come from there And I knew that because Like, I, I traced him back. Okay. Okay. But what I didn't know is there was the third party seller. Okay, so today I get to, honestly, I'm just gonna show you Something talking Alibaba DHgate for Leopard Cats. Well I Mouse floored. Wait, because I was like, team Mouse, I got tagged in a, in a TikTok from Foreign Bengals and I'm like, oh no, what's this about? So your Bengal is not a foreign bengal. Listen, As you can see in the first clips, Brooke Goldfield was accusing me of telling her as a dated beng, which isn't true at all. I wish I could have personally done business wear to at least give her the best experience. But unfortunately she purchased a Bengal off a previous client that later on resold it, but then proceeded to give it for a higher price.

(30m 46s):
Oh, so you got the marked up version. I got a marked up secondhand Bengal. So someone bought the Bengal from Foreign Bengals and then just charged your ass more at the Grove and Then Yeah, and then charged me more, which really means I did not buy from a breeder. I bought a secondhand Bengal. Oh my. It's a Birkin gaining value. Yes. Oh that's insane. And he got me, I literally first try, I was like, yes, I'll take it. But, but everyone accused me. First of all I was like not really doing that, but I was Like, I was, I felt bad 'cause I was Like, I know my Bengal came from here and like, this must be the guy who gave it to me. But it wasn't, it was like he bought it off of him just to resell him later. It's crazy that people are do like you can do that with Agram weed or a, a Birkin. But like doing that with cats way More is fun I guess to like, wow.

(31m 28s):
Yeah, but like imagine how dirty that money would feel Like. I just Like, I bought the Bengal for 4,000. I charged you $6. I just wanna know how much he really cost. 'cause I literally had to like skip rent that month. That's wild. Oh you got bamboozled. I got bamboozled. But Chelsea is A little malfunctioning as well. I know He's a runt, but I love that about him 'cause he's like a little smaller. Chelsea handler said that if you buy a second hand a used designer animal, it Cancels out. It all cancels out. So take my word for it Real quick. I need to apologize. My big end of the year apology goes out to you. Tessa Brooks, my girl. I'm so sorry. Big mis miscommunication.

(32m 9s):
What do you Mean? No, I Mean what? No, not even a miscommunication. What happened happened. And I stand on that, but I did not think that you were going to get the amount of hate that you received for that conversation. Ooh. And that is a lesson that we learned this year. It Is. And we were just talking about this actually how we wish, like on a lot of the things we said, we could have just turned the volume down a little bit. Yeah. And I think I even said it in a way that was like, she ate honestly. Like she ate me up. Like she was right probably. And then people still attacked her. So honestly girl, sorry. It's of scary when, when you can't, like, people I think sometimes assume like, oh, you knew what was gonna happen. But sometimes I really do think I'm saying like, like Bob Gate, I thought that was like a lighthearted thing that I was saying and it turned into like a huge smear campaign for this call. That is one of the biggest lessons that I learned, like with doing social media this year, genuinely. Like, and it's crazy 'cause I've been doing this for 10 years.

(32m 51s):
I just think that the power that this podcast held this year taught me all new lessons. Like even today, I want to tell this story about something so crazy fucked up that just happened to me on a set. But Like I, I'll get into it in a little bit, but Like, I just, I have to be so fucking careful with how I word it because Like, I don't wanna lobby hate to undeserving parties. And it's like you just forget that when you're in a fucking living room. Kiki, you know, with the girls. Yeah, I know. But I understand what you're saying. It's like, it's hard 'cause it's like, oh, this happened to me. But also like there is a level to it where it's like, oh, now this person's gonna get fucking tens of thousands of comments. Like that's how, I mean like, oh like, you know, Brie could have done something wrong. Someone could have done something wrong. Well now I'm Never gonna forget her name again.

(33m 32s):
So anytime I see her out no more, she Moved to Hawaii. Hawaii? Yeah. She moved to Hawaii. She Moved to Hawaii. Yeah. Which island? I wonder if I'll see her shake in The competition. I don't know. Her and Blake moved to Hawaii and she's on day 12 of 75. Hard. Wow. I love her. Two Different things down. No wait, I'm all And I love you. I'm much more Oh, Thank You. That was really nice. I took BB to get her wisdom teeth out the other day. And for the person who was walking us in just said sister or mom to me. And I go, oh friend. And then I was like, you know what? I, I honestly wasn't even offended in the moment because they like was kind of out of it.

(34m 12s):
So I was just like, oh, just friend. And then we moved along like literally two people later. The another girl goes, are you her sister or her mom? You are lying. What? I swear on my life. And I, this time I couldn't even, I I literally go, I'm we're the same age. And she goes, oh, I'm sorry. Like, you know, there's young mom, she kind of got offended. She was like, there's young moms. Im Like, I guess it Like I, she's Two years younger than me. I guess baby's really pocket size. It Doesn't, I don't care. I don't care if you're not certain. It's like, it's one thing. You know what I mean? You should have said, are You her Sister someone? Are you her sister? Because if you think there's a chance I could be a mom, like what a day maker that would've been for me. But if you don't know that, that's someone's mom And you're gonna ask, I'm I'm fucking 28 years old.

(34m 55s):
No, I don't have a 26-year-old daughter. I'm so upset about it. It's like asking someone if they're pregnant. Like you just don't do it. Anyway, I had to go get PRP night microneedling and under eye. Oh my God. Oh, we should talk about, we should. I just, We kind of knew this was gonna happen. So fair. I debated cutting all of the conver. 'cause we have been weirdly having a lot of conversations about plastic surgery and filler lately. I think just with the Lindsay Lohan of it all and stuff, it's been something that's been on my for you page a lot and stuff. Yeah. Stuff And like the substance and like all these things that are making us think heavily about it. And I think it's, it's been more like prevalent on my mind. I, And I obviously I see all of the comments and I'm very torn. Like it's one of those things where I, I completely agree with everyone saying like in the comments, like people saying, if you're a young girl watching this, don't be influenced by them to think that you need that.

(35m 46s):
And I've always said that from the jump, like in all of my videos of me getting filler, anything like that, I'm always like, don't let me make this decision for you. You can't let anyone make that decision for you. But at the same time, I walk into every single room in LA and it is like, that is one of five of the like buzzword conversations that are being had. And every single person on my for you page for the most part or timeline or just celebrities in general have stuff and have told me they have stuff and like, get this stuff and just hide it and lie about it. And I do think there's a, a caliber of girls like myself who like, I'm gonna get the lip flip anyway.

(36m 26s):
So I love to watch my favorite person talk about it in their experience so that when I go get it, I like know more. Like well That's good that you're transparent about it and you too, like any like work that like anyone gets done, just being transparent about it is like what's important. So that, you know, girls watching don't like hold themselves to a such a high standard because it's like they think they're like naturally supposed to like look certain way. That's Thing. I think it's so much more harmful that so many people are Like, I get the work, I just look like this and lie about it. Yeah. 1000%. I think so too. But that, yeah, that's the thing either side you're gonna get like a little bit of hate. But I also understand it 'cause we were really going in on it Like, I need this, I Need that. Yeah. Like, yeah. Which is, And I, I mean I even said it in that thing, but it, it isn't like a latte and it's not something you should just go pick up.

(37m 6s):
But I do think if you're insecure about something and you really, really want it. But, But I also think you've been so good about that, like in your past too, just being so open and honest. Even about like face tune or face app. Like, 'cause everyone does it. Every, everyone influencer in la every girl like, it doesn't fucking matter. Everyone's slightly editing their pictures, even if it's like one hair out of place, people are making edits. And I just think it's so important that like you are so transparent about what you do. So that way it's not putting out like this false image and being like, this is just like what I look like. Good luck. And I do think I should highlight more like the things that have also gone wrong in all of the times that I've done it. Like I'm always just talking about like, oh, now my ass is bigger. Okay, one time I got it And I literally couldn't walk for five days.

(37m 47s):
Yeah. Under eye filler. I had periorbital, cellulitis wait for a year. My eye was the size of a golf ball. Maybe that's something we do as like a video or like something like maybe for Patreon or something because I've had so many more negative experiences from filler or surgery, whatever than I have had positive. And you guys can see it. Honestly, if you just scroll on my Instagram, so maybe I shouldn't talk about it so positively. But it's, and it's Like I, we're not like, Like I don't feel like my face is fucking filled with like really it's just a little Botox and like a lip flip. Like that's every bitch in LA has that, you know? And we have just been going too hard on it verbally. And I just wanna put a PSA out there that like, y'all are beautiful the way you are and loving yourself is equally as important and like agreed. And I did go on a, a real self-love journey where I actually did dissolve all my filler.

(38m 29s):
And that's when I started getting the comments that were like, she looks so old. And I'm Like, I yeah, y'all, that's my fucking face. I Know. That's like the, that's the face I have. Dude. I honestly, I think I'm gonna advocate, well I don't know kind of against Botox until you need it. Only because like I've gotten it twice in my forehead and like right here on my eye And I never used to have the elevens. Like when I frown, I never used to have those. And then I got injected here and now I have them. Well you also know Crazy. I don't if the Botox wait, what? It also, you don't usually get 'em until you get older. I know, but this like, it happened almost instantly after I got the Botox and then I was thinking it's like, because when you get Botox, it makes certain muscles relax and like other muscles have to have Work harder.

(39m 12s):
Yeah. See I think, Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. So I think now I have these new wrinkles that I didn't have before because of the Botox. So now I'm like, fuck that. I'm not getting that until I like really need It. Yeah, that's fair. And I Can I just say I had a wrinkle. I actually like the reason I ever got it for the very first time, I'm not kidding. I need to like go back and find the, like the photos. I was 14 with an actual deep set wrinkle. Like, I don't know if it was just because I was so fucking stressed in my household and Vegas is really dry And I have dry skin, but I like actually had a wrinkle. I remember I went in to get the Botox for it and they were like, oh fuck no. But do you remember, I'm not kidding. I had one, like a deep set one I think in middle school. I'm not kidding. But that's because like every selfie you would take, did you guys always like raise your eyebrows like This?

(39m 53s):
Oh my god, yes. Oh, Sister. Yep. So I had a line, I was like, wait, that cannot be Normal. Okay, no more. I'm serious. I'm just gonna say I think there's a conglomerate of influencers who get shit and act like they don't. And I'm never gonna be that person. I think being honest and transparent about it, it's also like having a podcast. What'd you do this week? I don't know. I had a needle up my ass, you know? Yeah. But Like, I just stepped out with like fucking knockers on me. It's like, what if I didn't say that I did that. I know. And people do that every single day and like more power to them if that's their journey. But I almost think that it's my duty as someone to be honest about what I've gotten. But it's also not me glorifying or telling anyone to go get chip. I was, I was gonna talk about Luigi man, Gioni. Did you see that new picture that just dropped?

(40m 35s):
They are doing a really bad job at making him look like a villain. They're making him look like the sexiest man in America. I know, but Is that, are we the problem? Like, is America the problem? No. Are you sure? I'm like, United Health is, It's crazy that he's facing a potential death penalty when there's like literal school shooters out there. It Is so fucking insane. The way that they are like escorting him from place to place with 10 police officers surrounding him as he is this did he killed someone in Power. Sorry, I didn't mean No, no. Correct. Like I'm agreeing with you. Like, what the fuck? Like Yeah. Where is the same treatment for like serial killers? Mass shooters, school shooters. They're not getting That is serious. They're acting like he's fucking, oh my God. Do you ever wonder if certain things are just to distract us from like other things?

(41m 18s):
100 Person. Of course. And now Like I am becoming some level of like a conspiracy theorist. 'cause I'm like, how many times can a conspiracy come true before I like all of a sudden I'm on that team Before you're fawn. Yeah. Deep Diving. The earth is flat. There is a dragon on the moon. What moon? You guys said there was no moon. No, no, no. The moon landing. Oh no moon landing. No moon landing. Should we talk about Alabama? Oh my god. Lots is happening in Alabama and bad baby land. Wait, you guys kinda need to fill me in. Like I, I've heard tidbits. I love Alabama. Bad baby landing by the way. We have to, we have to tread lightly a little bit here because we got us ourselves into some hot water talking about Alabama. The last time I remember, Honestly, you know what I've always said?

(42m 1s):
I love that song of Hers. Oh, catch your man. Damn. She was really literal in the studio. Eh, if you Let him out your sight, he ain't coming home. That was her exact line. And lo and behold, Self-fulfilling prophecy. I'm kidding. But yeah, so I guess the drama is so bad, baby. You know that she was recently diagnosed with cancer. I do. Yes. So she's been dealing with that. She also just had a baby. Oh, okay. And her baby daddy is some loser and he, there's a photo of him in bed with Alabama. Oh. Like la like laid up like not in bed, but like, wait After she had the child.

(42m 41s):
Now there's like a recent picture of him in Beverly, Alabama. I was, Alabama says the photo was six months ago. Okay. But regardless, like the photo's coming out now and like bad baby's talking about it now and she's like, it's a, it's like this whole huge drama online. I think Bad baby is in a different place of her life. Right? She's clearly going through some crazy things than most people could never imagine. And I think I have always said Like, I think she, her upbringing, everything like difficult, you know what I mean? Just all of it. And Like I feel for her in that sense. I think that if this was bad baby four years ago, she would be like, Alabama would release Catching her outside. I hope she releases a fucking track. Like I, I would love some like make a bitch levitate, like, like one of those songs like, oh my God, Oh, you know, something's coming.

(43m 28s):
She's, she's cooking. I used to like unironically stream, Gucci flip flops. I'm So serious. Wait, I, there's nothing, nothing ironic about it. She's a, she's so talented. Habit, habit. She ate down habit, she ate down and she was ahead of her time. So I'm, I'm really curious to see where this goes. I think that where my mind is at has been like, and God forgive me, I don't even know how to put this into words without getting into trouble either. What is going on psychologically to be raised in Hidden Hills and you know, and maybe not fully raised, but I mean, since Alabama was born, all of those kids, they've had so much money. Like you couldn't find another man at Sprouts in Calabasas.

(44m 8s):
Like why is it bad babies man? Why are you voluntarily putting yourself through these like struggles when like, you don't, like what is the psychological evaluation for like craving a struggle? Do you get what I'm saying? Yeah, I get, no, yeah, I do get what you're saying. I don't, do You mean just like the fact that she went for his, or I mean her like bad babies' man specifically. Maybe it's like li she hasn't met, been met with any friction in her life and so now she's like, you know what, let me create some. But It's like you also see that with celebrities like Phoebe Bridgers dating Paul Mezcal and now Gracie Abrams is dating him and like her and Phoebe used to be like this, which is crazy. Like, You know, Chris Jenner is just exhausted.

(44m 48s):
Like I, or is this like best case scenario because Alabama is releasing rap music right now and who better to gather than bad babies' audience? So like who better to have drama with right now does Tracks back and forth. So like That's where my head is at, like the Chris Jen of it all. I'm like, who sh who is the best PR scheme? Like we could, like we could get at the moment no is bad baby because that's exactly who would be listening to Alabama's music. I didn't think About that. That's true. I didn't think about that. But I guess I came to the conclusion that there's no way this is a PR stunt. Like I, I genuinely don't feel Like I, it's a PR stunt. I don't, Maybe it's not, but maybe it's like kind of a combination. And then that Leads me to like, why are you stealing bad babies man, when she's like going through a lot like do you see Bad Baby Online by way?

(45m 33s):
Or this guy's just just a rapper chaser. You know what I mean? Like maybe he's just like a clout chaser and he coincidentally was with Danielle and then wanted Alabama. It is so interesting. I was gonna say bad Baby was on live and she's like talking to all this shit about the man and then he like walks through the back of the the frame And I was like, honestly So, so relatable. Oh, I love Her. Oh well that's her. Yeah, I mean It's also her baby daddy. Yeah. And just like it's, yeah, it's hard. It's Hard to leave. Oh, I think she's a icon. I Wonder if Courtney will continue to make music video appearances. Look, that's what I just, I For sure if Courtney's doing one thing, it's rotting with that man that she's with and that includes his children. Yeah, that is so fair. It's just Talk about loyalty. It's so simulation. Like if you just like said all of this five years ago, you know what I mean?

(46m 17s):
Like Courtney's gonna marry Travis Alabama's his kid. She's gonna be beefing with that. The Girl on Dr. Flia. Yeah, like it's, it's all just like, it's actually insane. I do think that we are going to get some circa 2025 bangers out of this situation And I like really mean that. And who knows From the party. I want a collab is what I want. I want Olivia a bad baby collab. Will They work it out on the remix? We'll see I need Olivia and Sabrina to work it out on the remix. Imagine like a sweet and sour collab. Oh my God. I know. I want Olivia Rodrigo to drop an album that isn't purple. I've been seeing purple for so long. I really don't like purple. It's McCullough's favorite color. So it turned over a new leaf for me. I don't like purple either, but I think it is interesting and this like who cares, right?

(47m 0s):
But like two albums in a row being purple is like who let that slide It's gotta mean something. She's like Easter egg, like Taylor Swift Maybe. Yeah, maybe I'm just, I dunno what it means though. I'm just not seeing the vision. She is purple though, you Know? But I want her to be like orange, but Damn imagine we, you know what I O'Brien and your name is Olivia and you're a pop singer and you release an album called Purple World and then Olivia Rodrigo comes and just Purple Worlds and her name's Olivia. I'd be like, bitch, that's literally my color and my name. Someone's gotta sue someone. Brooke Amber. Yes. I have not fucking told you about this. I think so. And honestly I was saving it for this moment.

(47m 42s):
So last week I get home, right? I take my elevator up to my floor and as I'm getting off of the elevator, I hear one of my neighbor's doors open. I don't think anything of it until I round the corner to go down the hallway And I see my next door neighbor's door like cracked open and it's just her head peeking out of it like this. I'm like, what the fuck? I envision it like the shining Dude. It was so eerie. And it was like late at night too. So I'm walking down the hall, like going towards her to get to my door and she's not saying anything. She's not moving. She's just staring me down and not even, I'm sounding you, I'm not your fuck. Not even sound like a, but it looks like she abused the substance.

(48m 23s):
This woman is like, she's gotta be like late sixties Teeth coming out of her back and shit. She looked like beheld a bag shot from Harry Potter. Aw, like this woman, she was like really kind of creepy looking not to be mean, but like it was really unsettling. So I'm walking down the hall, she's not saying anything, she's just watching me And I go, hi. She doesn't answer me still just staring at me. I'm like, what the fuck? So I get to my door, I'm putting the key in and she goes, I like your vest. And I go, Uhuh, Thank you. I'm sorry I'm moving. She doesn't say anything. She's still just watching me. I get into my apartment, opened the door, I go have a nice day. Nothing just watching me. I'm like, what? Did You tell her where the vest was from or did you get hell no, I Get that. And I went on my merry way. So I closed the door And I go to my roommate Emily and I'm like, dude, the weirdest thing just happened.

(49m 6s):
This woman, like our neighbor just, I don't know, I told her what had gone down and Emily was like, well maybe she's just like older and lonely and like wants company. I was like, no. Em Like, I don't know how to describe this, but it was really unsettling. Like it made me like my heart was racing. I felt really scared. I feel like you have to like validate those emotions, right? Yeah, because like it was just an old lady, like you wouldn't have felt that way. She would've been sweet, should've been like hi. Like she would've been talking to me, engaging with me. But this woman was not, she was very stone cold just watching me. You Think she was waiting for a Postmate? Fuck No. No fuck. No worth Asking. No, honestly. And valid. Very valid. So whatever I tell my roommates about this, they're kind of like, eh, like whatever.

(49m 47s):
It's probably nothing. Two days later my roommate Olivia comes home and she's like, you guys will not believe what the fuck just happened to me. She goes to the neighbor that you were talking about. I just wrote up in the elevator with her and she starts asking me weird questions like, oh, what's your name? Where do you live? Oh, what unit are you in? She's going, do you live alone? My roommate's, do you live Alone? My roommate's like, I don't know, Like I, I gotta go, I gotta go. Just kind of brushes it off. Scurries into our apartment and whatever She tells us about this and she's like, dude, it was also so fucking weird because she was following right behind me, like so close, I could almost feel her breathing down my neck. And I was like, what the fuck? The way I would start fucking with her. Like, ooh, I'd turn around and go Just trip her.

(50m 32s):
So I'm like, this is so fucking weird. Like that same night I go to Ari's apartment and we go out onto his balcony to smoke a cig and his neighbor just so happens to be outside. So we start talk like chatting up his neighbor, like whatever, he's like younger, kind of cool like our age. And I forget how he brings it up, but he's like, yeah, the woman on our floor that's been fucking with all of our packages. And I was like, wait, what? And he goes, yeah, the woman who lives in apartment 2 0 8 has been fucking with everyone's packages, stealing packages, kicking them down the hall, like beating the packages And I don't know, whatever. And we're like, what the fuck? And he goes, yeah. Like that's the reason why I got this ring camera on my front door because she like harasses me all the time.

(51m 14s):
Do tell. So he was like, she literally will come to my door and bang on my door with her fists being like, were you in my apartment? Were you in my apartment? Who was in my apartment? Blah blah blah. Oh no. And he's Like, I don't know what you're talking about. Like what's going on? And apparently this is her thing. So the neighbor starts telling me and Ari about how she goes to neighbor's hou like neighbor's, neighbor's doors and will like knock and be like, who were you in my apartment? Did you see anyone go in there? Like blah blah blah. Apparently she's been going up to like all the tenants being like, do you live here? What do you do? Do you live alone? Blah blah, blah. Just asking very invasive questions. So the neighbor ends up giving me his number and he was like, listen, anytime something like sketchy happens, I have the ring camera, I can send you the footage.

(51m 56s):
So I tell this to Olivia, my roommate, and she was like, dude, you need to send me the footage from her following me down the hall, not The Dropbox. Literally the, We transfer the weed transfer for the fucking ring footage. Yeah, you Should make a shared folder. So Lo and behold, my neighbor sends me the footage from that day of the neighbor following Olivia down the hall. She is one foot behind Olivia the whole time. Olivia opens up our door and the woman, you can see her try to like come in after Olivia. Wait, do you have It? Yes. Do you wanna see? Yes. You know what sucks is Like, I fear I'm a hop skip and a jump away from this level of paranoia. You aren't. No, no, no. But That's, it's so common in like especially people who are on like drugs and stuff like, okay, so ready?

(52m 36s):
I think people are following them. Yeah. Olivia's in the front. This is the woman. Oh wait, watch how no Watch, watch, watch. Olivia goes into our door. Look, she like turns to go in and Olivia like, what the fuck Slams the Door. I know, I know. And we couldn't tell if it was like her trying to follow Olivia into our house or her trying to like look in and see really fucking weird, right? So maybe three nights ago, I'm home alone. Emily comes into the door and she goes, did you leave a bottle of shampoo out like by front door? I go, no, what the fuck?

(53m 16s):
She's like, yeah, there's like a random bottle of redkin out our fucking front door. Good shampoo. Honestly it wasn't even that. Not The subtle dig. She's all Y'all greasy, Right? She like, y'all me that all soft. So I call Olivia and I'm like, Hey, did you happen to like drop shampoo on your way out or something? Like what? And Olivia was like, no, I had to like run out for my job. So Like I was like running late. But I saw that like so weird with the way that things have been going. It's probably this woman. Yeah. So I text my neighbor, I'm like, Hey, do you have ring footage from the past like 15, 20 minutes? I need to see something. He doesn't even send the footage. He simply texts back. Cops are on the way. I go, okay, the fuck is going on. So now I'm like, Emily, some cops are coming here.

(53m 59s):
Like, what the fuck? He ends up calling me and my neighbor's going, this woman's fucking insane. She basically went through our apartment hallway taking shampoo bottles and dumping shampoo all over the floors. The walls went to his door and poured shampoo and oil all over his door. What The fuck? I don't know. What's the Shampoo like? What about shampoo? I don't know. So I'm like, what the fuck? The cops end up coming. And I was like at first thinking like maybe like I'll go talk to the cops, like tell them like what's been going on with me and how she's been like, you know, harassing my roommates. There's also been like multiple other times Like I've been coming in, like there was one time I brought one time I Like, I brought Ty home with me and she poked her head out again.

(54m 42s):
She's asking Ty all these questions like, oh what's your name? Do you live here? What do you do? Like blah blah, blah. Just weird. Like always interrogating people. And you know Ty, he is lying. He is like, my name's Jeff. Like I don't know my name. Jeff. I was, I'm just imagining Ty like, well my name is Jeff. Like scared. He was so scared. He went inside, he was going, ah. I was like debating on talking to the cops about it and like sharing like my encounters with her. And my roommate was like, honestly don't like get yourself involved. She's clearly kind of like unwell. Yeah, You don't her to like retaliate, don't reason Exactly. Don't give her any reason to like, you know, involve you in this. Me and Emily started decorating, decorating our Christmas tree and all of a sudden we hear commotion galore happening in the hallway.

(55m 22s):
So us being nosy, bitches like we run to the door, she has her head to the door or her ear to the door. I'm like looking at the peephole, I see eight cops leaving, like walking down the hallway and then in back, like behind all of them is her getting wheeled out like on a stretcher. Absolutely detained. Like her arms strapped down, her legs strapped down. She's getting wheeled out and there are like eight cops around her. It was the craziest thing. What? And then trailing behind them was like her ex-husband who used to live at the apartment. And then he like moved out two years ago. So, so what Was he doing there? Get there. So, Oh, I'm on the edge of my seat, Right? We hear like the elevator go down. So obviously she like, you know, is being escorted out and we hear our neighbor who has like been sending me like the ring footage talking with the cops.

(56m 7s):
So me and Emily like stick our head out the door and we're kind of like picking up on things. The cop is saying basically what's going on is that she's bipolar, schizophrenic and she believes that she's being poisoned by the water in her apartment and whatever was in her shampoo bottle, she thinks that she's being poisoned and our neighbor with the ring camera is fucking with her essentially. Aw. Which is really fucking sad but also really Scary. Yeah. That's so hard 'cause it's like, it's so scary. Yeah, but it's like literally what you said, it's so sad. Like it's just, It's only sad because imagine how scared she is. Like genuinely believing that, that that's gonna like that that's happening. But also, no excuse to call like wreak havoc, But also I would have mace the size of a fire extinguisher.

(56m 51s):
Right. And it's like, it is kind of scary just because it's Like, I don't know, coming home like late at night, I'm always like so hyper aware of my surroundings. Yeah. Scared that like, because she's like obviously like not in a right state of mind. I'm scared that she might do something like crazy to me. Or like my roommates, I don't know. Yeah. It's Also like the, the like little old scary murderous woman show. Yeah. It's like a movie, You Know? Yeah, no, it her looks Arguably if it was a man it would be less scary 'cause it's like duh. You know? And like her looks kinda like don't help him. Makes it even. Yeah. But like a little old scary woman is like in it's giving insidious. It's giving, Ooh, Right. So basically you move. I don't fucking know. So basically our neighbor, like, and the cop proceeds to say her ex-husband has been trying to like file a court case against her for two years and gather evidence because like she's been like abusive to like him and her daughter.

(57m 39s):
Like I don't know all this shit. And like he's been like involved in her life trying to like get her help, this and that. Apparently like lately she's really like started to rapidly decline. That's why she's been so active lately. So she got 51 50 that night. But Well That's good for everyone involved. Honestly. Her and The neighborhood now she's released and she's back in the apartment. Oh fuck. And there's ring footage of her like at 4:00 AM just like waltzing through the halls. I feel like you need to set up like a booby trap. I know. It's just like free candy sign, like Net drops down. It was like a box of cheese, cheese under You need to just put on, honestly. So I used to know someone who was like this and they just put signs on all their, like they thought someone was following them around. So they just put signs on all their windows that said Like, I do not blog.

(58m 19s):
Which I don't know what the, what the connection was, but maybe you should just put a sign on your door that says I'm not involved. Wait, I do not what It is unimportant. But just tell, just tell her Like I, it's actually, I, I have no Idea what's going on. I'm not, I'm not a part of this. Like I, I'm not poisoning your shame poo or put Put a thing on your door that says I'm getting poisoned too. No, because then she's gonna like try to have meetings with me. Yeah, you're right. Being like, let's team up. Not me. Sally from 2 0 7. Yeah. Literally one door over. Yeah. Like, no, not I said the fly. Oh my god. So whatever like this has all been happening. It's been like really fucking weird and stressful. Then It's, it's the worst too. 'cause it's just like going home like, like that adding that to like the stress of life is like crazy.

(58m 59s):
I know. I've been like so on edge. And again Like I'm sure she's like so sweet and like obviously I don't know, she doesn't mean hopefully like doesn't mean any harm but she's just not in the right state. No, It definitely doesn't mean harm And, but It's just like, and especially with LAPD, it's like until you obviously knock on wood, but I'm just saying like, Yeah, the cop was saying like there's really nothing that we can do unless obviously Crazy Happens. Yeah. Unless someone gets hurt or like there's like an active threat. But this morning I'm driving to Tana's, I stop and get gas, I open up my gas tank, my fucking screw. Like my lid is gone. It was cut off. It was cut Like with scissors Right off. It was snipped right off. Yes. Did someone siphon your gas? I Don't, no. I don't know.

(59m 39s):
I don't know. I don't know. You would know. We wouldn't even be gas less. Well I was already like low on gas, so Like I, oh, Imagine how frustrating that would be if you were trying to siphon gas from somebody and then they were just on e That's me. But Then it's like, damn, don't cut off my fucking gas cap. Just leave it. Wait, Screw it off. I don't, or no, that had to be someone who was missing their own gas cap. I know it hasn't been, you Know what I'm saying? Because like you don't have, you could just unscrew it. But then I'm like, is it her? I'm like, is she coming after me like that off as a coincidence? Like in my opinion, that is not a coincidence. And dude, like my car has been fucked with before in the past too. Like, not my new car, but like my old white jeep has been fucked with like, there were, there have been multiple times where I've came outta my apartment. There were like McDonald's fries, the first incident McDonald's fries on my, like the hood of my car baby.

(1h 0m 25s):
That was me. I'm like, wait, you're not Fool me with this one. I didn't think anything of it. I was like, oh whatever it was probably like Ari or something. And then there was another time I like went around the back of my car and there was like a screw drilled into like my spare tire on the back. I was like, that's fucking weird. Obviously I didn't just run that over. It's on the back of my car. A screw deliberately drilled into the back. And then another time I came out and there was like a giant massive branch placed on like the back of my car. I wonder if this is all Her. Oh, someone. Yeah. Wait, fucking, maybe this has been going on for a while and you just like didn't know about it yet. I don't fucking know. I'm Really trying to figure out how you can like get on. Maybe you get like a cop uniform and you convince her that like you're a cop and you can help her. Right. But how do you get on like her good graces?

(1h 1m 6s):
I know to where it's like you and her against the resident. That's the thing. Like I feel like you just have to out crazy her like, like I'm with you sister. That's Like, I pour shampoo back. I'm like, me too. Yeah, conditioner. Yeah. Full routine. Yeah. So that's been fucking going on. Wait, That's scary. But I wonder what that is. So if, aha, I guess you don't have all the information, but I wonder how long she's been like presenting symptoms. So our neighbor that has the ring camera says that she's been fucking with him like the longest. Like this has been ongoing for like a month or two. But it hasn't started like ramping up into the past until like the past week or so. I Wonder if it's like a drug induced, like psychosis situation.

(1h 1m 46s):
I Don't know. I don't know. I don't know The actual facts on this, but like someone was saying, or I heard on a podcast the other day that you most often are diagnosed with schizophrenia. Like before you're 24. So I wonder if she's just always been schizophrenic. Yeah. And just like was medicated before. Maybe she's off her meds now. Yeah. Is there I, well, yeah, I guess I don't know a lot about it. Damn. I don't know why. Like honestly the schizophrenics follow me. I have another story about my old boss telling me that he was framed for murder, but I'll save that for another day. At what point is it like, are we attracting the crazies? I, I think so. I Just really fear. I'm Like, I, because I'm so paranoid, like it always scare and it's gotten worse over time in my life. My paranoia. And I don't know if it's all valid or like, am I gonna be like that when I'm like way older?

(1h 2m 29s):
I know. Well now it's like I'm starting to become her. 'cause like now she has me on it. Yeah. She, I'm like going to my door like looking through the peephole And I'm like, oh my God, I'm becoming her. Wait, This is like a movie. I feel like somebody's write about This. I in a really bad way. Jesus. Scary. I, I am just happy that you're like feeling some sort of sense of like uneasiness about it though. Because I had that scary neighbor And I was just like, oh, whatever, let her cook. And also also like Tana knows I'm so the type that it's Like, I think I'm invincible. I'm never scared of shit. I'm just kind of like, eh, like whatever. You both are like that. It's so, it's so, I'm like, so the opposite. It's crazy. And this is the first time where I've like really been freaked out. So like, that's how I know it's kind of severe because normally I've just write off, I'm like, eh, whatever.

(1h 3m 10s):
Like after instance number three, then I'm like, okay. Especially Just when something's ramping up, it's always scary. 'cause it's like, What are they Next gonna do next? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm sorry, you need to keep, like, you need to have one of those brass knuckles. I know. You really do need like pepper spray or something. It's asked to have to feel like you have that in your own apartment building. But damn honestly, anybody watching please in the comments below, if you have any crazy neighbors, can you please share your story? I don't know why should, but a crazy neighbor story always gets me going. Yeah, we should. Yeah. I had that one. The crazy one. But then in this building, Like I, that was my old building in this building recently. I was sitting in bed, or this was last year, but I never talked about it on the podcast 'cause I felt guilty about it. But I was sitting in bed and I heard my door open And I was like, hello?

(1h 3m 55s):
And a guy just answered hello. And I was like, did you just open my door? And he goes, yeah, sorry, wrong apartment. I go, but how the fuck did your key open? 'cause I have a fob. That's the FOB lifestyle. Horrifies me for that reason. I've seen too many movies and shows. Yeah. And he was like, oh my god, I'm sorry. Well, what he said was, oh, I'm sorry, wrong apartment and go hold on wrong apartment or no, he said, my key still works for your apartment. Oh. And I said, why the fuck did you just try to use your key on my apartment knowing it's not your apartment? And he goes, oh, no, no, no. Like this used to be my apartment. But Like, I had just had this instance with like the other girl who was like low-key stalking me. So I was Like, I, I start screaming at him.

(1h 4m 35s):
I'm like, what the fuck are you trying my apartment? Like what the fuck are you doing? Get the fuck out. Like, blah, blah. And then I closed the door and through the door he's Like, I'm so sorry. Like, this used to be my apartment, like blah, blah, blah. And he was like, I'm, I'm so sorry. Like I, I have a key in, my boyfriend has a key. I'm gonna leave the key, my key here with you so you feel safe. Like, I felt so guilty about it. And he went downstairs and he, like, they wrote me a letter from the front and they were like, he really did used to live in this apartment. Like it was a complete Accident. At least they sent that fucking letter. And that's on the apartment for not switching The key. I know. But he was so mean to him that I felt so guilty about it forever. And he, he brought me, he sent me flowers and he wrote me a letter and he was like, just, he was like, this is my number, like blah, blah. And I texted the number And I was Like, I am so sorry like that. I reacted that way. I was just like really paranoid.

(1h 5m 15s):
I told him the story never responded to me, but Like, I was like, like very valid reaction on Your part. Even the flowers would have me tripped up. I would be like, stop, Leave me alone. Oh my God. No. But he was like, he was also like a nice gay guy too. So it was Like, I, I felt safe around him, I Guess that's true. Yeah. But Like at the time I couldn't see him. I could only hear him. So I was like, a man just walked into my apartment. Yeah. That's awful. That's so terrifying. Okay. Speaking of not being safe around a man, as you know, I have been on my like side quest journey of a century lately. I'm back in that era. I feel Like I go through phases where I just Like, I have a couple months where I've just accidentally said yes to everything And I find myself, you know what I mean, just on the most random side quests of life, right?

(1h 5m 56s):
Yeah. And a while ago, an old friend of mine hit me up to be a part of this project, right? And I'm not gonna say who like in hopes to keep the identity of all of this concealed, but I'm sure people will find out. And what I want to say is if people find out, if you do find out, don't go send hate because this isn't anyone that you would know is fault. You know what I mean? Like I just, yeah. I really wanna, like the person who I did this project with and for Like I love so much. So I feel like even guilty, like associating this like with his name and with his whatever. And I've debated telling this story on the podcast all week, but Like, I just fucking hate men And I cannot believe this happened to me. Yeah. Like, so I'm, whatever, I'm just, I'm gonna tell it.

(1h 6m 38s):
But it has nothing to do with the person who put on this project. Anyways. So yes, I Agree to this project months ago. And it's one of those things where I'm like, the fans will really love it, very nostalgic, like it's for a niche group of people, but like, I'm gonna do it and just like be a good friend and whatever. And then the night before, I get my call time and it's 9:00 AM downtown Los Angeles. I need to be there full glam. I need to be downtown in Los Angeles at 9:00 AM full glam. That's like an hour away. You gotta sleep there. Honestly, No. I went to bed per usual, just insomnia. I'm always gonna go to bed late.

(1h 7m 18s):
I went to bed at like four and literally woke up at like six 30. Like I got two and a half hours of sleep. I wake up, I do the glam. We're on our way. And even just in the car, I like, can't feel my hands. No. Like, you know, when you're just so fuck. And I'm like, oh my God, I'm about to be at a 12 hour shoot all day, like trying to serve and give and slay and have a personality and like I'm on my, I can't feel my hands. And so we get there and then I'm getting styled, I'm getting dressed. And I always say this Like, I, are you ever really serving if you're not in a little bit of pain? So per usual, it's just one of those things where I'm like, corseted, tits up to my neck, like kitten, heel, whole nine. And I have to be like running around in all of this.

(1h 7m 59s):
I'm so uncomfortable. It's like nine 30 in the morning. There's all of these other characters there as well. I, I don't wanna like say all the people, let's just say I walk into like characters screaming, whatnot. I had a YouTuber come up to me and tell me that they're like at nine 30 in the morning, I'm standing there like full, fully ready, like in a fucking gown. And I'm having a YouTuber tell me that their parent just passed away and they turned their ashes into marijuana and then they smoked their parent. And I'm like, it's nine 30 in the morning and I'm downtown. And this YouTuber is telling me about how they smoked their dead parent. And is that against the law? That's like cannibalism, I dunno, dude, way, shape, or form.

(1h 8m 40s):
And I'm just like, geez, Louise, what did I wrote myself into? Right? And we get to one of these, and again, it's not like negative. I'm still like very happy to be doing this. And like, it's, it's very much so for the final product. So I'm like, listen, I might have to suffer today, but like, I'm happy nostalgic, I'm, you know what I mean? Like, I'm just, I'm happy I'm doing this, whatever. Right? And we're in one of those buildings downtown where it's like floors and floors of like different set departments and like sets and stuff. And the set that we are shooting in is underneath the building. It is in the basement of this giant building downtown. So I walk down to chute my phone immediately goes on SOS oh no, it's freezing outside.

(1h 9m 21s):
So it's cold. Of course I'm dressed like a slut. I feel like this is always happening to me where someone has me dressed like a slut and it's fucking wintertime. And then here I am, Like, I'm just physically and I'm dying. I'm so tired. Right? And we start shooting eventually after filming for a while. And again, we're just down in the rickets of this basement. Like, And I will say like the, but the production was budged. Like there were a million people hired on set and like a a million things going on. All the departments, all the things. Like, I'm very happy to be a part of it again. But even just being on set, I feel like one in every like 30 set days that I have, you walk in and the production company is all men from like the rickets of Los Angeles.

(1h 10m 6s):
Yeah. Okay. Oh my God, you, I thought someone was coming in my back door. It's just my neighbor. It's just like, again, 90% of the time you'll be on a set with all men and they're all very just like normal, like younger. They're a vibe. They're respectful. Like even just audio guys putting stuff on you, like they're gonna ask you, they're gonna make sure you're comfortable, whatever. These men from this production company just weren't giving that like, and it was just like very creepy. Like, Like I just, all the vibes with every, every interaction I had with every single person, like just the, my guy, it was like, he's not asking me. He's all up in my guts. He's like very weird, like heavy breathing, like complimenting me. Like I do appreciate a compliment, but it's like weird when you're underground in a basement.

(1h 10m 49s):
Yeah. And then men are like, you look so beautiful today, Tiana. And they look like a fucking gremlin. And you're like, my phone's on SOS and like, it's just, yeah, time and place. No one's like, no one's around. Like Paige is upstairs, she can't be with us shooting. So I'm, and my phone's on SOS. I'm just like, what the fuck? And so eventually I have a little side quest, okay. I'm solo from everyone else that I'm filming with, right? And I'm already just Like four hours into this and like the energy of the whole thing of like what is being made is also very much not like things that I'm normally doing. Like I'm screaming and I'm running and I'm like physically exerting myself in so many ways that I normally like wouldn't be.

(1h 11m 31s):
Yeah. And so I'm just dead. And finally I have a little like side quest, right? And so along with the hired production crew, there's hired actors, right? And all of these hired actors are wearing masks, like scary, like, like horror nights, like horror actors almost, right? And so I have this little side quest with one of these horror actors. Okay? And so I get dragged into a freezer, okay? A meat freezer. There's like things hanging from like the ceiling, like whole nine, never that. And there's a camera on me getting dragged by this man. And then they're like, okay, your next scene is that you're gonna be chained to the ceiling.

(1h 12m 16s):
So now I'm fucking standing there getting chained to the ceiling at 11:00 AM downtown in a gown with a corset in a meat freezer with my phone on SOS and it's 40 degrees. And I'm like, you're lying. Aw, you're lying. What do you mean I'm being chained to the ceiling in a meat freezer, in a gown right now at 9:00 AM downtown. And this YouTuber just smoke their dead parent. What do you mean? Okay. And Is there evidence and are there photos and can I see them right? I think I do have some photos actually. And so then the camera guy walks away and now I'm just in this freezer chained to the ceiling with a man in a horror mask, right?

(1h 12m 57s):
And he starts talking to me and he's like, Hey, I'm jj and I'm all, Hey, Hi jj, I'm Tana like literally change, change to the ceiling. I'm like, this is fucking kind of creepy. Like now there's no cameras like the set, it was huge down there as well. So like the nearest people were like 25, 30 feet away, whatever. Right? And this man looks at me, I swear to fucking God threw the mask. I don't know what he looks like. And he looks at me and he says, this is my dream having you chained up. No, This is my dream having you chained up. So I would scream out loud and then He goes, perfect. And I'm so, I'm so, and then I just look at him And I'm again, arms, I'm chained up.

(1h 13m 42s):
I'm in a fucking hot pink kitten. He, I'm fucking livid. I turned to him And I go, what the fuck did you just say? And he looks at me and he goes, nothing. Like, it was better. You didn't hear it anyway. And I'm like, bitch, I heard you. It was, I heard you. I'm in this meat freezer, meat freezer and this man whatever. And then, and then he's just like laughing on and imagine not knowing what someone looks Like. I was gonna say like, what if he took the mask off and he looked like, like a Montana boy Didn't eventually took it off and didn't. That's so fucking fun. Okay, by the way. But All Of a sudden I'm like, my dream too Tanya. And so then I'm just waiting there chain to the fucking ceiling with this man. He has like one of those chainsaws, like with the like fucking sound.

(1h 14m 24s):
It's like this whole thing, right? And eventually I'm freed, right? And I have to go shoot one more fucking thing. Okay. And we all go to shoot this scene And I wish I could just like say the people, 'cause it makes it so much fucking funnier. Like, I'm gonna bleep this, but like it's me and, Okay. And so this is my last scene of the day. I'm like, how much worse can this get? And again, just like more creepy interactions with guys and Like, I can't express you the way it looks down there, like just like random saws and shit st thrown about whatever. I almost trip over a cord and eat shit in my kit. And he'll, Like I am, I'm, I'm freezing my phone's on, I'm tapped out and we're finally shooting this last scene. Okay. And I have my hand on another fellow influencer.

(1h 15m 7s):
Okay. I have my hand on her shoulder and now she's about to get taken away as well by one of these horror actors. Right? And I have my hand on her shoulder and the same guy who came up to me and like said all that, like, he's still, mind you, he's still on set. He's still like doing his thing. He's whatever. He comes up to grab this other influencer away And I have my hand on her shoulder. Okay. And he's wearing these like big like mitts, like prosthe. It's not like human hands, you know what I mean? And he slams his fucking hand hard as fuck on her shoulder and my hand is on her shoulder and my pinky inverts. My pinky inverts. Okay, mind you, everyone is screaming because like someone's getting taken away.

(1h 15m 51s):
So now I'm like, ah, like at the top of my lungs because he just broke my pinky. The same man who literally assaulted me in a freezer just broke my pinky. And no one even knows I'm in pain because like everyone else That you supposed to doing, Everyone is screaming. Everyone thinks that bitch put that on my IM db. Okay. Breaks my, and now I bet it was believable as fuck. I bet you ate in that scene. Girl, I don't EI can't even believe like my Pinky's just now fine. It's like been a week. I like was in a 10 out of 10 of pain, like still had more shit to shoot. And then now this guy is like apologizing to me, like takes the mask off mind you didn't look like a Montana boy. Takes the mask off. And then he's like following me around set like apologizing to me for like breaking my finger and I'm like, this is my worst nightmare.

(1h 16m 31s):
Like now I'm consoling this man. I'm like, it's okay. Ugh. She's Like spewing real blood. They're like, damn, FX is getting good. That's like actually like such a scary fear. Like getting actually murdered or something on like a murder movie set. No, It's so cra it was just so crazy. And it just Like, well I'm sorry. Ew. Fucking creepy. I just left with Like, I just like, it was one of those days where I was really like, God, I hate the male species. Like I really left with this just like extreme frustration and anger and disdain. And it's just so frustrating too. 'cause I feel like it's like, you know what I mean? Like everyone else is dressed in their ways And I know it's very me to have like my tits up and like be all like blonde, like whatever. But like in that environment it's so awful.

(1h 17m 13s):
Like it, it was just Like, I couldn't even fucking believe it. It has nothing to do with the person who put this on. Like obviously he just hired a production company and like, you can't assume 40 outta 40 men are all gonna be not creepy. I do. In fact, You can assume even Even that. Yeah. And it's like 41 outta 40, they're always gonna be creepy. Yeah. It was just, it was so not on him. And Like I just wanna stress that enough, but I could not believe it. And I'm just like really thinking to myself too. Like I just couldn't believe it. Like when I was in that freezer chained to the ceiling and this man is saying like, perfect, I'd love to have you chained up. I was like, oh my God. Like what if I just wasn't me? Like what if I just like, Like I feel like I'm very like abrasive and like, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It's one, it's one thing to say that in general, but like you of all people would be like understanding and be like, oh haha, you're Just not type To be like, what the fuck did you just say to me?

(1h 17m 60s):
That's what I'm saying. Like, I'm confrontational And I Like, I Was saying like, like you would get the humor. Yeah, No, but he wasn't joking. Like he was, it was not a fucking joke. Like I cannot stress that to you enough. Like his tone, his everything, he was not kidding. And I was like, oh my god. Like, you know what I mean? Just like, what if this wasn't me? Yeah. And Like, I almost like fully like fond too, like before I said, what the fuck did you say I was gonna sing? Nothing. And I, 'cause I'm sitting, I'm chained to the ceiling. I think it was like the environment made it so much scarier. I'm in this freezer, I'm underground, it's cold. My by no service, I'm by myself, you know, all these things. And I was like, just like I'm, I was just imagining so many things and it's just so crazy. Like, because Also like if you didn't say that, who's to say like, he wouldn't have kept going and like Ben even more creepy towards you.

(1h 18m 43s):
Yeah. Like he got away with it the first time. Yeah. So let me Keep going. Like, thank God you reprimanded him, but you, I fucking hate men. You should have gotten unchained and smacked him over the head with your stupid fucking, fucking I know. You're fucking kidding Here. Bullety little finger. I know. Yeah. So, yeah. And then broke my finger, like of all people, it's just like, are you fucking kidding Me? Yeah. Like, have, have I not suffered enough? And like, This is just what I get for like the side quests. You know what I mean? Like, I just like, No, I love your side quest. Don't let a man ruin it for you because this is fun and exciting for everybody involved except for him because he's gonna probably get fired and he should. Yeah. He Really, it, it just was so crazy to me. Like, I just like Men On sets. Like, it's so crazy. Like you're getting paid to come do a job and then you feel, Be a professional And you, you feel so comfortable to be able to like act like That.

(1h 19m 28s):
That's so much. If men have anything, it's always the fucking audacity. And once again, like the people putting it on, just like, 'cause obviously also after it happened I went and like told fucking everyone. 'cause I'm also Mean. Yeah. So is that why he came and apologized to you? No, he, he broke my finger. Oh, so He knew he broke your finger? He wasn't apologizing for what he said. Oh, okay. Like I, he was only apologizing for like my finger. And then it was so weird too. He just looked at me and he was like, you need your pinky to hold the hammer. And I was like, what Gonna Kill me later? Like, what the Fuck is, yeah. Do you think that was all a part of his plan? Like make sure that you were like suffering so right. Didn't use your hand properly. Like what? How crazy is that? I just like actually couldn't believe And I was just like really like, damn. Ew. Yeah. I don't know.

(1h 20m 8s):
I'm sorry I Wasn't gonna tell the story, but I just feel like it's like if that happened to me in a Hollywood set in 2024, it's just like, it's like so scary that people are just like, like that are So, it's just so bold though. Like, like you said though, in 2024, like, have we not seen enough of this? Like how long are we Gonna have y Learned Specifically? Yes, exactly. Like if I was a man on set And I would be so overly even that like, even just something as simple as like the mic guy, like immediately just coming up and putting something to my bra instead of asking like caught me off guard. 'cause I'm like so used to men being like, you know, like overly like, is this so, yeah, because I feel like there's usually like, like major precautions, like taken in a situation like that because of how much has happened.

(1h 20m 50s):
Yeah. Like No one should be left alone with like, yeah, I get it. But I, I really just, 'cause again, even just the people putting it on were so nice to me and like making sure I was good and like whatever. Like I, I'm not, I literally only blame like the, that awful man, you know what I mean? And any awful men that day that were like awful, but like it, it's no one else's fault. Like I can't stress that enough, but like, geez Louise. Ugh, ew. Death to men. All of them. Except for Aaron. Yeah. Aw. Always. Amish would never, ever Do you know what I reject what gender reveals? Wait, Why Are you getting tell? I'm just pissed. Like, and you know what I'm no seriously like, 'cause obviously I'm so happy for any of my friends who are having babies and stuff, but also like a gender reveal.

(1h 21m 36s):
Like I just don't, I don't know if I understand it. And maybe I'm just a hater and maybe when I get pregnant and like wanna have children, I'll feel completely differently about it. Wait. But right now I'm like, oh, I'm supposed to show up to your baby shower, your gender reveal your first birthday party, second birthday party. Like it is A lot for somebody else's little lint liquor. So Are you saying like the celebration around it or like when you have a kid, you're gonna wait till you pop it out to see what they are? No, like, like the celebrate like, like smoke in the sky. Oh yeah. Like I know what you're saying. Fireworks going off Like an airplane dropping. Fuck. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I don't like that. Like I wanna be Like, I love when people do like the little like cake cup, the cake. I think It's, it is an intimate moment. Like I feel like if I was having a gender reveal, I wouldn't be like gather around everybody.

(1h 22m 18s):
Yeah. And you know what it always is? It's the disappointed like man or husband. But Like That would be me. Like, not that I, Like, I don't really have any specific gender that I want, but also Like I, you have to have a feeling and so like, just the like being wrong, but It's always men being so fucking mad and like throwing a tantrum if it's a girl. Yes. Which is so sad. Did you, did you guys see the video of the guy? They find out it's a boy and he just fucking freaks out and runs all his guy friends come and they like hug and they celebrate and the wife is just no one's, nobody goes near the wife. Like as if she's completely uninvolved. Imagine the husband like turning to his boys and being like, fuck Yeah. And sort of like coming to you and like hugging you and kissing you and celebrating with you.

(1h 22m 59s):
Like, It better be me first The one cooking his baby by the way. Like, Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Those fireworks would be pointed at his head. Yeah. It's so crazy. I don't know. I just was thinking about it 'cause I was supposed to go to gender reveal, reveal lately And I, or recently And I was like kind of, yeah, I was feeling guilty about not going, but then I was like, you know what, you could have shot me a text. I've been pitching this for literally ever. But I think all things should be grouped in two quarters. Okay. Like once a quarter. Everyone who needs to have a gender reveal all at once. Everyone goes whatever s everyone groups in their quarter and then it's one big birthday every, I just, it would be so Great. Kind of the same thing with like weddings obviously, you know, me and my college friends and stuff, like everybody's getting married or engaged and stuff.

(1h 23m 43s):
So the amount of like bachelorettes weddings, like destination, everything like that everyone's expected to go to and ev every bride has a bridal shower, a engagement party, a bachelorette Joint. Weddings more. Like I always talk about joint weddings with my friends And I like mean it Like I could see myself being like, I'll marry Mcco and like if one of my other friends is engaged, like Lets, it's like Coachella. Like you go to like different stages. Not Kidding. It's Like I'm getting, I'm giving birth at Sahara Tent. Right. It's Just, it's such, it's so crazy and it's such a huge financial undertaking for like everybody involved. Yeah. Cuts and to expect everybody to pay to pay all that money to you. Oh my god. Or like for you like especially Like not even destination weddings, but like my friends back home in Massachusetts, if they're getting like married or at someone's birthday and it's Like I have to pay $500 for a one way to go to your wedding.

(1h 24m 29s):
Like, Yeah. Not you Nikki though. I love you and your wedding was fucking gorgeous. No, And I love, that's the thing, I love, love. I have so much fun with it And I love doing all of it, but I always think about it like, because I'm like, damn, like what if like for example, people whose one they get one vacation a year and now they have to waste it on like someone else's wedding. Like that sucks. I think people just should be more understanding in like all realms of things like that. Yeah. I don't think I would fault for somebody for not being able to attend my wedding. Although now that I'm saying it out loud, I'm like, wait, I kind of like get upset with people for not coming to my birthday. I'm like, I'm at an age now where it's like birthdays and celebrations and anniversaries and Thanksgivings. I don't care. Like I'm old enough where it's like, if you can't make it to my birthday, I'm not gonna be mad or offended.

(1h 25m 12s):
I'm just like, you know what? You have your own shit going. It is what it is. Can't make it to my wedding. All right. Yeah. I think our friend, you know Nikki, your friend who was like also my friend, we never know. She just made a post about this. It's like a really common thing for people. Like when you're having a wedding, like to just not show up and like a wedding, it's so expensive. Sometimes it's like a thousand dollars ahead like that you're spending to throw the wedding for the person and they just don't show up. Yeah. Wait, what do you wait No showing is crazy. What do You mean? Like no showing to a wedding. Like, like Like you're the bride? No, no, no. Like saying you're coming to someone's wedding and then not going because It's like they spend money on like your seat, your meal, your Every, everything. Yeah. Because you pay for everything per person that's there. Like the bar, everything.

(1h 25m 52s):
So it can be like some, like even at a really like inexpensive wedding, it can be like a thousand dollars per person that's there. I remember Trevi like didn't show up to whatever the hell me and Jake did. And like she was supposed to be in the like bridal party. Like she was, she was a bridesmaid and like everyone was so up in arms about that. And I remember Trevi, she like slept through it for like a couple days and she finally woke up to all the texts of everyone mad and she was like, y'all are out to lunch. Like this isn't real. This is like what the, I'm not like, fuck you. Like what? In the TMZ? Our wedding. She was so ahead of her time. Like I remember I was like so hurt that revy didn't go. It's like, girl, you are lost.

(1h 26m 32s):
You are lost. Beg your fish to fry at that time. Yeah. Like you were live streaming that wedding. Yeah. Like yeah, she was there probably, yeah. Pay-per-view. Like, Like she was watching on Patreon. But I remember all of us were sitting around like, Ooh, like we couldn't believe that Trevi missed it. Like we were like, how dare you? Like you're my bridesmaid. So many Missing it as a bridesmaid though is pretty crazy. But Like, like Trevi just being like, get a fucking grip. Y'all like is so real. Like I love that. Double down. She was ahead of her time with that. I'm not gonna lie, I think I wanna have a wedding that's Like, I literally wanna just have a big party and have everyone show up and Like I'm wearing a beautiful white dress. Yeah. I think that's amazing.

(1h 27m 12s):
I'm Like, I just want my wedding to be me and my husband or wife and that's that. I just, I would love to spend all that money on like a vacation or like a town payment. Yeah, on a house, right? Yeah. I want a destination wedding, but I really do want like a joint. Joint joint. Like I think it'd be so fun if like three of my other friends were getting married And I wanna like normalize that. This is, I, what I will say about that is Like, I love it in theory, but it's kind of like what I always tell you about like getting in a plane crash with you. It's like you don't wanna get in a plane crash with you. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I always say like, like whenever me and Danna are like on a jet, which like funny thing to even say aloud, but like, I'm like that I would die if this was the plane that went down because the headlines would all read Tana Mongeau and Friends.

(1h 27m 53s):
Yeah. Someone was just saying that the other day. Everyone is always saying that to me. I'm like, no one's gonna die. Like we're, we're going. Well, you know what I'm saying? Like no one wants to be like the other two. Having a wedding with Tana Mongeau and maoa, No one's coming to my Coachella set. No One's coming to my wedding set. I didn't think about it like that. God damnit. But I just, Ugh. Budget cuts. Weddings are expensive. Weddings are so expensive and they're so beautiful and they're so fun. So I will go to every wedding I get invited to, but I don't think I'll have, do You want what wedding? Do you love weddings? Do you want like Beach? Do you want Vegas? Do you Want I think it depends. I've never thought that much about my, I was never like a wedding Pinterest board maker because I always have like, every man would've been a completely different scenario because it's like, you know you're not gonna have the same wedding if like you're dating one person that you would for another.

(1h 28m 37s):
Does that make sense? I have such a strict vision on my wedding. Really? And I'm like, you will conform. Really? Yes. Wait, tell me about it. I wanna have a gorgeous chapel. I already see like my gorgeous little dress And I wanna walk down the aisle to video games. Wait, Really? Can you do that? Can you what? No, it's a cath. Wait, what can you not get married in if you're not Catholic? Oh wait, A church. Can you just get married in church and not be religious? Are you religious? Yeah. No, I was Like, I did my first communion but I didn't do my confirmation. My, so it's Like I technically can't get married but like Yes you can. It's really, really, You know how many crooked churches there probably are? Slide 'em a couple hundred Bucks. There's gonna be some sort of like, oh for black market because it's like Today's society.

(1h 29m 18s):
It's like pop tag, the chapel. I'm agnostic. I'm still gonna get married in a gorgeous little church. Yeah, church Are just so beautiful. I'd think I would literally catch fire if I tried to marry in a church. I think I need a Vegas moment. The ring wouldn't slide on. It's like, Like too magnet. I Could see you having like a Courtney Travis like Vegas wedding. I, now that I'm thinking about it, like, you know what I really, I always feel this way. Like I just went to a wedding and every time I leave a wedding I go home And I get sad. Like do you know the feeling like when you're little, a little kid and Christmas is over and you're really sad? Like my wedding cannot be one day. Yeah. Like I think it's like sometimes it's Like a week. A destination wedding is usually like a week long. Like I, in order, I think for me to like save it to the hard drive, I need it to be more than one day.

(1h 30m 4s):
Well Yeah. 'cause that's scary. You ever have a bad day and it just didn't happen and it's like, oh, oh Fuck. Right. Right. My mood, I'd be waking up pissed as fuck all the time. Like I would be furious. Imagine waking up the morning after your wedding and you're like, oh, I just spent fucking $200,000 or more. That's what I'm Horse fires remorse of all time. And now it's all just gone. And what? Like We're just back in our house so That fucking Susie and Sammy can go talk shit about the food you had at your wedding. Like yeah. Saying that their fucking salmon was dry. Oh, I'd be so Mad. And that happens and every time I hear it happen, every time I hear someone say anything negative about a wedding, I literally Like, I cringe inside. 'cause I'm like, if this happened to me, I would be sick. I am also so passionate about it just being like, maybe livestream gate really gave me this clarity, but like just being the people closest to me like that, literally like, fuck Susie and Sammy.

(1h 30m 52s):
Like you know, I don't want anyone that Like I gets so crazy. Same. I'm in a wedding party right now. I'm a bridesmaid with 17 other girls. We are. There's s brides, But also me as, Which also is so fun though because it's like all our colors. Like, it's like girls. I've always, I don't even know 17 people. Like, Well this is our very tight knit sorority. Like Blood sisters Dead serious. That's so crazy. This one's honestly like nothing important but just really fucking weird. My, what was I calling him? Greg? My Greg reached out, oh on December 9th. Sent me film photos that he took of me at his house. No context.

(1h 31m 32s):
Sent the pictures. Oh, you look amazing. Thank You. Wait, where'd you get that dog? With his crusty dog? Yeah. That dog looks like it's been, Smells like Fris. We have. So you love that when a man has a dying dog and you're just like, let me stop. No, he's, Wait, Hold on. I'm like, finish your sentence. Like Look at the cataracts in his eyes. Stop. But like to you it's the cutest dog ever. 'cause you like the boy, you know what's fucked up about LA and the time that film develops like, Oh yeah. So this, he reached out, he sent me those on December 9th. I answered like two days later. 'cause I'm a busy gal. Not really. I to like look busy. And I said, wow, I look gorgeous. And he never responded. So it's like, what? Like you, you fucking Hell, He probably did that to try to like hook up with you that day and then he like maybe lost the thought.

(1h 32m 18s):
I Lost my window. You should grid post them with like a really evil caption. Oh, who? That's hilarious. That is hilarious. I wanna know who else was on that role. Like how many girls got photos from that role alone? Just me. It Was, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to put, I didn't mean to put that your, That just insane. That is really like satanic work. That is satanic work. I'm sorry that happened to you. That's you deserve better. That's I know. And perhaps a woman Bebe, perhaps Bebe, listen To this diabolical shit. Like Who You live when you laugh like that. I like you laugh. So I go to shoot a Kevin Lang video.

(1h 33m 0s):
I feel Like I fucking told this story. You said something about Kevin Lang, you said he's really funny And I would like him. Oh Yeah, I told you that part. Okay. But he does jubilee style videos, but with standup comedians. So it's super funny. Whatever. I go to shoot it And I don't know if I'm allowed to spoil the video though. Whatever. You can just give it. I Mean we don't have a quick turnaround around. Yeah, you're right on these parts. The style of this video. So I'm sitting on a panel of judges, right. With like five people and we're all judging. There's one girl and there's five guys. Okay. And the girl continues to talk with each of the five guys and she is in a seven year long relationship with one of the five guys. Okay. Like, and it's our job to figure out who she is actually in this seven year relationship with.

(1h 33m 42s):
Okay. Okay. And all of these men are like trying to put this on their IMDB. Right? Right. So they're like giving it their all like Oh, so they're trying to make it seem like they're the one. Yes, Exactly. Exactly. And the entire time there's this guy. Okay. And he is, so everyone is convinced, like, and even Kevin Lang, like they're all saying like, we usually it's a lot more debate. Like, you know what I mean? Like, we don't usually know who the person is in these scenarios. Like whatever. And everyone is so immediately sure it's this guy. Right. And this process takes like an hour and a half. Okay. They're reading old text messages to like, to each other in front of us, like live reading them. So we can like guess who really sent those texts?

(1h 34m 22s):
Each guy is like sharing anecdotes about her. But this one guy is just like, we went to Big Baron fucking 2014 and we did this and this and this and like our First giving the most in depth convincing responses you have ever heard. Okay. And like all I, I don't like her mom be I because of this and her dad is like this and all of this and, and they have chemistry. Like everyone is so sure it's this guy. And I'm just like cracking jokes and kind of have this hunch that I'm like, damn. Like if it's not this guy like serial killer of this century, like do you get what I'm saying? Yeah. Like what's her name's movie Anna Kendrick. Like just like if, if this guy is not her boyfriend of seven years years and one of the other guys in this lineup is like he just out boyfriend, the boyfriend of Yeah. I'd be so embarrassed if I was the real one.

(1h 35m 3s):
Literally. Like if you are able to lie that well on site, then you need to like join the fucking style. He Sounds hot. And so eventually we all put in our votes. Everyone is voting for this convincing guy. I'm like, fuck it. I think it's someone else. I vote whatever ever. And all the comedians are beefing tooth. They're like, what the fuck? Like, no, it's obviously this guy. Right? Come to find out it's not this guy. Oh. Like he did the most fascinating, incredible job of like lying and acting. Is She involved in it? Like she's she's responding. Yes. But Yes. And like her chemistry with him was crazy and like They're like giggling at each other, like shy. But I almost would've found something like off about like, It was so convincing. I cannot like stress it enough. It was so fucking convincing.

(1h 35m 43s):
This Man was like lying so well that he should join the ccia a I'm so fucking serious. Like, And so come to find out it's not him. And mind you, when we started filming, he said his favorite artist was Tame Impala. He long boarded away. Oh no. Paige was sold and now she's going on a date with this Paige. And then I'm like, oh, why are they always bad? Because he is like lying diabolically through his fucking teeth in front of me. And I'm like, oh, that's fine. Or maybe all of those things he said were true. But it was another woman he was deeply in love with. Well that's also not great. Why? 'cause I've been down that path before. Oh yeah. Wouldn't recommend it to a Friend. I think I've seen this. But now he keeps following up with you via text. Like I think you should really see It through relentlessly.

(1h 36m 25s):
This man will not stop hitting you up. And honestly Okay, well maybe, Maybe give it a second and see how persistent he is because that might make you not wanna see him. No, I think it's like making me like, like him more. Really? Yeah, but I'm like really not engaging with him, but I admire the consistency. No, That's a serial killer. Well proof is in the pudding. I don't know. I'm kind of into it and like I'll stand on his pegs, you know? What does that mean? I Don't know. Like he like biked away, like standing on his pegs. Paige like I'll like sit on his skateboard. He could like push me around. Oh, bless your heart. You know what Canada event? I know he could End up being look, listen to my tone. Let me just stop. You know what? Be really good guy.

(1h 37m 7s):
I have a story about the paparazzi. Oh, Which team they're on. No, but I really do. But we could save it for the Patreon if you want. We've been kind of cooking over here. I've Got, you know, I'm just so happy to be here. I just, I love this place. So Good. I'm like trying to give them a teaser at the end of the episode. I'm like the paparazzi in LA have gone too far more on Patreon. Dun dun. No. But guys, Thank you so much for this year of Cancelled. I know the next episode that is coming out is with Alex Warren And I, this is the last time that we are filming in 2024 and it has been the craziest rollercoaster ever and the craziest year.

(1h 37m 48s):
Like, and just all live the most consistent thing I think was this fucking couch for us. You know? And yeah, this one specifically, honestly some other couch. But you know, just sitting down to podcasts And I just appreciate everyone's support through and through and I'm really, really excited for what 2025 is going to bring. I think that we should start the top of next year with an award show episode. And anything you, it's only right. Wanna see for the future of Cancelled next year. Like I would just love any requests, like any topics, any guests, anything that you want us to do, we're always willing to reinvent, to revamp, to, you know, bring a little spice.

(1h 38m 29s):
Oh yeah. Tell 'em to the podcast. Ooh. Yeah. Let know. We love you guys toast so much. Happy holidays and happy New Year. We will see you in 2025. Love you guys. That's crazy. 2025. It's crazy

(1h 38m 56s):
When you're part of a military family. You understand, sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus Preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.