(0s):
Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes C details.

(31s):
Hello And welcome Back to the second annual Cancel podcast Awards. First try was Crazy. That was like, I'm not even kidding. Fuck. Perfect example. Once again, Brooke was so poised in you And I actually are like Dying. That was like harder than taking the SATs. It Is so like nice to be in such a nice studio. No, this Is so beautiful. I feel like there's like a smooth filter on us. No popcorn ceilings and we Look so heavenly and nice and it's crazy 'cause we're actually about to like ruin our lives and careers and brand deals. But it's nice to have something like brand deals, Right? I'm like, no, not Here. You know the, the vibrators of the world, right? Yeah. It's nice to have something annual.

(1m 13s):
Well We, I Mean we, no, we're late. Really annual. It's a tradition. Yes. Okay, perfect. And that's beautiful. It's Something to like keep us going, something to look forward to. And I have Much, I have been really looking forward to this. I'm not kidding. And I'm so excited, I'm so excited to do this. We have our beautiful host Paige Cameron today. Woo. And if you guys tuned into last year's, we kind of just made shit up As It went. And we're doing the same thing again this year. Like three girls with a notes app and a dream and just evil mindsets really. I think it's like Brooke And I sat and we like, wrote all the categories for this and we were like, yes, this is perfect. This is the Finish award show. And then I was like, rereading it today.

(1m 54s):
And I was like, not one of these topics is like nice. I know we're miserable people, But it brings me joy. Like hating brings me joy. And I think it's so fun. Dude. I was watching American Ninja Warrior the other day and which is good crossover for us. 'cause I know that's kind of right up your alley right now. And I was being such a hater and then I had this whole out-of-body experience where it's like, Tana, this is this person's lifelong dream. Like who cares what shoes they're wearing. Like it's just like, you're mean, you're, you're mean miserable hater as wait, Hold on. Are there shoes that you should be wearing on American Israel? They're just like Little like, that was just like little things. Like I was just being a hater. I was laughing at people and Like I, it's just the small things and karma Will get you.

(2m 38s):
I, I do just love to hate. I know. And talk Shit know and like sue me honestly. And People provide you with so much. It's like when we were really sitting thinking about like the big things to talk about in 2024. Like it's rare that people do good shit. Like everything on TikTok that went viral is usually someone doing some crazy shit including us. But you know, yeah, I'm Sure good shit happened but I didn't see it. Yeah, that's, you know, we're just not on The, not my for you page. Yeah. Uhuh we're not really on the philanthropic side of TikTok. I Don't even have a for you page anymore. People like Just skim past like the good deeds in life. Yeah. So you deleted your TikTok app and now you like don't have it back. Not At all. I'm an idiot. I'm literally an idiot. I'm not kidding. No way. 'cause that's like a no shit.

(3m 18s):
That was gonna happen. But I just kept, I didn't think it was coming up opening it. I kept opening it and opening it And I opened. I just didn't think about not being able to redownload it. And so I was like, you know what, lemme just delete it and I'll get it back when it comes back. Nope. It came back. I can't get it back. Even Just like writing these topics down, like being like, Hailey bo Bailey, let the meat cake. It's like, it's the same thing that I've always said. It's like we just know too much. Like I would love that terabyte free And I can't imagine like, I'm jealous honestly. The one morning I woke up without the TikTok, the TikTok app, I swear to God I got outta bed in three minutes. Normally it takes me like two hours to get up 'cause I'm just scrolling, doom scrolling. Three minutes I was outta bed. I've been seeing people say that like you're supposed to just immediately get up.

(3m 58s):
Can't at All. Like if I had a dick I'd be peeing in water bottles. Girl, I have always fucking said that. Like I'm not getting up for Shit. They have the little women ones but you know, I'd just miss, I'd be going all over the floors. Yeah, I thought about peeing the bed that like on purpose the other day. Go ahead, Elaborate little more please. That was it. I hold my pee really crazy And I know it's gonna affect me later in life. I'm definitely gonna be diapered up Or the opposite. You'll have like your muscles built up, like you'll, you'll be able to hold onto it. Like we probably won't be able to. We Should get into the awards. Okay. I know. I was gonna say, I've like given myself a UTI from holding my pee before, but we don't even have to. I I Definitely don't have More time.

(4m 39s):
So we had to slightly change up our awards from last year because last year we had a whole segment of like 20 awards that were most fuckable blank. I would still do it. Like I think we're funny as fuck for that. Like most fuckable middle aged person is so funny. Okay. Honestly let's bring that one Like please. I'm begging like so funny and it's Like I do feel like the people that we're with are very secure and it wouldn't matter. But then I still feel Like I would catch strays. Like the internet would just call me a cheater. So I try to like avoid that. Whatever. I know. I guess that's true. It's like you're not And Mcco doesn't care like Me off TikTok for one day. I'm like, who cares what they say. Point off red. Who cares? Yeah, that is So true. I just can't read it. I can't see it. It doesn't exist at all.

(5m 20s):
Call me a cheater. Do it. What were they? We have Devin here today. We have a gay person finally on set with us. I've been needing to talk to a gay person for so long. We've been talking about this for literally two years. We need a gay person in-house And we finally have an in-house gay person producer who is so amazing and it's just, it's great. What were the most fuckable? Should we try to just go off tops? Most fuckable streamer. Most Fuckable Streamers. We Crazy Think we literally said that Just because we had one streamer we wanted to call Fuckable. No, I think it was Like I wanted to call Dream fuckable and that just ended up, That's what it was. Oh yeah, no, that's what it was. We started making up categories just so that we could say like, oh I wanna fuck this person. It would be like most fuckable like doorman.

(5m 60s):
It's crazy. I was getting, I was leading myself so astray before I met Makola. 'cause it's Like I knew I wanted to outsource, you know what I mean? Like I had done the, the archetypes, the musicians, the like influencers, the whatever. So I just started getting really crazy, really Creative. Yeah. Like it's, you know like I'm sur like right now it'd be like most fuckable snake Wrangler. Ooh. You Know, it's crazy 'cause there's a guy for that. It's Rob. Thank you God. Are there normal ones or do we just not? I don't know. I mean, who's fuckable At this point? Anyone? Bob Dylan. Bob Dylan. Oh, don't even Get started. We saw a complete unknown last night. And like Timothy Chalamet is just superhuman. I'm loving the era he's in right now. Back on his like SNL.

(6m 41s):
Like really funny, silly, goofy. This C press tour. Ugh. It was the most amazing movie ever. Like it really? Did you see he Like showed up to the premiere on a lime bike. Didn't He get a ticket? I don't know. But I love His soul. I heard he got a ticket for parking it badly. That has to be a sponsorship, right? Like there's no way. I don't know unless he's just like trying to be quirky and it's working on me. Well 'cause I didn't, lys kind of start, people started to catch on to the fact they're actually really dangerous. So maybe they need some, they're I, I Have a friend who's been in a coma for like months. Girl. What? I mean he's not, he's not anymore. But like, he literally got run over by a car on a lime scooter. What? Yeah. And then, and it was my, my old roommate's brother and as the second he woke up she posted him in a wheelchair to they see me rolling.

(7m 23s):
That's real. Like everyone's gonna jail anyway. Don't get on limes. I do it all the time. You do love to Lime, I love Ly. So any fuckable or we just, should we start with lower Timothy Shale Me please. Begging God. Oh my God. Most fuckable everything You get like really sad. She like wouldn't see a complete unknown with me for a couple days 'cause she's like, I'm gonna be so sad after 'cause I can't have him. I get that. I used to feel that way about Nick Jonas. Like literally like it, it wasn't even an enjoyable experience to be a fan the way that I was. It was like I'm never gonna get to have him. And it fucking made me Idea. That's why I felt about Bieber. But that's why I dated Brad. I was telling her she just needs a lookalike. No, but then I'd be so sad. It's not like the Timothy, but There's, first of all, there's a reason Timothy's hot. It's not, it's not how he looks. No, no it is. And everything about him.

(8m 3s):
He's Hot but like so hot. No, he's my dream. That is literally my fucking dream man. I Think a lookalike would satiate you in some ways. No, 'cause I'd be so mad. It's not like the OG to Me. No, but like two shots and like imagine No 'cause Start crying. You Had, there is something to be said about the fact that you were, you had a substance abuse issue at the time that you were dating your doppelganger. Yeah, He Was. She like starts calling him Justin. No, but it was everything. 'cause Like I would get drunk enough that I was like, you know what? Like if I really just squint and like imagine like Bieber's fucking me, Two vodka crans and a Benadryl, Whatever works. Yeah. Two vodka crans and a Benadryl is So real. I'm like fucking the hat man at the same time. No threesomes. It really is.

(8m 46s):
Okay. Anyway, okay. Categories. I mean should we start with a negative one or a positive one? I think They're all negative. I think we should get more positive as we go. Because by the end, people are gonna really have a bad taste in their mouths and we're gonna have to bring 'em back up to That's Genius. Or should we just flip flop? Oh We could flip flop. Just there's way more negative it goes. Without being said, these have no structure. These are not organized in any way, shape, or form. This is just as it came right out of our brain. No, I had a double shot of espresso and just started clacking in my notes app. And it's gonna show Like Now first subcategory is, Well, does Paige read them? Because she's our host. Oh my god, I Forgot The world's best host. Okay, big gold pin sleeping on the jump's.

(9m 29s):
Your time to shine. I'm like, yeah, I need to sing. Break BRB. You should have A sig and black sunglasses and start singing like a rolling stone please. How does it feel? Okay. Are we just going off Of this? Yeah, you could even pick it like, Oh If you want like throw me and Brooke off, you know, like this Just, oh, spice it up. Ooh. Okay guys. Our first category for the Cancelled podcast awards. Ooh. This celebrity or influencer caught astray. Our nominees for this category are Brittany broski, Tessa Brooks and Zach sang. Oh, Okay. So these are the people that we think caught astray.

(10m 10s):
Yeah, we were talking about it and we're like, who are we? We a little too hard on this year. Yeah. Who just genuinely like was shrapnel in our like mental Gymnastics. I think there was, there was a moment there where we were just coming at everyone's neck And I think we were just like, maybe there was some underlying issues that we were dealing with. Yeah. Perhaps some insecurity. And I think that some people were victimized wrongfully. Yeah, I Agree with that. Now I have a question here because I don't think we're gonna have the same answers. Okay. Like, do you think it's one of those things where we award where we think for this? I think we do have the same answer because I, for example, I don't think Zach sang caught astray. I think he, I might have gone a little too far, but yeah, I don't regret that.

(10m 56s):
I regret Brittany broski. I regret, I think Brittany broski caught astray. I'm a Brittany Broski. Apologist. I love you. I'm so sorry. That Was an inside conversation that was like the camera went off. We sat there with Tricia. Like we could have been Like, I got this text. Let off the steam like that. That didn't need to be an SD card. Export. Publish Conversation. Yeah. And I, there's, I don't know, there's something to be said about like the, we learned this lesson this year and we always say like, oh we just learned this. But it's like, no shit. We don't always have like an understanding of how it's gonna be received. Like in our, in our heads or at least in my head at that time I was like, oh, this is good. Maybe she'll see this and be like, oh I should Go on. Wait. So she, I Agree. Wait, so she caught astray because she politely declined the offer to come on the pod.

(11m 37s):
Don't catch another. Okay. Her verbiage to me via text when asking, you know, it stung a little. Sure. Like I was like, oh you know, but again, did I need to export and publish that? Probably not. And I think now like it's like she ate, she was ahead of her time. Yeah. She knew she Was doing, yeah. She knew something like we didn't even know at the time. 100%. Like she was that So raven for that. And she knew bitch Had her crystal ball Out. Yeah. And like she protect your peace brosky and like inside conversation. So therefore I think it's astray. I you apologize to Tessa. But I think that, I don't know, I think I Agree with you with Zach saying too, like just the volume was very up but it was a trying time.

(12m 21s):
Yeah. I was getting really, really like excited at that time. I love excited. I Love excited. I think, I think it just, everyone was just building me up And I was like ready to explode and something exploded. Yeah. You Were like about to come. Like Zach saying was like right before you came, like Lost That clarity on all of this. Honestly, that's exactly it. We were like really edging all year. Ooh. And then didn't Delete. Draft. Draft. I liked it. I liked it. Yeah. I'm gonna give it to Brittany broski. Woo Bri award. Yes. Brittany. Yes. If she would ever send us a cease desist, like to me, I just, when you gaze into the future, Whip out that crystal ball.

(13m 1s):
It's a new year and I've been wanting to get out of the house more. And my favorite way to get out of the house is by going to a concert. Which is why I'm so excited to tell you about today's sponsor. SeatGeek. With over 28 million downloads, SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. And to celebrate the new year, SeatGeek gave me a special hookup where anyone can use our code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off their next purchase. On SeatGeek, there are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, comedy and more. Right now you can use our code and get tickets to the recently announced Kendrick Lamar and cssa or Post Malone tours. Plus there are so many artists that are about to go on sale. I love using SeatGeek. I just attended Billie Eilish and it was the best night of my life. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10, so you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. So what are you waiting for? Take out your phone. Open the SeatGeek app and add code Cancelled 2025 to your account to make sure you get 10% off your next set of tickets. That's code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek? Just click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.

(14m 17s):
Our next category is for the funniest rebrand. The nominees are Gypsy Rose, nca, avocado, and Gabby Hannah. Oh, Those are some good Reads. Wait, what was the first one? Gypsy Rose. Gypsy Rose. She went from Murderer to mother. How is that? She went, she had the baby and apparently it's Jimmy Carter and then NTO Avocado, you know, really popped up. That's A, that's what I would call an impressive rebrand. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe it's best rebrand. Who, what was the third one? Gabby Hanna And Gabby Hanna. So she kind of went from like to like Gym, fitness, Pilates host.

(14m 57s):
Yeah. Right. I like that for her. She Kind, yeah. She slayed with that best Rebrand. I'm gonna go NCA. Avocado. I was the most locked into that one. I think. No one thought he was gonna show up. Gaunt. I just love like the social experiment. Like, or like the really like, like He took it there of It all the hand to head. Like, you know, there were some props there were like, you Know. Yeah. And he thought about every little step, like how he could prove that like they weren't, you know, two Steps ahead. Yeah. And Like I really Like I could paint that like him in the red shirt. Like it just him like on the strip, like those videos and we thought they were ai. I'm gonna go nada avocado. Yeah. He really fooled the masses and I'm gonna copy her And I Agree. Do you think he Did Manjaro?

(15m 38s):
Yeah, I think everyone did Manjaro. Yeah. It is. It was so funny seeing people like admitting their secrets on TikTok and just saying they were on Ozempic and it's like we knew. Okay guys, our next category is for the wackiest endorsement. Our nominees are Bryce Hall, Maga, Alyssa Violet backing Jason Nash. And lastly Colleen Ballinger And Jojo Siwa. And Jojo Siwa. So Jojo Siwa endorsing Colleen. Yes. Oh that was rough. Did I just write Colleen Ballinger? No, I think I just skipped a few things. Yeah. Okay. Improv. I start making to up wackiest endorsement. We've got Bryce Hall with maga, we've got Alyssa Viole and Jason Nash.

(16m 21s):
We've got Jojo and Colleen. I don't even think that's that wacky. I think she's just a little off her rocker. I'm gonna go personally with Bryce Halt just because it was like very much so. Like what do you mean? Donald Trump just called you on stage. Oh, I didn't even think about that. Like the re Like I, I'm thinking Donald Trump endorsing Bryce Hall, right? Yeah. You have a, you have a valid point there that might sway, no pun intended. My final Did you write that? Be honest, vote No. No, but it was so Good. I'm just, you don't believe it. She was Robin that good? My wit. It's hard because I'm just so passionate about how wacky of an endorsement Jason Nationalist a Violet was Like, I guess it was kind of just outta nowhere.

(17m 3s):
Just wacky as all get out. Like Truly like why was she riding for him so hard? Like, like, Like I like to see her passionate about something again like Donald Trump and Bryce Hall really does like make sense and so does Jojo and Colleen. To me It makes sense but it's like, what is Bryce Hall doing? Like at a rally? No, it doesn't make Sense to me. I mean it does make sense. Like, did you see who was at the inauguration? Oh yeah. Who Wasn't at the inauguration. Yeah, it's so true. It's so fucking true. I'm gonna go Alyssa Violet and Jason Ash for my wackiest endorsement, but that's just me. Okay, I'm gonna go Donald and Bryce. I'm going Donald and Bryce. We have a Divided nation here. We Sure do. As we do Our next category is Funniest Cancellation.

(17m 46s):
Our first nominee is Hawk Tua with her coin. Aw. Our second nomination is Sketch Corn and our third nominee is Nara Smith with her fuck ass. Bob, this One's an easy answer for me. Honestly, I feel bad for Hawk Tua getting Cancelled. Like she had to just, she's been silenced. Oh yeah. Has Hawk two not been talked to It? Yeah, she's off bridge. She's she's not, she Hasn't been Hawking. She's not hawking or talking to anyone. Wait. Oh I didn't even know she got Cancelled down like that. Oh girl. Like I feel like that's the first thing of like an don't let a coin get you down. No, I think it's Like, I think it's very like serious as far as like the legal battle of it all. 'cause like a lot, a lot of people actually lost so much money but also crazy.

(18m 29s):
Who? Like who? Okay. Honestly it's like if, if you're buying that coin, what haw coin or Something? No, but like Darwin's law Darwinism and honestly that was natural selection. What is it? What is it She just said? Darwin's law. Darwinism. I know. Am I on to something not close to what I'm trying to say? Yes, yes, yes. Very. Like if you Spent money on the hawk to a coin, you deserve to no longer have that money. Yeah. You know Like that is just nature weeding them out. I Agree With that. But I just feel, I do feel bad for her 'cause she just had like, she was really like on on one with her little podcast. She was having so much fun. I know she was getting all this attention and she was being so funny and then they just Rumored.

(19m 11s):
It's, it's a great example of just like management. I feel like that's just management A rite of passage though that happens to so many little influencers Not Yeah, I guess Get it outta the way. Yeah. Yeah, That's true. Better now than later. It was a half a billion dollar scam. Okay. Yeah. Wait, hold On. Needs a, she Needs a hiatus. Hold on, hold on. Wait, What do you mean It was a half a billion dollar scam. Are you telling me the public spent half a billion dollars investing into this coin? So Nerd finance shit, it got up to a market cap of $500 million before plummeting down to 25 million people bought enough for it to get up to that price. And then they rug pooled it, sold it all. That's actually the most insane thing I've ever heard. There's a, there's a new one that I tried to invest in the other day because it was like, it was up like a hundred and, or I don't, I don't even know the numbers.

(19m 56s):
I don't wanna say the numbers 'cause I'll sound so stupid. But it was like if you had invested a thousand dollars, you would've made a hundred thousand dollars by morning. Yeah, that's actually Insane. But it was like a meme coin or something. But someone told me to do it. I was like I'm gonna do it. But apparently you have to have a driver's license So I'm gonna go Smith's bob. No, that's The funniest one by far. Yeah, I Agree. Haw to his coin is just a little sad. I same with sketches 'cause I really, I love him and like, But he was on it. But the category is funniest cancellation and he was so funny with the way that he handled it. You actually are so right. He was hilarious, right? Like the way that he went about it. Yeah. No, he has my vote. I love him. I love, I'm like Sketch's absolute biggest fan.

(20m 38s):
I love him so much. I still think people being genuinely up in arms about the back of Nora Smith's head so funny was like a highlight of my year in pop culture. I thought it was a fake image. Honestly. I still look at that and I'm like, there's no way anyone's neck is that skinny. Oh yeah. Bobblehead Bobblehead Magee. But also getting Cancelled for like having gay sketch. You have my vote. Love you. Yeah. What's up brother? Good. What was the other one? Hawk to a coin. Oh my god. I imagine her mugshot and like hawk to a behind bars. She's so little. I hope that doesn't Happen. I really Like, I I hope someone's checking on her. 'cause like, I mean this is all assuming that she had no idea what was like at, At what 0.2 though.

(21m 19s):
Like yes she's the face of that. But like other people should be held accountable for Life. Yeah. Okay. Next category. This category is good intentions. Our first nominee, Jeffrey Star livestream gate. Oh, this is a category of what things that we meant. Well with Good intentions, horrible outcome. Oh yeah. Next one. You may know her pretty well. I know her severely well. Paige filling in for Brooke on the Cancelled podcast. And our last nominee Brooke buying Mouse the cat at the Grove. Oh.

(22m 0s):
All the intentions there were really good. Yeah, I mean hard. It's like we, if we had, Were able to see the future in any of those scenarios, I think we would've maybe done things differently. I'm gonna agree with that To The future. That's hard 'cause it's like wow. Yeah, I just really was thinking about how all of those things like ended up playing out. It's just funny to me. Even like Paige filling in in that episode, like the way people were up in arms. But I think if we had done anything differently, people would've been equally up in arms about that. No. Yeah. It was definitely a very lose lose situation. Oh yeah. Oh I was losing, I'm gonna go Jeffrey Star livestream gate because like in my head truly, I thought that like every, that was just gonna be like so easy, simple and fun.

(22m 42s):
Yeah. And what could be cuter and like more special than that Except for like the patrons. Everything. The galaxies. Yeah. But Like now looking back on it, I'm like, of course that went down exactly the way that it did. Yeah. But It's almost like too, sometimes I wouldn't change anything because like, yes, people were like up in arms about that. People had so many negative things to say but like that was also very funny and like a huge, you know, if you paid for that amount of marketing for us in our wonky little podcast, it probably would've costed a lot of money. So True. Honestly, I like that outlook. But I, I do say like, mouse takes the cake because like, what the fuck was that? I really thought, oh I'm just gonna get a second cat. And now I have like literally The World.

(23m 22s):
You're actually so right. Like changed your life. Completely. Completely. And all because of a manic episode. I had, I'm not even kidding, I was walking around the grove. I was having like, not a bad day 'cause it was a really good day. But I was like so emotional And I was like, what can I do Second Cat buy a cat And every my life will never be the same. I have a toddler for the next 20 years. You Too. Yeah. You know what, I gotta hand it to myself. I'm giving this award to me because you know, all the, You really caught like the craziest, craziest amount of strays from that, which was nuts. Like you just stepped directly into a line of fire that like Oh yeah, yeah. Had nothing to do with you. And thanks for loving us enough to be willing to do that. I Know. And I'm, I'm sorry because that I do take like partial blame Of course for that it just like, it was a shitty situation 'cause we were being pinned against each other.

(24m 8s):
Yeah. No, everyone hated me. I like to think without reason. I'm giving this to myself for all the people in my DM saying no one wants a big back as a co-host. Look at me now. I'm hosting the Cancelled podcast. Second annual award, second Annual bitch. That is awesome that we all had a different one. Our next category is for our favorite celebrity child. Our first nomination is Megan. We should have, let's put some respect on Megan Trainer's kid. What is its name? It's crazy. Oh, his little glasses. His red velvet glasses. He's so cute. Barry Bruce. What's his name? Barry. Barry. Bruce. Oh.

(24m 48s):
Like Barry. Like why was I thinking like Barry? Oh, like Berry. Yeah. Okay. Like Barry's in cream. Oh, like Berry. Yeah. Like hello. What's wrong with me? Okay. Our First nomination is Meghan Trainor's Child Barry. Our second nomination is Elvis paid Us Hackman. Ooh. And Our third nomination Gypsy Rose's Baby. Aurora. Aurora. I knew it'd make me laugh. Aurora Like Aurora Borealis Like, or like The The Princess. Yeah, Like the Disney Sleeping Beauty. Sleeping Beauty's. Kind of really funny that she named her kid after Sleeping Beauty. 'cause like her mom was like in rem. Yeah. So yeah, welcome back.

(25m 30s):
It feels good to be here. But I guess she can't avoid like the topic of sleeping for the rest of her life. I just have such a soft spot for Trish. Both Trisha's kids. 'cause they're Like I, if It is it like, you know how you like love your own kids so much that you think they're cute. It's Like I feel Like I might love her so much that I just, her kids to me, I'm like, there's no cuter kids. I couldn't agree more. Malibu's getting so grown and big too. I'm like, oh my God. Like I Can't wait until she really starts like chatting. You wanna Hear the cutest thing? A few nights ago we were at Trisha's filming not Loveline. And Malibu's new thing is she goes up to Trisha at night and she goes, let's do nice and cozy. Which means they're having cuddled time.

(26m 10s):
Oh. Like they get nice and cozy under a blanket and like watch a movie. Oh my God. It's so sweet. Somebody. Not the other nominees. It's Malibu. Yeah. You're seriously, it's Malibu and Elvis. You're right. I don't Really care for Aurora. Yeah. Like we don't know Aurora Rose Blanchard. My God. I want to. And Like leave Megan Trailer's kid alone. He He is really, really cute though. He's so Cute. He's so smart. Remember when he sent sent us that video that said Stop vaping. Our lives are so fucking weird because what do you mean? Megan Trainer's kid sent us a video that said stop vaping. He did And it was adorable. And I mean no notes Barry. I can't stop but that's crazy. Yeah. I'm gonna go.

(26m 51s):
Elvis paid a Hackman. Me too. Yeah. And Malibu Bar beat of course. Paid a Hackman.

(26m 55s):
Hello Buffalo. Everyone's favorite slot game is live on Draft Kings Casino Hit the reels wherever and whenever to play for Wild Western winds. New players can play five bucks to get a spin on the mystery wheel for a shot at up to TWO THOUSAND in Casino Credits. Download the app and sign up with code Cancelled. Join the stampede with Buffalo on DraftKings Casino Now The Crown is Yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER and Connecticut. Help us available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present In Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply One per new customer play $5 in spin wheel to receive between 10 and two thousand dollars in non withdrawal casino Credits for select games that expire in 160 eight hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos ends February 16th, 2025 at 1159 PM Eastern Time. Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring this episode of the Cancelled podcast.

(27m 53s):
This One might be my personal favorite category. Rodent Man of the Year. Okay. Our nominees for this category are Barry Kegan, Timothy Schlamme and Paul Mezcal. I still dunno what Paul Mezcal looks like. And you've shown me nine times you Disgusted me. Sorry. But the Problem with Paul Mezcal is like any other rodent man, unless you know about him, you might not think he's like that attractive. Right, That's true. The rodent men are carried by their lore. Oh can also, what was the first one? Barry Kegan. Oh, that's daddy. Absolutely not So fucking wait. Can I also add in a nominee? Yeah. Selfishly, Maddie Healy, smallest man who ever lived?

(28m 35s):
No, he's out Rodent man though. Love me. Yeah, but he's not winning anything. Oh, he might be personally, I have a hot take. Like I'm just not I Yeah, I'm not. I was only subscribed to Barry Kegan with Sabrina in tow. Right. And now that he is, well To be clear, solo. She's in tow. She's driving. Yeah, That's true. That is really true. He's dead now that she's gone. Oh my God. Yeah, it's, it's Timothy for me. Oh my god. Timothy. Timothy to me is a close second. But Paul Mezcal, I have such a soft spot for him this year. Oh my God. He did so good. Gladiator. He was so hot. No, like look at him once upon a time when you were Matt. Oh, I just, yeah. I love Timothy show. I like Timothy. I wanna fuck Timothy as Wonka Yo. Like no notes.

(29m 16s):
Do you think him and Kylie role play? I fucking hope So. Like what? Imagine Kylie Jen role playing Or honestly, I would also take him as his character on SNO and he's like, yeah y Well that's, I only dated people like that for years. Unfortunately. Yeah. Honestly, you dated that man already. I will say Barry in Saltburn though. Oh my God. I love, I love a liar. I love Jacob. The Lord. He's, Yeah, like that picture. And I love a hunker. Oh my God. For me it was at the grave site. Oh. Oh you were trying to be that dirt? Yes. Ooh, Ooh. Wait, scroll up. I like his tech neck. What Do you mean tech neck? Get the cheek. What is Tech?

(29m 56s):
Tech deck Tech. No tech neck. But I'm saying like does tech neck derive from like the little mini scape? The M like not kidding. Like actually not kidding. I pulled something Mary Kegan like frequently looks like he just got beat up. Like, like lost a fight. I feel like Barry, what's The other one? Wait, how do I, oh Paul. Okay. I'm crying. Oh Paul, Is he Irish? He looks Irish. You always Irish. Is he actually Irish? Irish? I had to have known that before and then I'm just trying to like, and His accent too. It's just like everything combined. He is a hot rodent man. He is. My whole Pass Also, it's Giving me a little Love with Gracie is like too powerful.

(30m 40s):
Yeah, that's a really hot couple. Yeah, I'm going Timothy. But but Also hate him because what'd He do? Phoebe Bridger is who I'm Coplay today. I am dressed as Phoebe Bridges. I'm dressed as boy genius. But how do you know She's not so For Daisy Edgar Jones? No, that's a rumor. No. Have you seen the pictures of the Met at the Met Gala? Yeah. Oh, It's one image of him like happening to look in her direction and people made this like entire narrative around it saying that he left Phoebe and was in love with Daisy. Which he should have been honestly because them a normal people. Wait, AMI, can you look up Paul Mezcal But not Versus Met Gala Pbe. I feel like You guys are actually speaking Mandarin right now. Like I have no idea what you Saying. The picture of him looking at Daisy while, oh my God.

(31m 22s):
Oh it makes me sick. Oh, I always see the memes made with this though. And they're so good. But How do you know he didn't see an old friend and he just was appreciating her on the carpet because He dated her after that picture says everything like caught in 4K. I'm making that my Twitter header. No context tonight. And then there's a video where he has his like hands around both of their hips and he takes his off of Phoebe's who he was dating at the time. Big T. Oh that is kind of crazy. I, okay, I guess I'm, now that I'm being enlightened, maybe I feel differently. My pink cankles versus my orange body right now is KLEs Is crazy. That sounds like a, like a TikTok artist. Like tomorrow if you were like, pink Cankles is new song, I'd be like, yeah, Pink Kle Club Sounds like someone Chris smell Ings out with.

(32m 9s):
Okay. Excuse me. And pink cankle through the Stoop. Okay. Please, please, please, please, please. Okay. Our next category. Worst guy, our nominees. Just, just that. Just that. So Real worst man. Our nominees for this category are Zach, Bryan, boo Halle, Kate's boyfriend, And I Don't even know who that is. Clinton Kain. Oh, Ooh, That's a good one. Which one's? Halle, Kate the blonde and the blonde versus Redhead blonde. She, you know, the little redhead girl. It was like their whole drama. But here's, here's where why I think this man belongs on this list.

(32m 51s):
Okay. Because those two girls had like the biggest feud of the century and he just sat back and just like enjoyed having these two beautiful girls fight over him. And he let Halle like kind of not look, I don't wanna say look stupid, but like he knew damn well that he asked Sophia on a date. Okay. And he let her think that she went out of her way and bent over backwards looking for this guy when he was, he literally damned her and said Let's go on a date on Thursday. Okay. And so Halle is like having this whole thing and like talking about her on TikTok and then come to find out he literally was the one who asked her on a date. And Halle, imagine finding that out. I'd be like, Yeah, it's crazy that like if she ran it by him and he just sat there silently and like didn't say anything.

(33m 31s):
Well never Along the way was he like, hey, maybe not so loud. 'cause I did look, he asked her on a date. Yeah, That's kind of crazy. Like that's how I feel like he should have reacted. Maybe he did. And just like that whole beef being so centered around the women when it was like just so clearly his fault is crazy. He does kind of deserve the category the more that I think about It. But you know, but then I also like, you know, people really come for her for getting back with him and like how many times have weed on that? More than I can count. Yeah. So, But Also it's like Zach Bryan's in this category. Yeah. So he Yeah. God damn. Zach Bryan. Oh, oh, he swept this, this Award. I don't know. Clinton Kane is a Oh, stacked, stacked crowd. That is so hard. It Feels like it happened like lifetimes ago. But my series happened this year.

(34m 11s):
This was like, Yeah, Zach Bryan and Clinton Cain is so hard because they both are pretty up there with like equally awful gremlin, like little Lego stature, like angry on the mic with music. They were So similar music in so many ways. I could tell like just based on like how just what Brianna like became in that relationship. I literally was like, oh, she's dating Clinton. Do we give Zach Bryan one extra point? Because good music slash arenas. Yeah. Yes. And like Clinton is somewhere right now singing at a wall. Right? No, I'm pretty sure I saw him in the airport the other day. Busking. I Always like almost see him like people really look like him. He's a monster. Yeah, he's a gremlin. He's a gremlin.

(34m 51s):
But we also do have to add plus 50 to Clinton's score because he also faked the death of his entire family. So, right. Yeah. I guess that Brian didn't fake the death of his family. Right. And Clinton definitely didn't offer me any money, so, Oh, it's Clinton. Yeah. Clinton Cain. It's 100% Clinton Cain, good Job. You swept. We should really try to get his parents on the pod parent. I, but I'm not kidding. I have messaged her so many times. I tried everything. Like, come on. I tried everything. She, well, what's Her name? Bruna? No, her name is. Oh, they're from Bruna. Yes. Ooh. Next category Please. Oh, this is a good one. Our next category is Funniest Beef.

(35m 31s):
Ooh. Hob starving. M like she Wants that a Five. Right? I'm like, let's end this. Our nominees for this category are Alabama, Barker and Bad Baby. Ooh, That's a good one. Cor and Christine Delco. And lastly Mr. Beast and Rosanna Panino. Wow. I vote for the first one because you Know the other two, they're all so funny. Like I, I think I expected myself to sooner die than see Rosanna Panino, New York Times bestseller, America's sweetheart Yummy Mummies herself coming at Mr. Beast and his lunch Lee Empire. Like that is crazy. And not even one video like 30, like that is 30 YouTube videos.

(36m 14s):
Like that is, it was so funny and so entertaining and just so unexpected. All of it. Her being in the Mr. Beast games and then it like lighting a fire for her to like start this great. No notes Alabama and Bad Baby. Just, you know, I Might add Alabama in Tana to this category. That was a funny beef. Oh yeah. That was a misstep on my behalf. It was a hilarious beef in my opinion because you, you caught astray. Okay. What was that about? She, someone commented on her video like, you look like Tana. And she said, no thing. Wait, See it's crazy Because over time I'm like, oh I shouldn't have done that. But like, what the hell do you mean?

(36m 54s):
No thanks. Like that's the world's biggest insult. Yeah. Like that's insane. And just like asking for my hair people and like all of her dms to me like, yeah, no, I stand on that. Actually the more I think about it, It was really like it was, I mean, I Mean Needless say maybe we Shouldn't have been like Mean, but it's like that was a hilarious like what the fuck Outta nowhere kind of thing. Did she fire the first shot? Yes, She fired the first shot. Oh. And it's So funny too 'cause people always come at me for like going so hard, but in everything. Like just know every single thing I've ever done. I could have gone harder Alabama. I fear for your Judgment day. Yeah. Obvious. Needless to say, I am Team Bad Baby. I mean, Christine Delco was also just hilarious.

(37m 35s):
Can You give me like a Refresh on that? No, you have to Google that on your own time. None of that can come outta my own mouth. I know either. I'm feeling stupid over here because I'm like, Yeah, I'm not familiar. So I think We should take a beat and you guys Google it. I just actually can't repeat any of the things that were said. What is it? BRB personally Alabama and Bad Baby. Funniest Beef. I'm gonna go Christine Delco and Op. Honestly like that shit. No, but like, oh God, I'm gonna get in trouble for saying that I'm sticking with Tana in Alabama. It wasn't a option but I created it. That's a good one though. And I also, but also Rosanna Panino and Mr. Beef. Like I, Mr. Beef, get me off the my I'm, I love it.

(38m 16s):
Okay. I love beef. Me too. Love it. Our next category is Unlikely Couples. Our first nominee, Lana Del Rey and her alligator man, husband, second nominee Bella Hadid and her Cowboy. Oh shit. Hot. Our third nominee Ice Spice and Central Sea. Ooh. And our last nominee Sabrina and Barry. Aw. I don't know how unlikely Sabrina and Barry is because I feel like it's always a beautiful girl and like some guy who looks like really weird. Yeah. Like that makes sense to me. My brain, You know. But like I'm, my personal, like favorite couple honestly of the year is just Bella and Aiden because, is it Aiden or Adon?

(39m 1s):
I don't know. God so good. It doesn't fucking matter. But he is like the most fabulous cowboy ever. And now she is like cutting rookie of of the year and she's just so fabulous in her fucking stupid fucking little outfits. Yeah. I love It. I'm going Lana Delray in the Alligator Man for a fact. See I love that. But that doesn't surprise me. Yeah. It's not that unexpected. But Like, I ate it up like the wedding with the tractors unmoved like the, the drone shot pixelated. Like people dressing up as it for Halloween. Like I, and just like the story, like he was her alligator tour guide and she married him like that is it, it just so Love her. I love her so much. She knew they were at La La Land the other day.

(39m 41s):
What? The cafe? What She Where? Her and him? Yes. I know they were still Allegating. Yeah. I thought they Broke up. No, they're married. She happily married. She's so happy. Did you see them? No, I, I went in there the other day for like a, I don't even know for a latte. And the girl was like, yeah, Lana was just in here. And I go, did she live in LA? And she goes, yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God, I'm staking out there. I would love Third. I'm getting a job there. Adam Sandler. That's like who you are dying to see in person, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh my gosh, She's so fabulous. Have we ever seen her in person? Oh, we saw her I guess at Coachella. At Coachella? Yeah. Ugh. She's just not real. She hasn't Like I Remember when you Miss Harry Styles a Presence. I'll never forget.

(40m 20s):
Wait, What'd you say? Nothing. Oh, and she missed Harry styles. Yeah. I don't know why. I just Beef. No reason. No, just, just missed him. Just Make it just, yeah. I do miss him, honestly. Yeah. I'm giving my vote to Bella Hadid and her cowboy because you know what? I thought she was gonna go back to the weekend again. I thought like that was her thing. Thought she was gonna be like caught up on him. I love to see her doing the cutting stuff. She's riding Her horses. Its so cute. She's so happy. She lives in Texas now. And I love a famous bitch with like a, just a normie or Just like norm's crazy. A hobby. I love, Like I love, I love to see a a like really rich and famous person. Like do something. Yeah. Just Like, yeah. Like it's cool to see her in her likes something like love Or something.

(41m 2s):
Yeah. They're so cute. And again, gorgeous, stunning, hot girl. Average guy. And Like, I hate to ever go, go Off I that. I think he's a great looking guy. Well, I hate to ever go off looks, but like he just looks like he treats her right. She looks very happy. They look very cute. It doesn't feel like it's Like, holy fuck. She's stunning. She's so gorgeous. Oh, Jesus Christ. Have you guys seen Yolanda Hadid's like Architectural Digest in Texas? No. She's just, it's so funny because like we joke about like how we like conform to whoever we were dating. Yolanda, literally, I'm not kidding. She started dating a cowboy. She lives in Texas now. Her entire aesthetic is like studs. It's everything's cowboy ever.

(41m 42s):
It's the funniest thing. You have to watch it because it's like, And she so wasn't like that before. Like Malibu Beach? No. You were die. Do you remember like the reality TV show clips were like, Gigi would be Like, I haven't eaten in a week. And she'd be like, yeah, she'd like have an almond. She'd like have an almond. Yeah. Wait, I, it was her birthday and she wouldn't let her have cake. And they televised that. She's Like, you can smell the frosting. She's like, okay. Spit buckets is like Not funny. Spit bucket's crazy. That's just, oh God, two thousands. Reality television is Like, I know, I've been seeing all the new Scott Disit clips where he's like, yeah Courtney, you're too fat. And she's like, I'm a hundred pounds. And he's like, yeah, 93 or nothing. Oh, I Really let that slide Day.

(42m 23s):
Oh my god. Nineties. You know Scott Disk is the type two where like if he cooks you like you're going in the bathroom and crying. Like he like, it's like, oh yeah. Oh that's crazy. That's so wild. Our next category. Favorite Cancelled moment? Ooh, the nominees Rainbow tarp. Oh, there's only two. Oh, okay. Nevermind. Scratch that. What Was the second one? You wanna come on the, on the podcast Alyssa. Oh, Ooh. I loved that. What else? What else were like Some of those things like it just sucks 'cause it didn't age well. My favorite, I was thinking about this as I fell asleep last night, which is like tells you everything you need to know about me. Like I need a stronger sedative.

(43m 5s):
But like was the Matt Rife Osama Bin Laden moment? Like that is my favorite Moment. That did happen. That did happen. No, it didn't happen last year, I guess. Oh my God. It was so good though. I'm gonna go. You wanna come on the podcast Alyssa? Like it's funny too. 'cause whenever I hear that now, like it makes me think of tour. 'cause that was like, we use that in our tour intro and it was just like, so Yeah, viral TikTok sound, Actually sound actually said, you wanna come on the podcast And just directly into the camera. Like you didn't give a fuck. I was so passionate at that time. And it sucks because now I can't even imagine feeling passionate enough in this space to comfort somebody in that way. It is. It is just crazy. It is just crazy. We were too Close to it. Never. Never. It will never be recreated. It was, it was gold and it had really, But it was real.

(43m 47s):
Really it was just fucking one after another. I was like Alyssa, Zack, Clinton, Matt. Like it was a whole thing of, I just got too, honestly, I got carried away. And you know what? I apologize everybody. I'm welcoming that energy in 2025. I had a great time. I love You Want to come on the podcast, Alyssa? It was my favorite moment. She did. She asked to come on the podcast and then she was like, this is why nobody wants to come on your podcast. That is just like crazy. She honestly, I will say she posted a TikTok about us the other day, like two days ago. Well, she posted, I mean honestly, she just posted a photo of her, or a video of her crying and she was like, this was me a couple months ago when I was getting Cancelled. And then all the comments were like, Brooke got her karma. And honestly they hate me up. 'cause like Yeah, That's how you know, like you delivered a line though when people take it and put it in like as a TikTok audio with like an Azalea Bank song and Like all things can be true.

(44m 33s):
You know what I mean? Like, okay, Brooke got her karma, but also like, No. Well yeah, Wackiest endorsement diva. Like, you know, Like, I don't know. Yeah, I guess that's true. You know, I'm forever, forever passionate about my stance on that one. I stand by it. Although some people were com like in her comments like, but did you get to use his pool? Like, you know how you, That was, no, I stand on it. I had to see this on my web browser by the way. That's hilarious. Our next category is Best Updated Face, our nominees, Christina Aguilera. Lindsay Lohan and Donatella Versace Purple Heart.

(45m 14s):
Did she update again? Did she do another update? And it's good that you see really. It's good. Oh yeah. Wait, you know who we should have added is to me Moore, because Demi Moore looks amazing now and she looks like, she's like really aging gracefully. But do you remember when she had like a 30 seconds where she walked down the runway and she had that like crazy buckle fat removal? I thought that was a part of that runway. Like I thought that that was like, No, I just remember it being like, oh my gosh, she's, I remember that. So image. Exactly. I could paint that image right now, like with watercolor paints. But Like, I thought that like the designer was like, well I Don't know, prosthetic on her. It could have done that. Oh, I don't know. But never even seen it. It is very, very wild the concept of the substance and to act in that, but then also be actively getting procedures.

(45m 57s):
But I guess like she looks amazing and I'm so happy for her. Like her whole Golden Globe speech, everything. Like she deserves all of this so much and she does look amazing. Wait, What did you guys think about her and Kylie at The Golden Globe? I think it was a misunderstanding. Me too. Like I feel Like I, I'm hoping it is, you know, I'm a Kylie apologist. Good god. I know. Well I always just think Like, I don't know, I've had that happen to me where I'm like kind of trying to get someone, or like, do I insert myself in this conversation or do I not? And then I just, it's Also just so wild to me how the internet like overanalyzes the most like minute human interactions. Yeah. And makes it this huge thing like, oh, Demi must hate the Kardashians because this, this, and this happened in 2013.

(46m 39s):
It's like, oh my, maybe she had to pee. Right? Like Realistically maybe she was just like so overwhelmed and like beeline mindset and she like didn't even notice what was going on. Right. Yeah. I mean obviously you always hope in any situation like that, like if you're talking to a guy, you're gonna want to say hi to his girl and like whatever. Like I hope that it isn't this deeper like snub thing. You know, Lindsay Lohan, I just am so happy for her. Like Yeah. I thi as sad as it is that society does give someone a resurgence of attention and love when they look a certain way. Like I think that's so sad. But I've been wanting this for Lindsay Lohan for so long and she deserves it so much. I think the media just did so much shit to a girl who was clearly like broken and going through it and like dealt with the worst part of Hollywood.

(47m 25s):
So to just see everyone, like giving Lindsay Lohan the love and praise and attention that she fucking deserves and always has is Like, I love Lindsay Lohan Fucking fabulous. She looks fabulous. She's always looks fabulous, gorgeous. Like, what the fuck? And like, that's Lindsay fucking Lohan. Like good for her. You know what I mean? That's The Like I love that she, it's not so far like she looks like herself. I Said it before Chase Olstein from Minute Cha high school. But she looks amazing. Lethal. She looks gorge. She does Look so orange. I like when you laugh hard and your jaw moves. Oh no. Like, no, like in like it's like, ha, What the hell You gonna, you're somebody Will do that to me. You sometimes. I know. She means it truly so sweet. But then I'll never be able to do the thing again.

(48m 7s):
No, I laugh. No, I just, I always pay attention to it. 'cause it's like, it's almost like a like, Like animated or Bad? No. Yeah, it's like animated. It's just cute. What? Wait, why? That's sweet. Okay good. No, no. That is sweet. I was afraid I, we were gonna make that into a bad thing and it, oh honestly, I'm like roll the tapes. It was so cute. Ha ha. No. 'cause sometimes I hit like the ah, Like I like that one too. I like that one Too. I would do anything to just have a normal laugh. Like I've been hitting the like woo so much lately and it's like, girl, I Love it. I wheeze like that's my new thing. No You're, you did a big wheeze earlier that got me going. It's, and nothing makes me happier than a whe Like that is like my true laugh. Like if I'm really cackling, I'm not cackling. It's just, that's the one thing that can make me laugh so much harder is like someone else squeezing.

(48m 49s):
That's all I got. So What's your guys' vote Lindsay? Oh I vote for Lindsay. Yeah, she looks amazing. And I For and just whatever's about to happen to me. Seriously. Should we get into our favorites? Let's switch roles for a second. Oh Yeah, you host, host Hostess at the mostest. These people should have wrapped it up. Worst parent Ash Trevino. 17 diapers. Mom, Hannah Hyatt and Parker Ferris's mother. I don't know any of these people. That's why I skipped over the category. You guys have to remember like my TikTok for you Paige is people with like sock puppets doing covers of like brat. Like I'm not kidding. Like you would love Ash Trevino to be honest.

(49m 31s):
She's kind of camp like we hate her. Everyone hates her I guess. But is she funny? Is she like Hootie? She's Just like an inner, like she's a character. So like everything that she says and does is just so funny. Like her little dancing she'll like do hit a little and she's just so funny. Like she'll get an Airbnb and she'll be like, she was talking to this like 19-year-old guy and her daughter had a crush on him and it was like a whole thing. But okay, she wins for me, she wins. Worst parent, I'm gonna go 17 diapers. Mom, Hannah Hyatt, I mean just, oh Yeah. So She so quickly sparked notes originally became famous with a positive connotation. A trend went worldwide called 17 diapers where she expressed that like she had let 17 dirt dirty diapers like go to rot because of her postpartum depression.

(50m 13s):
So then other moms started sharing their 17 diapers moments where maybe they weren't Like just on top of it. Yes. Like immediately. Yes. Okay. 'cause of their mental health, Whatever. There's like things that they did because they were dealing with postpartum. But Then, right. Come to find out she is like actively going online saying like I'm not buying my kiddo winter coat this season while like she's raking in the creator fund and has a full head of highlights. What's the reasoning for no winter coat? Because It's $30. It's too expensive. And then she'll have like a lobster in her hand. We'll Like film herself doing MOOC bongs with the kids and like not get the kids food. Which is like insane. Yeah. Parker Ferris's mom. So is she, she's trying to come off like she can't afford these things. It's almost her just saying like, nah, I'm not gonna spend money on this thing.

(50m 55s):
That's wild. Yeah. And then Parker Ferris's mom that I feel like that would take me an hour to educate you on. But Aspen Oard going through her public divorce with Wow. I mean sock puppets you say. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not about, you know, It's pretty niche though. I will say. Yeah, yeah. No my For you page or that the mine. I Aspen Oard Brick By brick. You can't get that shit anywhere. No. The Aspen Oard one is pretty niche. I'm gonna go 17 diapers mom. Yeah, but that's also probably just, oh wait. Also what about the Australian mom? Who? The munch house's mom. There's a new one. What? Yeah, she wins. I mean all the munchers is just horrifying. Yeah. Fuck the Munchers. I Love the Munch. Okay. Anyway. I bet you do. Okay. People miss the mark and this, this happens to the best of us, but this category out of touch.

(51m 40s):
Ooh. We have Hailey Bo Bailey with the Let Them Eat Cake. Is that her real name? I would hope is Hailey. Hailey Bo Bailey. Oh No. Like not her legal name. Bo Bailey Being The government. That's some shit I Would do. I like Maureen Marini. I went to high school with a girl, Maureen Marini. Aw. Like your parents And Arne Arnison. Imagine my name was like Moji. Like That's insane. That's like Kofi Schofield Cam Cameron love it. No, but is that like her handle, like her real name Hailey? Yeah, Hailey Bo Bailey is her handle. Okay. It is her handle. I don't think it's her government, although that's up there. If it were with Lockin and poetry. That's really funny. But then we have the tart Hermes bracelet.

(52m 22s):
We had influencers up in arms because I think Ken Uric was one of them. I think it was funny but like Tart sent out Hermes bracelet pr to only certain of their influencers and then other influencers were upset that they didn't receive. They got Like the Loki bracelets. Exactly. Exactly. That's hilarious. We have, they got like silly bands. Sorry Don. We have people upset about the Walmart Birkin. That's just ridiculous. That's it. Let them have a fucking let them eat cake, me cake. Let let them have a Walmart Birkin And let them not you have Bracelets. I think It's like one of the most embarrassing things in like in the world to me is like caring what somebody else is caring.

(53m 6s):
Like caring that people have fake designer and stuff. 'cause it's like, like it's because you like you need so badly for everyone to know that you have it and it's real that nobody else should be able to have it Like it. It grosses me out And it's like if your whole thing is wanting to look wealthy, the truly wealthy do not care if someone else has a dupe. And I think that it's just so funny. It's like you're shooting yourself in the foot for whatever you want your image to be by being mad about other people having a work in. Right. Okay. It just like, like how on earth would that ever affect you in any way? I do think the, the Hermez bracelet thing was hilarious though. I met a girl in Vegas who's flipping work ins like she's going to the Walmarts and buying 'em for like 30 bucks and then selling them online for like 500.

(53m 48s):
'cause they're sold out everywhere. Crazy. And I honestly want one, I think Bethany Frankl got one. Ooh, no, I honestly also wanna work in, I let them eat cake. That one was like actually wild. I mean I don't Know if I remember quite what happened. That Was just such a a crazy time that while the rest of the world was in a very heavy state of activism and awareness and caring about what was going on in the world, all of the celebrities were at the Met Gala. And like the video of Zendaya and all the celebrities at the Met Gala was like going viral with like Hunger games. Oh yeah, yeah. And then let them eat Cake has a connotation of Marie Antoinette Got it. And then she used that sound, I don't even know if I wanna say this, but it's like tough dude.

(54m 37s):
Like you just get ready for the Met Gala. You're like ah, let me use this sound. And then like you are the epitome of this whole movement happening online. Like she probably just had no idea. But then she tried to come online and be Like, I would, no, I'm poor too. And it's like, oh girl. It's like, oh no, But she's the same one who po like did her like oh tour of my apartment. Right. And it was like her apartment was like $20,000 a month. No, Her apartment was like some Jeff Beso shit in New York City. And then she tried to come online and be Like, I don't have it like that. And it's like, yes, the doubling down was I think what almost made it like nail in the coffin Her, I saw her like the day before the TikTok band when everyone was doing like the, before I go, there's one thing I did tell you Trend. And she said when she posted that it was like the suggested sound and she didn't know anything about it.

(55m 21s):
You were dressed like Maria Antoinette. Right. That's what I was thinking. Like it's a little too specific. I don't know TikTok AI gets like really, really specific. My Suggested sound is like always about sewer slide. Really? Okay. No, but like mine, like if I, you know, I'm, if I'm with Malice it'll be like, like it's just a girl in her cat or something. It like, like it does pays attention to what's going on in the video. So do I Just look Hella suicidal? I'm not kidding All my girls. Or maybe they're like, Like no way. That's crazy. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Hermez bracelet. 'cause it's like take your creator fund out and go buy that. What was the Category? Talk Like out of touch.

(56m 1s):
Oh yeah, bracelet have fun with your silly bands. Yeah. You're still going to Tart Island. I don't know. They're all, they're all kind of crazy. I don't know. That's a hard one. Walmart Birkin also was just wild seeing people pissed about that. Okay. The next category is people who needed to lock their phone. This is, give me your password. We have wo Vicki faking her own kidnapping in Nigeria from the comfort of her own home. Not in Nigeria. I still want more details about that. We have Jack Doherty driving. Do you remember that one? He got in a car accident while driving on his phone live on stream and then like continued to stream it and like his friend was in the passenger seat and like actually got hurt like blood and was just like, no, no like for the stream.

(56m 48s):
And then like the streaming platform kicked him off and like, God I get a life Tana. No. I'm like this is your job. And Then we just have, I just wrote Jason Nash. It's like Jesus Christ Tana. Oh like Lock your phone, just stop live streaming, Gimme your password. You know, just gimme your password. Yeah. Well I'm sure people feel that way about us sometimes. Every second of every day someone feels that way about us. Like this is the most hypocritical shit. I'm gonna go Jack Doherty driving. 'cause that's actually putting people at risk and like just the live streams. Those were crazy. Yeah, That's just beyond Right. Our next category needs HR or HIPAA on the case. Have work on the place Workplace. We have workplace. No, no.

(57m 31s):
We have the Mr Beast games. There was a lot of flack. You know, people, they were feeding them like jail food, which is just crazy. Mr. Beast, you could literally Really aboard Caveat. Really? Like what do they eat on Survivor? It's not Survivor though. Oh. Like they're not, no one's surviving. Like you were in there like it was like, you know, catered Bossanova every Night. Yeah. Like that's, it's truly insane. And there were like the medics weren't taking a long time. Like people needed their medicine. Like the, if you actually get into all of it with the Mr. Beast games, it was definitely giving workplace. No, no. God it Has to be hard. Like I like how do you, even if you have over a thousand contestants, like obviously that's gonna happen. Like you should have like procedures in place call.

(58m 12s):
Oh, I thought you were gonna say, I thought you were saying obviously that's gonna happen like on some anacon shit. No, no, no, no. Santa was Like what? No, but just very much like, like how could you not know That would be a problem. Like you would have to like, Yeah like you can't like not give people their medicine. It's also like Call David Dorich. Get that. Yeah that's Ghost Kitchen Pizza over like, it's like how are people hungry at the Mr. Beast games? We have Matilda Deger, She takes the cake. She's so cr like, oh god, that was hilarious. It wasn't hilarious. Nothing was funny about it Lashing her employees in her fruit covered robe. Okay. And then we have Anna Delvy on Dancing With the Stars. I think the ankle monitor was camp. I think the interviews, obviously a lot of people were up in arms 'cause she was essentially like doing the press tour and just saying Like, I hate this shit.

(58m 57s):
I don't fuck with that because all I want in life is to be on fucking dancing with the Stars. Literally if it, if it's my dying wish, that's all I want. And so I hate the concept of someone going in and being like, well don't go. I don't care if I'm here. Yeah, That's hard. I just watched something. Oh my God. I mean I think I have to hand it to Mr. Beast. You really outdid yourself with that one. Yeah. Because I guess it's like you can't make Anna Delve like that shit. Yeah, obviously Matilda Deger is a no kidding. But like people shouldn't have gone unfed and UNM meed. Right. You know, Wait, I just saw someone get kicked off Survivor because he couldn't have his meds. They were like, sorry, like we can't give you your meds so you gotta go. That's crazy. That's, I mean Actually Like I just don't even understand this next category deserved a command.

(59m 40s):
Be command be delete. But our nominees exported without that. This category is, should have cut that. Oh no. Our entire take on chapel room. Yes. Delete that wins Every fecal matter story ever. No, I was gonna Stay Brooke saying she kissed Tommy Lee Still funny to me. Yeah. If I went back in time, I would like wanna leave that in almost knowing what was going to proceed. No, I, I definitely shouldn't have said that And I, yeah, no I definitely, I think that one gets eliminated. But I Was the Go Chapel Rone. Oh yeah, no Chapel. I think that it was just Like, I don't know, I think it was in poor taste with mental health.

(1h 0m 24s):
Like I think that it's Like, I think we just had a bad take. Yeah. But everyone also knows we love Chap Rum so We do love Chap Ro And I think it was just an uneducated take. Like now looking back And I completely understand why people were pissed. The fecal matter stories though are so real. It's Like I really hope in 2025 we just keep our shitting talk to a minimum. I can't help it. I, you know, I already shit myself in 2025 be shit. Yeah, the Tommy Lee thing shouldn't have said that at all. Sorry Brittany. The Tommy Lee gate was just so funny. Her calling me tna, the co-host, like them clearly just all of it. Like I Wouldn't change that. So Brittany was so nice about it, honestly. She was like great, her co-host is o over here Paige. She literally goes, well all that girl does is lie. She made up that entire relationship with Matt Rife.

(1h 1m 6s):
I saw the screenshots, he showed me everything. She made all that up. I'm like, oh. So First Of all say you wanted to suck Matt Rife say Wanna fuck him first of all, second of all, I, nothing was made up about this. I never said I like was in this ex exclusive like serious relationship with Matt Rife. In fact I said exactly the opposite. Yeah. A million times over. You said I got pissed off Me off so bad with that. That girl honestly Bri, Brittany Ferland get rid of her. Okay. Because you're so much better without her. I mean, but that also created Brittani for Lawn, which was one of my favorite bits that I kept going for the next six months. Huh. So I don't know. Yeah, I have no notes on that one. I wouldn't change it. Yeah. I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go Chapel Rone, I'm gonna go this batch. Yeah. We're sorry Chapel. We love you. Yeah, We love you so much. Chapel Rome from Murder to Mainstream.

(1h 1m 48s):
Oh, this next category is homicide to Stardom. That was honestly amazing. That was like Mickey Glazer style hosting. Thank you. We have the Menendez brothers, Luigi Mangione and Gypsy Rose Blanchard. What's the category? Just best murderers. Oh. Like, I don't know, I think call this murders. I think we just wanted to make this a category. It is really crazy that we're in a society where these people are committing these crazy crimes and then becoming famous. It's so wild. Like that was, that's never been a thing before. Especially until this year. I think Li G really? What about, what About like Ted Bundy? Ted Bundy, everyone loved Ted. True. I guess That's what and true. But like in your lifetime, like And who's the other one?

(1h 2m 31s):
The Los Angeles one. The really hot Jeffrey Dahmer? No. Oh, Zodiac killer. He's, yeah. Or he's like Hispanic. His, I think it was like the, oh night. The night Stalker. Night. Night stalk Pot. Yeah. What the fuck? I don't know. I mean how do, this is hard to vote on. I feel like Luigi was like really unexpected. But where is he now? Like what happened to all that momentum? Yeah, That's true. He's in jail. Yeah. But like everyone was kind of, No new photos have dropped. Right. Right. That is True. And like everyone was kind of doing this holy conspiracy with it and like gathering all his lore from his socials and thinking it was gonna be like this big thing. Like he was the fucking Ridler. I Started to rumor that he started a YouTube channel. Like someone told me that.

(1h 3m 11s):
I was like, wait, Is that not true? Apparently not. That is so funny Brooke. You had me like, and it's not like you just said he started a YouTube channel. Like you had multiple like videos in It. I said you posted videos. Yeah. Like, and then told me about the videos. Like that is so funny. I know. Yeah. That's why I can't be on TikTok anymore. It was a danger to society. That Should have been a category. Like misspoke facts. Like things That were so no that should a big category. Like things that I've just so confidently just completely butchered on this podcast. Like it happens every episode. I was gonna say where I'll so confidently tell you guys something that is just not true. We just that I read Somebo somewhere or Worse didn't Read Made Up somewhere. We would have like too many nominees.

(1h 3m 52s):
Yeah. I don't think we need to actually vote on that. I think we just wanted to write that. And now that I'm looking back, it's like okay, he wasn't wearing a collar. This next category is, that's not your man. We have Sophia Lacot No Collar. We have Lila Gibney with the Veil at the wedding. Mm. We have Trevino with a 19-year-old TikTok live streamer. That's not true man. Well this is tough. 'cause Paige doesn't know the the Ash Trevino lore. The live thing was pretty funny. Like it wasn't funny Was Crazy. That was just like the, yeah, like that week was so crazy. Like as we were just getting more intel on what happened.

(1h 4m 32s):
Like Well I think we should have made a category for like, like social awareness like, or lack thereof. Like Yeah. You know what I mean? Because that's just like a really like a, it's kind of like common decency or like Wedding etiquette. Yeah. Yeah. We Could have made a category for bad manners but Seal Court also was so entertaining And she just like took the world by storm and Like I know it was good 'cause it was on my for you page It that is funny. She made it through the socks. She was being so funny. Even this this past week. Like they kept using her little ginger sound on TikTok. Yep. Like on the tart trip. And then she like did all these videos using Charlotte Tilbury and like saying her tart products like, smelled like they were tested on puppies. I don't agree. I love tart.

(1h 5m 13s):
But Do, do they test on animals? I Don't know. I think that was the joke. No, tart is vegan and cruelty-free actually. Oh. 'cause I gave a bunch to Mia for Christmas and she only likes, honestly, or I thought it was, I Have to. No, I think it is. I think you're Right. I have to give it to Sophia Lour. If anything you are consistent. You are just driving home with the bit. And I respect it at this point. There is Something's funny, there is something respectable in my, especially to me where like somebody can know how people feel about you and not care. Oh she's like, everyone calls you a mean girl. Everyone like says she's evil, whatever. And she just leans into it could never be me. I'm Like, I Have to make lemons out of lemonade. Because imagine she got online truly in that situation where truly in my opinion, the most wrong person there was the man.

(1h 5m 54s):
Right, right. And had she cowered and apologized, she would've gotten a thousand times more hate and had just a very short-lived kind of sad moment. It probably would've negatively affected her for years. And like she has made a very profitable career By leaning into being the villain. Yes. And like in reality, she isn't really the villain. Right. Like it's one thing if someone's leaning into the villain when they did something like super fucking wrong, but just kind of leaning into it. And I think in order to make a lot of the jokes she makes you have to be smart. Oh Yeah. She, yeah, she's funny. She's Witty as fuck. And honestly I'm starting to see her comment section swing. Mm. And now people are like, we love you, you're so funny, da da. And it just doesn't have to be pitting two women's. Like that's not pitting to Hello. That's nothing against To women's.

(1h 6m 36s):
Sorry. Make podcast equipment more expensive. Like nothing against the blonde girl. I just also like Sophia LA Court Halle. Nothing against Halle, Right? I know. Well we called her Hailey now we're calling her the blonde girl. I'm just trying to send No, yeah, it's Giving Brittani for blonde like Tana. Oh my God. The next category falls on two people and two people only. We've got a Scofield and a mojo. Fuck things our parents did. We have Brooke's mom telling Reddit that she's involved in Diddy Sex trafficking scheme. Yeah, We have that. We have Tana's mom showing up to her poker tournament uninvited. I feel Like those are Great nominees. Fun. Fun. Could have had a couple in there. Like that time she commented on my photo and said that I looked sickly and disgusting.

(1h 7m 21s):
Yeah, that was crazy. That was. But honestly going on Reddit to tell people that you're a part of the Diddy shit. Oh is fucking, It was saying I could find the screenshot. She says that I believe my daughter sold her soul. And her reasoning was because she saw a video that Bebe And I posted a night after we went out. Okay. And we had ordered Taco Bell to the party and then we said actually we can't wait for this. We're gonna order Taco Bell to the house instead. And she said, my daughter was so uncomfortable at that party that she had to order Taco Bell twice because she just needed to get out of there because obviously it was a sex trafficking scheme. And she, and you know it was a Princess Pauly event. Right.

(1h 8m 1s):
It Was like, it was literally like a random after party. Like I don't even know what it was, but it's just like, like reading it. I was like, honestly like she was so convincing. I was like, you're Like, wait, was I, Am I, was I at the Diddy parties Taking your all white outfit off Walking home through the tunnels? Like No. But it was just like, it was so elaborate. I'm like whoa. And she'll, she'll text me still to this day and she'll be Like, I don't know why you're mad at me. I'm like, well Whilst My poker tournament moment was quite traumatic and interesting, I'm gonna have to give this one to Fawn. Yeah. She really like, that is wild. I Love her though. She Did a big one. These People were giving 10 car pile up on the 4 0 5. We have best public crash out. Mm.

(1h 8m 41s):
Okay. Offset and Cardi BI should say offset crashing out over Cardi b Austin McBroom. And we have Zach Bryan crashing out on stage. Ah. Oh. Oh yeah. Piss me off. He scared me like through the Screen. 100%. Same if I was front row, he would've actually yed me to the nosebleeds. Like I felt his yell through the phone. I Like, I got blown back. I'm not even actually kidding. Like I would've moved to the nosebleeds. Like there was like a gust of wind on my finger under the speaker. And It's crazy because that one really was so jarring. Yeah. That like it makes Austin McBroom and offsetting Cardi be like dull in comparison. At least we can like, you know, we can chalk Austin up to like making money.

(1h 9m 25s):
Like he made so much money off of his crash out showed, he showed his views on Snapchat. He was getting hundreds of millions of views that entire time and he was obviously living in this house. He's Like, I didn't live in my fucking rv. Like Honestly maybe Hot Take. I thought it was funny as fuck any of the things I was seeing on TikTok. He was funny. Yeah, that's true. When he had like the strippers in the RV and like all of that. It was, And I guess it does take some level of intelligence to troll that hard. I don't Know. Yeah, just like take it there and commit to it. Harry Dsy has like always has always tried to get me in. Like obviously we like clout farmed for so long together and like did all the just like whatever and like, you know, has tried to get me into some schemes and he really almost had me in that RV with Austin McBroom.

(1h 10m 8s):
Like I was like, Like I had the address I was going the next day. I decided in the last minute. I didn't need any part of that. But I Like, I came very close, Really happy You didn't go that Was Harry J's just so convincing. He's like, this would be good fasts. And it's Like I Don't need to be in Austin. Mc broom's rv. Like for who? For Who? Well I guess the a hundred million views on Snap, like a little snap crossover probably would've put a lot of money in my bank account. But he was right. I've just talked too much shit about Austin McBroom. I think that it was, that would give no backbone. Yeah. It's the year of consistency. Yeah. Offset. Cardi B was amazing throughout all that offset stuff. I will say like her lives and her just being so, I love when a really mainstream celebrity is so down to just like spit facts and air out all the T and doesn't give a fuck.

(1h 10m 50s):
And like she's The best. She was ready to protect her piece And I just love Cardi B manifesting Cardi B on Cancelled. Oh my. I would love that. Oh she would be so, oh she'd be a riot. My new thing is saying things that will never happen. Don't be su too sure. Let's say manifestation is important. Okay. But I'm gonna go Zach Bryant. Like that one really did That one spooked me. Yeah. Good. Like that one almost made me relapse. I would do anything to be a fly on a on the wall in like his camp though right now, just Like, I wanna hear what they're saying, what their plans are like what does his publicist think of all of this? Like I feel like he's just gonna put out an album that will probably be good and like his, his fans don't give a fuck. Like, you know, I get that.

(1h 11m 30s):
So I think he'll keep arena ing and you know, whatever and scaring the masses. Speaking of arena ing, on a smaller scale, we have our craziest tour moments. Okay. Ooh, that's, We have the Washington DC show where Brooke famously brought out seven of Matt Rife's, other girlfriends along her timeline and other timelines. We have the stage Stormer in New Jersey, New York, New Jersey, New Jersey. New New Orleans. And the Peppa Air tag. New Orleans. It was not New Orleans. You say I hate New Orleans. I do hate New Orleans. But it wasn't, it wasn't for that. Not for that reason. That was Like, I don't know, what did I say it? You said, you say hate New Orleans.

(1h 12m 12s):
I, I think one day I am gonna rewrite my New Orleans experience again. I've just been roofing too many times. There I, I write it off. Those were all very crazy moments. They really weren't. And it's like, it made for great content And I think it's very on brand for us. And you know, I'm gonna go stage Stormer. Yeah. Still just like terrifying. I Was truly so not okay. And obviously when you're like touring and doing that, you have to just like, yeah, lock in and make it look like you're okay. But I was Like, I needed a 51 50 hold after that. Like I went backstage And I was like on the ground in a ball and like had to come back out. Like that was just, oh yeah. And then finding out too that, you know, that she wasn't just an excited fan.

(1h 12m 55s):
That there was maybe some screws loose and intentions were muddied there. I think it was just very scary. That's how we ended up meeting Lincoln and Ray though our bodyguards too. Oh yeah. I was gonna say were the best. We upped the security after that one. Yeah, we, we definitely, I wanted some secret service level shit to continue, which is just crazy. Like, it's like Tana get a Gabapentin. But, but the DC show was also just like iconic, such an iconic moment in time. It was just a satisfying feeling 'cause it was just like made something like positive and funny out of it and it was like, and All the girls were so hot and so nice and so fun and like It was just funny. And I'm still friends with all those girls. We talk all the time and All the, all the fans too love like just in their shirts and all the fans like wearing the like Matt Rife shirts And I Just love the and opportunity to like be petty And I feel Like I was like maximum petty and then now I'd never have to be petty again.

(1h 13m 44s):
Yeah, it was fantastic. Was amazing. It Was your best work. Thank You. Congrats. Yeah, I don't, So I would argue it was like a little overboard perhaps too far. I know Bri Britani Forand, her co-host would for sure say that was too far. But that's like what tour is and I'm so excited to tour again this year. Even just like the crazy, the Jack Wright, the Cody co stuff that was set on stage. Like it, there were a lot of crazy moments that came out of tour, but I'm excited to just do it again. To be insane on stage again and see what comes from it. You know, me too. I don't have TikTok. Yeah, it's so true. It's even just that. It's Like I was so in my own head like why did I say that Cody co thing and it's like, it was true. And like you were having, you know, the live shows do feel like big slumber parties where you're sharing all your secrets, you know?

(1h 14m 29s):
Absolutely. Ear, ear. Am I, Oh sorry. Need To know where this is Going. Star cleans glasses star. Am I seeing this right? The next category is pop culture funnies. We have Donald Trump with eating the dogs. They're Eating the dogs. We have cats are So great. Double tap. That was insane. I, I can't disagree. We have, we have people thinking Beyonce. We have the Thank you Beyonce movement. And lastly my favorite, we have Mike Tyson's bare ass live on Netflix. That one takes the cake for me. That was hilarious. Takes the cake. No pun intended. So funny. But all of the tiktoks that we got out of, they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats And the, the the like The choke hold that it had.

(1h 15m 15s):
I like the remix. That's what I was trying, I couldn't think of the word remix to save my fucking life just now. But like the song remixes of that were so funny. Like, and like The pet reactions to the sound. Oh, Oh my God. It Was a cultural reset. I remember one day I spent the entire day trying to get Winnie the dog to do something funny to that sound and Like I couldn't get her to do it and like went to bed like hard day's work. Like it's like girl what The fuck? Well we tried, Maybe you'll get 'em next time. Girls. We have the Cancelled podcast. Biggest losses Morphy campaign. Oh boys lie collab. Oh, Chelsea Handler. What happened with Chelsea Handler? I just said nothing like a fucking Yess bitch. I thought you were like gonna like drop some tea.

(1h 15m 55s):
Like she was gonna come on the pod and like you lost it. That Probably happened. That happening. Yeah, like that's hard dude. I mean I'm gonna Go with the Morphie. I'm gonna go with Morphy just 'cause I've said it a million times. Like I for some reason like try being an influencer for a day that was like weirdly the hardest day of my life. Like I just have no idea why and it's just I realized I'm not cut out for the makeup world and then finishing it and then having these beautiful photos and also just, I understand why they did not go through with the campaign, with the timing and the climate and everything. I think they could have cut me out No matter what. So many makeup talks were sold. Yeah. And like Billboard in Times Square.

(1h 16m 38s):
That one just it. I'm done. Sorry. I know this one to be honest, it like actually makes me sick 'cause it's like it's one thing for me to lose things like for myself but it felt really like shitty to lose it for you. No, but I think if anything maybe something crazy will end up coming out of this. Like maybe we will end up working with someone even crazier. If anything it's Like I wanna make my own dream lip shade now because it's like the amount of promo towards someone else's product. It's like business 1 0 1 Tana like Yeah, do it for yourself. Like, you know what I mean? Like KSI, they would never do that. You know what I what I mean like they're not gonna promote Gatorade. They're gonna make their own coconut water beverage. Like I need, you know, it's like business 1 0 1. I should have been had made my own lip liner Pretty big loss.

(1h 17m 20s):
Yeah. I lost Bri lie. But it still exists somewhere And we still rep Morphy makeup talk. I'm, I'm wearing it right now. Can't Help it. Well The rest of the categories now are positive ones. Yay. And I think that we do need to just end this episode on a kind note And I think we should just rapid fire these. Absolutely. Because a lot these do not have Context. Yeah. Or like full categories. And I think we'll all obviously have different things to say. I Agree. These are just our favorites, you know. Yay. We loving this Last year we did this one and looking back it was such a diabolical choice And I remember I like caught some flack. Like I remember, I don't remember who was pissed but someone was pissed at me. We literally did favorite friend and then picked our favorite friend of the friend group and he was like, Ha, No questions crazy.

(1h 18m 7s):
Like I think I said Ty and just like left everyone else in the jut it was like You did. And it's like that was probably just, I Was sitting there like this. Yeah like and it's like that was probably just like who I was really vibing with that week. Like I love all of my friends. No, I Don't care. Who got mad at you. You should have done better. You should have tried harder. It's a year long audition and you failed. I'm gonna go Paige. Aw it's I going Bebe. I think it's, you should go Bebe. I think this was also just one of those years where Like I really leaned on Paige. You really leaned on Bebe. Those are our people and that's Too, I love her. You and Ty. Ty. You're the only people that I have hung up on my wall To a tie with Ty to get a tie lying with your token game. I'm, she's so lying. Actually you're so right. I mean, you know what?

(1h 18m 47s):
I have can't Even get it out. I can't. You're literally glitching. But I have our picture on my wall. It's you and Ty and you guys made the cut. I Had a great year with you. And I think just like, you know, threw all the strife. You always have that one person you lean on and yours is Bebe and mine is Paige Jean and it's really sweet. And the four of us Together. I too like Paige by the way. And I also just On tour like the four of us all together, like after certain shows and stuff and like Green, who course Bebe. Like I'm saying the four of us all together like in green rooms. I know she came one time and she was like hysterically crying. No, she came more than that. She came to a few shows. Yeah, That's True. We had some great moments. She's Gonna be my ride along this thing. Oh I'm so excited. Emotional support.

(1h 19m 27s):
We had Best Animal with Miss Peaches, pesto, the Penguin and Ang. But it's just like cut the cameras dead ass. Yeah. We got creative. Yeah. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna say Ang Ang eight though. We have favorite YouTuber of the year. Ooh. Who was your guys' favorite? YouTuber? Ooh, Tana Mongeau. Aw. Oh Sweet. No, I'm actually serious. I I really like got into your like, I mean I've obviously seen a lot of your old videos but I was like, I'm on like Tana Mongeau like old clip talk. Oh god. And I always see Your repost. I love, I repost everything. I see It's my favorite. So you're my favorite OG YouTuber. Aw that was my one. And only probably like, actually the only YouTuber I actively watch is Brittany Broski.

(1h 20m 8s):
Real for that. She's so good. Make those Reparations Queen. You hear that? I'm not even doing like I'm just so serious. I am obsessed with her Broski nation. Oh my God. Love you. Right here at the second annual Cancelled podcast awards. You heard it here first. Okay. We have favorite talker of the year. Oh, I have a deep cut. I have a deep cut. Hold on. What Is it? Who is it? My talker of the year is T Swift fan four 20. Her name is Molly and she is the funniest bitch on the planet. What Is Oh I know who you're talking about. Actually she Kills me. She is the funniest. I'm Choling every time I watch Hertling. ISS crazy. What's Twirling? Like a type of laugh.

(1h 20m 48s):
Like Twirling. Oh like Tling. She's not explaining it so funny. Like Twirling. What's Tling? She tling. She hosted Bach Fest in New York. What Is Bach Fest like? People bing like a chicken. No. Who's no I'd go. You Guys didn't see Bach Fest. Oh my God, she, do you know who I'm talking about? Bach from Wicked? Yes. Okay, so this girl conducted an entire lookalike contest for Bach from Wicked. One second. Who's Bach? And she, have you not seen Wicked? No. We should watch Wicked Tonight. Brooke. Wait, Ariana's Grande Sky. Yes. Yeah, so it's like a lookalike.

(1h 21m 29s):
So she had an Ethan Slater lookalike contest. Exactly. But it was for Bach because Have you guys seen like the trend or like Wow. Exactly. What does Bach have you guys look like? Oh, Heard everyone like making fun of the song like we deserve each other. Me and Bach? No. Wait, who's this? This looks like Matt Rife, doesn't it? Oh yeah, this is Bach. Well actually I don't think so. Or is that a, is that a Bach? Looklike. BOQ. But who is, Who's this Siba? I don't know. Different Bach. This is Bach From Wicked. Oh well maybe like the actual musical, but you have to like look up like Bach. Wicked Ethan Slater. Oh that's SpongeBob. But she conducted an entire meetup, an entire lookalike and it went viral.

(1h 22m 11s):
Oh, that's amazing. And she Is just so fucking funny. Every video she posts, I'm just locked in. She is so entertaining. Hilarious. I have To follow. You have to. I Don't have TikTok anymore. I think I was confusing her with someone else. Like does she kind of make skits? She'll do like impersonation sometimes. Oh yes. I'm thinking of that person. Yes, yes, yes. Slay. She has everything. She's really funny. Oh, I'm obsessed. How about you? A rookie? She wrote about you for her college. Her college essay or something. What she had to do like a final paper. And I told her, I said send it to me when you're done. Oh I know. She read me film. She's my favorite mutual. Oh I love the best way though. In the best way. And I would love to read that. Literally live on Cancelled. That's her. Oh my God. My diva. My favorite TikTok year and year again is Tasia Alexis.

(1h 22m 52s):
I love her. I love her kids. I love the Grina Bina. I just, I love her and her Laura and those that know. And her story's crazy. She was like on Vine and like, what did she say on Vine? That's like super popular. I don't know. I should know. I don't have, I shouldn't be asking other people A fan. No Big fan. And then she ended up going to prison, turning her whole life around and like prison for Why Drugs? I think meth. Oh, Okay. I Would love to have her on and unpack her Lauren. And now she just has like, she gave her life to God and has the cutest little kids, which she's hilarious. And I love her. Oh, I wish I, I was passionate about something. Favorite musician of the year? Lola Young. I love Lola Young.

(1h 23m 33s):
Lola Young. I saw her, she's friends with Bebe and we saw her at oga and that was before Messi came out. And we were like, oh my God, she's so fucking amazing. And she just like, for speaking voice. I'm like, oh my God, I'm obsessed with her. And she was just fun. She ran around with us and then Messi came out and I'm Like, I do. I like loved her way before the hype. What is it about me as like my favorite song absolutely ever of Hers. And Like I just, I love seeing her come up. I love her look, I love her voice. She is like Everything about her. She was supposed to be here or day before yesterday, but we Should have her on Cancelled. I feel like she's a lot of Lower. Oh she would. I feel like she's almost like too gentle for Cancelled. It's like, Yeah, she, she like a sweetie but then she cut that Voice. She seems like a bad bitch. Like She so, oh my god, I love her. Yeah. Love her.

(1h 24m 13s):
Wait, Love. I'm going Noah Kahn. I love Noah Kahn. Yeah, I was actually the other day thinking about like good things that came from TikTok And I feel like TikTok really put me on to Noah Kahan and Like I just, I love him so much. I always will. I was thinking about too, just like the folk music of it all. Like after watching Bob Dylan, I was just like, wow, I do love a folk artist. Yeah. Gimme that banjo. Gimme that harmonica Cool. Me too. I have a good one for you. I think I've played him for you before, but Jonah Kagan. That's my guy Right now. So good. Well I love him. Him. I'm trying to get him to date Bebe Mine. I have to give to Faye Webster love her so fucking much. Obsessed. Have you ever put me on Yeah, I was playing her on the way here. Oh Great. Yeah, so I'm just not mentally present at all. I already knew That. That's okay. Oh I'll, I'll tell you like next time I play when I'm gonna be like, this is Faye.

(1h 24m 55s):
Oh my God. I'm excited. I love her. Except for, I think she's gay and she doesn't know it but it's fine. Oh Wow. Happens To a lot of us. Do you just want her like this? Do you Lowkey just, yeah, you wanna talk Saying That I'm like just, I'm just part-time guy these days. Favorite movie? Oh Wicked. Favorite movie. I'm gonna go to the Substance. Wicked Great. Wicked. I still haven't seen it. I'm going to see it. I promise. People are starting to think. I'm like actively choosing not to see it. And that's not it. Just committing me to three hours for like most things is hard. You are going to have to take a Vyvanse. No, 100%. 100%. I Have had no time to watch movies because I'm watching the Challenge. The Challenge is my favorite movie. That's fair. That's fair.

(1h 25m 35s):
That's your media that you've been consuming. Oh, Oh my God. Please let me on the challenge brother. I'm gonna Go go to Substance for sure though. I just think like the whole, it started a conversation. Yeah, I think Demi Moore did amazing. I've never seen something so unsettling. Like I remember every single scene. And that's a lot for me as well with my like vacant brain And Margaret Quality. Oh She's just, oh My god. God, I'm so good for her. Speaking of just Les Out. I am, she's like My favorite type of like girl where she's just like so natural and like just big to oh my god, I love her. Gorgeous. She's actually everything. Why don't we end this one with one close to home. Okay. Favorite podcast of the year. Ooh. Mine is gonna be true for the like probably until the end of time this past weekend.

(1h 26m 15s):
Theo Bond. Great too. Pick Me too. For sure. No question. I love Theo and Theo, I love you. He fell out of his chair yesterday. It was hilarious. That is so crazy. That just would happen to Theo V Do you think It was a purpose? I just assume like when that some like something like that were to happen, it would be on purpose. Like it's too goofy. It's like slipping on a banana peel. It's too goofy. Like I know all four legs went like this. Like Arian on that horse. Yes. Yes. What about you? Broski Nation? Duh. Broski Nation. Duh. I love her. But But also Emergency Intercom. I still, I need to get into that. 'cause why am I look impulsive and theon every year. It's like, oh my God. The two, is that the two in the chairs and like the ceiling fella?

(1h 26m 58s):
Yes. Really funny. Yes. Niche ass humor. So fucking funny. Obsessed with them. I Love that. Really? I'm sorry. That is Taste. That is absolutely taste. I also love Basement Yard. Basement Yard is great. Best clips ever. I'm trying to think. I love the, I've had it girls. I never watched their podcast. I love the Clips. I shade full, but the clips are so good. You would love it if you haven't seen them. It's like these two, like it's basically like me and Tana middle aged and, And they've just had it with everything and it's Just every, like the whole theme of their podcast is like I've had it with and then they'll be like, moms who do this. No, you would actually love So they're Just hate poor. Yes. Like love, love it, love it. And like goals. Like, you know, they just don't give a fuck about the internet and what people think. So they've just fucking had it and it's so it's, it's amazing tuning in Tonight. They're so Funny.

(1h 27m 38s):
I'm trying to think of any other podcast that really I wanna have them on. That would be just like a fun, Like I would love to, I DM them. I don't think they've responded. They've probably had it with us. They've had it with us. Well Fuck. I mean this is the second annual Cancelled podcast awards. We are at two hours, but it's been great. Next Year Nikki Glaser is hosting And Paige is, oh, oh I forgot. Favorite comedian Nikki. Fucking Glaser. It was all women for me this year. Whitney Cummings, Chelsea Handler, Nikki Glaser. And just the women in the comedy space are amazing and truly like my idols. Yeah. I'm obsessed with seeing Nikki get her flowers because I don't know, Like I've followed her for so long And I feel like every single time I were to open up the conver like comment section on anything that she did a podcast clip of like anything stand up, whatever.

(1h 28m 19s):
The comments were so negative and like really horrible. It always is that way with like female comedians. It's always like a bunch of men being like women. Men shouldn't joke. Yeah. But she, I feel like just now people are starting to be like, like they recognize like how actually amazing and funny she is. And I'm loving watching it happen. She deserves it all. She, I like just the Golden Globes. Like it's like that was the best award show hosting. She's phenomenal. She's always been an amazing I've roaster, but like that, that gig Nearly impossible. Yeah. Truly. Yep. Truly impossible. Like and just everyone gets cooked and we've just been seeing all these out of touch Men host things. It is so nice to see her just like hit the nail on the head. And like you've said, like get her flowers. Like she's everything. She's always been everything. The Jokes were perfect.

(1h 28m 59s):
Like without being offensive And without getting someone slapped on stage. Still fucked up. Like I love in the best way though. Yes. I love fucked up joke. Always in the most like finger on the pulse way. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? She is actually my dream guest on my podcast. I love her. Get me off this mic. I have to go to the bathroom. Sorry. We're never gonna not talk about me shitting, but Right. I love you guys so much and Thank you. Thank you for tuning, for coming back, tuning And I love you guys so much. Tuning. I love you. We love you. Favorite co-host. Oh, love you guys.