
Big news Wayfair's President's Day clearance is on now. And these are big deals like Wayfair's Best Deals since Black Friday. Right now through February 18th, you can score up to 70% off everything home at Wayfair. And we mean everything. Save big on quality furniture for every room in the house, like living room, kitchen, and dining and bedroom. Trust us. This is the sale to score amazing end of season savings at Wayfair on the fines your home actually needs. And the cherry on top. With Wayfair's fast and easy shipping, everything home comes to your home. Whether it's a sofa or a spatula, we'll ship it fast, straight to your door with free delivery on orders over $35 now.


That's why we at Wayfair call bringing it on home. So don't wait. Shop Wayfair's Presidents Day clearance right now through February 18th to save up to 70% off Wayfair's best deals since Black Friday. Save now@wayfair.com. Wayfair, every style, every home. Save up to 70% during the Sleep Better Tonight. Sale at Mattress Warehouse. Yes, we're a warehouse. A warehouse full of the best mattress brands at unbeatable prices all in stock and available for next day delivery with savings. Up to 70% and 0% interest financing. Come in today and sleep better tonight, knowing you got the best possible price. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or a mattress warehouse?


Visit mattress warehouse.com. Hello And welcome back To The Cancelled Podcast. Podcast. Wow. I Love when you I can't stop with the, Ooh, It's so you. Hello? Okay, can I say something? Sure. So, I think this studio is haunted. You were saying that, but I think it's possible you just having anxiety And that's actually probably exactly what it is. But last time I came here, I was having a panic attack during the Cancelled Awards. I unpacked it on the Patreon afterwards, but I was like really losing my mind. I had to, you know, medicate and like come back for no reason. And just whenever I walk in this building, I feel like the Long Island medium, I feel like.


Okay, I don't wanna be a skeptic, but could it have been a caffeine overdose That you, that day, maybe You had a big gulp this high in hand, but That's, that's my sodi. That's that Sodi has caffeine in it. Yes. Does it have a lot of caffeine? I don't Know. I you know what, I'm gonna go back on that because I don't believe soda has caffeine because like, I'm gonna have my soda at 1:00 AM if I want. Remember that was a thing like your parents wouldn't let, well honestly, your parents probably just wouldn't let you in general. They just wouldn't Buy it. That was like a thing. Like parents would be like no soda before bed, but, Oh, but 'cause kids and like sugar though. I don't know what, oh, the caffeine. There's probably is caffeine in soda. It's probably meant A lot. Do you think sugar, like a sugar high is real? Yeah, I do.


I don't, I don't believe in it. Well, so I also, I have had no caffeine today. That's why I'm a little low energy. I think a little calmer. That's a lie. I had a Yoruba but no coffee. Yoruba has more caffeine than like three Celsius. Remember that one time? I, I Like I just be saying shit. Oh, Yoruba like took me to Mars one time. Really? I had no idea. It's 'cause you can, it like is so it's not like carbonated so you can drink it so quickly and it's like, it's like a, like a lemonade, like a pan, A charged lemonade. No way. Like no it's not. I just made that up because in my Head today I was like thinking I was having like a green tea. No, it has less, it technically does have less than Celsius. 'cause I looked into it, I was like, this is literally crack. But I think it's 'cause you can literally drink it like so Fast. If you're comparing it to the charged lemonade though.


Wow. I might get really addicted to them for a second. There I was like charged lemonade's number one customer. It was Like I was doing like, was Like a bump. You were having fun. But I did exactly what I like did that time. We tried it for the first time today I drank a Celsius, like after already having drank a coffee And I had to hang my head out the window. I had Uber everywhere all day today. Why'd you have to Uber? Because my garage is broken. Oh, sleigh. I love the head out the window moment. But so I shot up Manjaro, right? And, okay, this is sincerely and obviously every single time I've ever talked about this, I've prefaced it with that. I use these Hollywood concierge services. No, I don't think there's even a shortage anymore. I don't think Like, I don't think you have to even explain yourself.


Okay. Because I've said it a million times like this, these vials are never going to, you know, like Their Yeah, anybody wear, they're Going Nick vile. You know, That was good Stray though. It's just leave Nick Vile alone. And this is the biggest public service announcement to the whole wide world to never, ever, ever do it. I have been dying This week, like dying, like crawling on the floor enough like Zofran for breakfast every single day. So fucking nauseous, gripping the walls. Like, I don't wanna get into the, the bowels. But they are not regular. They are not regular. They're not. Okay. Are too regular. And like there it, Like I slept for like, And I like to sleep for 12 hours now and again, but not more than two days in a row Like I really have been.


Can we fact Check that Erin? I promise. And I just, And I think I have osteoporosis now because of it. Like, I'm serious. It's like, what Are your symptoms? My knee keeps locking in and out of place And I have new cracks. I Cracks. That's a joint, But that affects your Osteoporosis is your holes in your bones. But we know, I, I spread misinformation all day long, so I could have made that up. I don't Know what's going on. I just know that I should not have done that. And Like, I I, it's just like anything that's a quick fix, like obviously anything that's a quick fix, it works Like, well are you feeling tiny? I lost like six pounds in two days and like was just really enjoying eating my proteins and stuff.


But I'm also, I am done with it. I don't think I'll ever do it again because it's like the way I've felt all week has truly been Like I had two days off. Luckily like had I had work or had to do anything during those days, I would've had to quite literally cancel. I don't know, it's just, it's like vaping. I say that as I'm about to hit a vape, but obviously doing anything where you don't know the side effects of 10 years of it is horrifying and Slay. It is holes in the bones slay nursing major And I'm trying to become a gym girly. I've been working out and I've been doing, I just wanna build healthier habits. I think now that we've got the alcohol and the relationships unhealthy, I think that my next thing, because we were, we had a meeting, you and me in Beverly Hills last week, and I'm on my way to this meeting And I had to stop two times and I'm talking, I'm sitting at the wheel of like, I'm sitting with Paige at the wheel and I'm like, pull over now.


Pull over now. Like I'm going to explode. Like that's embarrassing. And then it's like, it happens again. And then I'm late to the meeting. And then the meeting I kept leaving to have to go do it again. And Greg Gutey looks me dead in the eyes and he says, Tana, what Did you Eat last night? And I have to look this grown man, my colleague in the eyes And see Burger King. Burger King, okay. No, but I was getting all the sides, all the poppers, all the cheese, all the whiz, all the m msg poppers, jalapeno poppers. Like they have churro fries. Why are you having churro fries and regular fries? This, I have to stop doing that. And it really is. It's Like I know all the like Liv Schmidt girlies and the fucking, oh, she's terrify crazies and stuff.


I'm not trying to say that, but I do just see sometimes it's like I'm not a dog, I'm not a beagle mix. Like stop rewarding yourself with pizza. Like that's, I just need to change my relationships And I should be eating for nourishment. I'm just, It's like I'm over it. It's the grownup realization that Like I never wanted to have, but like, oh no, like taking care of your body, like actually does have benefits And it really matters. And God, like it sucks to start, but once you're in it, it's like, oh my God, I feel I literally could run a marathon And the last thing I wanna be is 40. And looking back at like 26 and it's like you're shooting up manjaro and snorting Burger King zesty sauce and like it's the healthiest time of your life. Like you should appreciate it.


I think I needed a will to live to feel this way. So now that I got that on under my belt, you know, I don't know though. Yeah, it's just, it's been a rough week and it's Like I you literally watched the substance Hannah, like what are you Doing? Well, listen, all, all that really matters is you're in the healthy mindset. So eliminate manjaro and keep it pushing and you'll absolutely, and you'll be amazing. I'm so proud of you. Yeah, It's just, it's, it's not the vibes. It's really not. And it's Like I, I felt so amazing too. And then I shot it up and then I've been like crawling on the ground like Demi Moore actually like having to feed a limp version of me feed Alex Earl in the closet. It's actually funny you say that because did you see that I got the substance finger This week? Yeah. What happened? I don't know.


I literally was driving And I don't know what I did. I was doing a little, a little dancing And I literally looked like this and my whole finger was purple. No, I think I injected enough that maybe you were catching it in the air around me. Like I thought I was Jared from Subway. I was gonna have the pants. Like it's like I'm done dude. I'm fucking done. Should we talk about the Grammys? Yes, absolutely. We should talk about the Grammys. It was so exci. I actually didn't watch the Grammys I'll, I watched like half of it and then I decided to Go out. I watched clips. I know like the important things like Olivia and Sabrina hugged Olivia and Sabrina hugged. We've imagine you told us on the gray couch two years ago that there would be harmony like this.


Like I'm just, I'm so happy. Obviously you always hate to see two women pit against hello Pitted against one another. Yeah, I Agree. Yeah, I feel like they probably like worked it out on the remix like three years ago and just let it ride. I would love to see like a collab song now. I would love to see, Well I was thinking about it the other day 'cause I was Like, I was really explaining like all the lore behind like driver's license and then skin, like the original one. And then because I liked to boy like her actual, like the real response OG hits And How It was actually just so mutually beneficial. Like, like, you know what I mean, as Sabrina of course, like frustrating in the moment, but also like so much attention. Yeah. She said I am that blonde girl and he was with me.


Yeah. All because I like da boy and it was, it was just such a crazy time. They're both so talented, so I love to see it. What Did she say? I I'm too late to be your first love, but I'll always be your favorite. I'm sorry if I were Olivia slitting Down The stream, I would snatched her by her bangs. Yeah, that's actually wild. I'm happy though that they could like work it out on the remix. I wanna talk about Bianca Sensi, my immediate thoughts upon seeing it or much more lighthearted. Right? Okay. First of all, it's just like, what is she getting out of this? You know, like that is crazy. Like so, and then to find out that they weren't invited is just diabolical. Like I guess if I was Kanye West though, Like I would use my face card too, just like go places.


She's so beautiful. But then the more I started to think about it, like psychologically it's gotta be one of two things. Okay, maybe she's got this crazy, I'm just imagining you like discharge too though. What, what have you started you, your period, Maybe she has like a, a tampon shoved because like, have you ever like a diva Cup? The diva cup is all the rage. Imagine, imagine that feeling though, like clit out on the Grammy's carpet. First of all, I couldn't, I just simply couldn't. It would be, there would be friction. It would be horrible. No, I don't even like wearing people, girls who go commando, girls who go commando and jeans.


You are fucking like American psycho. Like, I don't even like feeling my like lips go like ear, Ear. No. Like I need, like, It's crazy. I actually told you about like an instance I had of this other day. I, I had to leave the grove because I was having, I was having such a labia issue. I'm not even like, I'm not even being funny and like, again, like with the oversharing, like this is just as bad as talking about shitting ourselves. But Like, I amm not kidding. There was nothing that could be done. Like I had to just literally go home, go to sleep and start again the next day. No, I'm not. Sometimes a real chafe happens. Like I feel you. Like things just aren't, I was sitting on it, it was like a, it was a mess. It's that's what I'm saying. Like it's just, I cannot actually imagine that feeling even just like whatever.


So anyways though, it's either a kink or she's in such an emotionally abusive situation or she's into the weird, they have some artsy vision that we don't Did you see him post her dress after? And it's like quite literally just like a stalking. Yeah. And he's like one of one and it's like you took Tweezer man to Hanes. Like what do you mean one, one of One you store that that you can find it again. Yeah. Like, Like make some three fifties again. Well it's just, but Are we like in saying that it's like a big power ial balance and like she's being held hostage. Are we like reducing her to like just a girl? Like what if she's Like, I have the fattest tits of all time.


My Body insane Is so amazing, let me go naked. And he's like, sure, Yeah, this is liberating. And they're on an art kick and an art journey together. But even just him standing there fully clothed, like with her, then it's Like, I Wanna see him in that, in that sheer stalking she go outside. Exactly. Like if she, if it was more liberating, Like I feel it be more solo in my head. And then it's Like, I saw someone too say that even like a bush and armpit hair would change up the whole message. A bush would've, well honestly, a bush would've brought it back to Julia Fox. I feel like she would've slayed the bush. Not that I think Julia Fox has a bush, but I think that she would get behind the Bush movement. I 100% agree with that. I also just imagine being Julia and Kim and being like, like imagine Kim Kardashian seeing that for the first time on her phone.


Also just on a sad note. Like what about like North? Hmm. I don't know. She's a visionary. I think she probably sees the vision that like she sees something we don't Oh, I, I just, and you're right. Like it is fuck to immediately diminish her Bianca by writing it off as this abusive thing. But to me it just doesn't feel, I don't know, it doesn't feel good. It doesn't feel right and it doesn't feel, and Kanye obviously is n notoriously quite controlling and controlling of his partner's images. And he Yeah, he wants to choose the clothes. Yeah. So then it's like, why, like why was she barefoot at Disneyland? I Was, it's so crazy.


I was just about to say that. I was gonna say what really got me going was when she was in Star Wars land with no fucking soles on her feet. But what changed my mind was Like, I saw, I just saw from the other night a video of her like having the time of her life in the club, like laughing. And I'm like, oh my God. It is nice to see her emote. It makes it feel less. Yeah. I wanna see her. That's, that's what I think is so eerie about it all is like that. She's always just Yeah, like just looking like, help me please. Yeah. But it still, I don't know, it just still doesn't sit right with me. I think she's like one thing away from hitting like the help me hand. Like I, I don't know. I don't like it. It's crazy as fuck that they were uninvited. Like what type of manic.


And he's definitely like, ha tear teetering the line of manic. Like he was only following Taylor Swift. He Posted this on his story too. Like she beat the Grammy winners search on Google trends. I Mean, see They're doing something right though. Like that's the thing. Like, okay, Yes. Like we can all go down the rabbit hole of if you have your fucking pussy lip out on the Grammy's carpet, you're gonna be more searched than like, Teddy swim's win. You know, like, obviously. But like, And I have this, I had, I'm honestly when I was seeing And I was Like, I'm surprised I never did this. Like I did have an arrow where, you know, I would do it these days.


I feel Like, I don't know, it's kind of camp. It's crazy because if she were alone, I don't, I think the conversation would be entirely different. It's just, you know, the Kanye would all find it interesting. I get what you're saying that Maybe she's just Like, I, she's going home and laying on a pile of money and she's just like, oh my God, as soon as I get out of this I'm gonna serve. That is fair. That is Fair. I wanna see her like pop out with just like the loudest personality ever. You know what I mean? 'cause like we don't have anything from her so far. Yes. Yeah. That's the thing. I would love to know more about her And I am just hoping and praying that they're just on some fucking weird visionary shit that like, we don't see, but I'm Scared I'm, I'm crossing my fingers like this, that we get another Julia Fox on her hand.


Like, not that there would ever be another Julia, but like we got Julia out of that man. Yeah, I guess that's true. Like he did popularize her. She was Julia Long before Kanye. Yes. But we got, I knew of her because of Kanye. Yes, I Agree with that actually completely. He tweeted Trump's back in office. Ye's. Back a billionaire. The world just might be okay. Was he not a billionaire there for a second? I think he wasn't, he tweeted, the world is so lucky to have me, me And I have a good, a good spray tan. Like I, I, you know, retweet calling X Twitter is like calling yay Kanye. I don't wanna hear nobody call Twitter. Twitter. I mean x Don't call X Twitter. Do you think Elon paid him to say that? I don't know.


I speak in third person from now on. This is not a clone. Or is it this emoji? I really liked that one. That's gonna be my next cop out when I do some dumb shit. I just would love to be in that Kardashian group chat. What else happened? Nikki Glaser looked amazing. Benson booms like the vocals. Oh yeah. She got to, Well I shouldn't say got to, she pulled off Benson's little outfit. I loved that. Her and Heidi Klum doing that. He slayed. I love his little flips and his little Elvis Suit. I love when Benson flips around So much. I loved all of it. I think him like messing with his junk, being a moment was funny. I didn't see that. I'm need to put the phone down. TikTok, they made a walk to a coin joke at the Grammys.


Oh my God. I forgot to text you back about that. Do you have, can you tell me what it was? I think it was saying I, I deadass think, And I could completely be making this up, but I think that he was saying you can donate any form of money except for Hawk to a coin. And then it just cuts directly to Taylor Swift. I was like, what kind of like scary movie for shit? Is this like, that doesn't feel like a real timeline. Oh, so funny. But also I feel so bad for her Hawk to a Yeah, Me Too. I I mean we've, we've unpacked that like so much. But just like imagine you're, she's just minding her business like at home quietly. She puts on the Grammys and she's like, fuck. Well I feel Like No, I think that's s you know, not if what Everyone in the world is accusing you of like literally a, a Insane rug bull, ex Extreme.


Like half a billion dollar scheme. That's like one good thing out of it though. Like a Grammy's mention, like worldwide notoriety. Think about how much that costs. What if they got on there and they were like, oh well I guess there's nothing they could really say about you that would excite you. They Could say anything and I'd be like, yes. Half the people in that room probably ate me anyway. Save Up to 70% at Mattress Warehouse today and sleep better tonight. Knowing you got the best possible price. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress Warehouse? Visit mattress warehouse.com. Do you have an oddly specific sleep problem? You are in luck. The oddly specific sleep problem sale is happening now at Mattress Warehouse.


Whether you're a sarcastic sleep docker or the even rarer sleep giggler enjoy a one year price guarantee on a huge selection of brands you can trust. Worry about the things you say, not the price you pay with 0% interest financing. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress Warehouse. Visit mattress warehouse.com. I'm trying to think of anything else that happened at the Grammy's. Taylor Swift when Kendrick won his award and she did the stanky leg most important moment That she stands up and dances though. Me too. Like I love that she just does not give a fuck. Like she does not, nobody Else matters. Like during Sabrina's, how everyone was sitting like boring, boring Hollywood drone.


Like Taylor was up dancing, vibing, supporting Sabrina. Like imagine being Sabrina and looking out and the only person standing up is Taylor Swift dancing. Like that's, I love that. She's so, she's so free and so, you know, she's serving, I don't wanna piss off the beehive. I love Billy And I love Taylor so much. I really honestly thought Billy was gonna take it home. And am I just so lost in Billy world that it doesn't make sense to me? Am I so lost in tortured poets world that it doesn't make sense to me? Like I Saw something that said that Birds of a Feather was streamed more as a singular song than that entire album was combined. Yes. And, But I could have, that could have been made up. I just, I don't know. It's kind of crazy too. Like had you told me before the Grammys that like Billy and Taylor would like not win anything, go home empty handed.


I just can't believe it. I don't know. I, well again, I don't know who won what. I know Beyonce won Best Country album. Mm. That had to hurt some feelings And it's, I I wanted her so badly too to like, just play into the joke. Like, imagine Beyonce herself was up there and she was like, and by the way, I need to thank Beyonce. You know, Like I just, yeah, well Almost, I guess they can't play into that shit 'cause it's like some serious Illuminati allegations. But even last year, how Jay-Z kind of made a speech, And I forget his exact speech And I don't wanna misquote it and like spread misinformation towards that, but the air of his speech was kind of like, we do a lot for you. Like my punch card is stamped. Like, you know what I mean?


It was, it was basically like, how is that she's won every award been nominated for out of the year four, four or five times and never won it. Okay. Exactly. So it's like Jay-Z is sitting up there essentially saying the year before that Beyonce's never won album of the year. Now she wins. Maybe they Were afraid, afraid that the Carters would never come back if she didn't win this year. They can't lose them. I just, Not saying she didn't deserve it. No, I know. And I, that's, that's the thing too is it sucks that it's like a pitting women against each other's situation. 'cause obviously everyone in the category is so talented. I was just very surprised. Someone's Gonna Like, I can't lose it though. You know what I mean? Yeah. I guess that's true. And like, if it weren't, if Billy won, Beyonce would've lost an award, which is like also like it could be crazy like Beyonce. Yeah.


I guess That's true. I loved Chapel Row. I love her so much. She's so, ugh. The Grammys felt like we were in a different timeline for a second there too. Like, it was just nice hearing Gaga and Chapel Rome, like speak up for trans rights and, and just all of it. Like, it was, it made me really happy. I loved chapel. Even just using, like going up there, imagine you win a Grammy and you go up there in front of all those fucking people and you call out all the label heads for mistreating their artists. It's so bold. 'cause you know, they're all just sitting there Like, I, oops, I would need all of the Gabapentin in the Los Angeles area. Like after that. Like, imagine walking off stage and being like, oh my God. Like that's so bold and iconic.


It's so, And she just does Like, I would do anything to have whatever she has that makes her just like, literally fuck you guys. Yeah. I'm gonna say what's on my mind. And it's just awesome. It Chapel row to me feels like the future. And she's just everything. I loved the Grammys. I was obsessed. I went out afterwards. You did. So did I. And Yeah, we were both out. I wish I knew that we would've like had a Moment. I thought you were coming. I was so excited the whole time I was waiting for you to walk through those doors and you Didn't. And I, I almost wish I did. So you were at Steven Tyler's Grammy viewing and then after party? Yeah, well it's a Janie's Fund auction. It's for like the organization that he works with, but it's like a huge live auction that goes on for like eight hours. And then afterward they have like everyone perform.


They had Steven Tyler, Billy Idol, Joan Jet, Marcus King, who you know, is like my literal favorite artist in the world. It was just the most insane thing ever. I was like, no one would believe me. Like, Yeah, I made a mistake. I think I, I would've maybe caught a vibe even more had I been at some more, a more of an old Hollywood vibe. 'cause that is like the vibe that you wanna capture going out is like seeing iconic people. But I literally went to Bruno Mars' party and he performed, I don't know what I'm saying. Actually don't Sleep on Bruno Mars. I I fuck so hard with Bruno Mars. I love him. He just made a joke about how like, I'll be outta debt in no time. Did you see that? I, I was literally in my head thinking about all night, like if I, I ended up running into him and we talked, it'd be like, look, I have a gambling problem too. He Wasn't real.


He's not really in debt with the casino. That was a rumor. You know what's funny is I know that And I like refuse to subscribe 'cause it makes me feel better. Anyways. I think I would love that rumor being spread about me because it's like, oh my God, you guys think I have $12 million? Yeah, you're right. It is, it is a rumor. Yeah. I went to his party. It's the first party I've been to in Los Angeles maybe ever, or at least in a really long time, where they took our phones, put them in the lockable pouches and like didn't have a phone Who was there that they needed to lock phones up for. So I let, allow me to get into that in a second. Okay. Okay. After all the Diddy shit, I'm like, we're locking phones in 2025. But then I start thinking about myself, you know, having an issue with phones being locked and then I realize I am quite literally the poster child for why They have to lock phones away.


Yes. Yes. Like I, I am literally Bruno Mars's biggest fear like me with TikTok open. Well, look, Doesn't matter so long as you have what's up here and now you're about to share with us what happened anyway. Right. Well He was, there was a moment where he was playing the bongos and he's just so cute. And I was like, fuck, I would've made a TikTok of this. Y'all are so right for locking my phone. No, it was really interesting. I don't know. So I got like coerced into going out. Everyone was like, come to this party, we'll go to Charlie X X's. Like, lady Gaga is gonna be up. Bruno Mars is like, yada yada. And then I get to this party and the most important people in the room are David Doric and Zach Bia.


Okay. And I'm like David Dore, who is not my favorite person on the internet, by the way. I Think I should just go ahead and say that I am not, I am not a David Do super fan. Yeah, That's good. Get that, get that, get that one in there. It's funny, the promoter who was putting it on was like texting me before and was Like, I was gonna invite David, do you still want me to? And then I like said no. And then I was like, actually invite him. Like, I just wanna see like what happens. Like, I was trying to purposefully trying to like gather lore. Yeah. It was just interesting to me. I was Like, I didn't know what Bruno's goal was. Like he, he was just like singing on stage the whole time and it was like a lot of influencers And I was just like, you know, Really funny concept to throw a party and like for people to come watch you sing.


Yeah, That's, it was just, it was very much that. And then everyone too was in like wife beaters and like miniskirts and jeans and I'm in like a floor length bedazzled, see-through gown. And I was Like, I'm just not at the right place, you know? Yeah. Well, so I should have been, I should have been dream on. Well I, we went to the Dream on Party and last year it was different than this like last year. So it's like obvi, it's an auction. So you buy tables and stuff and if they don't sell the tables, then they like, that's when they start inviting people in. Last year there were a lot of influencers there and like, honestly low key hookers, which nothing wrong with that at all, but Like, I got to dress accordingly. Last year I went in like a full sheer like nude dress. So this year I was like, oh, let me go ahead and dress like a hooker again. Mm. Not a single person.


Like below 30 in sight. Mm. And I absolutely looked a mess. People were staring at me like, this is for charity. I, Brooke, this exactly happened to me at Seth McFarland's Christmas party. I'm like, oh my God. And I almost wore some whore ass dress. And in the final moments I changed And I had like the Sabrina Carpenter heart cut out, like under boob, like nipple ring peeking through. And I get there and everyone is in like MOUs like, and just like the dirty looks. I will, I I literally receive like 50 dirty looks. It's the worst feeling in the world to be like the horse. Here It is. Because I was, I was like this the whole time. And I'm just like, oh my God, what was I even thinking? Like, yeah.


Yes, Brooke. It's a charity event for like, for like women too. Which I was like, God, you are a disgrace. No, I But listen, Bianca and Sorry, set the tone though. I was in a black GTR under my dress. Like we, we were, and I'm Not gonna lie, it was a hit. It was a hit. And I was honestly doing that thing where in the, you know, when you're like in the movies or like my, my number one goal in life is to be like picked out of a crowd. Right? So imagine Steve and Tyler on stage Dream on and I'm in the crowd And he's still so like, Just trying for to get the light to catch my face. Right. Tits out. Mewing. Haven't taken a breath in five minutes. Do you have an oddly specific sleep problem?


You are in luck. The oddly specific sleep problem sale is happening now at Mattress Warehouse. Whether you're a sarcastic sleep docker or the even rarer sleep giggler enjoy a one year price guarantee on a huge selection of brands you can trust. Worry about the things you say, not the price you pay with 0% interest financing. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress warehouse? Visit mattress warehouse.com. Save up to 70% at Mattress Warehouse today and sleep better tonight. Knowing you got the best possible price. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress warehouse. Visit mattress warehouse.com.


Do you know the CEO of Bucky's son was charged with all these actual crimes for putting secret cameras in the Bucky's bathrooms? That checks out completely. Checks out. That doesn't shock me from, I feel like I've done some really embarrassing shit in a Bucky's. I just had to tell you that. Do you remember that time of life where the egg was famous? Do you remember like Yes. The Instagram egg. Yes. And they made the account for just an egg and it got to like a million followers and then like faze banks would bring the egg out to the club and like everyone would line up to take photos with the egg. It's, I hate that we were a part of that. No, I thought about that the other day. 'cause I've really just been reflecting on my partying era and obviously just getting ready more and more too to just expose it. More book and just life and everything.


And I was thinking about like, we really lived in LA and we'd be like, oh my God, the Instagram egg is throwing a party tonight. And then we'd like go and like the egg would have signs being brought. It was an egg. It was just like, like a Best Yeah, that was a, that was a dark time. Like we were gonna like Warwick and like Poppy and Like I was so excited to see that guy with that long neck. The long neck guy was always there. Yes. We gotta put in his photo. Him. We had ghosted the Graham who like just went out in a mask every night. Like the club scene was just like, what were we doing? No. And I thought it was the most fun thing in the world. I like recently got invited to a birthday party and it was in Silver Lake And I drive like 30 minutes And I get there and it was Alexander's birthday party.


And normally I feel like he has like, How dare he not invite me by the way? He didn't personally invite me. So I get there and he's throwing like a red solo cup project X rager. And I'm like, but in the past he's thrown very intimate parties where you get to like talk and like vibe and it's like at a venue. And I was like, what did I sign up for? I walk in and it's like, I don't even wanna say the people I saw hammered. 'cause it's just rude. There's no need to be rude. No, I can infer because last party I went to of his, I was like, how, what are all these people doing here? And it's the most like random crossover, like the, you know, but It feels like the Grammys. Yes. I'm like, wait, Yes Sabrina, what are you doing? Yes. And so Like, no Sabrina, but, But I was there And I just like, my heels were poking in the grass and like Soulja Boy is playing and like beer is getting spilled on me and I'm like having a conversation with Dixie Emilio in the corner and I'm having to yell at the top of my lungs to like tell her things and like whatever.


I'm Like, I just like left. And I was Like, I used to live for this shit, live for this shit. And what changed Dude? And it's like, now it's like, for me, I think it is being sober, but it's like, it's so crazy. Like we'd be blacked out. Everyone ever is doing blow sleep all day the next day wake up and do it again. And then again and then again. And then again living for, it's like now I'm so excited to have like a Saturday. Like that life to me now is so sad. Yeah. But I don't, I honestly, I don't think it is your sobriety because like I'm not sober And I feel like, what the fuck? I don't wanna go there. Well, The problem with me is the second that I drink, I take 10 shots and Like, I actually would have like a night with this vase.


Oh yeah. Like me and this vase would be up until six in the morning having a heart to heart. You know what I mean? So I like lose all consciousness of what Tana likes, you know? Yeah. But I don't know, it's just even going out the other night, I was just like, why did I do that? Like, You know what's hard to understand, like it feels like since we stopped doing it, it stopped happening and like no it didn't. No. And then You go, it still happens every night. Like there's still people who are going every night. No, the other night, like the Nel boys were all out in their happy dad hats. Mind you, I'm in a fucking gown in heels. I'm like, literally I could have been in a snapback and they're all like, hammered and like in a loop. And I was like, oh my God. Like, it's crazy because normally I would've like been in this loop. It's nice to be out of the loop though, Like Yeah, no, it's so nice.


It's just, I don't know. It's it is just so crazy. It, yeah. It's just still happening And I, it is just sadder and sadder over time too to see the same guys like wearing the same chrome hearts. Yeah. And like now they're 40 and it's like your sperms gonna dry up. Well What happened to me as I got older, it like made me realize like, oh, these guys were losers On everyone. And then they just keep preying on the new Yeah. The new rounds. And it's, it's kind of crazy 'cause you don't think about it. I remember like the coolest of cool guys. Like, I'd be like, oh my God, I hope he's at Hyde tonight and now I'm thinking about it. I'm like, he was 35 at Hyde every night. Yeah. And he has like a hundred million dollars. Like go home. 100%.


100%. Like what do You, what business do you have there? Except for to pick up some 21-year-old girl, which Is just so I'm really at the point Yeah. Where I'm just like praying. It's so sad for all those girls. 'cause it is like the same men prey on these new groups of like 21-year-old girls and like new famous people and like, just whatever. It's so weird. And it's just not fun. Like even just yelling over music, I'm like, oh my god, my, my temples hurt. Yeah. I wanna feed ducks. Like, I wanna take up new fucking hobbies. I wanna feed ducks. I just can't believe that my life has ever gotten to this point. But it feels so good. You know what I mean? Now I'm so happy for you. And now that you know what it's Like, I feel like you won't regress. I feel like before it was like you never got far enough to the other side to not wanna like go back 100%.


100%. And it's, it's so nice speaking of not being able to party anymore. Do you know what I've been seeing online? And I'm truly like baffled by, this is Alex Earl's 24 hour party. She amazes me And I've done that without like calling it that. Right? Like in Miami so many times where like truly like the night just carries into the day and then you do the boat and you do it again and then all of a sudden it's been 48 hours. And like, that's why I haven't been to Miami sober And I utterly refuse. I'm sure there's a different side of Miami that I could see and it's beautiful and water and beach and love and laugh. All I know is like actual cocaine, hookers and like, you Know, I haven't been back since you and fought so bad.


I literally had to like practically walk home from Miami to just not be in the same room as you. That whole it's trip was brutal. Like it, my, it's just brutal. It's, it's such a demonic place. Miami is, but again, I'm sure like I'm from Vegas And I love it and I'm like, Vegas is the light of the world. So it's like, I'm sure that like Alex Erl has a different experience than Like, I have. Wait, So she's doing a 24 hour. I, I saw in her story like hour 12 of 24 or something. Yeah. So, but I can't see her tiktoks. Oh shit. 'cause she, yeah, so her best friend, it was her best friend's birthday and they decided to throw a 24 hour party starting at 7:00 PM until 7:00 PM the next day. And they're talking about all of this online. And I am not even remotely putting an air of accusation on anyone there.


And I think anyone who can, anyone who can do that without cocaine is like a, A superhuman. Like no, you can't. What do you mean? I'm not putting that allegation on her. 'cause I even saw her in her comment saying like, we don't do that. But Like, I guess, I don't know if it's just like the shit I've seen in LA where would like, you know me, I always say Like, I think everyone does cocaine. Everyone does fucking cocaine in la And Like, I just, how Again, yeah. I don't wanna accuse her of anything. Yeah. I don't wanna accuse her. I guess I like should literally just ask her instead of podcasting about this. But there's no fucking way you're going for 24 hours, all of you and no one's hitting the slopes. Or maybe there's nap time that Should Yeah, they had a nap, they got an iv and I'm, I'm not meaning to project that on her.


I'm truly just Like, I can't even wrap my head around. I'm trying To think of what could get me to stay up that late. Like literally nothing. I can't, I, the second it hits 9:00 PM I start going, No. There was like a time of my life where I truly was doing that without a label. And like, it's just so, but again, obviously with drugs and it's so wild to Me. She's also young. Very young. That's True. But still, she's like 23, 22, Which is 24 4 Hours of partying without cocaine is actually like, that should be fuck break dancing the next Olympics. That should be a category. I Agree. Like I just, I can't even believe it. Tricia pedi, She went on Broadway. I'm so proud of her. I'm just, you know, like the like progression of her relationship with Rachel, right?


Yeah. Like how she went from being like, Rachel is like literally absolutely horrible. Like, but it was just Like, I think she was just like kind of trolling to being like such a Rachel Superfan to Rachel being in her show is like the craziest And her love for Ben Platt, also the Empire State building. Pink, Pink. Like you are just, I mean obviously I always say it, but you are just that bitch. Like, I'm so fucking happy for her. I was, was sobbing the entire time watching it. It's So inspirational. It's, she's just literally perfect. She deserves every little bit of it. I love that she was the star. I love that she's on stage with like literal legends and she is the star. Yes. And she is, she truly is just a legend. And it's, I think it's so fucking cool to just, I don't know, she is like the face of the community for us Broken girls, you know?


And it's like you can fucking do anything and she deserves it. So I wanna cry analogy And just like feeling like things are like the lowest of lows. And then now she's like just on Broadway and she's just so Fabulous and just deserves and just documenting all of that, like truly always being so authentic with where her mental space was at, I think allows for her fans as a community to feel something so special that most people will never let you into. Like most of your favorite people, you will never be let into like the deepest depths of their darkness. You know? So to do that and then everyone get to grow with her. Like even just seeing the video of her after all the people around her, I was just like, ugh, I'm so happy for her. I can't even believe Empire State Building. Pink is so, It's ama And I just feel like what's crazy is like, that feels like, oh my god, the greatest it could be.


And I feel like the next thing she does, we're gonna be like, oh my God. Like I just feel like she, the world is her oyster right now. She could do anything that she wants. I'm so fucking happy for her and so proud of her. I wanted to go so bad and then in the last minute, I like didn't, I wish we did. It would've Been fun. Yeah. It would've been so fabulous. But I watched Baby Girl the movie last night. How was It? Have you seen it? I Haven't seen it yet, but I want to. You have to go home tonight and watch it. Well, first of all, me watching that movie while Maco was out of town is the most diabolical shit. I lost my greater charger. It's, it's, it is so it's the Horniest movie I've ever seen. I need to show you, honestly. Look at this video, I'll insert it into the podcast.


I Don't know how this could possibly go. Well, like what do you mean? Look at this video? No, no, no, no, no. It's so Horny. Check this video Out. No, no, no, no. It's not bad. I swear. Look at everyone in the theater. Look at everyone's faces. Oh My God. This is like guys watching porn with their friends. It's like, why are you trying to all get horny Together? No, we all got so horny together. Like we didn't think it was gonna be that crazy. And then it's like Nicole Kidman like walking on all fours, like drinking out of a bowl while the guy says Good girl. And then he blows her back out. It was the, it was so fucking insane. I feel so bad for Mako. He's gonna come home to our room like, like a sex chamber. A little bowl of Milk. No, I'm quite literally not even kidding. And then every single person, the second the movie was over just went to their rooms and you could like hear us all on FaceTime.


It was like some real, Like I Mentioned just from the other room. It's like Z No, I'm not even, I had to, I had to go acoustic. I had MAA on the phone doing tricks. Acoustic isn't real. Like, because I can't do it. I refuse to believe anyone else can. No. And then tell me why I had like palsy of the hand after going acoustic. Yeah, that's Like, that'll give you arthritis for sure. No, I'm not even actually kidding. It's like there's something so humiliating about your vibrator dying and you needing to get a nut off so badly. You have to cool and like go acoustic. No, it's so embarrassing. Have you ever had like where it dies, but like if you turn it on for one, it'll go again for like three Seconds and then you ride out to three seconds.


Yes. So you're just Like, I just have done that like so many times to where it's like, okay, that was almost like one full 32nd stint. Yes. And You're like, edging yourself. No, and then I was trying to have like FaceTime sex and that's like a whole thing. Like, it's like not that hot, you know, like you have to really try like the angles. Like afterwards I couldn't lift my arm. Like my arm was like tired. What are the angles I don't think I've ever done Actually know, I haven't ever done it well I's just now I'm long distance right now. So obviously, you know, you gotta be spicy, you gotta put on this sexy set and you gotta be like, Ooh, miss me daddy. But it's like, Really? I don't think I could do that after. I think it would, I would, I would get imposter syndrome doing that. Like if I were to do that, I would be like, who do I think I am?


I, I definitely was feeling that way. But it's like after like the like week and a half, two week mark of not being together, Like I start losing vision in my right eye. Like, I need dick, I need, I need stimulation. I need, you know? Yeah. Like, it's just, I can't even, you know, Consistent. Yeah. I'm just, I don't feel like the same person. But baby girl was insane. It truly was insane. I don't think we all realized that we were actually gonna be watching porn essentially together. And you have to watch it. I'm so excited. Like if you see me drinking in the corner out of a bowl of milk next week on all fours, like mind your business, it's camp. Do You believe in cow's milk? I do, but I also believe in bubbling the house down. You know that I'm gonna say something that's just brutal and disgusting about, you know, but you've gassed yourself out in the car a few times, I'm presuming.


And that's just where I haven't, that's where I'm at with cow's Milk. Do you have an oddly specific sleep problem? You are in luck. The oddly specific sleep problem sale is happening now at Mattress Warehouse. Whether you're a sarcastic sleep docker or the even rarer sleep giggler enjoy a one year price guarantee on a huge selection of brands you can trust. Worry about the things you say, not the price you pay with 0% interest financing. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress Warehouse. Visit mattress warehouse.com. Alabama Barker and Bad Baby continue to give us a topic each week. It's crazy. This is now three podcasts in a row where it's Like, I have to write it down again.


Are they gonna send us a cease and desist? I think that they need to focus on sending each other a cease and desist first, right? Yeah. So Bad Baby puts out her song Implying that Alabama got pregnant by Tika. If that is true, She's definitely gonna send us this cease and Desist. Recently I found out that Tyga went and said that he hates one of my friends simply because they are friends with me. We have no idea who it could be. It's totally not Brooke. And I understand why he doesn't like me, obviously, because I go to do this, but it's like if you are fucking Alabama Barker and you got Alabama Barker pregnant like that, it just, it's everything I've ever always said about him.


Like what, what I will say he went on, he went online and he, not that like you can always believe a man, but he went online. He was Like, I can't believe I even have to address this, but like, absolutely not. Have I ever had a physical relationship with a Alabama Parker? And I do like, as, as much as you could say about Tiger. Like how could anybody be so stupid as to for a hook up with somebody who's underage, but also who's underage and is in the family of your ex. Yeah, I don't, well she's not underage and like he loves Oh, she's not underage. You know, Age Doesn't matter. It's just too young. Yeah. I hope, I hope it's not true. That shit is crazy. Way Too young. I it, it is just wild too that Like, I don't know, I saw a bad baby, like making a video just being like, like Alabama was coming at bad baby saying like, you asked for my lip combo.


You asked for this, you asked that. Yeah. Bad baby's like, yeah, I thought you Like I thought you were my friend. Of course I did. Yeah. It's just, it's wild to like defend that behavior, you know, just I Did, I feel bad. Like, you know, when you're in it and like you can't see it for what it is like bad baby. I saw her say Like, I, I don't even care that he's cheating on me. And I'm like, we should, Dude. I saw Ava Luis have like a really, really profound take on what having issues with your mother can do to your relationships with other women and the way that you, you know, when your mom, when you're born into your mom being your first hater and your mom, you know, not loving you and you not in your formative years, not receiving that unconditional love from women, what it can end up doing later on in life.


And that that is it. It's just one of those situations where it's like everybody just needs like a hug. Like everyone, you know, like it's, it's actually like a sad situation. Just overall. Alabama's dish track people are speculating was ghost written by MGK. He's Still writing raps. The flow is very MGK, that's another person who probably right now at home is like, Tenneth, get my name outta your mouth. But it was giving MGK to me And I was like, damn, you know, kind of crazy. Well I guess it like there's the Travis Barker, MGK kind of Yeah. Affiliation. That's what I'm saying. Like it's not too far away. It's kind of wild. We forgot to talk about Kendrick at the Grammys, but he, you know, he's the first dis track to ever win a Grammy.


It's so Fabulous. Like winning a Grammy for being just like a petty Yes. So iconic. Like imagine you're in this beef and there was a point in time too like remember we had ke on trying to educate us and like there was a point in time, he Was one of the first to know I feel like Yes. But there was like a point where like people were debating who's winning, right? Like Drake fans were like, oh, team Drake, team this, whatever. Like imagine the feeling of Like, I just won a Grammy for my disc track. Like I, oh If I'm Drake, I'm boycotting the Grammys forever. Forever and ever and ever. It's crazy too that the weekend was boycotting the Grammys and then ended up just going out on stage. Yeah. How much do you think they paid him?


That's Me as fuck though. Being like, fuck this brand, fuck this shit. And then like they come with a correct check and I'm Like, I Love this brand. Like, oh my God. Yeah, they had to have just paid him an insane bag. It's kind of iconic too, just in general like coming back together with someone that you once, I also Just like love the idea of like Grammys like crawling back to me and being like, no, please come. Yeah. Like okay, fine. Yeah, it's honestly, honestly iconic Mikayla Testa versus Anna Paul. Ugh. This is another one of those things. And like it happens to me really often where Like I can watch a video in full and be like, oh my God, I can't believe it. Like I'm so on this person's side and then I see that a next person's video and I'm like, oh my God, I cannot believe it.


I'm so on. This person's Like, I don't, I can't figure out who is being honest or are they both being honest and it's just like different versions of their own truth, you know what I mean? Like I don't Feel like Mikayla Testa lied a fucking bit in that video, but then obviously her saying that she had the receipts and then being like, actually I'm gonna take the receipts to court. And if she does then like slay down, you know, the things McKayla was saying, it's like you just don't make up that interaction of someone calling their fans fat. Like they, you're not gonna sit down as Mikayla and be like, she called this person fat if she didn't call this person fat. Yeah, That's true. 'cause Mikayla's gotten so much hate from like, just like, yeah, their stands in general.


'cause like obviously they have such a like loyal like, or like a cult fan base Also. Just whenever I see certain videos and listen, I, it is so funny me even daring to say this 'cause I have posted some sacious apologies in my day. So this is quite literally the pot calling the kettle black. And I, I shouldn't, I don't know, Sacious was amazing. Like I posted some wonky tonky clarifications, you know, so it's like I'm not trying to be the person putting the gavel down, but I, you always just think like after watching Mikayla's video, I was like, somebody watched that and like what the whole Like I feel broke thing like was crazy like, like it's an emotion on inside out.


Like it's like, like brokes in the corner, like Concrete like dude, like what do you actually mean? They should add broke to inside out. Like, Like it's Yeah, that is crazy. That's like saying Like I, yeah, no nevermind. There's nothing that it's like, like it's like, you know, it's like so I either you are or you aren't if you have a fucking mansion on the water. I do understand that struggling to pay rent can teeter the line of like whatever. But also like you probably were glamorizing, you know what I mean? Like what's the word fluffing up? How little money you had for internet sympathy and views. I Feel like it's so interesting to me because I feel like at least in my lifetime the goal has, or like my angle was always like pretend I had more money than I had and not like oh flex Your way out the trenches.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like my thought is never to be like, oh my God I was so broke. Like I just, It just fits her brand. So Like I could see where she would financially benefit from. Yeah. You know embellishing a coming from the trenches story and that's so wild. That sucks. But At least if even one actual broke person saw it and felt inspired. Okay. Slay. I also just wish she touched on all the Addis stuff 'cause it's kind of like saying nothing About That. That is, That's the thing I know I don't have all the information here. Drop this honestly. Mikayla, do you want me the receipts? I love Mikayla. Yeah, it's funny, Mikayla hates my guts but I think does she? Well there it's, you know Tommy Arnold?


I don't think you do, but he, he's just one of those boys like friends with like Bryce Hall and shit. He used to do hot tub streams. I ended up becoming decent friends with him because he taught me a lot about poker and he does videos where he'll just interview influencers with tiny mikes and he asked her one day like least favorite influencer and she was just like, Tana Mongeau, I hate Tana Mongeau. And I was like, damn, I remember this. But I was she trolling or what? I think actually we know we did, we did get to the bottom of that. And I do also understand why, you know, she's friends with Corina and Like I know Ari went on a trip with them and like Ari came back saying like, people didn't have the nicest things to say about you. And I think sometimes it's like, you know, if you really hated someone that I didn't know, like, and you were on a whole tangent, I would probably be having your back in the conversation.


So Like I understand that I guess, but I don't know. I really don't know. I don't know. I, I guess, yeah, you're right. Like I, there's no reason for her to just like outright lie outta nowhere. But then obviously also not with the essay stuff. Okay. Like I understand holding that in for as long as you need, you know, it's your own story in your own time. She, she was kind of saying that Addis financially abused her and also sexually. Oh and the, even just taking 50% of her income like that is so fucked up. Like you're not in the OS content. You're not, and then thinking about your boyfriend convincing you to give him 50% of your LF income is fucking wild because it's like there had to have been some trail of emotional, of course abuse there to even get you to do that because anyone managing should never take more than Like, I guess 30 at most, let alone just your boyfriend who's running your account.


Like Right. So then that makes me believe, well obviously I already was just believing everything she was saying like the the essay stuff of course. But I wonder what took her so long in the, you know, 'cause you kept kicking it with Anna while she's calling her fans Fatties, which is crazy, but, well, but then again I guess she was in a really emotionally abusive situation with Addis, so I'm assuming probably your van As well. Yeah, it's hard to say or like know what you would do in that situation. I don't know. It's hard. Without all the information, I cannot have a take And I learned my list. I'm not defending anyone here and it's Just one of those things where I'm sitting here with a hunch about Anna Paul And I don't really know. What I hate is finding out that someone I like believe to be like any sort of like amazing nice person.


Like finding out that they're not, I hate when that happens and it happens so often. It does. I think she really did a good job on selling the like, so giving give back. I love my fans act and that's always like anyone who's mean about their fans or doesn't like their fans is an automatic, eh, in my book. Right. Like it's like where the fuck do you get off like that just, And I don't believe Mikayla was lying, so it's kinda wild. It is really wild. Oh shit Anna. It's just wild though on the opposing end. If Mikayla were lying the way the internet is, you know, and it's like I'm not even trying to like pit women or do any of that. It's like, even if Anna, let's say Mikayla was completely lying and Anna fully sued her for slander, those damages are irreparable.


Yeah. Yes. And that's exactly like, because there's, there's gonna be such a large percentage of people who beat and never even see it get cleared up. So that's just what they think. And even if they do see it get cleared up like psychologically, like you already believe that about this person. Yeah. Which is just wild that it's, I think after the Blake Lively thing, it just like, and obviously I still new things come out about that every day where I think That's, that's what kind of what I'm saying where I'm Like, I am, I have whiplash. Like I can't even look into this anymore because it's Like I don't even understand what's going on. I just have like had to really check myself on being so quick to believe a woman is bad on the internet because it happens every single fucking day. But then it's like half these creators getting exposed to being shitty.


People are, yeah. So I don't know. I just, I what I will say I did agree with and Anna's take is like people straight up kill themselves over stuff like this like so often. And so that's something to keep in mind. Like they call it like weaponizing like you know, like suicide or whatever. But it's also like that that is what happens. Like we see kids like not even just kids, but people kill themselves all the time over bullying and then we just bully people anyway. No it is, it is wild. And it is, I was thinking about this too, just like the all emotions and actions and accusations and everything aside just the pr of it all. Anna could have said anything and her comments would still do I think that video is bad.


Yes. Do I think of the video as the absolute perfect response to that? That she's still Like, I think there are just situations like that where it's like she could have said anything and people were still going to find a way. Like people believe what they wanna believe. But it's hard too because it is that it's like Mikayla is sitting down raw as fuck spitting facts like nothing to lose. Like, you know what I mean? And then like you're setting up the camera and sitting on the floor and all of your videos are contrived. Like it's hard just positioning wise to get anyone to believe you anyways. You know? Yeah. Need more information. Need receipts. Yeah. I'm, that's It. Or honestly, maybe I need you to shut fuck my fucking mouth. 'cause what does it matter what I think about it? Do you have an oddly specific sleep problem?


You are in luck. The oddly specific sleep problem sale is happening now at Mattress Warehouse. Whether you're a sarcastic sleep docker or the even rarer sleep giggler enjoy a one year price guarantee on a huge selection of brands you can trust. Worry about the things you say, not the price you pay with 0% interest financing. So where would you look to find the perfect mattress in a little mattress store or mattress warehouse. Visit mattress warehouse.com. I respect you for feeling that way. And even with the do brick thing, I was trying to Like I explain to people that I understand being so Switzerland, well, okay, well Afraid but also confused. No, petrified is what it is.


And that's what I will call it. It was petrified. I, it's like hard because I, it happens to me so often where I'm so afraid of saying the wrong thing that I say exactly the wrong thing. And like in that situation, it's like you're sitting here and you're saying like essentially like, this man doesn't deserve a career. Which like that, you know what I mean? Like that's what you think And like that's probably true. But my fear is Like I say that and then my, I just get absolutely like reamed in on because it's like, who the fuck do you think you are? You don't deserve a career To say. Yeah. And Like, I honestly completely understand how that like feels. I've caught myself in that feeling of life so many times and then it's like you are contractually obligated to come sit on the Cancelled podcast and talk about people and cancellations and stuff.


The more that I think about it though, I think that it's a growing game, right? Like so long as you are growing as an individual and still having to sit on this microphone, I think you're entitled to an opinion. But that's the thing. I get it. Like being afraid of having an opinion until you're in a situation like the do brick one where then you don't have an opinion and then everyone cooks you for it. Like it's, it's hard 'cause it feels like a lose lose Situation. Yeah, I will. But even I watch it back And I'm like, no, it looks Like I do have an opinion. It looks Like I have the wrong one, but like it really is just like I'm, I'm Like, I cannot, I'm so afraid of saying like the words like no, he shouldn't have come back. He should. 'cause here I am Yeah, talk, talk, talking.


Yeah. And It's, you know, like, but It's different. It Isn't, I know, I know that. But those Situations are different. But I Know it's different and like, it's just hard. Like again, it's just a mental thing. Like Yeah, having to train your brain to get back into the Cancelled mindset and just showing up every week. But I think knowing there are gonna be people upset with you no matter what, or saying negative things about you. Like that's tough. That's what it is. And like it's weighing the two because like no matter what, I could have had either one of those two options and I'm gonna get hate regardless. And it's deciding like, which kind of hate I wanna get. Yeah. You know what I mean? So like, Like that's wild. It Isn't, I know it's, and it's like, it's part of the gate. Like we've always gotten it, but it's just this like shit. Like can I choose the right side for once? No. And I mean it is just like a tough scene.


Even you And I have been like mapping out how much we wanna tour and like what we wanna do and Like, I don't know, just like navigating everything is so hard and Like I completely understand your head space 'cause it's like, what can I say? What do I do? What do you want from me? I'm just a girl, you know? Yeah. And Like I know a lot of people want me to shut the fuck up, but Like I got, I have to show up to work. That's the thing is it's like, and you And I obviously have been having conversations too about, I don't know the future and like, because even just like in our sober healthy relationship lives, there are some weeks where I'm like, fuck I, I have nothing to report And I, I'm not in the mood to come, just stand in the line of fire.


You know what I mean? And like at what point will we feel like we are elevating to something that fits our lifestyles more? You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm like, and just Like, I don't know. And it's hard. It's hard 'cause like there's not, like before we sit down to film again, there's not enough time to even like assess like what just happened? Like, I don't know. And it just gets going and yeah, my cup doesn't fill up enough by the time I sit down again. Like since the last time I was here. And so it's just like, it's Hard. It's really interesting. I still am enjoying this, but I do like eventually see a world where we have solo wholesome podcasts and still crossover all the time. I Know. And I think people like get freaked out by that. But like we don't, so Like he shouldn't, I know that's the thing too is that people take every, like if you And I at the end of this contract decide like I'm gonna have a solo podcast, I'm gonna have a solo podcast and then we're gonna podcast together all the time.


'cause at the end of the day I love the chemistry that we have on camera. And I don't, I always say you're creatable, but I, not a word. I don't think it is. Like I have no desire to fill that with anyone else. I enjoy the chemistry you And I specifically have and always will. And I think we'll always make content together for that reason. But people get so weird about the idea of Cancelled ending. Well and it's Like, I think like another huge element of it is like the fact that like, it's frustrating. It's so frustrating. Like to the audience that we like aren't as consistent as like other podcasts and stuff. But it's like, it literally like, there's so much pressure about it. If we could really just sit down once a month or something and make an episode like a really good episode, it might feel different.


But like knowing that we do have to do it every week, I feel like it's been like Well and just even like, like we just filmed the Cancelled Awards. It's hard. And I went back And I watched the edit And I was like, if I put out this raw episode, we would have 17 scandals. 'cause it's like the nature of what we're talking about, you have to say the exact right thing about all of these different scandals in these things. And whether people believe that or not. It, it is a difficult thing to mentally navigate. Like you have to really have your ducks in a row. And then Like I know, you know, and you know, there's so many people who are like, well that's what you sign up for when you're an influencer and stuff. But it's like kind of shit. Just like any job. Like if you're getting harassed and bullied at your job, it's not like, oh, but you, you signed up for that. Like, it's also nature Not supposed to do that of this podcast.


Like the pop culture and the addressing things and the coming back Every week. Yeah. And honestly talking shit about people. Yes, exactly. It's like that to me it's not podcasting, it's the the content, the meat of what this one is So true. Like I know Alicia, Marie and Remy do not have this problem. Yeah. And Then it's like, of course we'd put out the raw episodes on time, but we have to have 17 people helping us to make sure we're not fucking idiots. Like Yeah. And there's two of us, like both of us are saying the wrong thing. So there's Like, yeah, no, and it's like, 'cause that's, and it's also one of those things too where it's like a lot of my takes, it's not that I don't stand on them, but the things that you wanna say with your friend are not always the things that need to make it to the internet. I'm excited to see the Cancelled chapter fully through, but I don't know if that's our like lifelong journey, you know?


Well We know it's not. Yeah, it just, I, I guess what you said is like, like seeing how it, like what's the word transpires? Yeah. Or like when it changes into something else better. Evolves. Yeah. Oh yes. What would I do without you? And I think that's, I, yeah I guess I just see the threads and the comments and people make everything so negative about our personal relationship and it is like so not that It's like you And I had a call literally This week where we like just after all this do brick stuff where we're like, oh my God. Like Yeah, We have to figure out how to continue to figure out how to navigate these things every day. And it's very interesting. I have my moments I'm like, oh my God, it's fun.


I can take it and then I'll call you and I'll be like, I'm gonna die. Yeah. And that's, I mean that's just what Cancelled will probably always bring due to the nature of what we talk about. Yeah. I know sometimes I wish Like I could just take a, I wanna disappear and a lot of people say you should disappear. I want to disappear. And I so far have not had the option. So just know as soon as it comes across my desk, That was how I felt. Even in the episode that we did joint where I was in Hawaii, I was like, I'm gonna rip all my fucking hair. Like where I like had called Leah from Love Island And I was on the Zoom and you were whatever at that point after touring and all the Cody Co and the Alyssa shit, Like I was gonna rip my hair out.


Not because I don't love the fans, not because I don't love podcasting with you, but sometimes the contractual obligation to quite literally yap and talk shit about people when you're not in the right space is the worst thing ever. It's the worst thing for you mentally. You know, it's just like it is what it is. And podcasts also have their like little seasonal breaks and we just, we just keep cooking. You know, we had breaks And I had some Breaks. Have you seen the girl who after that conversation me actually saying these words? Have you seen the girl who fucked a thousand guys in a day? Yeah. Or no, she did a hundred guys in a day and now she's gonna do a thousand guys. No, I think she did a thousand. Right.


Can we fact check this? All right. 'cause I saw that photo of her on the bed after And then now she's beefing with another girl, beefing. Bonnie Blue is the girl who did it and now she's beefing with the girl Lily Phillips who looks exactly like her. Yeah, Okay. Bonnie For also doing the thousand in a day. Oh my god. I'd be so pissed if I just did, went through all of that just for some other bitch to beat my record. Yeah, it's kind of crazy. Did she do a thousand, 1,057 people in 12 hours? 1,057 dicks in 12 hours. Oh my gosh. I can't get that many story views in 12 hours. Like, Like I'm actually like the wheelchair I would need And then what?


They all use a condom. Yeah. Oh God. I hope. Do You think each guy just got one pump? Yeah, it would have to be one pump. Yeah. One. Like if there's no way it was 1,057 men to completion. They Were line. Yeah they were lined up. No, not to to completion. She would Die. No, when she filmed with Tyy she said that there was a cue of guys and like they just line up like a train. Yeah. And she was being serious. I saw the line, It was like an actual thing. What? And she said she was really going all out for all of it. Like do different positions. Everything. It's not like she was just laying there. What, I'm just imagining those men like standing in line like so what brings you here? Like it's like's one of those things where it's like more power to her if she wanted to Think they're playing like heads up in line. Yeah. Like that's what I'm saying. It's like, like ugh.


Nothing against her. Like get get your record, get. It's crazy. But I'm more so just baffled by the type of men that that would attract. I just hate it 'cause it's like, you know, every time you see someone involved in something like this, you see five years down the line where it's Like I hate myself for doing that and this is why. Yeah. I think I'm really Tara's world recently spoke out about how she congrats to her by the way on getting engaged. That was very, very cute and sweet. Even that, seeing the internet pick that apart. I hate people so fucking much. Like it's like what's to Pick apart? They like the snow was crunching wrong, someone was walking in the back of the proposal and people were pissed. It's like, oh my god.


Oh your boyfriend is cheating on you right now. Bethany like, you know, it's just Like I can't Boyfriend. Poor Bethany. She spoke out recently about how she started doing LF and obviously the jump financially from being a TikTok creator to being an EF creator, especially one that people are really interested in oftentimes is drastic. Hers was, and then she bought this multi multi, multi multimillion dollar house and now she obviously has to pay off the multi multimillion dollar house. And she's saying that she doesn't even like doing it anymore, but she's accrued this lifestyle that financially Yeah, that's hard. Requires it. And it's Like I even when I look back the other day, even today on a leave was here newly Paige And I have been, you know, hiring people And I was in my closet And I was like, hey, just letting you know I'm about to change.


Like my tits are about to be out And I had this flash to myself at Weed Lake And I would be in a room with 27 people with my tits out. Like how hard I took that era is and just ever I'd be at the club doing this and like, you know, this, this pose carried me home. Like it is just so wild. Like once you go so far into that world, like you can't take it back. Yeah, It's nutty. It's like, But you can though, like you can like Tricia PEs never done it I Guess. That's true. Never done it. I guess it just with yourself, like the self-reflection, like the amount. Yeah. Three times a week at minimum. I was wearing a mesh See-through shirt and getting paparazzi like they've seen 'em.


Tana, everyone's seen 'em. Yeah. Holy fucking shit. Like so I, I dunno. Can you talk to me about raise your Ya ya ya. Raise your Yaya. Okay, here's the thing about Raise Your Yaya. I found her first. Okay. Because I talked about her on this podcast. Remember I saw that video of her teaching someone to sing And I, I came on the podcast And I was like, you're gonna die. You have to see this video. And we spoke about her and then she sent me an email and she said that she would do a private singing lesson for me. And this was like years ago. No This was like last year. Over a year ago. This was, Yeah like It was a while ago. Like you were very much And now raise your Yaya Ya is everywhere. And you were very much ahead of the curve you found.


But I thought we all knew about Yaya. No, I did not know. I didn't put the two together until Well how Many, how many singing coaches are there? I guess a lot. A lot. Yeah. There's a lot of singing coaches and the Yaya, she's different. Okay. She's different. But like that's what she's always done is where she like helps people like enunciate differently so that their voice sounds different and like that's her whole shit. We should raise Our yaya yas with her. I Want to So bad. And that was the mental battle I had before because it's Like I want to raise my Yaya And I'm too shy. I think we should do it for the Patreon. It would be really, really, really, really funny. I know, But I Like, I know myself and the like it's one of the things I hate the most about myself. But it's like in a situation like that I would just make a joke of it and Like I would just waste someone's time.


I'll commit. 'cause Like I, if you won't commit, I'll commit. I just had to react to my own music. Nothing is off the table. Okay. Oh My God. I should have written down questions that I had 'cause I had some Can you please Honestly think of some questions? My first question was, first of all, I've never seen you unironically twerk. Like I've only seen you twerk like, like in a joking like kind of, so I guess to see you just like unapologetically, like just fucking throwing it back. That was different. And then more than that, I noticed it was made by Hunter Moreno Productions Even That like productions was Hunter on the ground because the angle He would commit so hard.


There was on the W Music video shoot, there was a point in time I didn't actually get to tell this story in the video 'cause it's just like a long story. I'll try to make it short. But I mean, Like I said in the video, like Hunter's been my bestie for so long and like when I met him he was working at ICM and he had trouble with that. Like he was an intern. There was staplers flying. I don't wanna like tell his life story for him, but you know, he sees me And I just have this money and I'm so willing to spend it on quite literally the most embarrassing shit out. But obviously Paying for a humiliation ritual is like so funny by the Way. No, it's insane. It's think Not that it's humiliating Brooke. Yeah, you can say it. It does not offend me in the slightest. When I got done reacting to my old music, I, I took a benzo And I'm gonna say that and I'm gonna say it proud.


Like I was having a panic of a century. I can't think about the Headspace. You have to be in to be unironically doing that. Like I am so far. I am five times over a different person. I've become a different person five times since that time. But anyways, hunter obviously was so committed to, you know, his craft. Like in my head we were like Taylor Swift and Jack Antonoff, right? Like just, we were a duo in this, you know. And for the W Music video shoot, one of the days I look at Hunter and this is, he was on the floor. I was twerking in front of a car. I couldn't drive, you know, a whole nine of course. And I was like, hunter, you're doing great and all, but like this video's missing something. And I was like, this video is missing a drone shot.


And so he has to go get a drone and he like flies it over the hills and then the drone glitches out and crashes and like, he couldn't afford to like not return the drone so he had to like go in the mountains. He was like covered in blood. He got hurt, like to get the drone. Like it's so funny to think so Happy he's in a better place. Yeah. He's such a different person now. Shooting Teddy swims at the Grammys, like killing it. It's so funny though to think that time. And it's so wild too. Even in the video, I was just cooking everyone. Like the fact that there are actually like people who want that still to this day blow my mind. I get it Though because you like, it wasn't all bad. Like it really wasn't FaceTime.


Somebody should have intervened. I, when I tell you Like I actually mean that I was with Mon Son in the corner, like just making noises. Like our, our music process at the time literally would be me being like, huh. And then he'd be like, that sounded like you said let's go. And then like that would be how the words came about. Hmm. It's literally like hitting like random words. Yes. Like this melody can be those words. It's so wild. W the other day was you hit like, like I've never heard you like talk even that fast. 'cause I feel like sometimes you're not, you're not on a delay. But like at that time I was definitely on a delay. Well, you know, you talk fast, I guess you talk fast like on the podcast and in your videos and stuff.


But like if I were to try to get you to like read or recite something Yeah. Even from memory. Yeah. Like it was amazing to me how fast you were rapping. It was Like I was listening to Bad Baby herself. I don't want it to go on notice that I went with you to film the sequel to Hefner Hefner part two Hefner. Yeah, I was gonna do that. That's how I met Chris Miles. He was writing Hefner too. And I physically nice To know him And I sat with Tana in the Stew and it was a mess. It's, and it, it's just, it's brutal. It really is. Like, it was drugs though. It wasn't like, it wasn't, you were a mess, you would've slated. But it was so she had to do it syllable by syllable. Like, She couldn't say like Hefner, it was like she would have to record her over and over again saying Hef Hefner.


That's, it's just, It's wild to me. I can't believe it. I think that narcissism was the main drug that was the problem with all of this lack of people telling me no. And then just, yeah, it really was just a case of also being like dick fluent. Like I was fucking these musicians And I was Like, I am one now. You know what I mean? Of course. Yeah. And like that's, it taught me valuable. You don't always have to do what the person that you're into is doing, you know? And it's just, I don't know. I mean, I literally texted Mod the other day And I was like, it would be funny if we did just like cook up something and like played into this whole like lore. But I don't know. Please.


Because now, now in the state of mind, I feel like you could come out with some like Miley shit Like I Do, you know? I really don't know. I mean, even without you like the biggest shout out to mod forever for that song. I know people really love it. Like making that song was so, it's hard. It's really, really hard work. Like, I was like quite literally locked in a studio and that's how we ended up dating, you know? It's Like, I don't know, it's a whole thing. Although yeah, The voice isn't the problem. Like the music's not really the problem. I think it was just like, well I, I think now too, I have a lot more people in my life who will tell me if something is good or bad, you is good. I tell you Ari never would've let any of that happen, by the way. But it's hard because the checks were coming in.


That's, do you know what I mean? Like even just, even Amari was kind of his take on it was kinda like, well, I mean if she knows let her cook, Yeah. She clearly knows what she's doing. He did make a good point with that. Yeah. The confidence was crazy. Like I really, I had to get humbled a few times, But it's camp and it's part of your story and Like, I genuinely, I think you said it, but like it, it really did bring you where you are. I Agree. I wouldn't change it for the world. I think I walked so Alabama Parker Confront, in fact I think she started music because she saw you do it. Yeah, Yeah. No thanks. Skinny Jeans are back And I wanna die about it. And that's why that's actually what started my workout journey. Because the fact that you're afraid of a jean Tana, you're afraid of a pair of pants, wait Till you find out you don't actually have to wear them because they're bad.


Dude, Paige And I have this whole conversation too, where I'm just, I am literally a sheep to the trends and it is so bad because So am I if Alex is doing it like so am I, she's No, and it's Like I see her with the boot And I'm like, that is so, it's more so that I'm not prepared for them yet. You know, like she's eating and, but I'm Eating. So it's like the skinny jean movement does have me back in the gym because I wanna pop out in a pair of skinny jeans one time. I Fuck with skinny jeans, but I'm just, you know me, I built like an ice cream cone. I think I could see you slaying that though. Like with The boots. I just Like, I like a baggy jean. 'cause it off. Like I feel like it balances out my proportions a little. I guess that's fair. And I, I wonder if I'll ever get to a point in my life where I'm not a sheep to the current trends, but like even today I was, I was on a merch call and you were podcasting.


So I was pitching merch ideas for us and Like I went to have a few ideas And I was like, oh, we, we have to put leopard there. And then I was like, Ooh, dial it back. You know, Like I had to Yeah. 'cause that's how you get regret. That's, I had to, that's how you end up with as switch chops in your, in your fridge. Yes. In your closet. I'm starving. I'm really trying to build a capsule wardrobe and become more of a just, you know, have a, have a style that I'll love in in some years. Good. I say that with red glasses on my face and che On. No red glasses are timeless. It's fine. Also Leopard is timeless. That's true. Oh my God. I wanna talk about Joey gfa. Okay. And I'm not even kidding you, we have enough podcast to move over to the Patreon, but Like I, I specifically want to bring this to the front lines.


Yes. Okay. And maybe I'm gonna regret this and it'll end up getting clipped for the Patreon. We'll see. But I think I have been way too nice about how people act toward me when I talk about something bad that has happened to me at the hands of a man. And I made light of it And I was like, it didn't deeply bother me for me personally with the Cody Ko shit. I've already talked about that. Like with people being like, well it's Tana so she deserved it. You know what I mean? Like, that never bothered me so much for me because I'm healed And I don't need people's validation. But it bothered me so much thinking about my young fans out there who have maybe gone through something traumatic and then they see comments like that and then they're afraid to speak up in their own environments.


Yes. You know what I mean? Like, it just societally and it does, it, it, it doesn't hurt my feelings personally, but it does kind of make me angry because it's Like I have just the right to speak out about something as everyone, like anyone else does. Right. And I talked about my experience on Escape the Night with you on Patreon. And even that, Like I left it on the Patreon because I was Like, I am gonna talk about this because this was an awful experience with a man in Los Angeles that I had. And I think it's important to speak up about these things. And I really was so incredibly uncomfortable on that set due to those men. It has nothing to do with Joey. I went above and beyond as well to still say that. Like I love Escape the Night And I love Joey and it had nothing to do with him and so on and so forth.


Right. Like I, I think that I was very clear in separating the two things that I did not think what that man said to me. You know what I mean? Yeah. Was Joey's fault, however it still happened and whatever. And then he ends up breaking my pinky and it's like, that was just like a whole like very, very awful day. An awful experience for me. You know what I mean? And just being fucking fake chained up in a meat freezer and a guy is telling you completely off camera that he would love to have you chained up like this with a fucking mask with horns on and no people are a hundred feet away. And again, just the mental state of thinking like what if that was Rosanna Panino instead of me? What if that was just someone who didn't comment the guy back, what would have happened? My phone's on S Os.


It was a very scary, awful situation. And then Joey Cefa goes on, just Trish and says, And I quote, when Tana brought it up on her podcast, I was like, honestly, whatever. She can complain. It's bringing attention to the project. That's a real quote. That's a real quote. He said that, I'm just, Trish, that's like a really bold choice. And I Understand that. I'm always on a rant and a tangent. But once again, You know, it's you infuriating to me. No, you were so specific about like not making, it was you love him, it had nothing to do with him. It's not his fault. So at like, hello, normal response, Like I am, I am so upset and like, and sorry that that happened.


Complaining is crazy. And then almost like diminishing like the pinky thing. You know what I mean? Like, I dunno what he said to Trisha Exactly. If it was like, ask her how her pinky is. And it's like, okay, but this man who just like literally verbally is that sexual assault? It's harassment, sexual Harassment. This man who just sexually harassed me on a set then just like broke my pinky. Like that shit fucking hurts. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like that's so ass and so annoying. And then she, That's your pinky. And like Joey, I also have a podcast and you know, that when inviting me on And I would've never said anything. I would've never, you know what I mean, even brought it up until it came out, had that not happened, but like that fucking happened to me.


And once again, had that been so many young sweet YouTubers and influencer girls, I know that situation could have very easily gone so differently because they're not necessarily as outspoken of people as me. Even I found myself so afraid in this situation that I almost like Fawn to the man, you know? So it's like to write that off as just complaining is like so fucking crazy to me. But How can you even like, like interpret it as complaining? Like there's nothing, like, it's not like you were like, oh my God, And I hated being there and it sucked And I had the worst day. I mean, I was like bitching about being in downtown LA early in the morning, but that's for anything. Well That's not fair. Nobody wants to be in downtown. I and Also those two things are completely separate.


Like, you know what I mean? Like, it's Like I'm just very, at the point in my life, I think that I have grown so much as a person and I've also shown my growth so much online for people to then like, oh, it's just tana me over things that are fucking serious. Enrages me. Yeah. Now because it's like you didn't have to go say that you like, And I, I like loved Joey Gfa. I don't know, Like, I just like, it's like okay bet. It's just good to know, I guess like moving forward, no more escape the Night for Tana Marie And there it honestly, I should have just let it die where it died. And that's the thing too, I think why it's so infuriating to me because I was like doing it for my friend Joey and like for the fans who love it and I'm still happy for that and all, but it's Like, I don't know, I just, I wasn't expecting that to be what he had to say about that.


You know what I mean? Yeah. I feel like he had a really good opportunity to just be like, oh my god, like that it's so shitty that stuff happens and like, yeah, obviously Like I, yeah, Like just because it's not on him, it's on the production company, it's You what you feel or you should at least feel like some, you know, like if that happened like Responsibility On a project that I was working on, I would feel like, oh my God, like Yeah, I'm responsible. Yeah. And I'd, it's like, yeah, exactly. Like if I fucking had a girl with a podcast on my set and then she went to do that, I would be on the podcast the next week being like, yeah, men are awful and I'm really fucking sorry that happened to you. Right. Not she can fucking complain. All women do it. Okay. So I will not be escaping the night any further. And that's the tea.


Honestly, I just, I just don't think we're in an era where, because women, even just with Ava Luis, the way people are to her, I think her series like really opened my eyes on that. It's like, just because women have problematic past, even with Blake Lively in this shit, it's like two things can be true. You can not like someone or you can think someone's problematic and outspoken, but if someone's speaking up about something that happened to them, like that is, That's the whole thing. Like perfect victim. It's just sad. I don't know, I don't wanna end the podcast on like such a note, but Like, I didn't wanna put that behind a pay wall. No, I'm Glad you said it because It's like, okay Joey, like damn, are the girls fighting? Like that's, that's kind of wild, you know, I think The girl I'm fighting and It's like just everything I had to say about that as well, even down to people coming at me for saying that Rosanna Panino wasn't saying that she was smoking her parents' ashes.


It's like, where the fucking ever living? Fucking hell shit. Fuck. Do you people think I would get off making any of that up? Like it is such an out of bound story to make up, like in a meat freezer. Just a, just a little too specific like smoking the parents in the meat freezer. Like it's Like I, I'm creative, but like did she have anything to say about that? No. 'cause I think she did do it and like Roanna Pinos a sleigh. I wasn't coming at her like, that was just a funny, but then people were accusing me of making that up and I'm like, again, just where I, I wish you made it up. Yeah, it's just, yeah, it's, I don't even know. I really don't. But Thank you guys for tuning in to another episode of the Cancelled podcast. We love you so much. Bianca San please reach out.


Everybody go watch Baby Girl, honestly and Jack off after this. That's all I've gotta say. We love you guys so much and we will see you in the next episode of the Cancelled podcast. What Wow.