
Hello, hello And welcome back podcast. Welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast. Podcast. Wow. We're back in my living room, which is super easy to set up and it's no biggie. It takes so long to set up here. That's why we've been shooting at the studio. We see all of your guys' comments. To be honest with you, Aaron, close your ears. I'm happy to not be shooting in that studio. It's not Aaron's studio, he doesn't care. But it's Oscar's studio And I love them And I love the studio, but I swear I'm Long Island medium and somebody fucking died there. Well Also I think Cancelled is just n like we were never supposed to be in a studio. You know? I think it's Like as we're building a studio in my house. No, but that's different still like couch, like lax vibes. Yeah. Like we're not, I Agree. Even Paige today was saying that something about sitting on the gray couch or even your couch evokes a completely different podcast.


Like it's just 'cause we feel so much more comfortable, comfortable, duh. And we're just not studio girls. Like the things that come out of our mouth and then it's like leaving that studio. I'm like, no. Yeah, maybe that's why I feel so haunted At the end. Yeah. You know what, I'm so excited to podcast today. I feel like we have so much to talk about. I don't even like know where to start. Woo hoo. Where should, what's your favorite thing? Well, I think I should apologize to Tara's world. Okay. Okay. Because here's the thing, I love her And I don't know where I got off. Just like, Just like, Wait, where's this apology coming from? Like what? What is like, because I'm sitting there being like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm just sitting there being like, you couldn't waterboard that out of me.


Well okay, so you got clocked in the comments? No, I haven't seen the comments. What do they say? Well, I haven't seen the comments either thankfully. But I did see like a clip of it on TikTok and people were like, Tana having the nerve to say that like somebody else is a pygmy and not acknowledge like her past. Okay. So that's what I presumed they say. It's weird. I could just feel it. I swear I'm the Long Island medium. But like just after putting that out, I was really like, where do I get off? I mean obviously I just thought it was funny that she was like pissing with the ur, like the thing to be in the urinal and whatever. But I think I, I came at it with an air of judgment and the other day I was going through my closet And I came across these nata.


Are you familiar? No. These nocta puffers. They're But I'm sorry I have to gigle so bad. I came across these nocta puffers and it's like Drake's brand or it like was or whatever Rip And I had this, we have to talk about him in that. I feel broke shirt too, but I feel, bro, I remember I got these puffers and Like I think someone got me one as a gift and then I bought another one and it's like they're very much like for the bros and the guys who love Drake And I like, remember I bought one And I like was like, hunter, we have to do a whole photo shoot in this where I'm hot in this. And Like I remember like Zach Bia loved the shoot And I was like, oh my god, now I have to wear my nata puffer everywhere.


And I was Like, I wanted all of his friends to like want to date me at that time. And I would like be walking around Brooke, like the Michelin man, like big ass puffer. And I just saw them And I slowly moved them to my deep pop pile And I was like, God, I should apologize to Tara's world. It's like, Yeah, 'cause you know, just because you didn't do it exactly like her. I feel Like I try, I tried to make that point in the moment. I think the only reason I really can't come for her 'cause like obviously it's embarrassing. I see that video and I'm like, that's stupid. But also I have done so many things that she would probably even be ashamed of. Yeah. And it's Like I love her. She's such a little sweet girl And I feel like she gets so much unnecessary hate. And that's the last thing. I just thought the urinal thing was funny, but then it's like Tana, you almost got a face tattoo.


Yeah, a face Tattoo. That Was tough. Like You have become your environment that is male centered. Many a times the knocked, it just sent me Like, I really looked like a hype beast Michelin man. I was like getting rid of these big dunks with Jason Vorhees on the side, like the mask, like Jason Vorhees. And I was just like, you owe Tara's World like flowers. Like, I don't know. I really had a phase two though. You wouldn't believe some of the things because like you, you look at me now and it's like, okay, like she has four outfits. So basic like just a uniform that I wear all the time. But I was getting hooty with it for a second there too. Especially in like the beginning of our friendship when I was really just finding my, finding my footing out here in la. I was a hype beast.


I was emo, I was all the things same 100% same and All to impress whatever guy I was trying to impress at that time. And it's just like, yeah, I, I just owe her the biggest apology. Even now I'm really, I realized the other day just even as going through my closet, I was getting rid of things And I was like, oh my God. Like in this era I thought I was Kylie Jenner and in this era I thought I was Billie Eilish in this era I thought I was Kamala Harris. You know, like just like put the blazer down, right? Yeah. And it's like even now in this era of my life don't reflect with my current outfit, But I think I'm so Sophia Richie, I have a shirt he on and it's like, But anyways, I put on these big ass pants the other day, like a big men's thermal shirt And I was like, this is how I feel the most comfortable.


Yeah. In a fit like this. So then what does that make me? I like A like a boy outfit too. Yeah. That just makes you d I'm just trying to figure out my personal style. It's not deductible. Me Too. And I really struggle with it. But I think that that's just something that not everybody has. Like I think there's a lot of shame around like not having your own sense of like style. And I don't think there should be because maybe that's just not my thing. Just the same way as some people can't like fucking put a pen to paper and like write something beautiful. I cannot form a fucking good outfit. I Agree. It's like Isabella, we've always been besties and she's always like the things she wore in high school she could wear today. Like she's always known her style and like not really followed trends. Like not against them, just like if it was trendy and she liked it, she'd wear it. But like, so, and I'm so the opposite, like even like the skinny jeans, Like I see Alex Earl on these skinny jeans And I'm like, oh my god, I Don't wanna wear skinny Jeans.


It's like then don't. Yeah. Like why do you feel like you have to, you don't even like that. I don't know, but I so get it. But you know what, I think it's like, it's definitely like an area of your brain that's like, there's like an area of responsible because it's like the same way I, I can, I'm like, I'm not artistic but I have like, I'm able to paint well and draw well if I can. If I have a reference to copy. Nothing's coming straight from my brain At all. I couldn't agree more. So I'm the same way informing an outfit. Like I, I can see this and say, oh I like this, I don't like this. Like I have judgment that is mine but I can't formulate it in my head on my own. It doesn't naturally occur. I couldn't agree more. Speaking of judgment, you owe me the biggest apology.


What I do. Fuck. Okay, the boots. Go Ahead. I have to issue an apology to Tandem Marie Mojo because I made fun of her. The Attica boots and then you wore them all of tour and then I wore them All of tour. She might as well have told me like, Hey, kill yourself. I did not, I just said like every day she's like, and like this outfit and the Atco boots and every, you know, I was always kindly like, are you, are you sure about kindly you wore them yesterday And then she wore a pair of boots like them And I just felt so vindicated. We know the ones And I liked them. Yeah, those are actually different though. Oh because mine are flat and those have a heel. So maybe you still Say Yeah, those are the ones. Those are the ones. Wait, no, no, No, no, no, no, no.


Those aren't the ones. It's those but black and leather and Like I get it. I guess. I think it just reminds me of like a big like Yeti Boot. Yeah, no. And I don't know what it is 'cause I already have big, big stompers, right? Like I'm a, I'm nearing a women's size 10 these days and then I'm Like, I still need an Excel shoe. It's like fi fi full foam, you know, Maybe it like dwarfs your foot. Big shoe, small food. That's what I think. I think it's like, oh no, they're just tiny in here. They're not At all. That's like when I wear huge pants to show I don't have a butt, It's, it does kind of, I get it. The contrast. So we have a docket of things And I don't even know where we should begin. Alphabetic order Baby Drake wore it Made me feel broke on a t-shirt.


I thought when I first saw it, I thought it was fake. Is it you? Are we a hundred percent sure it's real? 100% sure it's real. Huh? Hilarious. Whoever in his circle was like, you should wear this shirt. Like the girlies are gonna love it. No, but why do I feel like it's him? Like he's just so like You think he's like online. Like I feel Like Drake like cream contours. I think Drake is too sensitive to be chronically online because he would be like me like just crying. Yeah. He's just don't can't you just Like, I feel like right now Drake is somewhere like putting a lush bath bomb in the tub. Hundred percent girl buffing his nails. It Just, and imagine being McKayla, it's like no one could tell me shit. It made me feel broke if Drake, but it really just is even just beyond the McKayla shit, it made me feel broke.


I can't stop with it this week. It just, I think it got taken outta context for sure. But also like girl, No. Fuck the context. What do you ever, well 'cause she was saying things that like, were like broke. She was like, oh and we couldn't afford groceries. But it's like, it's just that it made me feel broke. Like I feel broke is such a funny concept. 'cause it's like what? It's, you're either broke or you're not. Yeah, it just, it like was so funny to me. 'cause I'll forever, whenever I hear the sound relate it to an emotion from inside out, like just in the corner like can't get the meal. Like it's like What's the emotion broke? Yeah. Like, like that's what I like saying. It's a feeling is so funny to me and it's just like made me feel better. I don't know. I beat that. I beat the Anna Paul situation into the ground. Well now It's Mikayla versus Karenna.


Karenna got involved and now people are just like speculating Drake being a factor. Sometimes things move too fast for me to even understand what the fuck is going on. I think the internet is also so quick. I don't think I actually wanna say what I'm gonna say. Don't say it. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's always good to just not say what you wanna say. I was gonna say, sometimes everyone can have a truth, right? But Yeah. Like what? Yeah, you're Right. Like everyone can have both People or everyone in their own world believes that they are cracked. Yeah. And just like, maybe everyone has small truths in what they're saying but it's clear that McKayla is just like, right. So it's like shut up Tana.


I, I just think Anna needs to do a little more. Like I just want like, like like could she just give us the realty one time? Like break the character? Yeah. I want her to one time use that voice to tell us like something horrible. Like even just voice over your day. Go get your nails done and just, just spill it. You know? Like it can still be voiceover style but just say something I don't know I wanna talk about, well I wanna react to Ash Trevino talking about us. 'cause I guess she did but then I also don't wanna be a part of this problem that I keep saying. Maybe we'll do it on the Patreon. I think it could. I mean it's up to you but it's up to you. But I was really excited to show it to you. It's up To you. It's like kind of anticlimactic. Do you wanna see it?


I wanna react to a lot of things on the Patreon. Yeah. Maybe we just have a reaction episode. 'cause you saw her in the airport And I have to hear about that. First and Foremost I saw Ash Trevino at the airport and it was literally like, you know one of those things where it's like you literally can't believe your eyes. Like I felt like, you know when Dave Portnoy saw that guy with no arms outside the picture Shop, why? How was he pulling that? How is he pulling that? That's how I felt seeing Ash Trivio in the airport. So just walk me, I really like need like storytime level. Like walk me through every second. It was A cold winter night. BB And I had just shown up to the airport. We were flying to Chicago for our club appearance. Okay. We're rushing through the airport because of course we are not on time for our flight.


And as I'm rushing I see a mob of people coming at me except one person is smaller than the rest. Okay. And by smaller I mean shorter Would you say they were giving stocky. She was giving something. I Don't even know what stocky actually really means other than the man who's outside of my house right now with flowers. Anyway, I saw her shuffling across the little ground. No security guard in sight. That's important to note because you know how she goes on her rampage about how she can't travel anywhere without a security guard because people approach her too often. Ugh. But who am I really talking shit about? Because I got ready to approach her. In fact I chased her down the airport. But I was Like, I really had a coming to Like I was, I was sprinting honestly.


I'll insert a photo, you can see how fast my little legs are going behind Trevino. And then I came to And I was like, first of all, you've been talking shit about her online. Probably not a good idea to approach her because honestly I really mean it. She looks like she can get you at the knees. She looks like, you know what I mean? Like she just looks like fucking like scary and having nothing to do with her actual physical appearance but more so just her energy. Mean mugging, fake louisie bag on and all. Yes. And then also I was just like, what am I gonna do with like, what am I gonna do? Ask her for a photo. Like I don't wanna a photo with her. I wanna spit on her 100%. That's wild. It feels like we spoke that into existence 'cause it was like right after we very first podcast about her.


It was really, I'm not gonna lie, it was exciting and like not to ever like Ash Trivio sucks, but it was very much like, oh my god that I can't believe this. She doesn't live here. She feels like Afic fictional character. I 100% agree. She's giving like, what is it, huckleberry Finn probably like she's not, she's not real behind that phone. Like I just can't even, even just the rest of her body. Like when I first saw it at the Bob House, it's to see her in the wild. I would be like jarred for Sure. I saw a TikTok of her today talking about how she's not friends with her two friends anymore because she could not believe that they didn't take the fall for her when she like robbed a place and stole a bag. And she went to her friends and she was like, will you please just like take the blame for me? I'm, I'm in A-A-C-P-S battle right now.


And they were like, no sorry, we're in a custody battle. Why are you stealing a purse while you're, see I was gonna immediately like be like okay me in 2016, right Me in 2015. But then it's like the CPS battle brought me back to earth. Yeah. Oh I really wanna tell you what she says about you. I think I'm gonna crash out and I'm really trying to Not. Okay, we'll we'll save it. We'll save it. I'm trying not to just give her anymore like even this, it's like I'm fighting 'cause it's obviously like this is what we do, this is what we talk about. But it's just Like I trevino for prison. Ash Trevino for, Lemme stop. Solitary confinement. Yes.


I'm so excited to see the Fray in concert later this year, which is why I want to give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek including concerts, sports festivals and more. So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and SZA the weekend. Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live events like Billie Eilish and other fun concerts. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys, you can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


I'm on a diet. Okay. No and it's because I have two very naked things potentially coming up. Don't one for sure. One that I don't know like truly naked. Do you know what I mean? And it's like nothing crazy, you know, like crazy restriction. I'm just like really like can I know What they are? Yes. Well I can't, I can't put one of them in the thing. You already know one of them and then the other one is And I just, which One's? For sure, For Sure. That's so Fabulous. You'll you'll know when the when the other thing is for sure. But it's, both of them are very soon and I'm just Like, I wanna look my best for this obviously. And you know me with the Burger Kings, You Are fabulous. And the Big Macs and the, and we were even just talking about this in the past episode where I'm just Like, I wanna look my absolute best and I'm not gonna shortcut it with Majaro Ozempic 'cause I think it's bad.


So I'm really, for me, bad for me. I stopped it after that and now I'm like really trying to eat healthy and the other day I am on the way to the airport for KO's birthday trip. Speaking of seeing people in the airport. And I decide in the final minutes 'cause we're flying out of JSX, I'm like, okay, I'm gonna Uber eat some Starbucks food. And even in my head I'm like, this shit is 3D printed. Wait till you get there. It's so good. Have some kale. You know, like you're, you're being healthy. You don't need to do this. And I order that big old breakfast sandwich against everything. I am trying to, you know, follow right now. And I get to the airport And I check in and the very first person I see in line with me at JSX is Yolanda Hadid.


Okay. Aw. She said put it down Fatty Yolanda Hadid. I Cancelled my Uber Eats order. Somebody else got that sandwich that day. Aw it was crazy. It's funny too because she was like, she was just like sitting in the corner of the airport And I didn't notice her. Obviously Ari did you know Ari? Like he could smell Yoland. Yolanda. Yolanda diet like a drug dog. Okay. And he sees her and then I can tell she's kind of, 'cause we're like a group of like 20 people. Like it's all of KO's friends and my friends. So it's like a sight to be seen, you know. And just the crossover, the Mario s Sellman ex like straight Hawaii surfer boys And I could just tell she was kind of like casing everybody.


And then like Mario walks in fur coats so tiny and like she smiles And I was like, no shit. Like, You know, she was probably giddy. Yeah. And you know that just like made Mario's day. It was so wild. I didn't eat the breakfast sandwich but I forget where I Was going with that. Dieting is wrong. Well not no crash diet. No. Just like I'm eating a healthy diet. You shouldn't call it a diet. You're, you're adopting a lifestyle change. You're actually 100% right. That's literally all it is. And it's like even last night I was sitting there And I'm like, as soon as this is over I can't wait to have bull carbonara. And it's like, you know, you're changing your lifestyle. You Can have Bullock carbon. You have never looked up the stats.


Yes I did because for a second there I kept getting stomach ulcers. Yeah it's, it's nutty and it's just like that is the thing I'm just trying to, But I was so fabulous when I Was really, diet is the wrong word. I'm just trying to enact a healthier lifestyle with healthier eating habits and it's so hard today I had to break it for a business venture Honestly. So inspirational pickles aren't, Pickles are healthy, salty. I'm doing a pickle salty with, I mean yeah highend sodium but pickles themselves aren't bad. I'm doing a pickle collab with Kaylinn and Kaylinn and they're like my favorite company on planet earth and I'm sore. That's Exciting. So exciting. I'm so happy for you. And it's been years in the making. I've been like, me and the owner have just been friends for so long and trying to figure out when it can work and you know what will work.


But one of the things we're doing is at the Grove having pickle boats in the farmer's market. And so today I had to go try all of the pickle boat options and obviously I created these with my own mind. And there I am eating Chamoy Tahin Gushers and Taki on one hot chili sour cream Frito on another hot Cheetos queso on another. They're insane. But like That's so I'm bubbling the house especially 'cause I've been eating kale all week. My body was like, wait no. Yeah. Like what are, what's going on? Yeah. 100%. I am so excited though. Oh my god. I'm so excited for you. I can't wait to try 'em. It's so funny that you And I are both like working on things right now that are just so us. Like you have the cutest clothes for Coachella coming.


Can we? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. By the time this comes out, How exci it's they're so, I'm so excited. They're perfect. Excited. I can't to wear, I'm so excited for festival season two. Me and Tana literally planned our tor dates around it or I did anyway. No, 100%. We were like, we cannot be touring during Coachella. We have to go. But just like how funny, like cute Coachella clothes. Big pickle chili on top. Well with gushers. Like If you say it in that tone of voice That's true. I would love a pickle collab. We're Just, we're on brand. What's mine is yours and what's yours is mine. I'm gonna be wearing your collab and you're gonna be eating my pickles And it's gonna be, I'm trying to think of what do I even love as much as you love pickles cats. I would need a Cat Ramen collab bull dash.


That's true. What do you make Miles make you? What's it called? Bulgogi. Oh my god. I'm on like, I'm not kidding. I'm gonna have like an actual stroke. The amount of red meat that I eat is like so dangerous. I'm like, everyone's calling me beefy Brook. Like it's always kind of been a joke because by that time I ordered beefy five layer nachos. You do Love you some beef. Like even if I just say the word beef, like oh I'm in beef with someone. You'll literally to yourself go, okay, relax. I love beef. It's my favorite food beef in every single in all of its states. Like I'm, I'm always having like little fiesta taco bowls. No I need that. I would, I would love to just have ground beef and and marinara sauce every night for dinner.


You are That USDA cow but just wake cuter. Yes. But right now I'm in beef bulgogi. Wait, I'm sorry we have to stop or I'm gonna order something. And back at square one, I've already had enough talkies for a small beef. Bring me beef on tour. That's insane. Bring me nothing. Bring me nothing but your love and your adoration. My mouth is Full. I'm joking. I love beef. Speaking of beef, who's beefing? Bethany Frankl and Lashay. Have you been seeing this? No. Well I actually, I don't know all the details. I just love Bethany Frankl And I want to talk about her 'cause I just love her. I love her too. She's so inspirational and Rich And I'm gonna like probably cut corners on this Like I really don't know every single detail but I guess some company sent her lashes and she was talking about them.


I don't know if it, she was talking about the competitor or the actual lash or talking about the lash and then talking about how it's similar to a competitor. I don't know what it is. But the CEO of Lashy who is very much this like Donatella Versace woman threatens the shit outta Bethany Frankl via dm, Threatened Bethany Frankl And Bethany Frankl is cooking this woman online and then the woman's on live getting drunk, like trying to apologize. And it's Like, I feel like that has gotta be business basics 1 0 1. Like don't stand in the kitchen if you can't take the fire. Like The last person you come for I think is like somebody like Bethany Frankel who is just so rambunctious and like she just is not afraid to say what she thinks. Also Just threatening legal, they, she threatened legal action against Bethany Frankl.


If my options were like threaten legal action against Bethany Frankl or jump off this balcony like I'm sure be jumping every time flying, flying in. She is the legal battle. Like Yeah, she's too smart. She, she knows like every in and out, especially because she's just such a smart like business woman. And I guarantee at least a thousand people have tried to threaten her with legal action in the, in the past. And It's like she created the Bethany Clause like on the, on reality television. Like just like before Bethany Frankel most reality television networks like Bravo and Ian, whatever, whenever they would have people on their shows, they would say, you're signing with us and like if you ever come out with a product or a brand, you have to give us XX percent of your product or your brand.


And she said fuck no. Like I'll walk. And that created the Bethany Clause like that. Like I love that She's so smart with all her skinny girl everything. Yeah. And then exactly Skinny Girl ended up being huge and she's like thank fucking God I didn't do that. Like imagine just being the CEO of Lash fify and waking up and opening your computer like that is so stupid. Oh that's your bad. People are telling me I'm gonna get sued by Trevino if I keep yapping. But I feel like Bethany in that situation with What capital? She's lashy and I'm Bethany. Honestly, I'm not scared. She's so funny. Wait, speaking of reality television, I need to talk to you about something I, And I thought for a second that you had turned down being on Traitors but you, you clarified that it was How civilian? How civilian And I honestly regret that More than anything on this planet.


Okay. Actually second, you are the person I want to see on Traitors second most out of any person in this entire planet. And first me, I want us to go on honestly together. Let's Do it. I don't think they would allow it 'cause it's kind of a conflict of interest but it's so fascinating. I know you just started it. I just started it And I fell asleep. So I really don't know. And I've been meaning to watch it. I just Like, I didn't know it was kind of challenging and like Survivor. Like I thought McCowell wouldn't like it so I was putting it off. So do tell. No, it's just so, well obviously I'm, you know, I love the challenge. I love Survivor, I love Big Brothers. So I just like, honestly I was running out of shows to watch 'cause I've flown through all those seasons And I saw that Traders was out And I saw that Gabby was on it.


Gabby, Wendy, who's like good friend of mine And I just Like, I am obsessed with her and she's so funny. I saw she was on The Bachelor and then she was the Bachelorette. Oh Shit. And she's just like so ty and hilarious. What is the objective? Like I just know it's like Tom Sandoval fighting for his life, which is crazy. It's Essentially like a murder mystery except, so there's, you start out with like 23 people. I don't, I'm not sure if it's 23 or 24. It's giving who done it? Yeah, you set, you all sit at a round table and they go around and they tap you on the shoulder and if you, they tap you on a shoulder, you're a traitor. And everybody else is a faithful. And if you're a faithful, like, I mean you're a Faithful Oh I heard that last night And I was like, Tom Sandoval has never been faithful but Yeah right.


But everybody is supposed to pretend they're unfaithful and like you're trying, you're trying to convince everybody that you're faithful and most people are. But then if you're a traitor, like you have to like try to get other people to point fingers at each other and it's a lot of lying and deception and it's so exciting and fascinating and fabulous. But everybody who comes in, not everybody, but most people are from like other shows, they have people from the Challenge. They have people from Bravo Survivor Yeah. Housewives. And it's so good. Wow. I actually would love that. I did see them like doing a kayak for a second then I was like, ooh, this might not be for Me. But there are some physical challenges but most people are not like physically able or like super, I'm a good yeller too.


Like I could just be like, I'll be the yeller. You Could be a yeller. Yeah. And I don't know, Gabby's like really blowing up though from it. And I'm loving. 'cause people just love like she's so funny. We should have Her on and hear About it. I wanna have her on more than anything on the planet. Let's do it. She's just like, she's naturally everything that comes to her mind. You're like, how did you think of That? I do. First Tricia, now you, everyone's like, you need to watch traitors tonight. I will lock in. I really will. 'cause I wanna see it And I just, I love Chelle. I always have. I've been her biggest fan, you know, I shit myself in front of her and that was the worst moment of my life. She Doesn't remember that. Did I tell you? Oh my God, he's literally real. He has risen. Did I tell you I ran into her. So I ran into her At the Gladiator or Yeah, the gladiator premiere. And she called me over, we were talking to each other And I was like, you know, it's so funny.


I just got off tour and we had a whole bit about you in our show. Yeah. And she goes, what? Like what do you mean? She goes, I go, yeah, like Tana has like a whole storytime about how like she was shitting herself and like you were in the bathroom and like she was so embarrassed. She was so embarrassed because like eight Layers of skims on waist trainer out ass shape wear out nipple. And she just looked at me Like, I have no idea what you're talking about. I mean, yeah, it didn't seem like it was like a pivotal moment for her. It was just one of those ones for me where it was like, oh my god, I I have to crawl in a hole. It's One of those like having like a celebrity interaction where like you're like, oh my God, they're gonna think about this brother. And then Yeah, they're not Yeah. At all. No, but like my tits were out like, you know what I mean? Like it really like, But for you it, you Felt broke, exposed and just all of the things, it was just, it was so, so bad And oh my god, that's another reason why I'm eating healthier.


Just 'cause the pooping. I don't, I was gonna tell you about some pooping, but I want no pooping, no pooping hair. That's our 2025 goal. Speaking of Poo. No, no Dad, Did you see Blake Lively on SNL That I'm sorry I've had a long day and I'm really tired. Like I'm in a weird Mood. That transition was gold. I did see Blake Lively on SN L and really it was Ryan Reynolds on Sn l Blake Lively. Just going, I feel like society is almost just transitioning into being smarter than traditional pr. Do you know what I mean? Like that would've like gotten everyone 10 years ago and like now it's just like stop.


Like why are you doing That? This is so hard. 'cause there's just too, there's, we have access to everything so it's too easy to form like a true opinion. I don't know. But a, I saw a lot of people saying like, oh my God, there's like, you can tell Blake had no idea that was gonna happen. And I'm like, you guys, there's SNL is so, so so planned And like, you know, that Was happen Happening. Like they were begging the PR teams to let that happen. Yeah. They were probably like, this is going to, this is gonna be a hit. It's so wild how like once people make it to a certain caliber of traditional media in Hollywood that Like they just transcend like Yeah. Like it doesn't matter. Like they can just come on SNL like it, you know, Like SNL's just like okay Sly. Yeah. That is interesting.


I guess Justin Baldoni is never gonna be a guest on SNL. Yeah. Which is just wild. Like, just like so wild. I'm excited. Did you excited to see how that pans out? Did you? I'm sorry? Did you watch the 50th anniversary? The SNLI Watched a lot of clips of it. Me Too. I haven't seen the full thing, but I'm so excited too. I know. I really, really want to. It was just amazing. You know what else I loved last night so much or maybe not last night. Could have been last week. I don't fucking Know Timothy Chalamet speech. Yes, It God, I'm so good. You Honestly ate down with that Long Island mediums. We're Long Island Smalls, Extra Smalls. I'm so Stupid. I'm gonna get cooked. Pick me, pick me bitch.


I think people just never do that. And I'm, I'm really just day by day becoming the biggest Timothy Chalamet stand Absolutely. Ever. And it's like, I'm not fully there yet. I need to see everything he's done. Like I'm still, I'm, but I'm in that amazing stage where you're like becoming a super fan of someone and a complete unknown did that for me. Like it was just, have you seen it yet? I haven't seen it yet too. It's, It was so good. And like it Takes one thing though to make you just like, It's exactly that and like, and then finding out he just dedicated five years of his life to the role. I think he's so like elusive, like just like his relationship with Kylie, how you don't know everything. Whereas with anyone else you would Like, I just love him. And then that speech, I think it's so cool.


I mean everyone has said this, this, I don't wanna have the same take as like everyone on TikTok, but it has become like corny to say Like, I worked so fucking hard for this And I want to be great. And I, you know, it is, Everyone wants to seem like the most humble person And I, I can't believe this is happening to me. I don't deserve it. I love to see someone get up there and be like, it's about time. Jeez. It was just so cool. Even just like his interest in Viola Davis. Like just say that is so, I like it just Like, I don't know, it just like all made me so happy and Like I want him to win the Oscar so bad for it. Like, to me it was an Oscar winning performance. I, it's so Crazy how many, I've seen so many. Or like the stats on how many awards he's been nominated for versus how many he's won. And that like blows me away.


He, you would think he'd have like so many accolades and That's his whole bit like on SNL right? That he just like gets nominated and nominated And I just feel like it's gonna be his year and Like I want it so bad. He just like, there's something about him. I, I love people like that. Like even obviously, you know my Pete era, I don't want to go to He took his tattoos off. I know. I was gonna say the like loving the person that just feels like they're your friend. Like the guy next door, like getting the success. But yeah, I mean we all knew he was gonna do it or maybe just me because I'm so creepy. Yeah, same. Yeah. Did you I miss them. I, IM always gonna prefer the, I'll Let him do whatever makes him happy. The fucking, what's it called?


Stick and poke, the people's names. The all of it. I love when people, it's crazy. Yeah. I do love him both ways. It's crazy that technology is just like that good that they're actually like fucking gone like that. I just like can't believe it doesn't scar. I guess it just doesn't really make sense to me. But like The, like the big black keyhole though, Like I can see why he was like, eh, maybe I don't want this anymore. Well You have to wonder what he covered that. Like what, what that was Covering up. How painful too. How painful. Imagine I like keep going in to get my little young af on my ass on and it's like, it's so hot. It's so wild how removing something hurts so much more than like removing tattoos hurts so much more than getting it. I removed some filler yesterday And I was like, oh my god.


The most painful thing you could possibly do Because they're injecting like an acid essentially that that burns, That melts it, That melts away at the filler. And it was the craziest, it's crazy. I was just sitting there and it was Like, I was explaining to McCowell like this is nine years of cheek filler that has now migrated probably to my knees and I'm, you know, reworking it and getting it all gone and shit. And it was so fucking painful. But I'm excited I'm, that was my first ever, I've never removed anything really. Like I've never dissolved filler. I've never, That actually surprises me. 'cause sometimes I see like videos of us and like, I'm like, Wow, we were my lips. My lips were like, But I don't ever look at you and think you're like overfilled at All.


I'm in Los Angeles and my lips were in San Francisco. Yeah. What? From A minute of my life. And then I never dissolved them. So it's like, is that in my earlobe now? You know, like where did it go? Maybe, but We don't have like migration either. My lips, when I dissolved them, I literally, it felt like somebody took my lips, stuck 'em on a frying pan, held me there for a minute and then took me away. That's 100. And she put the, she put the cannula here and then went up to here at Here. At least cannula. You know, they did no cannula for me. They just did individual injections for every single one. I was like, do you want me To die? I wonder if that's because mine was face, not lip by. Wonder if it's different. I don't know. It was crazy though. And I thought it was gonna be cheap for some reason. And then $1,200 later I regret my nine years of filler. Have you ever gone in for something? I saw someone just make a TikTok about this but like, as a collab and they like don't like specify the details and you like, think you're getting something and then you end up still having to pay a lot of money.


Definitely. I don't know like when and where but like for sure, oh I just saw it happen to somebody And I'm like, that's happened to me a few times and then you were just like, I'm just too embarrassed to say anything. So I'll just like, That's like, did you see like all the influencers up in arms when like they found out 'cause it changed, the laws changed like how they had to pay taxes on gifted clothes. Yeah. And Like I, I just can't even imagine how many influencers were probably like getting gifted all this revolve shit and then they had to pay like $10,000 in taxes on it at the end of the year. And it's like, wait, what happened to me? You know what else they just law wise, money-wise, influencer wise, it's just like came to my mind. The kids I'm so fucking happy but also so alarmed. They just, and I'm probably gonna get this wrong, do your research, it's the Cancelled podcast, sorry in advance change the law in California to where families whose children are the primary entertainer in their content.


So like children's content, family content, they now have to put that money into a trust for the child. And I'm, you're seeing all of these family vloggers move out of California. You want to put your kid to dance monkey work so badly that you're gonna move out of California. Say her name, what's Her Name? Brittany Xavier. She did that? Yeah. And like she said, she says she didn't but then she's like yeah and my old, my oldest daughter is staying behind 'cause she doesn't wanna move for her senior year, but like we just have to get outta here. And then she says because because she had toxic mold in her house. Okay. She was Like, I have to move.


I have toxic mold. Okay. I'm not just down the street when your kid's still in school. No But listen, this is, this is the funniest part. She goes, I have toxic mold, I have to move. It has nothing to do with the child laws. And then someone goes, what are you gonna do with your house? You just got it. And she goes, I'm selling it to somebody who lost their house in the fires. I go with toxic mold. Have they not been through enough? Oh my god. It's, I think my new bit really is just like actively really vocalizing how much I fucking hate these awful parents online. Yeah. Like obviously TikTok has given us a whole new realm of seeing so much more and so many people are getting caught now, like the Ruby Franks of the world and it's great. There's a Documentary coming out about it And I, I can't wait to see it.


I mean it's just like, it's wild moving out of California for that. It's, I just can't imagine, imagine how you would feel if your child just wanted to watch Paw Patrol and hang out with their friends all day and you're like, hold on, it's time for the Boo basket trend. And like they're probably crying now and again. 'cause children are emotional. You're forcing them to do it anyways. We saw the moms, you know, the Ruby Franks and the ones and so many other moms that are like, okay, cry for the thumbnail. Like you're fucking putting your kid to Shirley Temple work. You're gonna move out of California. Why would you want them to have that money? And it's always been a thing, you know what I mean? The Jeanette McCarty's mom of the world. I've seen it with a lot of like people I know who were like Disney stars and shit, but it's like never not mind blowing.


It's crazy. It's horrible. But I kind of love it 'cause I Like I'm, I'm just weird about people posting their kids anyway. Ever since that little girl, I forget her name, but she was the really cute one. And I think it's funny, I was talking about this with Ari like yesterday, but it's Like I see Trisha and I'm like that's so amazing. Like post your kids. But that's not the center of her content. Exactly. You know what mean? I mean like her kids are a, an accessory to her content 100% Way around. That's the only way It's okay to me. I just, I understand documenting your life, but it's Like, I just get concerned when the kids are in the content every single day because kids don't wanna do that every single day. Yes there are some like the little girl who does her interviews and stuff. But you know, it's Like, I don't know, I just don't love it.


I don't love it. And I just, as I get older and older too, I'm just like how like that's a kid, you know? I know it's, it's Hard. I came up but it gave me it. This is actually so sad. I don't know if I need to like do all this on Cancelled 'cause I need to make a YouTube video about it anyways. What Is it? Well, so the other day for some reason I decided one night Mako had fallen asleep. He's been going to bed so early. It's the bane of my existence. 'cause then I just sit there And I like don't know what to do with my hands for hours. And I was going through my camera roll And I like very much, and I've always told you this, Like I just, I pretend every version of me, except for this current one does not exist.


Like you even know, reacting to my music was so hard for me. Like I've never watched, it's funny, the toothbrush, I've never seen my MTV show And I take that as far as Like I don't even go through my camera roll Like I never have. And now obviously I've been trying to kind of exposure therapy myself into my own life. Like just like for the book, just to remember things and whatever. And I was going through my camera roll in, I, I was like 17 so it was me dating summer Hollingsworth And I was watching all these vlog clips and even just, even just seeing that was so wild to me. Like how much I wanted him to like love me and be nice and obviously, you know, I struggled with that for like many years after dating men who literally hated me can admit I was going through that.


And then just, even just me and Jordan like seeing me at like 16 and Jordan Morone is my best friend and he looked so young. It was all just like so interesting to me. And then I come across these vlog clips of me going home to my grandma's house in Texas And I was like 17 And I don't remember this at all. And you know, I've talked about it on H three, how I say I have no baby photos and it's like the worst part about me going no contact. 'cause it's like just so sad. I'm Like, I want baby photos. And I found these like 30 minute vlog clips of me going through all these photos of me as a baby. Wait, yay. And like how exciting is that? It was like awesome. But it was like, it was just so sad.


'cause I was like finding all these photos of my mom on like her wedding day and like I'd never seen a photo of my dad looking like a normal human and like young and like, he just looked like such a regular guy. Like on the street, like a normal Like I don't wanna say handsome 'cause it's weird, but like you Can say handsome. And it was like them and Cabo when they were like probably like 30 and they were just like smiling and he looked so normal And I was like, oh my god, how sad. Like she was just a girl and it just like put me down this whole like super sad rabbit hole. But I found some baby photos. Well that's good. I I have the same, like a similar issue where I haven't seen really much of anything either. But it is like when you do see something it's so Like I get emotional about it anyway.


Like we, the last episode when I talked about my younger self thing, which by the way I did do my homework, but like, what the fuck? It just like for some reason makes me really sad to even look back on stuff like that. 'cause I am, I'm like so sensitive about like having been younger and stuff and like Same, you know, so much same. And even just in the clips, my mom was like in the background talking to me and like being so nice and like we were like laughing and then seeing these photos of her on her wedding day and just thinking like, damn, she just wanted to get it right too. And then I like, and that's a hard thing with no contact too. I'm sure. You know, it's like you remember the like, or like for me at least, I don't really remember them, but Like I see a video of it, like these good memories and it's like, oh that sucks. That like, there were good moments.


Yeah. You know, it's just like a talk, like any toxic relationship, of course you're gonna remember like so much of the The Good, like the good and it's, it's so sad. But it's also Like, I don't know, I see a lot of people talk about how like it's your fair parents' first time living to like, you have to think about that. But then, you know, the rebuttal to that is like, okay, well they also had, you know, however many years on us, like in all this time to learn what to do and what not to do and they chose not to do it. So, And I Think I've sat so heavily with that, that I almost block out the good. Like I just Like, I don't really remember the good moments. Like the badge just overshadows it so much. So then like seeing, you know what I mean? Just photos of me like a little, there was like this photo of us on Christmas morning and she had on like sunglasses and a robe And I was like, that's so something I would do now.


Like if I had a kid it'd be early And I would do that And I just Like, I can't even all cry but like, it just made me so sad. And then I saw this TikTok too triple whammy after where I open up and it was like, if you could go with a time machine and tell your mom one thing, what would you do? And I realized I would tell her not to have me. No. And it made me not because of anything to do with me, like for her, like those two things can still exist. Like I appreciate my life but like all she wanted was a kid and she couldn't get it right. And like the mental health and Like, I feel like that's why she like stayed with my dad and shit. You know? It just made me so sad. I was like, how can those two things be true? You know, that Like I needed a mom and like, you know what I mean?


Like of course obviously I wanna be here And I love my life, but if I could tell her one thing it would be like girl run. You know? Yeah. I understand. I don't know. I'm happy you're here, but, but I'm happy I'm here. I don't, I don't mean that, it's like a separate thing, you know? No, I Know what you're saying. Like just like for her sake And I feel like it, like maybe her life would've turned out like completely differently. She would've probably, you know, not been in that relationship or whatever. But Yeah. Or like stayed as hard. I don't even know. It's just wild to think. Like I Always think about it. Like I get, I feel like guilt, you already know how much like guilt I have around that. But I think about like, because I have so many mental problems when I think about my mom's mental problems, I'm Like, I can't imagine having also had like being in that situation or like how I feel like the prison in my brain, but then also having three kids and no money, you know?


So I'm like, God, like awful man. She really like, what was she to do? Like of course she was gonna do a bad job, but like Yeah. And it's, it's so true. And I've accepted that too. I think it's crazy too. My parents were born in 1953 and 1959. So crazy. So their generation was also so anti mental health, you know? Yeah. It's Old Fashioned. Especially my dad. Like going to the war and then coming back and like all of that like, just like That's So interesting. 'cause my grandpa and your dad were in the same war. That's so wild. No, Vietnam, I wonder. Yeah, I wonder if they knew each other. Probably not, But I wonder. But it's just like, and then I'm imagining being with a man who's so anti mental health and you're like isolated and just all the things, I don't know, it's just like so wild.


She texted me the other day too And I was just like, oh, it's so Like I just battle so hard with like how differently would I feel if she were to die? You know, how different, like would I wish I said or did anything else? And I always just come to the conclusion of like, no, you know, and that there's nothing more or less I could do. And yeah, it would just make me even sadder. But it's like for Right now too, and like things change day to day if you never wanna talk to her again. That could be true. But that also, like you could in a year be like, you know what? I am ready to, And it's not even like holding anger to the point that I don't wanna talk to her. It's just like choosing Peace. I feel You never knew me and you don't know me, and it's, you know what I mean?


And how much of it would be for you? And I don't even know just like whole, This whole, no, I know what you mean. It, it's frustrating too to feel like, at least in my instance, like my family feels very entitled to like, know things about me and have contact with me and stuff. And I get frustrated. 'cause I'm like, for what? Like what did you do to deserve any of that? You know what I mean? Yeah. And it's just like wishing, obviously I feel Like I'm just always talking about the pros of no contact and it's like, I'm so grateful for it. It changed my life. But it is undeniable that there's forever like a hole in a void in my heart. And like, it's sad, you know? And it's like even just Like I got this crazy opportunity, the one I'm dieting for. And even just like on our last night of tour, Like I, I went back to my hotel room And I cried 'cause it was Like, I fucking wish I had, you know, a mom and a dad who were awesome to like Share it with.


Yeah. Yeah. Like even just when crazy things happen, it's just like so wild. And I don't feel Like I vocalize the rollercoaster of what No contact is enough. I'm always just like, it's the best thing that ever happened. And it is, but it's also like, damn. No, it's hard. You inspired me with it obviously. 'cause I was Like, I was so opposed to it for so long. 'cause I have so much guilt around it. Mm, me too. And I did it And I was successful in it for a long time, but I have recently relapsed. No. And it's like, because of the hope you, you relapse because you have hope, you know? Yeah. And I think my hope just got shut down so many times that I, I had to give up. But then even now it's Like I, you'll have that like random glimpse of the hope and even watching myself go through the baby photos and like vlog it, like 17-year-old me.


That was the difference with like, there were so many differences in our personalities, right. And the things that we were saying. But one of the things that I think was just so prevalent was you could hear the hope I had in my voice. Like, and the hope I had that it would like all work out in a way that I thought it would, it did all work out. But I didn't ever think they would just be outta my life, you know? And it's like you Hadn't quite like given up on it yet. Yeah. And it's just Like, I had to, you know. But Yeah, I, I will say like when you do invite like anyone back in like that, you're just like setting yourself up. And at least, I mean, for me, you would set yourself up for disappointment after disappointment after disappointment. 'cause it's like, imagine you go through all of that. You make this like really big and bold decision to like finally like reach out in Olive Branch.


And then it's like the same thing. And that's what I deal with all the time. I'm like, oh my God. Like what did I do? I just, yeah. I think it would be like opening a huge can of worms of like sadness, you know? Because even if it's not like, even if it's good, I think it would still be sad to be like, you're a stranger. And like, you know what I mean? Just like, And I always was like her parent almost Like I had to, you know, insert myself in that role at a very young age. I was not only my own parent, but that's how it felt with her. So it's Like I, I'm assuming it would still feel the same way if she's still in a similar situation. And she's just like, it's Interesting to feel like you, you don't know your parent hardly at all. But like, since they like, you know, brought you into the world and like gave birth to you, they feel so like, like at least my parents feel like they are so my parents and they know everything about me and stuff.


And I Like, I, I'm, I'm like literally who That's, that was like, where do You get off? Exactly. That's, that was why I went no contact because I was just like, you don't know me and you never have and you never will. You know what I mean? And it's like, but then it's just so sad too. 'cause it's like, my mom was just such a weird case I guess because it was like she wanted a kid super bad. They tried for kids. She had six miscarriages. A bunch of shit went down. I'll talk about it in my book. But I was their seventh try. And it was like, wow, that's all she wanted was like a baby girl. And then just couldn't. So it's even, it's so sad to me 'cause it's Like, I know that's still what you want, but you couldn't so hard that you like heavily fucked me up, you know?


Ugh. I don't know. Yeah. It's just sad. It's sad. So obviously it's where the entitlement comes from. 'cause it's like, you did, you wanted me so bad, but then it's like the second I popped out. Yeah. What if like Murphy just wanted to go outside one day and never talk to me again. I'd fucking Yeah. I'd show up at her poker tournament. Exactly. And it's like, ugh. But, and it's just so sad. But it's Like I get the Same time And I don't think, you always tell me, but I don't think you should feel guilty at, at all about that. And I Don't. And I just feel sad for her, if that makes sense. Yeah. And you could, two things can be true at the same time. Exactly. You, you told me that literally exactly. That like, you can feel bad for her and have empathy and like sympathy for her situation and what she went through. 'cause obviously she wanted a baby so bad and she wanted that life and she couldn't get outta the relationship that she was in.


And stuff like that can be true. But you also don't have to subject yourself. Yeah. And I think accountability was the biggest thing with me and with them. I don't think they ever took it. And obviously that's narcissism, you know what I mean? And duh. But you know, I think everything would be different if they were able and I'm, I'm aware that they're sick and they can't possess it. So it's not like I'm yearning for that or angry that they don't Yeah. Like you've accepted it's not coming. Yes. But that's, yeah. Yeah. It's just like there's no accountability. And even now it's like, yeah, I guess there always will be a part of me that's Like, I appreciate your apology And I do forgive you, but, or whatever. But like, you know, Yeah. You don't wanna have bad blood. It's not like you just Can't come back and say, sorry I fucking fucked you up and fucked with you and was awful to you.


Like, you know, and just like royally Like, yeah, you gotta live with it forever Because I do. And it's not like that I'm punishing. It's just like, unfortunately there was never really a space for them in my life, unfortunately. I don't know. Yeah. And I guess it's like my biggest takeaway was like the other night I kind of was like talking myself off a ledge. 'cause I really did just like sob myself to sleep when Nicole was sleeping. And I was just like, my biggest takeaway I guess now is that it's great that this generation is so much more vocal about how people shouldn't have kids and people. 'cause even just her generation was very much like the woman stays home and has the kids and has to and whatever. Like I'm happy that people can think twice.


You know? And even that this has evoked all of that in me to like think about who I'm gonna be as a parent, not just that I need a kid. Yeah. And who you have a kid with too is so important. Chelsea Handler had a funny bit about it where she was literally like, like, I'm not gonna have a kid because I would be a bad parent. Yeah. And she, she's hilarious about it. If I watch too much Chelsea handler talking about not wanting a kid, I'll like swing that way. 'cause it is like, she so eats no notes. Like she eats no notes. I look at lives like her 'cause I've always, always wanted kids. I've never pictured my life without kids. I want kids so badly. But all the people who I look up to the most in life do not have kids. I know. So that's kind of like a weird, or like the Whitney's of the world.


Like Whitney, you just Read my mind. Yeah. See she's inspirational to me, but it's like she got all that outta the way and Like, I don't know if I want to be Like, I don't know if I wanna wait that long, but it's like, am I like throwing a wrench in all my plans if I were to have a kid? Soon I'm realizing that I'm gonna be a little bit of an older parent now. Just as Like, I love, I loved having like you had older parents. I had my grandparents, but I loved that they were older And I didn't, I mean, I guess I didn't carry either way. I just loved them so much. So it didn't matter that they were older. Yeah. But then even just like with Amari's family taking me in, Deborah and Ira are so much younger. She had Amari when she was Young. Like a teenager, right? Yeah. Or like 20 or something. Wow.


I don't, I mean she's, she's young now and it's so cool to me that like, you know what I mean? That she, but We're already past that. That she like gets it. Yeah. I guess that's true. That is really fucking true. It's just like, oh my God, I I wanna be the parent who gets it because my, my parents just obviously did not fucking get it at all. And like, yeah, But you could still be a fun cool parent. Like Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I guess that's just about caring. Yeah. Don't really age. It's so funny 'cause we'll really have a conversation like that and then it's like, okay, back to Alabama Barker and bad baby. Honestly, they just need a hug from their mom, you know? So shit, it all ties in. I took Mako on a birthday trip. Yay. And it was cute. It was really cute. Honestly. It was so funny.


Just like, we've never done a trip, like imagine our Turks and Caicos trip, but then like eight normal straight men are also there. And it was just like the crossovers Like, I wish, yeah. Honestly, but like the crossovers were just so crazy. Like seeing Mario s Sellman acts like get her, you know, like Mc Mcco was like, it just like was so funny. I, when he told me he wanted, because I essentially it came about 'cause Like I bring Mcco everywhere with me and like sometimes there are those moments where like, we're all blasting Pink Pony Club and people are spilling shit and someone has a feather boa on and nine tiktoks are being made. And I just panned to koa you know, chilling on the couch and I'm like, like, sorry.


You know what I mean? And I was like, and he's so the type where he wants nothing for his birthday, even like convincing him to let me do this was like a whole thing. Like, aw, he doesn't ever want me to spend a dollar, like do anything. But I really like out of my heart wanted to. Of course. Yeah. We took, I was like, where do you wanna go? And he was Like, I wanna go to the snow. And just like a part of me died because I really Like, are you sure? No. And I was pitching everywhere else too. I was like, what about Cabo? And like he just, he was like, well, I mean, yeah, I just really, we never go to the snow. Let's go to the snow babe. Let's make snow angels like, oh my God. And I'm like, obviously this is what you want for your birthday, so we're gonna do it. But like a part of me truly died. I fucking hate the snow.


Why do people like The snow? I don't know. It's cold, it's wet and everybody gets hurt And like 17 layers. How do I, it's Beautiful from the window. How do I have swamp ass from my eight layers of thermals? But then my fingers are blue. You hit the nail on the head with that one. The worst part about being in the cold is why am I like the second you walk in somewhere and you go from being frigid to all of a sudden just a wave of heat because you had literally 17 coats on gloves, hat beanie glasses. And it's like, oh, I need my snoo. What the fuck? Who's Snooted? Like, you know what? Just like the, the parkas, the mittens, the, the layers. I just, I can't do it. And then I obviously every single person on this trip is like, Tana, you gotta come shred one day, one of these days.


I know better. Even the girls in the gaze, like, you're gonna love it. Like, just come, you'll, you'll love the lift in the lodge and then you can do a bunny hill. And it's Like, I am, if I get hurt doing that, it's just like the, the risk and the reward with that is not there for me. Like I keep trying surfing 'cause it's Like I would enjoy that. I like the water. I like being in a bikini. The, the reward of catching a wave. You like I'm not doing that. I'm not wearing 90 layers and then sitting in wall sit position. Yeah. And then snapping your collarbone. Yeah. And like all my, I would be like, you'd actually have to 51 50 me and it just like, oh my god, it was so brutal. But it was a great trip. I had no idea how expensive Tahoe was to Maco too was like, Yeah, the snow in general like everywhere is, is you don't understand.


It's like skiing and snowboarding is a major like rich people Sport. The thing, the trip itself, we could have been in Cabo for two weeks and even when I was like, no, we have to do Tahoe. Like the Kardashians do Tahoe like Tahoe. So everyone goes there. McCall was like, we can do big bear, we can do mammoth. Those are the, that they're cheaper. It's a, And I'm like, no babe, only the best for you. Yeah, it was just a grillion dollars. And not to mention the casinos nearby, like it just whatever. I, I'm happy he was happy like, you know, well I'm Happy you had fun. And it's just Like, I don't know, that was probably special for all his friends too. It's like an exciting, Like I remember my first, like when I first got here And I was like around like you and your company, I was literally like, who are these people?


You know what I mean? Like it's fun. It was just really fun. And I think it's funny too 'cause my friends are just so different than them. Like watching all of them watch Mario and Ari and everyone and then they all were too like snowboarding together and like seeing them catch little moments and like it's, it's crazy 'cause it almost gives me a glimpse into like our wedding. Like that's our wedding party. You know, like Yeah that's important Minus obviously you and other people. That would be a part of it. But Like I, it just like, the crossover was so cool And I, I felt like a little cabin mom. Like I would, I was just taking content and like OF all day and then everyone would come home and I'd be like, welcome. We have snacks. And it was cute. I'm back in my olf era. You are? Yeah.


I like have this coming to Jesus where I realized like, these are the final few years where I would do that And I like really stopped. Yeah, That's that's what Benny says that she's like, get it outta your system. Yeah. And it's Like I just like thought I was gonna stop and like even just like on our tour, I was like, we're comedians. I don't do it. And then I was like, you used to make a million dollars a month, like whip a titty, bend over. Yeah. Like it's just Like, I don't know. And I've been doing it lately and I'm catching so many broke allegations. Everyone's like, why is she like ramping up on this? And like, it's so funny too 'cause even when I do post the like OF shit, like the other day I like was gonna post this lingerie photo And I wrote out the caption on my Instagram And I was gonna be like, my Instagram is a trailer, the link in my bio is the full movie.


And like I would've You would've gotten a call immediately. No. Do you know that I literally only saw you in my head And I just pressed discard. I even Almost said something when you did one of those comment this letter by letter for a dm. I know. You know, that one's funny 'cause I used to do that with every single photo. You Get me every time with that. And I always think like maybe I'll just do it. It's funny 'cause the Paul Brothers And when you d me I'll say, you're so fucking crazy for this. It's, it's so ridiculous. The Paul Brothers taught me that one back in the day and it, I get It for like engagement and stuff, but like, do you really, it's kind of like PC for PC or like No, it's, it's ridiculous. And like obviously like most people see it and they're like, she's just doing that to heighten her engagement. But Like I gotta keep my money up.


Okay. Like it's just, I know but if, if somebody looks at the comments and every comment is C oh m it's crazy because Brands are so stupid. Yeah. Like I probably shouldn't be saying that. Like, please keep paying Me. No, it is true though because like sometimes you'll see like, you'll hear what someone's getting paid and I'm Like, I want to be like to the brand. Like did you tell her to unhide her likes? No, it, it is wild. Like brands will be paying these mega influencers, the biggest six figure bag and in reality and be In your bag like it's so good for you 100%. But like the brand would convert 10 times more sales with six micro influencers. Yeah. With B House members and Trevino adjacents like, you know, like it's, it is just like so interesting.


Whatever. Well Congratulations. I'm happy you're back and probably so rich. It's just, I just feel like, you know, like when the nipple ring comes out it all dies, right? You're right. And I've only got like two more years of the nipple ring, so it's Like, I think I might pick one up. Really? Yeah. Now that I have these knockers on me, Honestly we could have a moment. We could have a moment, but it's Like, I don't know, I just, I can't have kids with a nipple ring. You know? I don't know. You Could. I could but then it's like ugh. I mean I have so much to say about bad baby Alabama barker, all of it. But it's Like I feel like we have to react to Trevino and Bad babies music video on the Patreon. We should talk about Kypo Kypo.


Do the people know Kypo? Right? I Don't know if the people know Kypo Kypo is Mica's cousin. He's The sweetest angel on this entire planet. He is one of my favorite people ever. Kypo if you're watching this, we absolutely love you. And they just grew up together, obviously very close. Kypo was one of the first people in Mica's life that I got close with as well. Just, and he's just so loving and sweet and like just the way they all kind of take me in as like their own and text me on the side and like we all hang out. I just love them so much but, And I need to show you their baby photos if I never have they look you Have, you have, they look exactly the same. Neither of them have aged a day. It's just like, it's so adorable. And how close knit they are and like whatever. And, but with all of that being said, we're talking about this man.


Like he's a teddy bear, he's A bullfighter, He's a full-time bullfighter. And I don't know how this conversation ever came about, but essentially Brooke And I, we Were at the Cheesecake Factory. Oh Were we? We were. Oh in Oklahoma because he Was, and you ordered Buffalo Bites. We were in Oklahoma for a show and Kypo was out there fighting bulls. So he came to the Cheesecake Factory with us and obviously, you know, we're exchanging stories about our day. We're like, we just performed this theater. It was amazing. And Kypo was like a bull attacked me by the horns and the footage of, it's insane. And somehow I guess the conversation turned into like, what if we started sponsoring random things like bullfighting.


What if we put the Cancelled podcast on a jersey? Yeah. Like a ma Like, you know what I mean? Like there's so many random like little places that we could advertise that nobody would ever think about. And we were like, how funny would this be? And Like I don't think he Like I didn't think at least in the moment that he took it that seriously Me either. Because he, he debuted this new Bullfighting jersey the other day, literally was Cancelled podcast across the front and It's so sweet because he did it on, its on his own. Like we were essentially just saying like how funny would this be? And I always, I was like, we need To cut him a check. We absolutely do. And it you always see like prime sponsoring everything And obviously that makes much more sense. It's a hydration drink.


The fan bases may also sports. Duh. But for some reason, I mean I just always want to do everything Logan Paul does. It made me realize like it would just be so if like, if any of you were out there and you do niche things that are on camera or just even just your workplace, Like I think Cancelled sponsoring niche things is like it's our future. You know what I wanna do what? Open up the Cancelled school. We absolutely should. Tessa Brooks does that right? And A bunch other people. I know I've been, no, I've been tr looking into it so much. I don't like the program that she did it through people. They don't do it anymore. But I've really been looking into it 'cause I wanna do it so bad. I would literally love to. I would love to. Oh my god, imagine cancel school.


We need to insert these videos. But first of all we have to insert the photo. It's just cri like, like What do you fucking actually mean? Look at this. You guys like taking a bull by the horns with hot pink Cancelled on his back. Like there's just, it's so iconic. Like That particular photo is just crazy. Wait, I don't even know if I've seen this video. Okay, wait, slay thunder. I just watched the DCC dot and Bull fighting is so crazy. 'cause what do you mean now you're gonna run at this bull in his Cancelled Podcast jersey. Oh my God. Because they, his job is to like distract the bull from the rider, right?


Yeah. Make sure the rider doesn't get trampled by the bull. And it's so wild too, just the way he like breaks bones as if it's like us getting a matcha. Like, you know what I mean? Like he'll just come over like, oh yeah this bull just stepped on my collarbone. Like what's up? What should we do today? And it's like, what do you mean? I'm Not gonna lie, the rodeo's another one of those things that I'm Like, I can't believe this is illegal. Yeah, it's, it's right up there with like UFC of it all. It's just like, Just everything. Like from the human standpoint and the animals, like the animals are like really not fairly treated. And then also like the humans are like at risk of death in every scenario. I was even just unpacking this with Koba 'cause the other day he was telling me Mcco is obsessed with watching people climb Mount Everest.


And he's like always watching it. And I was like, if you really look into it, 'cause obviously now like by proxy, I'm always like watching people climb Mount Everest, which is just so funny. Like, it's like Kardashians, people climbing Mount Everest. Like it, I don't know I But do you know how many dead bodies there are and how many people die you're doing it And you just pass by them climbing? Yeah. And I, I was asking Nicole, I was like, why does anybody do this? Like, like my brain is so like, yeah that's cool but like so many people die. Like what's the point? And it's like him just being the thrill seeker where he's like, no I imagine the sense of accomplishment. Imagine the adrenaline rush. Imagine the view and I'm Like, I don't give a fuck if the view is literally leprechauns and rainbows.


Like actually I'm not like Probably is by the time you're up there. Yeah, literally. And I was, I was just like, and even just all of Mako and his friends, like watching them snowboard and doing all these flips and tricks and just the thrill seeking superseding your desire for Safety. That's a drug addiction. I always say that and it's like even like just with Koa now I, I can tell 'cause this is one of his like first more serious long term like situations. He's had some, but like he always tells me like you have, I look at life differently because of how much I love you like type of thing. Like I'm much safer now. Like I'm not gonna jump off that cliff. It's like When you have kids and you start thinking twice about the things you do 'cause you're like, if I die like somebody else is affected.


Yeah. It's crazy. He like was wearing a helmet, snowboarding for the first time ever for me And I was like, that's so sweet that you're like, you know what I mean doing that. But I could tell a little, a little glimmer of his sparkle had died a bit like, you know, it's just Like I don't understand it. Have you seen the new trend about cave divers? No. It'll be like cave divers when they see your butt crack or something and it's like, don't Let my boys, it's A joke 'cause they'll like go through the tiniest little crevices. But that is like the fact that those people exist. Like those people are physically alive on this planet and they genuinely like wholehearted see the tiniest little sliver. People just get stuck and then they just suffocate to death and die. That's another fear up, up there with MMA, which is like, if I raise a kid into adulthood and they wanna be a cave diver And just they, and even just Nicole's mom, like she's so chill about it.


Like she, 'cause obviously that's her son and he is always been this way. I would be the most gabapentin anyone's ever seen a person take. It's insane. I like to all the girls out there who are dating the like adventure man, just know that I see you so hard because it's like every literally he like called me one day in Hawaii and he was like, I'm gonna go surfing in the jungle. I go, what PDOs what do you mean you're surfing in the jungle? Like those, that doesn't make sense. Like what do you mean? And then he like shows me and it's obviously just Madagascar, no cell phone service, anything. And I go to check this man's location and never in my life, ever in my life have I just seen a blue.in the middle of the fucking ocean like that. Like no land to be seen.


He has no service. It's like that just, I'm like, how? Oh And it's just like a panic attack and it's like, okay, I'll talk to you in eight hours and hope you're surfing in the jungle goes well. I know. What do you do? Put headphones on and take a nap? No, And I, yeah, I just have to go about my day and just like, oh, where's Mako? You surfing in the jungle? I'm too anxious. I'm gonna have to be one of those parents who just doesn't know what my kid is up to. Yeah, It's, I mean I, I'm gonna be the opposite I think as a parent, Like I just want to know everything but then I'm gonna have to be like the cool mom. So they tell me and it's like, ugh, that panic attack. No, I don't know. I just not know. Yeah, I have to know. I'm one of those but it stresses me the fuck out. Do you think you'll be a gentle parent? I do take pride in my like emotional intelligence And I hope that by the time I have kids it will have continued, I will have continued to grow in that department heavily.


So I think I'll like, even when I do see moms like understanding their kids' tantrum and talking them through it, Like I think I will do all of that. Like be very emotionally aware. I think you have, I think you're very, you, you're not like temperamental, like you don't like, like snap at people or get like super angry. Yeah, I don't And I think that I also understand the impact of that, especially with the child. So I would like very much walk it off and stuff, but I also at the same time think that like a lot of gentle parenting raises like pussies and assholes. Yeah, like it's like when your kid's chucking a toy car at a stranger on a plane and they're like, oh Timmy's just feeling too much. Nope. Nuh uhuh.


No, I I don't Ever, I don't think that's what I mean. I think I just, I was in such a turbulent like loud like abusive like environment that same now if someone so much as racists their voice, like even like at at like anything I'm literally like, oh my god, me Too. I always say whenever like that specific type of loud shrill yelling will forever remind me of my mother. And that's so Like I, it's weird I just started to feeling like really like oh my god do not like, be like that around me. Yeah. And it's crazy 'cause I'm, I have a like temper And I Like, I don't know, I feel Like I'm like a like angry yeller but No it's Like, I don't know, it's just Like I grew up with two very big yellers, like just always screaming in public, always screaming, screaming, screaming.


And it complete, it turned me off to that so bad. And I also think that when people say the first person to yell loses the argument like it's so true. Like it's Like, I don't know, it's just like emotionally immature. Like it's, there's no point. But I dunno at the same time, like my kid's like you know, doing something, eating a Tide pod, I'm probably gonna be like, what the fuck are you doing? You know? You, you ate a Tide pod? I did eat a Tide pod. Let's move on to the Patriot. Damn this episode was a rollercoaster but like so good. Sorry I feel like this was a really great episode and I'm, I'm excited for our set to get built. It's Like I know, me too. I'm at the point where I just want to get in there with hammers and nails myself 'cause I'm so eager for it to be done and just the everything costs $10,000 thing but it's Life is expensive.


It is coming and we will have a new set and we're so excited And I just, I love filming your apartment until then but I understand how setting all of this up is like a big thing so we'll be everywhere and nowhere all at once until the set is built. But Thank you guys for your patience and yeah I have a lot to say still and we're gonna go over to the Patreon and Cook, but we love you guys so much and Thank you. We're gonna React to young Patreon, react to things we have a To things react to a lot. Ooh, I actually just remembered I have to be naked on our Patreon. Do you know I brought fully see-through shirts 'cause it keeps getting leaked. Oh Kids out for the Patreon. Whoever's leaking our Patreon on YouTube. Count your fucking days. Well The thing is, is like obviously when people do that you have to file claims and it takes a while and it still stays up.


I'm kind of happy the Patreon got leaked 'cause it's, it's nice for people to see that there is content on there and that we do do things for the Patreon that we don't do. She said you do that we don't do anywhere else and we go to Home Goods and we talk our shit and we are a lot freer on there. I'm, I think I'm gonna be naked on the Patreon. I forgot. Yeah. Are you okay with that? Okay. And it's not, it's not even a sexualized thing. I just think that it takes a while to like file the claims and whatnot and Like I could just get ahead of it. Rather Just get ahead of it. YouTube's not accepting you. Yeah. You think you're monetized. Think again. Yeah, so I think that my tits are gonna be out while we react but that might be wild. Tts, the Patreon.


Let's go over there. We have a lot to say. Bad baby Alabama bark Ash Trevino. I was gonna say we're coming for you but like not bad baby. We love you bad baby. We are not coming for bad baby. We love you guys. Bye.