
Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Factor has chef made gourmet meals that make eating well easy. They're dietician approved and ready to heat and eat in two minutes, so you can feel right and feel great no matter what life throws at you. Factor arrives fresh and fully prepared. Perfect for any active busy lifestyle. Lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks with Factor Keto meals based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. With Factor Keto results will vary depending on diet and exercise. With 40 options across eight dietary preferences on the menu each week, it's easy to pick meals tailored to your goals. Choose from preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus or Keto Factor can help you feel your best all day long with wholesome Smoothies, breakfasts, grab and go snacks and more add-ons. Reach your goals this year with ingredients you can trust and convenience that can't be beat.


Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor podcast and use Code Factor podcast to get 50% off your first box plus free shipping. That's Code Factor podcast@factormeals.com slash factor podcast to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box Podcast. Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled Cancelled Podcast Podcast. Oscar's gonna walk through the shot right now. We're honestly gonna leave it in. Look at that BTS. Hello Alexis. Hi Brooke Cookie. Hello my queen. How are you? I'm so jealous of your outfit right now. I, I literally walked into the store. I wanted it so bad. Here's the thing is what I'm gonna say. We love Miss ssa and we Love Miss Ssa. The brand is great.


These, the pants are too big for me, way too big. And that's me and my dysmorphia. Like, why are you ordering a two xl? You're literally a medium. You ordered a Two XL Or Ancel, just they're too big. I don't know. And then just grabbing them today like in my hands, the button flew off And I was like, oh, $300. Yeah. But You know, you know what's up. The problem with an outfit like that Hmm. I wear it one time and then it doesn't matter how I store it, I could literally store it in like a, a perfect little bag. It's gonna be so wrinkly, I can never wear it ever again. Oh, Okay. I thought you were gonna say just 'cause it's like kind of memorable, like, it's like, I'm Stripe girl, can't be brown. Don't all the time. I don't outfit it a thousand times. Yeah. I do love a rewear these days, honestly, with my addicted top, that is the number nine.


But Isabella said it looks like the letter Y and now I can't unsee it. But why also feels like a message I am constantly sending to the world. Why? I wanna talk about why actually. Okay. Okay. I've debated, really debated bringing this to the podcast. Well, I should just also say that today we are having Miss Camila Woo. From the bop house on the podcast from lots of things. She just interviewed Ash Trevino, all the things. I mean, it's so funny. We go back and forth on if we want to be the TikTok Drama podcast or not. And then I just Think people, sometimes people don't want us to be an interview podcast. I Agree. I'm hoping. Well, the reason what sold me is I'm going to the bop house at the end of March.


That's so exciting. I cannot wait to see the context. I am so, I am so excited. But I called her and it was supposed to be just like a five minute call, and then we ended up being on the phone for, for like 45 minutes. And you know how sometimes you do not enjoy that and it feels as though you wish we, you still had minutes and you could be like, my minutes are running out. But it was the exact opposite with her. Like, I really enjoyed the call. It was a great conversation. I was like, oh shit. Yeah, she's very smart. Yeah. Like if it, if it was just an interview, I feel Like I wouldn't, but Like I feel like it's gonna be a Kiki with the girls hopefully. But also I'm wrong a lot. I'm wrong more than she is. It's every time I think an episode or an interview is gonna be a banger. Actually, just afterwards, I should lay on the 4 0 5. Wait, that's Something we should talk about.


We never really mentioned that. The fact that like almost every single episode ever that's come out and been like a major controversy we've sat down after and been like, that was amazing. Oh, that's funny. That's not what I thought you were gonna say, but you're so right. Like I think my finger's so on the pulse or even just I'm like, this will do so well and then it's, everyone's like, why the fuck would you do that? Yeah. You Know, it's really actually crazy. So off the pulse. But I did just like love watching her interview Ash Trevino. And it's interesting. I wanna know what happens at the Bob House. I want to know She's me too. She's team bad baby. I feel like she told me some intel on the phone the other day that I'm wondering if she'll share. But as we do before our guest comes, we like to just yap a little to the girls.


So Absolutely. Now I wanna know why, Why? Okay. I just, I don't ever like bitching about my new house that I just bought. Okay. And everyone gets so on me for constantly saying this phrase, but it's so true. Like obviously if you told 15-year-old me with dirty door With the dirty door that she would be able to do this. It's the most grateful thing on planet Earth. But I was debating between two houses. Okay. And I think about the one that I passed on a lot. Okay. There was mold, there was a lot wrong with it. I would've had to put like damn near a million dollars into this house, but it was cheaper. So it would've ended up being the same price kind of. I decided in the final moments that it just wasn't the right decision for my first house to be a house that has a lot of mold.


A fixer upper. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like Tana loves molt. We just, we, we need to let that die. And I, so I pick this house that everyone, and I'm talking inspectors and my realtor and all the people around me, it's perfect. You know, we get all the inspections, it's perfect. Nothing is wrong with it. Even the inspectors are Like, I haven't seen a house with this little problems in so long. It just, it felt so right. And then I move in and it's just like, as everything keeps going wrong, everything costs $10,000. Everything, everything costs, like the other day, for example, we keep trying to heat the pool, right? And we're just, we're trying to heat the pool, we're using the apps, we're doing all the things.


And it keeps saying it is, but it isn't how Long? It takes a long time, right? Oh yeah. We're trying for days before the Super Bowl party, we're trying to do our thing whenever we go into the pool heater, and it is made known to us that this is a home for rats. The rats are, they've got a two story condo. They're, they're catching a vibe in my pool heater wires completely chewed through. And I'm like, okay, perfect. Let's get a new pool heater. How much? $8,000. Honestly, That Thousand. That sounds about right. $8,000 for a pool heater. I'll rub sticks together myself. I get it. But it's just like, there's gotta be a way around that.


Like, what do you mean it's $8,000? And that's everything. Like the HVAC system's kind of shitty, like, and it's just like there's another 10 and then it's Like, I wanted a Yale lock in the door and Yale comes to install it and Yale is, what's Yale lock? B boop boop number. Oh, I like that. I lose keys, you know, and Yale is the esteemed company. It's the best in the business. They come out and the guy installs it wrong. Then he tells me to go fuck myself. He tells me, I'm sorry I installed it wrong. You're gonna have to pay for someone else to install it. Right? No, second guy, third guy. Now it's apparently it's a Yale problem. I have to take it up with Yale. The lock was just, they gave me a faulty fucking lock. I can't even get in my house. Like, oh.


And it's, I'm missing things too. I don't even know what I'm missing. Well, I think you were about to tell us about your chandelier. Well, Yes, wallpaper removal was also like $5,000. And I just really thought it was gonna be some guy with a butter knife and like 600 bucks. It's just, I'm still upset about that though. That was like, that was, you know, those tiktoks of people like taking the character away from home. Oh, here you go. That's what happened. No, that wallpaper was so Karen Maga Central, like it was just giving angry, bored mom who with lots of fake plants. It was just, I'm gonna blow What's maga about liking the, the planet in, in fact, I would say it's anti maga. No, it's not about liking the planet. That wallpaper just gives Karen galore. Like, I don't know how to explain it.


Like, you know the, the cursive I love Karen, The cursive writing of Live Laugh Love. Yes. Millennial. It was so live laugh, love millennial. I'm gonna lime wash it soon we'll have character. I'll hang a painting, don't worry. I wanna talk about our podcast studio. Okay. Okay. Everyone's like, oh, we hate this studio. Me too. Sorry. I'm kidding. I don't hate this studio. It's haunted. But we're building a podcast studio and for some reason, I think this is gonna take five minutes. You know, I'm like, it'll take five minutes, peel and stick. We'll have a studio, boom, bing, bang, boom. Another thing that's also $25,000 today. They came and they started building and they let us know very soon before, this is something I feel Like I should have known all along that the chandelier must be removed from the room.


Oh no. Okay. And in my opinion, no the fuck, it doesn't need to be removed. I'm gonna say I saw, saw it, it I told you, I was like, that's gonna have To be removed. It does. It's too low. People will hit their head. Tall guests. Yeah, it's Very, it goes down to like, here, it's definitely supposed to be over like a table, I think. 100%. And yeah, we have to get it removed. And then last night a TaskRabbit comes to remove it. A chandelier remover. Can I say something? Yes. And I'm not hating on your like, but is TaskRabbit the right place to find somebody who's doing a task like that? Yes. Really? Yes. I kind feel like it's like, You feel like it's boof. I feel like it's a little boof. Like I love task. I, I live and die by TaskRabbit, but it's kind of like getting like a Groupon for something like really, that you shouldn't get a group on for like a Groupon for a boob job.


Okay. That's like a really, You know. No, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to honestly agree with you After my last 24 hours. But the thing is also is that the second you start going through an official company, everything's $7,000 and then they, you still can't get in your front door. You know? It's, it, there's just, there's no winning for me with this shit. Like me and the guy comes, he needs a ladder. And I'm just like, dude, this is what you do. This is your bread and butter. What do you mean you don't have a ladder? It's like Alexis Oakley showing up with no brushes. Like, I literally, I can't even, Maybe he assumed that because you have like a big beautiful, I feel like a lot, most houses have like a ladder on the side of the house. Like that's like a, a house staple.


But I also like completely understand why you don't have a ladder. But that's, Again, that's like Alexis Oakley assuming because I'm so beautiful that I have makeup brushes. That's A good point. You know what I mean? I'm kidding. But I don't have a fucking ladder. Okay. I have a stepping stool. It's not fucking high enough. Okay. Could We have given him a boot? Like could, was there anything that he could have stood on that was how tall? No, I mean, if it hangs so low, how high does he have to be? The, the ceiling is very, very high. Oh. And it does like, hang low. I don't know. And then my security decides that he's gonna go get a ladder and he goes to the ladder stores and they're sold out of ladders. So now I'm paying this TaskRabbit overtime to tell Anna Lee all about his nasal problems. Mm.


And the chandelier is still hanging. It's so beautiful. And the only thing too that in the back of my head, I was like, you know what, once the chandelier is down, I'm gonna put that bitch on, offer up, and I'm gonna make my money back. Okay. Meanwhile, security, once again, he goes to the second ladder store, they are sold out of ladders. He comes back, tail between his legs, nothing. We look this guy with his deviated septum, his nasal issues in the eye. And we say, can you come back in the morning before the builders come? We'll get you a ladder. He comes back in the morning, he now has assisted height. He walks into the room, he begins to unscrew the chandelier, and it falls to the ground and shatters.


Next question. Mm. In what world could it have possibly been a one person job? Because like, if you think about that, that's a hym, But that's on him. That's, no, that's what I was gonna say. It's not your fault at all. But in my head I'm like, there's no, no matter how much talent you have, how are you gonna get a chandelier outta the ceiling with just one guy? And At that point, I would've rather given Mcco an Adderall and a stool. Right? Because at least he cares, By the way. It's not like, like it's a bit, it's like taking this table from the ceiling. Like, no, I Agree. It's just Like, I don't, you know, that's not my expertise chandeliers. Right? I'm assuming the chandelier expert knows how to remove the chandelier, and now I can't even fucking sell it.


Then he's gaslighting the shit out Ali saying that it was just installed improperly. And if we had an earthquake, someone would've died. And Maybe that's me as a TaskRabbit though. I'm like, fuck. Like that sucks that this is completely someone else's fault. And Maybe it is. You know what I mean? Even the pool heater, I'm Like, I was researching like, whose fault is that? And Like, I could sue my realtor, but Like, I love her. You know, it's like I'm just, and then that would also just cost $8,000. It, I just think that people market buying a new, a brand new home, or a really new home as just like, you're done. And Like, yeah. And like a really smart financial decision. You'll never regret it. It's an investment.


But I, I just had this talk with somebody else who was explaining the same thing to me. He was like, like, it's no longer, more financially like smart because by the time, like, you know, it increases like x amount of dollars in the time that you own it, but you put that amount in or more so like, Oh my God, that face is gonna get clipped and there's gonna be another Botox, TikTok. Oh my God, that Botox TikTok was crazy. Yeah. Like 8 million views. I little comment, I just wanna say I'd rather have a frozen face and then when I make that one face, it's weird. But then Like, I don't have wrinkles. I completely agree with you. It's like Kim Kardashian's crying face. Like everyone made fun of it. But like, then look at her Kim Kardashian's face, face. Yeah, I'm with you on this one.


That Kim, but I don't know, whatever. Well, I'm sorry that's happening to you. I am still proud of you for buying your house And I hope this doesn't deter you or this doesn't make you regret your decision. It's The most champagne problem, literally on planet earth. And I know that. I just think that, I wish someone told me like, you're gonna bleed money on the most random shit. And it's not even gonna be like, cosmetic shit that makes the value of the house go up. Like, pool heaters are $8,000. And just my luck, it's, I always say I have the, the best. Worst luck, you know, like, I'm so lucky to be able to buy this house. But like, of course rats, It's gonna happen in like the most unfortunate way. Of Course, rats live in the pool heater and of course the chandelier was hanging on with bubble gum. And of course just, I don't know, just all the things. And that's like one of like a 10,000 other things.


So it's just like wild. Like even just her full-time job is like a house. The house. Shit. That's so, that's like most people, like re really rich people have like property managers like that. Their whole job is like to handle all those things all day long. And I miss Hollywood. I know you do, but I Like, I think that that's, that'll go away over time because I like really love your area so much. I do too. And I think, I just thought the adjustment would take like two weeks time to be like, oh, I live further. And Like, I used to always in my Jake Paul era go back and forth from Calabasas. It just happened.


I take, I'm so sorry. Every daughter I'm fucking there Caputo. I'm fucking Theresa Caputo because what the fuck was that? There's n I'm about to hold my hair up. What Are we naming it? Something wrong? Yes. I I promise you I don, I I feel so validated. I feel so Skinny. I'm never doubting you again. I'm so, I apologize profusely. No, I Feel so seen Hers. Literally just No, I feel so seen. No, I feel so seen. No, I, I'm so sorry. I'm just repeating myself. I have like a stimming issue And I'm not even scared because I knew, It's so crazy how many times you've like drilled into my head that this place is haunted.


And I'm Like, I come On. And I, And I Like, I promise you it's nothing. I just know it. You, we need to look into that. We need to have somebody come stage you or something. I feel, no, but it's Like, I leave here And I'm fine. Like I just, You feel the energy. I don't know how to explain it. Who can Tell you, who can like, measure you for that? I don't know. To find out if you know. Wait, that was so crazy. I wish we would've watched that back. I saw like it, like literally like, Dude, even the other day I didn't podcast about this 'cause I thought I would just sound skits. But now here we fucking are. Okay, here we fucking are. I was walking into LAX And I have this like extreme vision that I'm going to run into one of Mod Son's friends. And I see it, and then I think in my own head, I'm like, that wasn't my thought.


And why am I having that thought? That's so weird. Like, why am I gonna run into Mod Son's best friend Brennan right now? And I just like think about how weird it is And I go through TSA and sure as shit he's there and he is like, hi Tana, how are you? And in my head, I'm trying to have a normal conversation with him, but I'm Like, I just knew this was going to happen 10 minutes ago. That's so weird. I don't know what that is. Now I have a weird taste in my mouth that wasn't there before. Am I? That was crazy. I Like, I I'm having chest pain. I feel bad, but I feel like there's, there's been so many times now that I've doubted you if you No, because me. Right. And I'm, I regret it And I should never doubt you again. And I really do apologize about that. Yeah. I think I'm psychic and like maybe I'm crazy. I could be, I'm excited to have Camilla on and get all the tea.


Let's get her in here. I think she's here. Yay. You And I have like a five minute phone call because I'm coming in hot to the Bob house. Yes. And I'm so excited. Like the Bop House is so excited to have you. I am so exci it, I just like, feel Like I randomly insert myself into certain things, certain TikTok things. And I, this one I was like, I'm the OG bop. Yeah. I've been a bop forever. I got a bop to the top. I'm So excited. And I Just love Miami. Like, I'm just so excited. But anyways, it was supposed to be like a five minute call and then you And I were on the phone for like 45 minutes reading everyone to filth. The amount of tea you have in your arsenal is crazy. And it's just Hard being that girl. I feel like the Trevino interview also bitch elevated you to like such a different plane because it's one thing, like the Bob House is insane.


It's huge. It's killing it. Like you're killing it. You're so hot. But you said I'm an interviewer too and I'm a personality. I think a lot of the times tiktoks are like, they're like like 30 seconds, 60 seconds. And I like, I'm like, no, no, no, no. Like, I'm not guys. I swear I'm funny. I swear I can be funny. And so I'm like, okay, who the fuck is this Trevino girl? So yeah. How did that all even like come about? And I'm gonna ask you, I want you to tell I don't know enough about her. I keep saying I don't wanna platform her, but I guess I'm not, if it's because you are on the opposite side, the right side of history there. Right. Right. You know, which is good. So gosh, she's so ancient. The whole reason this started, right? 'cause what, I don't know if you notice once you start, once you see one video game over Yeah.


It's a black hole. Takes over your life. Damn near. Yes. But I never in my entire life have I seen her actual account. It's just people reposting her lives. Yeah. It's, I don't even know if she has, I thought for a second I blocked her or something. She does, She has like two accounts with like 300 k. Like, it's almost like everyone loves watching her live. No one gives a fuck what she's doing. Actually. She ever like posted, posted a video, does Asht, you know, have any like videos? She po Fully posted a video being like, like it's like a selfie. It's like the bop house sucks. They're like, da da da da. Like, like she made like a dis at the bop house. I'm like, okay, period. At least I made it on the main page. You know, I'm saying Isn't she? Like, how old is she? She claims allegedly 36. But I Heard she, she's 43 'cause she has 1981 tattooed on her body.


And somebody wife said she, she was 43, I think. Doesn't she give like birth year tattooed on her? 81 1000000000000%. Yeah, a hundred percent. Or like, maybe one of her like inmate, ooh. Like, you know what I'm saying? One of her inmate husbands, you See the videos? Duh, you're going down the rabbit hole. Duh. As we as we all do, unfortunately. And then how did it, I I would say that I'm, I could re Like, I, I understood the assignment, right? I'm like, okay, she lies for clout. She does all this shit for clout. I'm like, so shit, let's, let's, let's have a podcast. Let's have a little, let's have a little fun. Right? The Clout trap bait. You wanna have a conversation? Let's have a conversation meeting. And I told her this in person.


I said, on live, it's easy to sit on your phone and just talk. You know, you're, you can't read the comments that fast. But when it's like this, I'm like, did you or did you not sleep with blank? Like, you can't, you can't just avoid it. You can't just not, you can't just sit there. You Can't just like, thank someone for a galaxy Right. And call It a day that motherfucking part. Yeah. So I was Like, I reached out to her daughters because, because I was like, what I don't want is to give her the opportunity to continue to lie. No one would've ever known that she sold her daughter out for a fucking galaxy if her daughter wasn't there to say it. Yeah. You can Re and here's the thing, it it will, the truth will, I will always be, you know, for the truth, you know?


Yeah. So having her kids there, it was Such a smart move. I think when you watch a podcast, you can read body language. You can, you know, there's so many cameras and so it's like, you'll be able to tell from the facial expressions. And I feel like the girls told the story, maybe not verbally, but with their face And I needed that. Yeah. Every would say something. It was like a, You get what I'm saying? Right. The hospital sellout thing was like crazy. It, I feel like that podcast did like, 'cause there were so many people before I think supporting her and it almost did like, shine a whole new light on wait, hey, ask Vinal for prison, right? Yeah. And it's like, it's so funny. She's like suing everyone. Like, I wonder if she's gonna try me. But I'm curious, like, how did you get her to agree to it? Like, like what incentive did She have babe?


It was all on live. It happened on live. No shit. It happened on live. I texted her, I, I, I dmd her daughter. I said, Hey, I'd love to have you and your mom on the podcast because Avino loves to act like she doesn't know who people fucking are. Be so what's called fucking for real? It's Who's Tan? She's Like, who's Ice Spice? Ho You were listening to her two seconds ago. Yeah. Anyway, so her daughter calls into I guess on her other phone and she was like, yo, this girl from the, from the Bob house wants you And I to go on her podcast like we have to go. And she's like, obviously it's the who's that line? Whatever, I'll let that one go. She was like, oh, I'm gonna do this to make my daughters happy. My daughter seems so excited about this. Like, I, I'm gonna make it happen. In reality, reality, the daughters are probably just excited for some truth out there.


Which is also just Like, I will say, this is the first time I've talked about it. I have reached out to, to Hailey specifically. And I asked, Like, I did say like, Hey, like are you okay? Like, is there something I can do? Like, are you okay? I'm sorry if I've caused you any harm. I meant nothing. But you know, I wanted you to be there to tell your story. Yeah. And she even, she was like, absolutely, like I'm, I'm totally fine. Me and my sister are Okay. Thank you for checking in. Yeah. But I, I truly did it. So there was no question of, you know, is she lying? Is she not? You know, you saw it right then and there. It happened. We were there like altogether like it happened live. Yeah. So I think where like the, where she kind of went off on me was, it was not painted in the way she thought it was.


Yeah. And she's just pissed. I guess That was, she thought was my question like, pissed? Did she think it was gonna be like, idiot, she's An Idiot. Fuck you were on her side. Literal Fuck did you think was going to happen? Like, If you could be so fucking for real for a second. Yeah. What in the, you think I'm a fan? You think I'm gonna get, but she, She's delusional. She really does feel like people, she has fans and supporters and like people. She sat there dead ass before the podcast started and said, I literally hate that I have to go everywhere with security. And I just feel Like I miss my old Life really quick. I saw her saying that on live and then ran into her at the airport. Not a soul sight. She's completely alone. Like nobody's approaching her.


By the way. Security is also expensive. And I know she's making a lot of money for Did You her walk around with the guy with like, big security across his shirt's? You know, it's just her friend in an Amazon and he Was in Van Vans. Like, I've Bought those security jackets off of Amazon for $39. So I don't wanna hear it for a Halloween costume with a lace bra. Right. And a little badge. Yeah. It's like a little plastic badge you can fucking snap in half. Like I'm over it, dude. Over it. So I mean obviously it's just over, right? Like you're never gonna talk to her again. Duh. And like no. So Last, but she Tried. Did she try to sue you? Sorry. She, she, well she went on live and was like, she'll be hearing from my fucking people and then I was Like, I made a joke. Right. People, I reached first Right. For people. It's so right.


Concerning. And so I made a joke. I was like, I've been sent like three ceases and desist this fucking year. I'm like, you know what? I'm gonna call my fucking attorney and we're gonna cease and desist her. Us. Yes. And good for you. Because it's like, people really do try to scare people. Like, you know, that's just her doing that. And like, in the beginning of your career too, like the first couple times that, and especially so soon for you, you know what I mean? Like, right. Like you blow up and now you're like catching all these cases. Like that's enough to make someone like shut up and stop and be afraid and all the things. And I think it's really good that you're not, 'cause it's just like keep a common bro and you'll probably end up winning half of them if you really wanna go to fucking litigation anyways. Like, but No, I don't think anyone wants to go there. Yeah. And to be very honest with you, like everyone does say like, oh, Camilla's like a marketing queen.


Like Yeah, I'm one thing, I'm not as fucking stupid. Yeah. Like, I, I am smart. I know what I'm doing. Like, do I really genuinely am I actually like hurt over the season? Dis like, no. But What was the other one? Alabama though. Alabama. I got threatened by the blonde house. The that guy, dude, I could get, I didn't know there was house on house beef. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So we'll get into that. That's fucking saying. I got a call from their lawyers, their attorneys, and they're like, yo, if you don't have to take this shit down, like we're gonna, they're filing a police report. But that's a whole different thing. This is so wild. It's like, just bring internet beef back. Even Alabama. It's like, you wanna be a, but It doesn't that serious in my opinion. Yes.


And it's like you, you can't say that you want to be a rapper and then the second someone is detesting you, you're running to dad and like ceasing and desinging call Kanye. I, I genuinely, I'm be very honest with you, I didn't think it was for real. The second she was Like, I, I got the letter. I was like, oh yeah, okay, cool. Like I'll just shut up. 'cause Like, I don't care. Like I don't Need this, I don't need this. Yeah. Like, to be honest with you and like, you know, like obviously I'm a bad baby fan, like to the day I die, Like I rock for that girl. She's fucking amazing. And I just think, I Love women in stem. I just think like it, for me, it wasn't that deep. Yeah. I think I actually probably hurt her or hit a spot that kind of hurt and, And just the feeling of like, I'm losing and then like you have all those resources that's Like fine and that's fine.


Like, so I just shut up. Just cool. Like, I don't need it like next, You know what I'm saying? Issues like whatever. How did That start? Or can you, are we ceased and we're desisted? I mean, nothing's a lie. Yeah. It was, someone commented under my video and was like, yo, you should add Miss Girl to the Bob house. And I was like, oh, I would never given that the story with her and that baby's man Lavonne. And so I was Like, I would never, I just think that's kind of trashy to go after someone else's man. Mm. Then it spiraled, she answered. I was Like, I bet. And she was kind of like OF shaming too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Hundred Percent. Which is wild. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did, did her mom did the original OF right. Playboy. Yeah. Which fire by the way, not that's Great.


Sexy. Yes. That's what I'm saying. It's like you should be, it's in your blood. You should be nothing but supportive of this. Right. Like it's So, And I think a lot of people around her too also do OF so I thought it, I I I do think when she expressed that it ki everyone else in her life was kinda like, hold up. Yeah. It'd be so strange. It's like, if I were to say like, that's so disgusting And like Yeah. And it's like, I'm like, you know, And you're sitting there like, right. Yeah. It's strange. It was just, yeah. It was just odd. So I, I was like, okay. Like I guess we're taking shots there. Well I also think it's just, you're in a very wild position. I appreciate that you continue to say like, no, I'm fucking smart. And like, so on and so forth because it's like the bop house, right?


Like people are going to immediately just want to diminish you to like, you know what I mean? A bop and a dumb girl and, and you know what I mean? Just the, even just the way people treat me. Like the second you do s people are gonna immediately just say you're so stupid In your life. And you know what I think is so insane, And I had this conversation earlier today, people are brands even, you know, they won't work with you if you don't only this, that, and the third. But it's like, why we convert so fucking well the bop house right now is on fucking fire. And if you can't, Like I almost wanna be the one that like can break through that, that that stigma and Yeah, sure. I understand. Like, it's not the most glamorous industry and, but it, I feel like people also say like, like, it's not horrible.


It's Going to continue to take people like you to slowly knock down that wall. That may take 25 years to really knock it down. But I think the first person that does it, I promise you is gonna fucking change it. Well, it's all of us. Everything. I think it's, we're all like one brick of knocking it down. You know, it's, And I, I appreciate you saying not to glamorize it. 'cause I think even I did that for so long because it's like we have this amazing story and like whatever, and recognizing that we are, you know what I mean? Like just the, not the 1%, but it's not this, it Is not like this for everyone. Yeah. And, And I, but at the same time, Like, I feel like people talk about it in a way where it's like sex. Like we're like, we're being like sex trafficked and we're being like pimped out and we're like, this is, it's not a choice.


Yeah. This is a, I willingly Made This choice. Am making this decision. Yes. For a lot of us, it's, it's A, it's our Decision. It's a very conscious choice that we're making. It's Also, as I always say, the best way to describe it is it's so case by case. What works for me might not work for you. Right. Why I did it might not be why you do it. Why I doing it and why you're doing it is not why Samantha watching right now should do it. Right. You know what I mean? Like, it is one of those things that's just so personal and so long as you're honest about that, that's just the truth. Like for me it was Like I was getting sexualized from 15 and up on And I wanted to be in my bag about it, you know? Yeah. Like for you, it's like you wanted to do this shit Ready to optimize your nutrition. This year Factor has chef made gourmet meals that make eating well easy.


They're dietician approved and ready to heat and eat in two minutes. So you can feel right and feel great no matter what life throws at you. Factor arrives fresh and fully prepared. Perfect for any active busy lifestyle. Lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks with Factor Keto meals based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. With Factor Keto results will vary depending on diet and exercise. With 40 options across eight dietary preferences on the menu each week, it's easy to pick meals tailored to your goals. Choose from preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus or Keto Factor can help you feel your best all day long with wholesome smoothies, breakfasts, grab and go snacks and more add-ons. Reach your goals this year with ingredients you can trust and convenience that can't be beat. Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor podcast and use Code Factor podcast to get 50% off your first box plus free shipping.


That's Code Factor podcast@factormeals.com slash factor podcast to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box. I started with Mr. Beast. I was in college, he was in my college town. I used to You What? What? Yeah, I blew up off my Mr. Beast video. Squid Games. Now tell now tell now. Tell now. This is In like 2021. Okay. So I went to ECU, which is where like he's in Greenville. Like that's like known. So I Where is that? Was working for one of North Carolina. Sorry. I know that. I know that So fucking And I love it there. Yeah, we were talking about that. Really? I really love North Carolina. Isn't that where all the Nicholas Sparks books are based? And it feels like that when you're there. Like the greenery and the fucking houses on the water. Oh, you're Like, I love the Carolinas.


I guess I grew up there. Yeah. Anyway, I, I went to to ECU And I was working at like a bar there And I met a videographer that worked for him. So I started working for him and then I ended up getting mixed into like, personal assistant jobs for him and he would, anyways, so, So interesting. What was that Like? Yeah. So one day Great. One thing I will always say, Mr. Beast and his people are some of the most genuine, kind-hearted people I've ever met in my, my entire life. He Is very, he has always been so nice to me. But I saw him recently, he knew exact bro, I haven't seen him since like 20, 21. He saw me, he knew exactly who I was. Like he remembered like, you know what I'm saying? Like, and people don't do that. No, let's be so for real. Yeah. Like, no.


Yeah. He knew exactly who I was. He asked how I was doing. Like also I was friends with Carl and, and the rest of the crew just from being around. But regardless, we filmed Squid games. It was supposed to be fun. Like what happened was the first couple days of filming squid games, they, there was a malfunction. Did you ever watch the, the Mr. Beach Museum? I didn't Watch it. So Do you know when someone died? Like there's like a little thing that like, they like and like pops or whatever. Those were called Squibbs. And so when you would get out, everyone in the room, like all like the guards had an iPad and they would click your number and it would just pop and then there would be a shot of it, move on to the next round, whatever. So there was a massive malfunction and there were 456 people involved.


So half of the people didn't show up the next day. So they were scrambling, calling people, calling contestants in to be able to, to foot fill the spots and start shooting the next day. And then one of the guys that I, the guy that I was working for was like, yo, yeah, yo, do you wanna be in a video? Like bring a couple friends? Oh shit. I was like, bet. Awesome. Yay. We showed up the next day we filmed, I ended up bringing my friend at the time that's, I don't even wanna talk about that, but me. That ended very quickly after the, after the school games video. But I, when the video came out, literally, I'm not joking. 24 hours after the video came out, I started off with 7,000 followers, regular college student. I woke up the next morning to 145,000 followers in one day.


Wow. One day I did not know that went So viral on Twitter. Everyone like ended up finding my account and then Men mainly. Yeah. No, like, it was like a mix. I would say it was like a mix of people. I, 'cause I guess the Mr. Beast audience is Mixed. Mixed totally. But when it got on Twitter, I guess it was more men. Yeah. So then it translated to TikTok and so I literally for a week straight was just gaining and gaining and gaining. And I'm like, oh my God. Like I know I've always wanted to be like a personality on the internet. Mm. I did modeling for a really long time before all of this. So that was something I was pursuing And I was like, oh my God, this is like my end. Like this is like my time to shine. Yes. This is my moment. And it's the people who jump on that who end up And I fucking failed miserably.


How? Why? Miserably. Miserably. Miserably. I did. Like, I had, I did for like, like the first month was great, right? Because when you're popping, you know people wanna work with you. Yeah. I work with Noah Beck, Like I got to meet some really cool people. I was like, oh my God. Like I am in my fucking era. Like, what is good Right? Then after like it dies down. Mind you, small town was in college. One second. The next You work with some of the people that you've watched your entire life. Yes. Right. What? I didn't know what to do with it. What direction do you take it in? I had, I was just, I was literally throwing shit Like darts? Yes. At a, like, with a blindfold. Nothing was sticking. I felt so demotivated. I I wrote actually two TV shows.


'cause like one thing I'm really good at, no one knows about. I'm a really good writer. Ooh. A very good writer. Like, I love the television industry. Like it's just my thing. Like I can write. So I, And it's good for you for like fucking, you know, taking all the things, everything, Deciding to do things. So I was making YouTube videos. I was, I was making no money. Like I was asking my parents to like, help me fund shit and like, it was a whole thing. And, and, and they were so excited that this was all happening. Like, stop, don't even know. I'll cry talking. My parents are the most supportive people ever. That's cute. They, they were like, no, like, we'll take out a loan. Like we wanna help you with this. Like, Guys, I did everything and I was, I I really was so broke And I told myself Like, I will not go back to school.


Like, I'm not gonna give myself an option. Determined queen. Not because I don't believe in having an education. I just think it wasn't for you. I was in for like a business degree. I originally started off with nursing. 'cause same. I loved, I Like, I like science. Science is like what I'm really, really good at. No shit. And so gimme a beaker and I'm crashing out. Dude. No. Like that's my fuck chemistry. Like eat me down. Like yes. Fucking who for chemistry Like me Out. Yes. Maybe that'll be our OF collab. Yeah. Like, Oh my god. Like I A little fucking shut up lab. Only a lab coat. Ooh. Amazing Kind of jean goggles. That's kind of hot. Yeah, no. And then You're like making some potions and shit. Like what? Something stop. It's just lube. I see it now.


Anyway. And I just think in general, like if you're going to college for a business major, It's half those girls that end up getting it and then wanting to be an influencer with it, you know? Yes. Right. So Anyways, not that that's The most supportive sh they're the most supportive parents in the fucking world. And I love that. I went, I had no money And I was like, okay. I kind of brought up the idea. I was like, what if I do? And I'm like, but I'll, because I was posting fucking bikini pictures and lowkey being a whore on the internet anyway, so what the fuck? Reaching To the choir. What the fuck? I was posting like, yes, all up on Instagram. So what I was like, might as well make a bag. So as soon as I brought that up, so I'm a, I'm Latina, I'm from Brazil and that's like a big no-no. You just don't do that.


Like, you just really, you just don't do that. No. Like my parents are like so funny Catholic and very like religious And I kind of told them, I was like, well what if I did this? And Like, I was like, what if I was making like a hundred KA month? They're like, you're never gonna achieve that. And they were very upset about it, obviously. Like honestly as a parent should be, I was young And I put it off for a really long time, but once I failed, I failed for like a straight, we're talking like year and a half. Mm. They were begging me to go back to school. They were like, just go do community college, do something. I'm like, no, I refuse. Like I genuinely refuse. Good for you. Met This guy. Moved to Orlando And I was like, you know what, fuck that shit. I was like, I'm risking it all. One thing about me, like how I'm going, if I'm going out, I'm going out with a mother fucking gun.


Okay. Like if I'm going out, like everyone's gonna fucking know about it. Yeah. And high Risk, high reward too, you Know? Right. So I was like, you know what? My boyfriend at the time didn't care that I was gonna start. And I was like, fuck this shit. Like I'm gonna do it. Mm. I did it and my parents were like, not, they were not cool with it. I mean I'm very, very transparent. They were like, okay, well if you're gonna do this, you're 100% supporting yourself financially, period. That's it. And I was like, alright, fuck it. I'll make it work. Was working three jobs. I actually, I actually worked at a real estate development company and You're like behind the scenes, Like I did, I worked in real estate. Get your More bitch Daddy. Yeah. Like I was working for a real estate development. I was working at a bar in Orlando And I was doing same time, You're a hustler And I love that about you.


I do. Bitch, This is real fucking tea. I had to leave the real estate job because the head of the company, I actually signed a legal document that I can't say the company's name or him, here We are. But did he subscribe? He sexually like, oh, like what's it like? He did not assault me. It was like Harassment. Yes. I've been learning the difference between that these days as well. Yes, you have to, you have to very clearly. He, I was, yeah, he came in and told a story about his sex life to me and it was very off. They didn't have hr, they had hr, but like, it wasn't like really established. So he wrote me a really good settlement check. I went to Portugal with it, came back, changed my fucking life.


I was fucking, you know, doubling down on only. So Then how long were you doing OF solo? Like how did the V house come about? Right. I Was doing LF solo for like, this is going on year three. So I was doing it for like two years with this guy I met in LA when I came the first time. He was the one kind of like, you should start. And I dunno, I was so against it for so long. You can find clips of me on the internet that say I would never Yeah, bitch. I did. And I me when I lie again. Yeah, so true. Anyway, I did it for like two years and then I really doubled down and then I was like, oh, it actually wasn't brought up by me. A lot of people think that I'm like the, I run the bop house like, no babe. Like I thought that, Oh Everyone, I don't know why you Just give, I run the bob house.


Like, I mean she have such a big personality. I Think that's what it is. A lot of the girls are very, because Sophie, she's kind quiet, right? She is, she's very quiet. She's very like to herself. Like, she's such a sweet soul to be very honest with you. She's very, she's funny, but she's like quirky and like, but that's almost all the girls. Except No, but you need this to be Right. Like, I'm like the, like I'm a Like I give, you know what I mean? So you're, wow. I can't believe that just was used right now. That's front iconic. You're you're a, you're a It was my favorite time. I Miss it. That's the best era ever. So anyway, it's literally like a group of, it's like a group decision. Like we don't, there's no like decisions being made that are made by one person.


Like, it's like, Hey, should we do this? So are You guys, were you guys all just friends or like internet friends or like, 'cause here's what I think I really do. I I don think it's successful because it doesn't feel, I see these all the time in la right? Where they get the fucking McMansion and then some guy in a fucking, you know what I mean? Burlington coat factory suit Right. Gets fucking six girls together and then everyone looks like they're being held at gunpoint And I'm so not for it. Right. And like, it feels like it's, you guys feel like you are so in control of it, which I think is so important. We We really are. Mm. We really are. I think it was, it's Authentic. I we didn't think it was gonna be that big. We're like, yeah, we just fucking, let's just fucking do something. Let's call it the bop House. We're making this money, let's get a house. Right? Like, it was Kind of just like yell like let's just fuck around.


Let's do this Bob House thing. Like we're we're we're called Bobs, like let's do a bob house. What do you think about all the other houses too? Just all the people being so inspired or is it like, you Know, the auto that's like no one is better than the original. Like that's how I live my fucking life. Life is so Funny. Well, 'cause even just like the hype house, like then you'd see all the ones after like all the, the the fight house, you know, like, And I was like, what Came after the hype house? There's no other house. There was, what was it Like, Like Maddie Monroe and them had like not a content house and shit. Oh no. Yeah. Not a content house they had, but no one's better than the original. It just because it's people trying when they always in like flames the Hype house and like these things, right? Like you're like, they're ran by like a guy and this, that and the third.


And I think that a lot of the times there's so many, there's so many hands in the pot. Right? And I think that that's the biggest issue is we all make our own money. Mm. That's it. Like we all make our own individual Money. No One's controlling you and no one's controlling us to do anything. So it's kinda just like we do what we do because we all have the money to fund it ourselves. We don't need like, these brand deals. Like yes, obviously It helps, helps, but it's not the, but it's not, our Main focus is not to be driving factor. No. Yeah. No. And that's what genuinely allows us to have fun. I think that's the biggest difference is we're all not depending on Monster or Celsius to Fucking pay us a check. And that's a message to girls out there. 'cause now I'm sure too, so many agencies are trying to create what you guys have and Roly Can suck my dick. Sorry. And are exactly, and are probably reaching out to these girls.


Like this is gonna be just like the bop house and it's like, no, they're gonna own you. Not To mention every single pitch is let's start beef with the Bob House. I would Be terrified. Just you're so good at articulating your words. I would be so afraid to Have beef with you. And one thing. Oh my, oh my gosh. She was reading that Alabama to filth. Listen, I actually almost like, no, It's so good. That's where I found you. I just like one video. I was like mesmerized. Even now I'm watching you talk. I'm like, wow. Like, no, it's awesome. And I, you remind me so much of me before, I had a lot of fear incited in me and trauma. And even just on the phone when we were talking, I was like, never lose this, this fire and this authenticity and this 'cause you, but that's me. I'm sure, And I'm sure you feel it right now though. People are trying to take that from you.


Yeah. The second that they see it, they wanna sue you. They wanna, they're gonna silence you beef with you. They wanna, And I Think that's kind of like, it's, that's the the low key, the fun part. I'm like, I'm like, okay, like if this is how you're taking this like, and you're trying to like silence me, Like I'm gonna let people know you're trying to silence me. I'm not gonna get a cease and desist and say, You're not gonna cease or desist. No, I'm gonna say a ho's gonna stop talking because a bitch got a cease and desist and that's that. I'll never push it. Yeah. I'll be honest, I'll never push it because my, I, I want, honestly, I'm glad I'm gonna say this, I want everyone to know Like, I'm not this problematic human being. Just fuck with me and I'll fuck back with you. Like, I'm not going to start, I'm not, I'll never attack anyone ever. That's just not my, that's just not me.


Well That's just how the world is too. They see an outspoken woman and they immediately want to put her in this even like, bad baby dealt with that so much. Like, and that's What I love, love about her she'll. She's been the same since fucking ever. Obviously she's grown and she's matured and you know, obviously people grow and people mature, but this like, she's so fucking authentically herself and she, when she does something, she fucking stands on it, on her mistakes. Everything she's ever done, she stood on it, even if she's wrong, she was Like, I did that and that's that, and let's move on. And that's something that I and the world Will try to take that from you as a woman so hard. Yeah. You know, I Agree. I'm literally getting chills, like thinking about it. So I'm putting this on.


But Like, and that's one of the things I told you on the phone, I was like, you are so resilient. You've been through so much. Like, and that's so admirable because you know, how many people wouldn't have continued? Do you know how many people would've given up? Do you know how many people would've like, just sat there and taken that and changed so many things about themselves that are so beautiful? Like, I think a lot of the times people just run away To stand in the face of the fire and say, this is who I am and I'm willing to fall and get back up. That is, is it is admirable. And it's hard. It's so admirable. And it's like so many people can't do that because they're not confident enough in themselves, or they haven't found peace within, you know? So I think that, that that's fact. The Thing that's Like, I, I fucked up, but I know who I am and I'm willing to just like put that all out there.


Like, okay, here's me fucking up and it made me this. And Exactly. Exactly. I'm fucked up. It also helped having nothing to lose. I will say. You know, like I'm all in exactly. With this. Exactly. And I think that that's, that's the difference too, is like when people start and, and they feel like they have to be perfect, that's where you're gonna fuck up the most. Like it the hundred percent. When you try to play this persona that you're not, or Authenticity authentic is When you play this role that you're not, you're gonna fuck up more because that's not what comes naturally to you. Right. And when your intentions, I think a lot of people, you have to like, love this shit. You have to, And I can tell Yeah. Passion that you are so passionate about showing who you are and sharing it with the world and, and hoping along the way that, that inspires some people.


Right. I think a lot of people start social media and all of these things with different intentions and then when the, when you face the fire, you're gonna back down. 'cause your intentions were just money or your intentions were just this. Right. And you know what I mean? I say this a lot online, especially in, Like I said in the 32nd to a minute, TikTok video. It's an exaggerated version of myself. Right. 100. It's not All of you. It's not all of me. It's one piece of me that you see for 60 seconds and that's all you get. And people, and then you make, make an opinion on that. Love to hold on to that. You know what I mean? Like, I will forever be an idiot to so many people. As hard as I try to show the smart sides of myself and like, it can't, I don't know. You can't just harp on that. It's like, so what if people never fucking know who I fully am?


I'm still gonna try. I'm still gonna try. Right. And you know, and You're gonna not gonna do it for everyone else. You're gonna do it for yourself. Mm. And that's the difference. Do it for you. Not for any fun. What the hell? Like I feel like I'm at church right now. Right. More and more. Great. Come on church. So I, I really do. I have a lot of passion for it. I have a lot of passion just for entertaining. And I, I can tell. And I just love it. I Like, I love People. It's, And I can just, I just, I'm serious. I feel like you're going to have like, we're gonna look back at this podcast almost and be like, oh my God. Like, remember that? Like, it was so cute. You're gonna have the craziest 'cause you're not backing down and the world just needs more women like that. And it's just, you're everything. You are a powerhouse. To me that Loki irritates me.


Is that Pop Off girl? Is that fucking the second there's any like, someone hands me my flowers, like the second you say that, right? There's always that comment that's like, why would you ever, why would she ever be an icon if she doesn't? Immediately? Of course. That is the first thing. Of course everyone says like, why do these girls idolize her? Why do these girls look up to her when like, this is not someone to look up to. Which Is, And I'm like, and I've always struggled with this so hard too because it's like, but it's Like I, at least for me, I mean, it's like they were gonna sexualize either way. I think men just, But why can't it just be because I fucking wanted to do a right. Yes. Why is that such a hard fucking concept to understand? I say, Hey, I just wanna pop it.


I wanna like, and that's okay. If that makes me feel good, that makes me feel good about myself. 100%. And it's fun. It's, I again, this is not everyone's scenario. This is very, I'm not glamorizing it. Yes. But you, there is something fun about like reclaiming a power that you not necessarily are supposed to have societally. Right. And feeling hot and being young and doing it with your girls. Like some of my favorite memories of the world are like all me and my friends having a wine night, wine and then bopping our pussies. Yeah. Like, like, And period. And you're gonna like do it gracefully, amazingly. And make a bag. Like, what the fuck is the, like, for me, I just don't like, again, Like, I just don't give a fuck. You know? But I like that You're going multifaceted with it too, and just doing all the things that you want to do.


I wanna know like, what's up your sleeve? You're just, you're a bitch with something up your sleeve. Like, what's coming? What are you excited about? You know me So well. So as you know, a bitch talks shit and period. I will stay talking shit. I'll stay talking. I love it. Fucking tea. But I kind of wanted to, I wanna veer into more, something more positive and fun like something. And I like that too, that you're not like, oh my God, now that people think I'm a hater, I just have to be the hater. No, hell no. Like, I love because Haters need love too. We are Too. It's true. People think you're the hater though. I don't, Like, I don't see anything, any of that and think like, oh my God, she's a, I feel like you're just like, you stick up for yourself. Right. But It's 'cause you get it, you know? Right. So Like that whole fucking side of the internet that's just like, oh, it's a woman yelling.


She's an evil. You know? And it's like, it's Like the reals people. It's like Real. Yes. It's Curious. Reels and TikTok, They're, they're different planets. Yo. Holy Shit. Like I'll feel, I'll feel like a badass bitch. I'm like going through my TikTok comments. I'm Like, I served. And Instagram's like, you fucking disgusting. Who you piece of Shit back. You should be in the kitchen making a Sandwich. I'm like, reels, humbled this shit out of us, dude. Like, oh my God. The comments on Cancelled on reels is so brutal. It's like these women, you could be Saying like literally the most insightful thing of all time. And the comments will always be like, get her off Of Here. Like, Make podcast equipment more expensive. They're Like, I e six feet under, I'm like, I'm reading that. I'm like, I'm like, noted. Nice. I'm like, double tap that one. That one's good.


I'm like, that one made me laugh. That one's a good one. That is, it Never Had this insecurity. I'll change that about myself. Yeah. That's How fa I found out I had a big forehead. I was like, Jesus. Oh my God. I didn't even know. I posted a TikTok the other day and the very first comment, I'm talking, this person got there in three seconds to say this shit was what episode of Botch is this? And I was like, you know what? Low Key I giggled clip. That's me. I'm Like, I just, They're Creative like it Me too. Like I do, I love a funny hate comment, like a good one where I'm like, you know what, touche. Like I'm gonna put that in the bank. Like, Look, I'll Pin it. Yeah. Like, That was funny. Look, you'll pin it. Look, y'all pin that one and I'll give a little haha in a comment, you know, Respond to it. Yeah. Like, you know what? Because that's all they want. It's like a hook. You Know? You, are you a Nicky fan?


Like that's like my favorite comic. Of course. Like, are you a Nicky fan? Oh, You love me. Say that. I'm so stupid. I, I'm like, of course. I love Nick M Hello Audio. I'm 40. Oh my God. I have to kill myself. I missed it too. Right? No, I'm gonna watch that back in the edit. I'm gonna, That's just like an old TikTok audio. No, I'm gonna Gen Z of me. I'm gonna watch that back in the edit. We're Well, I'm a millennial. She's a Gen Z. Am I, yeah. Anymore gen. I really am millennial. I Laughed at the most, like Facebook mom meme the other day. I was in tears laughing. And then I just sat silent in the car for 30. I was like, oh my God. I tell myself I'm doing it ironically. Like I'm laughing at them, but I'm laughing with them. No, I was just laugh. It was like me when the flight attendant offers me a snack and like a dolphin.


And I was like, ha ha, this is so funny. And I like actually was like, Oh my god. You know, saying, because Like, I will cry laughing. Like I'm talking like hyperventilate over like dogs and cats. Yes, Me too. Grandma. A AI animals. Is that like, why is it doing that? Yes. Or like the one, the microwave trend right now where like, they put their dog, I'm crying. Wait, tell the trend what, what happens? The Microwave trend where they're like, they put a picture of the dog and AI spins it around. Stop playing with me. Thank you. Thank you so much. No, you're lying. I don't know what it is. No, you're lying. Don't do this to me on wait. Podcast right Now. Microwave dog. We gotta look it up. Hold on. Oh, anise got it Right now. I'm screaming.


That's so fucking wait. How do I, how do I do that to Murph? You have to do that to Murphy. No, wait, I feel like Mouse is just doing That right now. No, that's not justifying the is already doing that. Yeah. Mouse is just at home right now doing that anyways. No, Please Stop. Why don't I want that of me? Like, I wanna be spinning around. Can you do it? Of me Like I'm screaming, crying, throwing up Please. Nine, five years old. I know. You're not just like that by the way. No, Honestly, I'm 95 years old sitting on my couch fucking screaming like, Like I get it. Grabbing my Julia being like, no, look. No, look, no look Like I'm, anyways. No, it's okay. We're, I'm embracing it. Listen, if I laugh at a millennial joke, it is what it is. You Know? And that's okay.


It's Okay. Wait, you were, so you were saying you wanted to do something more positive and we got so far off track. Okay. Okay. But I Love when we A, DHD and Kiki too. No, I just, you want her to forget. So anyways, I'm trying to be so positive and Like I love giving gifts. Like, I feel like that's one of like my languages. Me is like, it's like please open it. Like, I'm so excited me. But Like, I think it's something with OF too. 'cause it's Like I just robbed this man for this money, so how can I like give back to other people? I'm the same way you with my Parents for, to accept me. Me Kidding. But I was like, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do a giveaway And I'm gonna sell merch. So I'm like in the works of Like, I wanna give away a car. I'm like, so fun. Like, I have like two MacBooks, three iPhones Make David Dober great again.


Right. Great Era. Yeah. Phenomenal. Like, So great in theory. And now we just need like a hot woman doing it. You know what I mean? Right. In a bikini or something. Yeah. And With your Mr. Beast ties, you could be the car bitch. And that's kind of iconic. Yeah, I see it now. The red bows. You're in a red bikini, Right. And I'm like, brand new car. And I'm like, no. And Like, we need, we need a woman doing that. So I thought it was me for a second and then I just, oh, she gave Me a car. I don't know what I'm talking about. But I Got car. I gave her A car. What car? A Bronco Bright green Bronco. It's my favorite thing in the world. And she bought Kyla a car. Yeah. And Ashley a car. Three cars. Look fucking three Cars.


You get a car, you get a car, you get a car. But she, but she's over here like, girls need to be giving out cars. And I'm, I'm, I'm sitting here like, yeah, they, Well, here's the thing with one of those cars, it ended up like way later in life and like the car, I fully paid it off and like the whole thing. And then she ended up getting hit or like car crash or whatever. Oh my God. And it somehow ended up fucking up my credit while I'm buying a house. It like actually fucked up my mortgage and my shit. And it, and then I was Like, I'm not the car girl anymore. I was done but Just in time for me to get one. Yeah. You, you, You were the final Car. At least you got your, You are the final car. And now we're I bought, Hey, Hey, wait, lowkey bought my dad a car, bought my mom a car, bought myself. You're already the car girl. Like Lowkey my mom's car is like, You guys are slang, I just can't get over you walking in here.


She says, I'm gonna do a small little giveaway. I'm gonna giveaway a car. I go small little giveaway. But I love that, that to you. Like, it's like, no, listen, she's gonna be The ral. Listen what I wanna do. Right? Like if I'm thinking like three years ahead, Like I, if I, if I have like a, if you ask like, what's like a vision that you have that keeps you motivated, right? It would be, I want to do like, like a YouTube video or, or somehow integrate someone's personal story that I really resonated with and changed their life. Like, I want to buy someone a home and change someone's life. Like that is what would make me like, that would make Me, you're gonna do it So happy like a car. Yes. I understand that. That that does change someone's life. Like to be able to, you know, Like get around and get around And get a job.


And I know that that helps a lot. Even if they have nowhere to live. Like at least you got, you know, like a car or something. But I think with Like, I wanna get so personal with it. Like Mr. Beast changes the world in masses. Right. The blind, no one does what You gun shit. Like, And you don't see the personal story in between each person. He fixes a hundred people. You don't know these people's stories, which is incredible what he does for me. You, I wanna do like, Like a highlight person. Yeah. And like tell a story and, And you're such an interviewer. You wanna know people's Stories out this Yeah. Like, I wanna know their story, their truth. Like I want them to feel like you're About to be mean. Mrs. Beauty and the Beast. Yes. Yeah.


Wait, Wait, can you write that down? Wait, can I have 10%? No, I'm Just kidding. A business woman. Heart. And I also think truly like a lot of people do that shit, even when I was doing it. Like the views are nice, you know, yours was a little more Like, I wanted to do that. But like, Kyla's, I was like, listen, I'm do brick. I was living at his house. Like I fully, And I think that we haven't had someone doing it who really wants to know the stories yet. I do. And like with dates, Like I think that I'm also really big in music. Like, I not in music, Like I don't do music, but Like, I think music is a one thing that brings people together. And so making people feel in emotion through a video was something that like, is incredible.


Like, I want be, it's you look for, you wake up and you know, the tiktoks where you're like, oh my God, not me. Waking up crying about a TikTok like that made you feel something like, that's what I wanna do. Like I wanna make someone like watching Yes. My life. I live it. It's like, yeah, I portray it to be glamorous And I portray this thing, but Like I see the other side of it. Like I see the people that don't get to live that. And I know I'm part of the, the one person. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But Like, I, but being aware, I do think about, I, I am so aware And I do think about the people that I can't help and Like, I think that's just a part of like who I've always been. I've always, which is also a blessing and a curse. Put someone else before me. Yeah. Always.


But I love someone else's emotions. Someone else's financial problems. Like, I will always take them as my own because I'm Like, I know I always got me. Yes. Forever and always. I know. I feel you. I'm like that. Always have myself. But like, seeing them thrive, like bro, that's the one thing I love about the Bob House. We love watching everyone succeed. And that's hard too, to find other people like that. Like that's why a lot of those houses fail, even Like I houses. Yeah. Because in situations like that, it, yeah. It can be easy to get like jealous of other people, like who's doing better. Yeah. And obviously you put eight girls in a fucking house. There are issues and there are things, but like at the end of the day, we each have our own individual businesses and we want each of us to thrive. Yes. That's the God honest truth. Like, And that's so important, dude.


And I, I'm so excited to like, meet everyone. You're going to, I'm telling you like, you're gonna Love them. You're gonna, I can't wait to see everything. You need to come. I wanna pass. She's just not attending. I'm Already, I'm so afraid of Miami. Like I Scarred her too. And I told you how bad I was in Miami on the phone a little bit, you know, And I, she, It almost ended our friendship. No, and really, you, you can talk shit. Go ahead. Go ahead. No, it was just like, it was a bad time for everybody. Like, it was, there was a lot of issues. Like much bigger than us. But go ahead. She was with, she talk about it. She was with her ex at the time And I, I went with just them two. Okay. So we stayed in a room, like the three of us, two beds. Like I had one bed and they had the other red number one. Right. Horrible, worst idea I've personally ever had.


And just like the worst, like now if it was like me and Makoua, like we would like put on a wrong. No, that so much fun. Like, and for the first couple days it was fine. But like, they had the biggest blowout fight I've probably ever, like, it was giving like my mom and dad, I was so, I couldn't even believe what was happening. And I had a flight the next morning. It was like a whole thing. And I was screaming at them. They're screaming at each other. Like, we're about to get kicked outta the hotel. I missed my flight. It was a whole thing. I, I told myself in that moment, I never was gonna go back. I Think your flight was in like six hours and she just left to the airport. She's Like, I'd Rather what happened? It was like, I'd rather be, oh, that is what happened. It was like my flight was at like 7:00 AM And I was like, please let me go to sleep. Like we've been out for 24 hours straight. Like, I will do anything to just go to sleep. I have a middle seat the next day.


I'm like, and the flight, Oh my God. To La Yes. And I'm Like, I like 10 hours, six fucking Lemme go to sleep. And I finally got so angry that I went to the airport, sat there for six hours, and then got on a, a middle seat all the way home for six hours. And I hadn't slept in 24. We would've never spoken Again. No. 100%. 100. I And that's, it's so funny we don't talk about that like enough. 'cause even just with friends, I see it now and I'm not placing blame off of me. 'cause obviously Like I did that. But I'm saying like how hard it is to be friends with someone in a fucking toxic relationship. Yeah, it is. Because you just start fucking fighting. That's, that's so funny. 'cause me and Julia, everyone knows like our friendship is we're going on like 10 years. Like, that is my soulmate.


Like I stop, I'll cry, but I literally love her so much. And like we've had, she has the worst taste in men. Love you girl. But what the fuck? Oh, my sweet rookie hair d dealt for so long. I'm talking To You. Yeah, that's true. I guess we balance each other out with that for a while. And she's hated my exes and things like that. But like, it got to a point where like, there was this one time we were in downtown and Like I knew I, I hated this boyfriend of Hers. They would go back. It's the back and forth shit that you fucking hate. It's so you see her crying, you see how much he's done to her. Next thing you know, she's like, oh wait, but Like I low, he love him and you're like, What the fuck fuck's Like He's just, he's all the, All The way like on the way to the airport with us, all of a sudden you're like, oh, that's crazy.


Like you Didn't just say the most lethal, diabolical shit six hours ago. And I did that with him for a very, very long time. These days Think you out. But it got to a point where like in that moment we were out or whatever, And I saw him, he said some slick shit to her. And I just lunged at him. I did. I I did. I love, I took off my heel. Oh shit. And I just absolutely lunged at him. And I looked to her And I was Like, I swear to fucking, Like, I swear to Like, I, I can't do this anymore. And it did end our friendship for a year and a half. Didn't. And that's the thing to speak for a year. And the only thing that brought me to, because I, I had to rekindle it. 'cause I'm like, the love I have for her is, is unmatched when you're in a toxic relationship. Like, it's just, it's impossible to see.


It's just Not, you walk around with the rain cloud on your Head. Yeah. It's just not you. Like she wasn't herself like even me, like when I was in toxic relationships. Like she understood. She knew it wasn't me. And it's almost like as, as that friend, you have to sit there and take it and take the emotions and almost hurt with her while she hurts until she's done. Yes, you do. And Like, I, I had such a hard time with that 'cause I was so, Like, I wasn't understanding to a lot of my friends, like in horrible situations like that. 'cause I had never gone through it myself. Exactly. So once I had a situation like that, I felt so much guilt. 'cause I was like, oh my God, I cannot believe how I handled this with you bibe everybody. 'cause it was Like, I should have been there for them. And so now I feel way differently about it. But when you're in it, you cannot see clearly at All.


No. Like, it's literally like a fucking toxic you. It's be all end all. And your're heartbroken every other week. Like I say this, I'm like those heartbreaks from those toxic relationships. It's like, it's not like, oh, you're sad. Like, it, you, your body has a physical reaction. Yeah. It's like a drug Withdrawal. It feels so traumatic. It Literally feels like, like, like chest pain. You're dizzy. You can't sleep, you can't eat like your body. It's literally physical. Yeah. Insane. And Crying like that. Just like Even Sobbing. Even just what it's gotta do to you psychologically to normalize like sobbing like that all the time. Like, you know what I mean? Like being So hysterical and so Yeah. No, it's, it's really horrible. But I wouldn't wish it upon my worst enemy ever.


And it's So crazy. 'cause it's the same thing like a drug addiction. It's like your friends can try to tell you all they want, but it's not gonna work Until you decide To, until decide to get sober. Whether it's off this man or it's off this thing. Like, you know what I mean? Like, there's nothing you can do and it's so, and then you just wanna go back and shake yourself, you know? And then also like that causes trauma between the friendship, obviously. So I'm dealing with that right now with a friend of mine, but not like a best friend, but like a close friend where I'm just Like, I have to let her cook. Yeah. Like, and she, she's gonna see that be there When she comes back. And I think we're, When I see her pursuing someone, or like when she, when I started, you know, dating and things like that, we were kind of just like, you know, it's kinda like we're on the edge of our seat. Like, okay, how do we approach this?


Like, that's literally us, this man. Like I bet when you started dating Koa Correct. I don't wanna mispronounce his name. He's, everyones Like, what do you mean you're in love? He's, He seems Fucking amazing. He seems like, like you're like the fire and he's the water. And it just mellows. It's, that's how it comes across. It's, And I think that people like us, we need that. Yes. We need that. We like, we need to be able to go on a fucking rant. And he's like, no, totally get you. And then you, his energy makes you kinda like, be able to rationalize and be logical about it. Yes. Which is, I would always date men that was like fire and fire and it's like fucking explosion. We were Just literally saying that before you got here. But just Like I needed, I always thought I had to have a big, big personality. Same. And I feel like that's not true. I love to have somebody who's just like, okay, I'll be Like, I hate when you do that.


And I like, yeah. I'm like, what the fuck are you fucking doing? And they're like, they're like, no. Yeah, totally. See why you never happen. And I feel like a dick. Oh, Like I Fucking, oh my God, I have that all The time. The amount of times I've cried because of the things I've done in a sense of like, 'cause no one really knows, like I'm in a fully like relationship and Like, I have been for like two and a half years, three years. I know. I just found this Out. Like, I didn't know that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. She's a marketing genius, she said. Not today. Yeah. I mean, I love him. Like, I'll never deny my boyfriend ever, but it's just not something that I publicize just because Good For you. That's my fucking man. What the fuck? You gotta be looking at my man for? What the fuck? Anyways, but like, we'll get into arguments and I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, fuck da. Like in his fucking face. And he's like, yeah, no. Like I, I see, understand his attitude completely ch like I'm crying.


Not because of what he said, because of I'm fucking nuts. No. Oh my God, I'm a fucking lunatic. I'm such a bitch. And I'm sitting in my head, I'm like, I'm like, he's gonna, I don't deserve him. Like he is gonna Leave me like, girl, I cry because did something so embarrassed to Maa like that. I, whenever I think about it, even to this day, I wanna go back just to jump off the tip of the Eiffel Tower. Oh. Like it's, oh my God, he is fucked. I can't, like, no, But he's so understanding. He is. And he's so far gone to him. But even if I, like, even when I just think about us in Paris, I'm like, oh my God, I actually have to lay on the 4 0 5. Like it's, and it's crazy untraining toxic girl. You know? Like it's that part, it's, I notice it every day. That part, even when, 'cause we're kind of long distance.


So like when he leaves I'll notice myself like reverting to those anxious behaviors, which lead to me lashing out. And then it's like He's trying to start an argument and Yeah. A hundred percent Yes. And then it's like, wait, I'm not mad at you, I just miss you. Like, and I'm, and the one thing that changed my like demeanor in the relationship is being embarrassed of my own actions. Yes. Oh my God. And I've never put that into words like that. Being Embarrassed of my own actions has changed me as a fucking human being. Like the way I would speak to people, the way I would Like, I don't know. Like I'm not a, I'm not not self-aware. Like I fucking know.


Like, he has looked at me dead in the face and he, he'll be like, yeah, when you're done yelling, we can have a conversation. Mm. And he'll just walk away. It's nothing, it's nothing personal. He's just like so powerful. He's like, when you're done, he'll sit there like, at you like this, you'll be, I'm screaming at the top of my lungs and he'll go, yeah, no, when, when you're done. He's Like, I get it. I understand you're upset when you're done. We can have a conversation. I'm gonna go eat my, but why would that, I'm so, I'm so hopeful. I'd be like, What do you mean? No, you no, no. Yeah. And I'll sit there And I'm like, and I'm like twitching. And I'm like, all right. And I'll, and I'm still, don't get me wrong, I'm pissed off for like five, five hours after. But I will, and he doesn't treat me differently in those hours. It's not like a, he's gonna ignore me's. Like you're, he's like, Hey, do you want food?


Or Hey, do you want this? Do you wanna go? It's literally Maa, Are you hungry? And I'm mad at what, what am I mad at? So then I come around And I come obviously crying And I'm like, so like, sorry, you still Lume me or what? No. I'm like, oh no. Cool. So like, you still, like, do you still want, you still Lume me, right. And then for three days And I days I'll, I'll take Chipotle For three days. It's literally that. No, for sure. It's toxic relationships. Fuck. Fuck you up, you up so bad. Fuck you. But it is, I think we talk about this a lot now too. For so long I was in such denial of the cool down period. Right. Even Amari gets on me about this. Like, if Amari And I are fighting, it's Like I wanna hash it now. And as I've gotten older, I have realized the cool down period. So will save your life.


I'm still bad At it. Me Too. With friends. Me too. I'm just saying I'm still Bad at it Innately. We have different, we have different feelings on that. Like I think you're a like, solve it in this moment. That's how I'm, And I'm having to understand more and more. Yeah. I Don't know. I'm still, I'm not gonna lie, I'm still bad at it. Like, Julia, it's, this is so crazy. 'cause this seems like the dynamic of me and Julia. Like, she's very like bubbly and just like a, just she's so cute. And she's not confrontational and she's very like, calm. She's very calm. And like, you're like me. You're Like, I well fuck that bitch. Fuck this bitch. Da da. You're Misunderstanding the dynamic. Really? We're both Fine. No. Oh my God. It seems like you're so like relaxed. No, I'm, I, I'm, no, I'm Actually fucking, it's not true.


Nuts. Yeah. No, I'm very reactive. Well, I just get, I'm super hyper emotional And I get, get very, very like, upset over things like probably irrationally. And so, But We, that is an issue that I have with pretty much everyone. Yeah. But we've worked it out a lot. I think you've grown a lot in that sense. Like you're much better at saying things, not saying things you don't mean now. Yeah. We More aware of it now. Like now I, I know that there's like a bigger, a root like root of the issue. Right, right, right. But hello? Oh my God. Is that the queen? Hi my queen. Is that I just watched the cutest video of them. We just, it was you, right. We're talking about you Where you came home with the Birkin, right? Was this you? No, that was Sophie. Sophie videos.


Sophie came home, she's like her mess bought house queen. She comes home with a Birkin and she's showing her and she's going, what is this? Why would you spend that that on this? She was Like, she's Like, I don't understand why you would spend 30 Grand. No. And it was, it was just the cutest video absolutely ever. Oh, I love you. It was the cutest, cute, sweetest. That video was everything. But yeah, like If we were to fight, like it's very like, I'm like, no, we're solving this now. And she's Like, I just don't get why you're yelling. I'm, I'm like, What do you mean? I just, it's really hard. Like once I feel a certain way for me to like Unfeel it. Yeah. It's really hard. And I feel Like, I don't know, the, the very common misconception is that I'm, I'm calm and Really? Yeah. And Like, I gotta, I hate, I hate to even admit that, but it's, it's true. I'm very, I just get so upset.


Are you like Pinky petty? I'm not, I'm not so much petty as I am. Just Like I, everything is, the sky is falling and everything is, my emotions are so zero hundred, so much bigger than they actually are always Like, I like something so like minuscule can turn into like, Like, I can't believe blow blowout believe they would do this to me. Yeah. Really Big summer blowout. Yeah. But it's just the way, like everything's perceived to me. It's like, oh my God, everyone hates me. The world is against me. Like, I don't know why. And we had to work on that a lot too, where, you know what I mean? Like, I had to, in those moments it'd be Like, I love you. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I that's, And I know your brain is telling you that. I don't Yeah. We're just so different in the way that we handle conflict. And that's been like, that has been the conflict.


I feel like, oh my God, for just for so Long, I'm gonna, let's the fuck hash it out. Like I'm a let's hash it out because I hate that feeling of having to wait to have that conversation. Because for me, the cool down period is Like, I still feel it. Like, it's like, even if I'm not as, it's a dormant, it's just like, yeah, when we start talking about it, I'm going to still wanna like Mm. Blow up. And I, And I don't know how to articulate it. I mean, obviously I've gotten better and not, I'm not gonna scream, but Like I'm very, I'll say it very passionately And I think that that can cause people to shut down. I Just have to be careful about that because if I hash it out in the moment, I'm gonna say so many things. I don't mean it's gonna be way bigger than it should be because of how emotional I am about it.


So it's Like I, I see. Need the refractory period just to be just to like come to my senses and like see it for what it was rather than what I thought It was. What your grade is making it out to be. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I even, you had taught me so much about, because I am like, give her A sec. I am innately very much like, let's talk it out right now. That's right. Like, I guess when I say the cool down period helped me, that's for me when I'm hot and angry. But even with our relationship, like we had to learn, I had to really learn like, no, we're gonna revisit this in a day and we're gonna Say Yeah. Because by then I will always probably come and be like, I'm so sorry. I don't, I, I said this because I felt this And I was, You know, a lot of people that Way outta my mind. A lot of people cannot say no, But I don't always do it.


A lot of people can't that You when they're wrong. I think You grown so much. I'm getting better. I really do. You know It's self-growth. Yes. That's amazing. I love that. It really is. It's so cutie. I can't wait to go to 11 with you. You should come. Honestly, I would come. Listen, I'm gonna be very honest. I have lived in Miami going on three years now. I I don't go out. I have not been to the beach. I am, I'm telling you like, the only reason my ass is at Liv is 'cause of Julia's fucking ass. And she's like, no, we need a girl's night. We need a girl's night. Takes me to fucking live. I spent 10 grand. So I'm Like, I hate going out. Yes. I don't like the culture of going out. Miami's promoters, most expensive Promoters suck. The, the Miami's the most expensive misogynist. That's what I but I Ass, I love the daytime of it all.


I love to be on a boat. I love to be at the beach, Not see. And now that I'm sober, I almost need a Miami tour guide that will show me the light. Right. Like, I need you to show me the things in Miami that won't like my make me slit. Like Yes, queen please. I'll keep you on not off edge. I'll keep you on edge. Yeah. We're gonna move into like a more wholesome Miami vibe. Yeah. And I would love that. That I like yachts. Like I need to rewrite it. Yachts Are fun. They're, they're contained. You could get a little fucked up. It's like you get fucked up. It like it's gorgeous. 3:00 PM you nap until seven that I can do you have like, and then you get ready after with like a sun kiss tan you go to dinner. Yeah. And you get a little more fucked up at dinner. That's me. I don't Do see then I'd be doing off the table. It's like the God, That's where we don't align.


Yes. And that's good. That's why I'm sober. But then I'm, I'm a hazer. Never my life have, have done. I'll be getting her drunk. Ever Do life in my life have done for any hard drugs who hasn't smoked a little weed? Mm. I'm a paranoid fucking bitch. I cannot smoke for the life of me. But no, listen, I'm an anxious one too. I feel like I'm Like, I wish I could be the cool bitch with the blunt with like some long fingernails that looks, but but me knowing, I think the cops are coming. I think everyone hates me. And I think I'm having a, I'm going under cardiac arrest and somebody to take me hospital e immediately. E immediately. I wish I could be the bitch that smokes pot, sit on the couch, have a glass of wine And I Eat strains kind of matter too because Like, I don't, Because it's Like, I don't like, like the trial and error rub it all.


It's like, it's like birth control. It's like, you mean three months? I have to do it. It's Like I don't wanna be high like a bad high for long enough to find out what works and what doesn't. Yeah. Like I'd rather just not Yeah. I Just don't. I'll get a little white girl wasted here and there. Yep. But anyone in my life will tell you I just don't drink. Like I, and that's great. And I, I don't know if it's because I'm like, honestly hon, I genuinely think it's because I'm Like, I could be spending my time doing something productive. Yes. And that's just me took me way too long to realize how That's just me. Like why the fuck would I go out with people who one half the time, the people that we go like, like the random girls you meet when you're out, don't give a fuck about you. Like they don't actually benefit you in any type of way.


When I could just go home, like pop my pussy, make some money. Like, you get what I'm saying? Like, why wouldn't I just do that? Yes Ma'am. I think it took me so long to realize that, that like, the going out scene is just so regressive and the promoters, it can't Be fun every once in a while when there's a reason to celebrate, why not? Right. But I feel like there's a way to do it. And I just feel like it's Groundhog's Day. Like literally every single night, the exact same thing happens in the same people. You're are there and you're like, oh my God. And you're not gonna find love and you're not gonna make a best friend. You're not gonna, you hear That, Julia, you're not gonna find love. Thank you. And But it's so hard because I was Julia for, so she's Like, no, but I need to go to Sway and find this man. I'm like, you're not finding your husband at Sways and Denoble. Yeah, right.


But no, but it's a, I was fucking Tight skirt on. Go to an accounting firm and say, you need some shit. Drop a pencil, Drop a Home Depot And Over show your thong and you'll fucking find a hot man. Like do something different. Like show up at the Ritz Carlton, have a fucking drinking, hike up your skirt a little and fucking talk to a rich man. Like, who just Said that? Like, go where the rich men hang out and look lost. Like that's what you do Sway. I it is, it's no, but it's so wild. 'cause I truly, I was so damn convinced that I was gonna find my husband in that club. Babe. You're gonna find a 40-year-old man with a erectile dysfunction and a problem. And arguably he likes minors with a white in the club. Yeah. And five days and yeah.


And it just, oh my God, it's so wild. And it's so easy too, I think like being a party girl. You know what I mean? Like, at first it's so fun. Like we know that. And so many people just get addicted to that then Like, I was so addicted to the scene. And, and the thing Is though, like growing up in North Carolina, I genuinely believed has saved me from a lot of bullshit because I, okay. I also worked at a bar the second I was able to. Right. So I've seen that. I've been able to party and make money at the same time. Yeah. So I'm like, oh, this is great. And Like I you probably saw the regular alcoholics too, right? And like Y'all, you specifically were in a position, you were young making money and going out like, And from Vegas, bro. Doomed from the jump, bro. How do you not Yeah, I, yeah, I think my cards, you, I'm saying for me it was easy not to, 'cause it's North Carolina, there's no, there's like bars and it's fun.


And it's like Kiki, it's more like classy. Yeah. There's no like clubs there. I, the first time I've ever heard the genre of EDM was in Florida, never in my life have ever heard of John Summit of any of these people until I got to a big city and I'm like, this shit will fuck you up if you start at the age of 1516 with a fake id. How do you not like, genuinely, like how do you not get addicted to, how do you not start drugs? How do you not get with people who are trying to pimp you out? How do you not? And 100%. Oh, And I did you, I saw a photo of my fake ID the other day. I was going through my camera roll and it was just, I had red fish nets on and there was a photo of my fake id. And it was just so brutal. I was like, oh my God. Right. It was a powerful time.


You know, it all had to happen for me to learn, but I always just wanted, it has shaped you. I wanna tell the girlies out there, you know, that just like, if you're lost in that club party scene, like, get Out man. Yeah. And if you Haven't gotten there yet, skip it. Don't Do it. Yeah. It's so easy not to do it. It's just, you just not going. And even just like The way, like you saying that you've never done in a room full of people in LA ever there. I, I can almost, I would bet my foot that you could go in a lot of rooms in LA and say that and everyone's like, oh my God, what? Like, that's so lame. Like, just try it. And it's like, why wait, So like, why try it? Yeah. Like, no, but I'm the bitch to say, so why? That's What I'm saying. Like, and it's, you're eating with that. And I wish someone had told me that like, it's cool not to do drugs.


You're like, if you get out of it, you're gonna look back and be like, damn. Think it's, I think it's fear. And honestly, this all boils down to not knowing you because it's Like, I don't wanna be the odd one out. I don't wanna be the one not off. That's scares me. Like, you know what I mean? Like, Like I don't wanna be a part of it. Like I don't feel left out. And so that's how I, a lot of people Do it and then it's Like, I wanna be numb and then it's Like I, you know what I mean? And it's like, you like it. The problem is, And it's like people, that's The problem. That's what I don't understand about like, just try it. It's like for what? For me to find out. I love it. And now I'm doing heroin. Me, like, not the heroin. Me Especially if you like, especially if you know like person by person. Like if you have family members who are addicted to it. Yeah. I'm, if you have DIC personality, like, like, And I had all of that. Me like, bro, I vaped forever. Did you Quit?


I did. Like, I How did you quit? I just, how'd you quit? I just stopped see a sign. See, I Literally don't know how, I just thought the spirit said, I Know. Oh, my, the ghost went, wait, honestly, they might be my favor. Yeah. Like, hello? I just, I don't know how to, like, for me it was not, yes, it was difficult. When is it the most difficult when you had a couple drinks and you're Like, I wanna fucking rip a goddamn vape right now. Like that's like everything I would ever want in that moment. But like on the day to day, like you just stop buying it. I've been able to stop most things. I don't know what it is. It's crazy. Like benzos and alcohol are arguably harder. Like whatever, you know? And it's like, It's the, I I genuinely think it's the hand, the Oral fixation.


It's this, it's this movement. I don't think you And the smoke shop, like the accessibility, the legality, the, you know, Like I could just walk in there and Lume. You Can't even drive. Like how accessible is it to you? You're so right. You can't drive At all. Like you're just a bad driver. No, she's Never driven. No, I do not know how And I do not. Wait, What do you mean? Wait. Yeah, Wait, hold on. Raised By, I have a driver's license. What the fuck do you mean you don't? She's bought three cars. Zero license. Wait, can you wait, wait. How Old are you? Let me give you the smack pack. Okay. Raised by monkeys. Drop out, move out LA by like 16.


One of my very first sponsorships was Uber. I actually don't talk about this a lot, but back in the day, Uber used to just gimme free rides to talk about them. Which is wild. They would literally never know I would do anything. They would never now, ever. But they were a startup. And I was, I was a driver's license list bitch. And then substance abuse. So then it was Like I could never be behind the wheel. And then it just, Like, I just kept getting older and it still scares me personally with my A DHD and the way I've been a passenger princess for so long. Okay. That I'm like, okay, I don't wanna be a danger to everyone in my car and outside of my car. I know. I, it would Be good. It's like, it's once, you know how it's like second Nature. I will say though, probably learning to drive in LA is the worst thing you could Do.


That's so thing. Yeah. But do you ever plan to have kids? What about soccer practice? I don't know. I'm just thinking in the future. Like, what about like, mom can, can you take me to my friend's house? Oh, daddy's gonna take you. Or nanny, right? Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe that's okay. So You're gonna learn Learn. No, that's 2025 for sure. I like should, but I've also tried a lot and it's one of those things where it's like, it's like learning Chinese to me because I never wait. That's such a YouTube. YouTube, it's hard for everybody to, when you come Miami, I did a whole moment. I I did that whole series. Obviously David Dober and Jake Paul weren't gonna teach you how to drive Tana. But like you Should learn in Vegas or Arizona. I somewhere there's where there's a grid system because it's like, that's just the easiest way to learn. And like, Yeah, learning here is, that's the other thing in the beginning, It's like anything, there's so many things to think about.


So it is like anxious and overwhelming. But like once you know, you're not not thinking about driving. When you're driving. You're just driving. Wait, why did I not know? You didn't have a driver's license. Yeah. It's crazy. Good pussy though. No, I'm just kidding about it. That's All that really matters. Just kidding. You can ride, But like, yeah. No, but yeah, that's the thing. I can't drive, but I can ride. Exactly. No, but I would, but then I also, you know, I hate authority. I would be like, but I can text and Drive. There's people, I mean people, you New York and never drive a car in their lives, but like, we don't live in New York. I will, I'll dabble. Maybe The necessity to drive isn't that big here. Especially with, I'm like, Waymo exists now. What's gonna exist when you have kids? That's true. You're gonna have A self-driving car.


Car. They're gonna be droning them to school. Wait, could you Have your own self-driving car? Like if Tesla Waymo can do it? Tesla? Like, I think so. Oh, you mean like really self-driving? Like Really? Like, like that's Definitely the future though. Can wait, can I just buy a Waymo? Yeah, that's what I'm asking. I guess Waymo, they just sit in it Please. Or Like have it and parked in your garage and you're like, oh, I, my kid needs to go to soccer practice. Like this car's gonna take him. I I'd be scared. I'd rather, yeah, I'd be scared. And all the Waymo malfunctions, like themi story Way. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you remember her y where like it was during the LA fires one of our friends. Like could You, like, I'm imagining this Like, I'd be fucking pissed if my life was taken away through a fucking self-driving car. It wasn't even in my God control And I lost Life. Some final destination.


Shit. I'd pissed. I'd be pissed. What a, what a lame way to go out. That's, that's so what happened to me? Could you Imagine Like, like WRL news just covers like, oh we have here on the scene Camilla dead by Waymo. Like I would delete it. No, that's Just die on a lime scooter. That's how I feel about it. I'm like, all my friends would have to lie. Like, I'm Like, I so afraid in an embarrassing way. Car You are afraid of dying in an embarrassing way. Me Because it's like, like, and it can't be that like say anything but that like she got hit on lying A lime your will Call your attorney, put it in your will. I'm going to, well I'm on record right now. You will not know if I die from of mysterious causes. Turn the other cheek. Yep.


Yep. It was a lime scooter, but we won't know. Won't see anything. Yeah. Wow. Okay, so do you have a list of questions? I don't want you to feel like you don't know something. You Know what it is, is I have this whole list of like interview questions for you and then you sat down and you started talking and it's Like, I don't know, at least I hate this. I'm sure you do too. Like when you go on a fucking podcast and then it's Like I sit down and they're like, so what was it like being with Jake Paul? Tell us about Tanako. Do this, do And they just hit the Like the mainstream shit, The bullet points of the mainstream shit. And it's like you're leave feeling Like exposed. Like what did they just do to me? Or just the repetitive same shit. Like if she were to go on any podcast right now, they're gonna ask her to hit those notes of Alabama and this and that. And then I was like, wait, this girl is more than that.


Like I just want Kiki And Right. And I think, I mean it's important to hit those things to, so I can tell, I feel like when I'm interviewing, I don't say much about me. I let that person tell their story. It's almost like their moment. I'm just the one asking the questions. I think for me, the hardest thing about doing these interview podcasts and things like that is when that person doesn't feed off of my energy. Mm. And when they can't make a conversation flow, it really puts me in a weird position. Like, if anybody watched the Santos podcast, I feel Like I was digging man. Like I sat there for a fucking hour. Like just needing more. Like, I'm Like, I'm like, come on, that's, I haven't seen that yet. Wait, No, I start just making things up. I'm, I have, I struggle with that so much.


I just did like a club appearance situation in Chicago and the promoter, like, I mean his whole job is to like, you know, take you out, like make you have fun and stuff. And Like, I had to go to the club. I hate going to the club. Yeah. So I was like, whatever. And I was really Like, I was like, gonna do it. I was so excited. I was like, I'm gonna do dinner and everything, like old times. Yeah. He picked up me and Bebe Bebe's, my best friend, silent, literally, we had to sit at dinner for, with him like, for like three hours I wanna say. And he did not say a word the entire time. So me and Bibe were just making things up, like, like trying So conversation. It's hard. So hard to get conversation. It's hard. A fucking ass. Yeah. It Was impossible. We ended up grabbing two girls in the bathroom and saying like, can you please pretend that we like went to college together and come sit down with us?


And, and They did. Oh, see, that's iconic. Yeah, we Did. It was like, it was so funny. We got to the table. I'm like, she was in my sorority. He's like, what sorority? She's like Catholic. Delta. He wouldn't have fucking known. You could have made a fucking word up. Right. But like, she was impossible. No one was interviewing that is just like, or when you think it's gonna go one way so hard. And then it goes And it doesn't. And it didn't Like, I wanted to, like, first of all, what are Your main questions? I don't know enough. I asked him about the astro vio stuff and 'cause that it, it was a segue, right? Like I did ask Tino. It did well, I asked very direct questions and Ash just fucking talks, which is great. Yeah. For her, me just, just the entertainment parts. Yeah. No, keep going With Santos.


He showed up. Okay. This is like B ts. I haven't actually talked about this. Just 'cause I didn't wanna give, I didn't wanna post another video about him, because in my mind I'm like, bro, fuck it. It doesn't, it didn't fucking matter. Whatever he shows up, right? Fried, I mean, absolutely. Out of his fucking mind. Couldn't form mumbling fried Weed, you think? Or you think like further Weed. But here's the tea. We didn't love this. So he's, he's like, he comes in and he's like, yo, I'm sorry. Like, I'm just so fucking fried. Like, And I'm looking at him like, okay, here's the difference. If you smoke every day, you know how to act. Mm. It's not a, an occasion for you. Like, and also, I flew you out. I put you in a hotel and for you to show up, fucking that pissed me off.


Yeah. I'm not gonna make it a big deal 'cause I have something to fucking do. Right? Yeah. Whatever. He's fried. I'm like, okay, hopefully this is like a everyday thing for him and we can get something done. I can get the things I want answered and we can move on. Call it a fucking day. He sits down. He's, the whole time I'm trying to get, remember the TikTok I did with him? Whatever. He's the entire time being Like, I have cotton mouth. I'm so fried. And I could tell it was, it like clicked in my head. I'm like, that's how I act when I've ever smoked. Therefore, I know he's not a smoker. He's tweaking and he's something's up. So I can, When, when you're so high, you just have to keep saying, I'm so high. Yes. Happens, happens to the Best of us. He hit that like 90 times. He like, can I have water? Can I have this, can I have this, can I have this? And he's like, he ordered food there.


He brought this guy. Right. I'm probably so nervous too. And like as a guy, men are never gonna say, Hey, I am so nervous. No, he Was, he's sweating bullets. He, bro, you could see the fucking sweat on it. Like, I could just tell I'm already a little angry. I'm like, you showed up fried whatever. He orders Uber Eats. He sits down in the middle of the fucking thing. He's like, yo, can you let my boy up? I'm like, what? And I don't mind you bringing anyone that's not, that's not my issue. It's like, yeah. I want you to feel comfortable enough to be able to speak and kind of feel like have somewhere in have Room thing after thing. Like we've had that, you know, where you have someone on and it's like, okay, I've gotten you the drink. You've gotten up to pee three times. Yeah. You've gotten distracted off camera. Yeah. You've taken the phone call and it's like, hello.


No, that's completely disrespectful in my opinion. I'm so, so, Like, I would, I would actually say something, but I was like, podcast Etiquette isn't spoken about enough. Yeah. Not that I'm putting the careful down. Right, right. Okay. Feet out. Always Right. Let me stop. Actually, I retract that. I'm sorry. Having shoes on the couch. Yeah. Oh yeah. Me, me being like, pussy out the whole fucking time. No, no. You have, you have it. He sits down. He's, he's like, you know my, can I have my boy up here? I'm Like, I'm like, who is he? Because I need to know for my own safety. Like, who the fuck are you bringing in here? Like, you know, I feel like we should talk about this before. And You don't know what the trevinos Do. It's his boy that gave him the weed. And it's just like his, he said it was for security purposes. He Invited the plug. Yes. I he invited the plug. I don't know if he's armed. I don't know nothing. And so what does he need security for the Yeah.


Who the fuck it stop. So fucking real Security being like, the new thing is so funny. I think that's Just what he said. Because he's so fried out of his mind with security. Like, he needed to make something up for me to not question him. So I'm like, whatever. I'm not even gonna, I'm not even gonna press you on this matter right now because you are so fucking out of your mind. Right. So he is just, you know, you know, just being a, just being weird. This boy comes in, he's very nice. I will say nothing wrong. He's very kind. He sat there the whole time, actually said nothing. I tried, you know, I try to talk to the people that come in the room because I don't want you to feel like I'm not addressing you. Like, I will always address the person that comes in like, hi, how are you? Nice to meet you. Yeah. You know, whatever. He, and then Santos, He smell like straight weed, you know? I don't know if he's armed.


That's the whole thing. So anyways, we'll take security precautions next time. Yeah. Anyway, we're sitting in this podcast. I don't know if we left it in or not. He got up to pee like five times. Okay. Like, he's the beginning of the astro lure. Right. So she talked about him on my last podcast. So my natural reaction was I'm, when I put him on there and have him kind of segue the story, I have someone that writes flashcards for me. Mm. And I will go back and forth Yeah. On, you know, questions and things like that. So I have like a deck of flashcards and I'm like, all right, question after question after question. 'cause I'm being very direct. Like I Want What were you like trying to get out of him? Like, what was, what was Like, I want, what would the dream have been? The dream would've been, you need to tell me the exact story of how you somehow ended up getting asa Where the hell did she come from? Yeah. How'd they meet? Exactly.


We don't know his live or something. He just went live with people and said that that's how they met. Like, it was very one worded responses. It didn't flow. It was very like, yeah. And I feel Like I have direct questions, but I, and this is something that I harp on. I will never sit there and attack you. Like even with Astro vio. Yeah. I could have sat there and be like, you fucking crazy ass bitch. Like every, Get nothing out of them. You'll get Nothing out of the person if you sit there and attack them. So you have to almost be light. Yeah. And like address It. Inquisitive it Very specifically. Yeah. You have to address it very specifically and make that person feel comfortable enough to tell their story. Right. Because that's the end of the, that's the end goal, right. Is to that person to be able to tell their side of the story what It was his goal even of be like, clout.


Right. Brooke? Like what do you think? Like, he just wanted her for clout. I don't, I have No clue. Meo. Like, why he involved No. Him wanting why he ever got involved with her. I think it was, they kind of mutually benefited each other. Right. Like, they came out with this song, they started doing live. They, she, he, he kind of exploited the fact that she was, there's A music in my Opinion. Yeah. Like, they made a song together. You wanna know how it as Santos, you know, it smell Well they made a song together, went fucking crazy. Like there's lure behind this astro thing with Santos. And that was my, well Duh. You had to, it was the sequel. Right. So when he's sitting there, he, he gets up in the middle of the segment and he's Like, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. I'm like, all right, you've got up like five times.


What am I gonna say? No. Right. So he goes, he comes back and like things get weirder. Like he's, he seems more like neurotic. Like, he's like, he's like, can I get water? And like, he's like, can I get water? You think it's, you think it's like the plug and it's all So Not so you having like, that's so insane. He's No like, he's just being more Like, I need, I need water. I need, I need this. Like, like, or can we, he asked me in the middle pockets, can we redo this tomorrow? Like can we do it again? I'm like, no. Like this. I'm my time. No, You're just trying to get the astro sequel. And then this man like flying him out and he's just showing up on blow. I was so disappointed to anything. I Don't think that's ever even happened to us. Like I, us having someone out on the pod, bro.


I don't think so. So this Is why I didn't say anything, because this is all alleged. You can, I cannot prove that he did. It was just your experience. Yeah. But at the end, when he left, it was really awkward. He ended up leaving. He was fine. And he texted me, he was like, I'm sorry I have the text message. He was like, I'm sorry I was fried. Right. I'm like, it's fine. You did Fried. Fried is one thing, but like fucking Wolf of Wall Street is another, I'm Like talking to my team in my like, 'cause they were there. They go in the bathroom, they're like, look, I took this video as evidence just in case he ever tried to, you know, pin anything against you. But like, there's like these little tissues with like blood in The Oh, yep. Enough said In the, in the trash. Can we, don't I have no, I have no ground to stand on to say he was doing, but what, what can I assume?


Yeah. Right. Do you get what I'm saying? Podcasting on also sounds like the biggest nightmare. Imagine watching that back the next day. No, And I would be like sitting at, so get this. I love. Right. I like that Thanksgiving. So, Wow. Give thanks. So he went on live the next day and said, you know, Camilla, I feel like she was asking me such direct questions and like with her big blue eyes and she goes, man, I just wish he, he verbatim. I have the clip safety. He goes, I just wish someone would've let me do it sober Would've let you, nobody made it. You shoulda have let you do it sober The way, I wish I could move my eyebrow right now to be like the fuck. Like, I, I'm trying, This is me.


You Wish someone let me, We we, we should have a little remote where sometimes we could just raise Them. Literally. Just like, huh. Yeah. But I, yeah. Yeah. I What? That's brutal. Well, at least this is the closing of that for you. Like, it's not like now you have to go interview a fucking, I'm saying third cousin. I'm saying, I'm like, you're Done. I'm so done. Like, I'm like, fuck It. And You've done that bitch, whatever. You Did what you needed to do. And now I think all it is really is just that she should go to jail. And then it's like, Did you see the new advancement? What? Which, You know, you know what I'm talking about with like ham?


Her talking about Ham Ali? No. It's Like, I guess the guy that she is dating in prison killed a man. Okay. And it was somebody's father and the daughter of that person, if I'm not mistaken, this is all what I, right. What I have gathered from Clips comes onto her live and she goes like, he deserved it. He deserved what happened to him. Like, and yeah, She did say that. Yep. She's like, he deserved what happened to him. And then she goes on to say like, his name is Mohamed. How do you know he's not the Mohamad that nine 11. Yep. Verbatim. And laughs about it. I'm so tired. Like, I'm like, let me sleep tired. Like I am so tired Down was so crazy.


And her just saying like, he deserved to die. He deserved to die. You don't respect me. He deserved to die. She is. It's So insane. She's disgusting. Like Really disgusting. No, And I, And I genuinely, Like I have said this, like there's no, I, I don't believe in a world where she's not, she does not have a mental illness. No, Of course. There there's Seven. There Has to be no a diagnosis for someone like that. There's It's narcissistic personality disorder. Start arrested development. Maybe like a bipolar mania situation. Lemme stop. But She, she's, she, I think manic. Yeah. I think she's manic. Like I'm being for real. Like, I dunno if you noticed, did the podcast with her love the Bob House.


They're great podcast. Didn't go the way she think it narciss, but she thought it was gonna go narcissist. Boom. Text Textbook narcissist too. And it's just like, at least you're done. Like it's, I'm done. No, For sure. I Think you showed the people what you're fucking made of with that. And now thank God it's over. Don't Wanna beat it in too much. Like, it's like, okay, we get it. She sucks. She's gonna continue to suck. She'll forever suck next. Sweet. You Continuing to suck him. Forever sucking. I didn't even ask you this once. And I just wanna know, what is your take right now on today's date of the whole bad baby Alabama situation? Where do you stand with all of it? I'm gonna be very honest. Like, I think I'm, I'm I a, I admire Danielle a lot, or bad baby a lot for being, she's so who she is.


And I think that, you know, she stood on that. And I think Alabama is young. I think she has a lot of growing to do, like naturally. Right? Like, I feel like to be very honest with, I feel like I've heard the same story about her a hundred times. And I don't think that that's like, we shouldn't stamp her and be like, she's gonna be fucking terrible forever because we all fucking have sucked at one point. Mm. We've all made dumb ass decisions. And I feel like right now is just, I think honestly she kind of just needs this moment. Like that's just my genuine opinion. Like, I have no hate for her at all. Alabama, none. I have no hate for her at all. I think that there's a lot of learning to do and no one's gonna grow if they continue to keep beating each other in the fucking ground. Granted bad babies about her fucking shit.


Okay. Like you wanna say in your district, you wanna catch her out the fuck side. I would be so inside if I were Alabama. Right. Like, please, please catch each other outside then. Like, she called you out. You called her out on a fucking Yeah. And that to me though, like, Like I, you fight. Yeah, you fight. Like for sure. Like even if you Thing is, if Alabama really wants to say she's about her shit, at this point, let's get the Calabasas Commons, you know, let's shut the air one down and let's hold the fight there. You know, like Yeah. Like, Honestly, like if y'all trying to, if you're trying to make a bag, like host a fight. Oh My God. Imagine they like boxed Each other. Yeah. Like host a fight. And It's so funny. 'cause for some reason I just feel like Alabama would think she's above that. And if anything it's like, well, she Always says I'm Chris would never let That happen.


I think a quote directly from Alabama was, I'm too, like I'm too above that. Like I don't fight. And then I think she was in the studio and she was like, what'd she say? She was like, I'm gonna call you bitches. Lucy Lume or something. Yeah. Like, like she's, I, I don't understand what direction she's trying to go in. Me either. I, I, she, I think she might be using this to like boost the music career, like her music career. Yeah. But if you can't stand on business, you can't work in that career and going up against bad baby. God. I do. I wish I could possess that confidence, but it's like, just, where do you get off? Like, I, I don't even, I don't know where this ends. I hope I, I don't know, like in my mind I'm like, okay, this is great, right?


Like, this is like fun, like, like, like watching from the sidelines. Like I kind of obviously like backed out of it because I think honestly like, this isn't a, Like I just inserted myself for shit and Gigs me. I'm saying, I'm Like, I really, I think you guys should duke this out and just call it a fucking day. Like me on a Tuesday. Like when bad baby went and fought Malu, like, or she went and Fought. Well Vicki, like That was everything. They Fight. It's done. Yeah. Whoever wins, wins over lose whatever, take to the chest and fucking move on. But I think that like, like you said, Like I think Alabama's just too little. She's above that. She, she believes She's, she's above that. So it's, I really like, honestly, it's Like I, I hope because I, I see her now and again, she'll post a sad post or something, or obviously talk about all of her hate and stuff. Right. And it's like, you did lose right?


And like, yes, you could keep fighting it, but I think if anything, the most admirable thing in the world would be just to come online and issue your apologies and like show growth in that sense. Like, or be like, you're right. You got me. Yeah. Ex. That's what I'm saying. That's song Kind of eight. Well if she came out and said that song kind of. 'cause when she, she wrote that first song, first of all, like good Song. Well, when someone else wrote that first song Sure. Yeah. Whatever it was. Good song. Great song. It's, it's catchy. Both of the songs are catchy. Obviously. Bad Baby Is Bad Baby, right? Yes. Like she'll always be, I'm so sorry. She'll always be on top like hundred percent and that's that. But like, bro, her dissing me at the end being like, and Camilla bitch sh shut the fuck up. Bad Bitch.


Or Alabama said this, oh, Don't play. And it's always the bitch with a hot pink Octo buddy. You don't wanna fuck with her. And That's and that's that. Hold On, what do you mean? And she pulled it up so fast. I'm in love with you. Stop it Then you're doing and take a listen right now. Ready? I Bet You didn't know that. Bitch. You been a fan. You been That You cannot do the Do Bitch Camilla Bitch Shut. This is Alabama. Yeah. I made it in her song Saying you been a fan is crazy. To what the wi No, she's saying to me, Camilla bitch, shut the fuck up. And I'm gonna be very honest. What an honor. And I, and I'm honestly, I feel like this is Mama I made it moment because it's like, Thank you.


That's playing in Kris Jenner's room right now. That's Exactly what the fuck I said. I said, now it's confirmed that the, like the Kardashians have, at least they will hear my name. They no wonder who the hell the fuck that is. 'cause I am not in c Jenner's world. I am not in Kylie's World actually me in 2020. And So it's like, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, this is great. That was a great banger for me to exit And no fuck. Yeah. So that's really my opinion on it. Like I really did it. I made it. I I like, you get me like snaps for me because respectfully, this all worked out in my favor. I 100% agree. I think it's the perfect time to exit.


I do hope. I really hope that they both figure it out as far as like what they want to figure out. Yes. Don't necessarily know where she's taking this direction, but I think it's so funny. Bad babies said you cannot do or Alabama, why am I confusing them? Sorry. She said she can't. So funny. She was right. Alabama except the doer is Bad Babies. Exactly. And Like, I think Bad Baby eight. I hope this ends up being a sick ass growing moment for Alabama. And she uses all of this fame to then become something that feels authentic. And I'm gonna be 100%. And I'm gonna be very honest. I think that with the tools she has, and I've said this off camera, like with the tools she has and the people around her, she could be something so incredible. Oh, I couldn't agree. Rewind. She could, she could. Something's so Infuriating. Yeah, I Agree. It's like, stop.


I I Agree. She has the tools to be something incredible. I mean just absolutely building generational wealth for herself. And I think it'll hit her. Like it hits everyone. You know, when you release something you're like, oh fuck. Like why did I do that? Like it'll hit at some point And I think it'll be such a honestly beautiful story in the end. I Agree. And I think Bad Baby is also gonna flourish And just continue to prevail. She's That bitch and continue to fucking prevail. A hundred percent. Especially 'cause it's authentic. It's all authentic. And I'm loving bad baby's like mom era. Like it is everything I've ever could have wanted. Like she, the way she like talks about her daughter and like the love that she has, like just watching, you know, that girl that sat on Dr. Phil and was like, catch me outside. Be a mom to a daughter.


Yes. And just Like, I'm sure she's so passionate, like yes, we see 100%, we see the crazy bad baby with the fire under her ass. But also like, we've also seen Danielle Olli deal with a lot with her mother not being the best. And I'm sure she's got a fire under her ass to be different than that. And that's sick. She's bitch and has the the money boss bitch. She Really is. Yeah. And we'll probably just like with how much she wasn't accepted in so many ways will probably be the most accepting mother ever, which is a hundred percent how It goes. A hundred percent. I think she, she'll thrive. She will thrive in, in being a mom and, and like raising a teenager and raising, you know, like, like a mini her, you know? And she'll be able to do, undo all the wrongs that she felt she's been wronged.


You know what I'm saying? And that's like all you can ever ask for in those situations. Hundred. We talk about that all the time, but it's like the biggest goal And I just can't, and it's so great that you have all of these like amazing mature takes. How old are you? 22. No Way. Oh my God. I I do anything like, because like, to be this put together and just know you're, I don't even think I'm, I I think it's just like for me, I've always been such a logical thinker. Like I, I'm very, I think yes, I'm emotional and yes, I, I act impulsively, but Like I will always result back to the logical underlying of everything. You Know what, it's too, you know who you are. Yeah. And sometimes It takes, You know what I would want if I was Alabama in this situation?


Yeah. I I she's human And I think, yeah. I could sit here and be like, man, fuck that bitch. What the fuck? Like this, that and the third As I did at 22. What for You, what the hell does that do for her? Yeah. And like, do I, if I sit back, if I went home tonight after coming on here and absolutely ripping her to shreds, ripping anybody to shreds and, and knowing that if she saw it, she would, she has emotions. She feels things Yeah. Regardless of how she wants to act online. Like she feels real raw emotions. And to know that she would feel worse than what she's already feeling. It's like, why, why would I contribute to that? I hope the people who see the videos of you popping off also see this because it's like, you are the definition of like, fuck with me, I'll fuck with you back.


But Also like for sure know I'll never start it. Yes. But I'll finish it. It's So kind. Ever. I'll never, I'll never ever, ever start I'll never pick a fight with you. Yeah. Ever. Until you pick one with me first. Yes. And then, and Good for you. Finish, fight, finish for showing a lot of the young girls who follow you that standing up for yourself isn't, But I'll never ever feel okay. Like I genuinely knowing that I've hurt someone to a point of like deep sadness and something that they'll never forget because I've been that bitch. I was that bitch in high school that just said the craziest shit to get under someone's skin knowing damn well if I that was said to me, I would've gone off the rails. And I think that especially when such especi you're online and we're also clinically ungodly online. Yeah.


That it's like I'm just, I'm spreading that thought to millions of people that's also going to side with me just because I have that opinion and that's not fair to her. And it's not fair to anyone in, in a situation, even if Right. I was genuinely done dirty. Mm. I would say it, I would say my piece, I'd have a logical explanation as to why I feel the way that I do, but I would never go on anything and like rip them to shreds because they're not good for you. They're not here to, they're not here to talk shit back to me. Granted, if I'm like going at it with someone and you're like, yo, let's have you and the girl on there, she's there to defend herself. Mm. I think it's cheesy, corny and lame as fuck for someone to go online and absolutely trash a person when that person can't respond.


That's not fair. You're not be good For you. It's, You'll talk all that behind a camera, but you won't say it to their face. And Yeah. Alabama doesn't know that I truly don't have deep hatred for her. Mm. Really? How would she know Else the place to say it and good for you, dude, at 22, it took me so much fucking longer to realize all of that. Like, I think you're just very like, ahead of what 22 should look like in your position. And it's really great. Went to a lot of bullshit Yeah. To get here. A lot of fucking bullshit. To be able to, you're killing think this way. And it's, And I still fail And I still fuck up And I still say shit. I don't mean, you know what I mean? Well you're The self-awareness. It, I'm, I'm so proud of you. I don't know, like mom, like, you know, it's just like it's, I don't, I don't know you well yet, but like it's, I just, I am And I I We myself on being like well spoken.


Mm. You are Like, I, I I really, if I ever like, yeah, I'll go and talk shit on TikTok, but like, if it came down to it, Like I, You can have the, the long form combo. I really can. Yeah. I really can. I can say it well And I can say it in a manner where it can genuinely probably get through to someone. And even good for you for having that confidence. Right. Because it's like so many girls would struggle with even just feeling confident enough to say I'm well spoken. But that's back Timothy Chalamet in his Speech. Yes. Really? Did you see him? No. Acknowledging that you, like, You don't always have to be so humble. Yeah. We were Talking about how it's become a trend to be like humble and you can't admit that you're smart and you can't admit that you're talented and stuff. 'cause it looks like, you know, cocky and braggy and like, but people, people have like, we've gotten away from it a little bit and then Timothy Chalamet just did his acceptance speech really?


And he's Yeah, I've been trying to be great and Like, I wanna be great and Like it And I am great. Yes. And it's so cool to fucking it able, it's not To say that's not, it's not lame to give someone their flowers when they deserve It and give yourself flowers, you know? It's Yeah, A hundred percent. I think it's a good beautiful thing. I haven't asked you about the Bob House at all. What do you mean? Like, it's a great place. Okay. I wanna, I wanna ask the corny, like what would Logan Paul do? Question. Okay. How much fucking money are you guys making? And gimme a pr answer. You don't have to actually Like, I Just, I'm, I don't, I Wanna hear more about, Wanna know personally I can speak for me. Well, Sophie I think is at three, four mil a month that she's doing really, really well for me.


I'm current, like right now in this like currently 1.5 a month. Ah, you're 22. Julia, do you mind, what? Do you mind if I say yours? I Don't even know how much I make Me. Yeah. You just clear it or not. I won't if you don't. I I wanna know. I genuinely Julia's on the brink of like 807 800. Oh my. So God. Yeah. No, we're I'm sick to my stomach. Yeah. And I'm so proud of you. Thanks. And it's so insane. I need that. Thanks. It's So insane. It's just, it's just so cool. I just love to see women win in any way and it feels like the Girls are fucking killing it. Yes. Like the bop house is also, I wanna address this like the bop house.


I think a lot of people, they'll go online and they'll be like, the bop house is a fucking horrible place. They're all like, do you know what, what's behind the Bob house? It's all these dirty men that are wanting to see them naked. Like, no. Can I just say, I wish, I really wish it was these dirty. Like I, I, I really wish it was these men that were watching this, right. Because then I would, it would convert way better. But I, to to my surprise, it's all like, we're not making overly sexual content on TikTok. Yeah. Like, it's just, that's just not what's happening. So Yeah, You're all like showing your personalities. You're showing the women are multifaceted. It think Girls are Right. I think these girls are obsessed with like the, it's like, it almost looks like a big girls' sleepover and we're, you know, we're not oversexualizing ourselves.


Granted Instagram bitch please pop 'em my pussy every day. But on TikTok the over there it's very, we have over like 70% of our viewers are women. And I think people Because it's so interesting to them, Barbara. Right. And I think people are associating, like, that's not what we've meant for it to be, but we are, I'm eternally grateful. Like my girls, I love them. Yes. I love my girls. Like they are. And that's the Scenario. The most Loyal kind Like, I love my fans like Yeah. To my core. Like I will literally say I cried about it when TikTok I'll say it with pride, babe. Yeah. I cried about it when TikTok got banned was on Instagram bawling my eyes out because you Like, back to the men. I'm Scared. Yeah. Like, you know, like, take me out of here. Like, I was so used To like, Like I would do things on purpose to get rage bait because I knew it would get men to engage.


Yeah. And I'm Totally cool with that. And I'll go back to that could give two Fucks. But now you get to Kiki with the girls too. You the dream king With the girls scenario is a new level of like, oh my fuck, I never had a sister. Like this is in, I feel seen. Incredible. Yeah. So I wanna preface that the, it's the girlies in there. Like, I get why people are upset by it. You Have the dream sets, you're making the money off the men, but then you're having fun with the girls. Like I'm, because I feel when girls, when it is just all men and that's all your content. Those girls are masterminds, you know? Yeah. But they probably wish there were some more girls in there to like, you know, get them and see them Percent. And I think I just, I love where the concept of the Bob House is going. Me too.


I I love that we each individually make our own money. And at the end of the day, we are our own CEOs and we are, we, we have a brain to make our own decisions. And there's no one there saying we can't, granted, do I wish we had a PR team that could get us on a red carpet to the Met Gala? Yes, of course. Who doesn't? But it's, This almost is your Met Gala? Like it's better. Yeah. It's, it's so authentic. And like we were talking about, you know, earlier, it's just like you are taking those bricks down, obviously for a future where you can show it converts better and yada yada. I just, I don't know. I just love the Bob house. I wanna know like, what do you guys do on an off day? Like what, what is it like, what is it, what is nighttime? Like, like what do you guys, so get into like The girls all knew each other previously, like for years before I, I became a part of it.


Like they were all friends for a really long time that kind of lived in their own houses and just kind of like Kiki and got together. Honestly, they never really got together. Like, it was just kinda like they knew each other. They'd go on group trips together and like have a good time or whatever. And then I started doing really, really well with this whole podcast thing. The clips that I would be putting out, there was drama that happened between Sophie and Aisha. And then I addressed it on my podcast, had both of them there. They rekindled and then were like, wait, this rekindling and being together is fun. Yeah, let's do like a bop house. Like let's make it a thing. Who thought of the name? I think it was just kind of given like we're all bops. Like I think it was no one really thought of it. We just ki it just kind of came. Yeah. Like no one was like, we didn't have a meeting.


It was like, okay guys, like what are we gonna call the house? It was just like bops, like we're all bops. And then one of us was like, yo just do bop house. And it's, it's so organic and it's great. I just love anything that flips the nail on the head too. Like I just, you know what I mean? That's just like, everyone's gonna call us this anyways. And like, how funny if we literally trademark this bitch, like Low key. Like why do I kind of love like the name Bob? Like, it's so cute. It's cute, Right? Like, it's like you're calling me a but like how demure Yes. It's mindful. One Time my ex called called me a tree And I didn't know what that word meant. Love I such good word. But I was Like, I love the word tree. It's such a, I Mean like, it's like she's fucking, he was like, you're just a fucking triche. And I was like, I'm atri.


Like that one's a bit more like, it's more Like impactful. Like if you're called a tree. Like, but Like I was being atri, But like, oh, she's just a pop. Like, Yeah. So cute. Like Pop to the top, pop around. Right. Like, There's so much to Do. I love that. I really love like it's a house. I mean that would be funny too, but like also great pop house. Yeah. Take it how you want. Not a lot of even Hearing. I wanna go there. I feel like fucking Shane Dawson, when he would like, when he was just like older and then would do his conspiracy theories and like fucking show up. That was the best era ever. It's what I'm doing. I'm Shane Dawson, but I'm Like, I want to go to the bop house. So by you Will every, you will, you need to come to the Bop house. I'm just so excited. I'm about be my back. You're Over. Y'all are both overdue for one of my experience in two, the Bop house Miami experience.


And I'm so excited And I'm excited for sober Miami. I'm excited for you to like, just show Me sober Miami Bob House yacht experience doesn't get Better. It's gonna be great. And this be very honest and this once again, I know we already said it And I said it earlier, but I just wanna say it again. Just everyone's situation is different. This is not glamorizing or telling anyone to do anything. You know, you gotta make your own decisions with that. And I try all the things And I, This is a very unique exp it's a very, very, very unique experience. Do not, and that's do not just think that, oh, because we do that you need to go make one and it's gonna end up like this. No, it you, what we don't do is broadcast the horrible things that happen. You know, we are followed. There are lots of downsides. We were broke Like we have stalkers.


Mm. We That's where main broken Into from. He shattered the back door. He posted pictures of him literally, can I say this? Is this okay, okay. Of him like masturbating, like on our things. Like he po like he Yeah. Like he went on on and was messaging us like dick pics while he was breaking into the house. Very vulgar. Things Happened to us. What, that's exactly what my guy would do too. Like show send photos of him in my backyard. Like That shit is fucking horrifying. And I think that, Oh my God, No, we don't talk about these things and maybe honestly maybe we should. I think It's, I honest important, Like, I think it's important to be so transparent about the full spectrum of what it is.


Yeah, it is, it is. You know what the sad thing is too? Is like, because we're in sex work, not even we are in sex work and like, because we are in this industry, we tolerate a lot of shit because it's almost what we deemed to like be expected. Right? Like I do tolerate There are downsides to Yeah. I do tolerate the creepy men, men saying shit about me to my face and being like, you know, like just the most vulgar shit. Oh my God. And we're like, you know what, like I'm not gonna sit here and pick a fight with you because I, it's almost Like I chose this, so I'm just gonna let it It is, you have to kind of unfortunately societally eat it. And it's something that, you know, you're forsaking for the bag. It's the amount of shit people have said to me or grabbed me or touch me or whatever. I even said, I can't imagine to your boyfriend.


Yeah, no, it's, oh my God. I have guys come up to him all the time and like dap him up and be like, how? And it's just Like, I Like nice to you got Like I, me personally, Like, Like I know you used that hand to jack off. Right. To like, you know, and it's, and It, and it does make me uncomfortable and it would make any woman uncomfortable. Even if it's a guy you previously slept with that knows your boyfriend. And then it's like, like that's an uncomfortable situation, but we post it to make money. So it's like, yeah. Our world is, there are parts of our world that are really nice and glamorous and yeah, we can buy the cards we want, we can buy the house we can provide for people. And yes, it's amazing and great, but there are things that we just don't talk about that are fucking horrifying. They're disgusting. And to be very honest with you, Like I would not want my daughter to do it.


I Wouldn't. And I think that's, I wouldn't Like, I a powerful thing to say as well because you're like, Hey, I'm doing this And I love this. But it's not, that is you directly saying it's not for everyone. It's Not. And I, And I would hope that it's Not, And, And I, and a part of me fears even just being a woman, like a part of me fears having a daughter, Like I say it all the time, like, not that I don't want a daughter, I don't want her to go through the, the horrible things that some women have to go through. Not all, but some women have to go through. So me doing this to try and set myself up for my kids. You don't think I know that I'm gonna have backlash when they figure out what mom did. Did yeah, did does. If she's still doing it at the time. Hopefully not. But maybe like I'm setting myself up to try and provide a better life that I didn't have.


Yes. So It's like same. I feel you. So it's Like I know what I'm doing, I know the backlash I'm gonna have And I fear that it will have more of an impact on my daughter than it would if I had a son. Mm. That's just how I personally feel about it. That's the thing we were talking about this, it's like you raised the son to not be bad to the world. You raised the daughter to protect herself from the world, you know? And It's like, yeah, a hundred percent. It is just very, very wild. And I feel Like I would be such a different mom to a girl than I would to a guy for sure. Right Now I can say that right now. That'll probably change. And every your world flips upside down when you have kids in a, in a, the best way possible. Mm. Way more helicopter with a daughter though. Like, I would just be, I think an overbearing mother.


Like I would be just the fucking iest like bitch mom to a daughter. 'cause like, what the fuck do you mean you're gonna go, no, you're not going anywhere. Like off the fuck do you mean you're going out? You went h take off went h and you met the fuck. No, you're not going on no dates. You're 17. Like my daughter was 17 trying to go on a date. Like I'd fucking grabbed her the neck tire up. Like, like no, no. That not bad, but Like I tie her to the bed and be like, you're not fucking going anywhere. Like, I know. And it's so, but then it's like so scary because it's like those are the kids that miss. I know. And I was never like that. My mom let me do whatever the fuck I wanted. Me too. But because of that I didn't wanna do anything bad. Yeah. I Totally get You psychological warfare being a Parent.


But why is it that I wanna be Like, I am shelter. Like you are not doing Anything. No. 'cause the world is so scary. Like, oh my God. 'cause the world is so fucking scary, dude. I mean it's, as you get older too, you just realize like, I mean we always fucking say this, but it's like your parents are just fucking people trying to navigate this shit. Can we talk about how that is the craziest experience to go through is when your mind, like, it's almost like a day and night click of you've outgrown your parents. We, I literally said this on the last Episode. Oh my fucking Like, you literally outgrow your parents. It's the strangest thing, the Weirdest feeling. Well and just 'cause society's moving so fast and Well just, 'cause our experience is so Different from theirs.


Like life was so different from their, our World. This will never happen again. As well though, like once, like Malibu Barbie paid us as a mom and she has a kid, they will fully be in the technology. The world is fucked up place like this. There Will be something that they have that we Didn't. Yes. But I wonder if it'll ever be This back baby of the generation. You know, like Our grandparents were using fucking rotary phones. You know, like, it is insane. The technological and just societal difference. Like imagine explaining hinge to them. Imagine explaining. Oh, My grandma would've loved it. True. Like it should DoorDash like, it's just, it only Like, I don't know, it's so wild. Like, And my, my exactly like the, the, the day that I like couldn't ask, not ask my parents for advice, but like that they didn't understand what I was doing anymore was the day that I, it was crazy.


I say it all the time. I'm Like, I have to choose a relationship with my parents. Yeah. Like that was when I knew like, okay, I have to wake up every day and choose to have a relationship with you because I do not need you. Yes. Anna, you may might feel like they don't understand you. So it's like a hard thing to It's A and And I especially With fame as well and money and all of those things, you know? A hundred percent. And it's like, what I love about it the most is like my mom and my parents wanna know everything. So like, I'll call them like on a day-to-day basis and like keep them updated And I have to, I choose every day to keep them in the loop about everything I'm doing. Like I recently, like, we just put an offer for a house and we got accepted. Like buying my first house, like that is something that my parents, like you're as a parent you probably always dream of your kid buying their first house and like they didn't do it until they Were, and the fact that they're so supportive and amazing is awesome.


My mom is the most It shows though in your emotional maturity as well. My dad is the, he is that guy, let me tell you. And that's the other Thing, like girls with LF do have good parents. I do have a dad. He's fucking incredible. He's that man, lemme tell you got this man a new set of an ears, a fucking red cherry, red Corvette. Like this man is in his wait like All your dad, He looks great. He's like gonna the gym, gym. I like recently retired them so like, they're like thriving on a new level. I'm like, this is, this right here is what I literally live for And what you were put on this earth to do. Oh my God. Like that brings me so much joy because it's Like I never got like, it's like watching my parents live again.


Yeah. It's increasing ever. Like it is so cute. And you, me, Jill's so sweet. Like, it's just like, yeah. I'm like, you know what? Like you go and drive with the top down and go get like overly expensive steak for no reason. Yeah. You go and Do that, you go and make a dumb ass purchase 'cause you couldn't before. Yeah. And that makes, makes me so happy though. I love seeing this like side of you and you's just a softie sweetie. I really am. Yeah. Like to the people, like even like with Julia, like we bitch, we have to do a podcast and me and Julia is like lure, like we don't weigh the fuck back. I can't Wait for that too. Like honestly. Yeah. Leave Trevina wherever the fuck she is. Maybe you'll come on my podcast and we'll like, just do like a whole like lure background. Let's do it of how Tana got to where Tana is and where me and Julia got from. Yes. I would fucking love to.


I think even just that you have the power too to where you're bringing all of your friends into this and like, dude, And I think it's, And I, I've been fucked over many times by the people that I've tried bringing into my world and that they just honestly weren't meant for it. But like Julia was like the last friend that I have from back home. Like the, when I say the last like, I mean like, she was one of like the OG friends that I was Like, I have these like fantasies in my head when I started doing this, Of bringing all Your friends, I envisioned all of my friends being there, whether they were in the industry as far as social media or not. Like I always envisioned them just being there to like, let's praise each other and like our own successes. And the last resort was like, Julia's, Julia's life story is just a very impactful story.


So I'll let her tell it. But like bringing her into my world, like, and watching her flourish in her way, I almost like, it was like a segue and then it was like she was chosen by the people. Literally. Yes. Like people were like, oh my god, I something about her I love. And then it was like, that's Like us kinda boom. You know? It's like, it's such a cute story. It is like a cute Story. It's adorable. Like that's what I live for. It's like, yeah, money is great, but like, what the fuck does it matter? It's Also like you saying, it's funny, we've been talking about advice we would like wanna give our younger selves a lot. Lately it's been this whole thing. But like one of the things I thought about yesterday was like, and even advice I would give you right now at 22 is like, you think all these things are gonna be forever and they, they might not be.


And as you even, you're already experiencing this, getting older and realizing these things are chapters And I hope you're just so present in the moment. And this bought house, there might be, I know, you know, look at the hype house. They thought they'd be forever. And then Charlie and add and all them would be together and then, you know what I mean? It blew up in flames. Yeah. And like whatever, like just really be so present in this moment. 'cause what you're doing is so special and everyone's trying to recreate it. I And you are the a Hundred percent. Like that's my biggest flaw. Yeah. And it's hard. You, you just start going fast, especially when you're young and all this is coming at you. But like, just know that this is so special and that your story is so one of a billion And I just be as present as you fucking can be and be like, this might all be different tomorrow.


I know. And that's, And that's what your twenties is for everyone. You think the friends you're gonna have or the person you're dating is forever. And then it's Like the worst and best drug ever. It's like, I'm always like chasing that Next new High. Like it's like a new viral thing, but it's Like I, I just genuinely forget, bro. I'm 22 living with one of my like best friends and we need to do Like, I, this is something that yeah, I don't go out, I don't literally do anything that a 20 regular or most 22 year olds are doing in Miami. Right. And it's like a lot of the times It's good and bad though. Julia is like the other side. She's like, we need to go out, we need to like even my Boyfriend we live and just beyond, he's Like, we need to do these things. And I'm like, no, but we could be doing this. We could be. And I'm, I need to enjoy it because I know I'll regret It.


I'm just like you though. And I think this world, there are certain types of people where you like get in this world and it's, you start seeing those numbers and then you're chasing the next thing and whatever. And even I Like, I found myself holding a failed convention or having a fake livestream marriage because I'm so lost in chasing that next thing. And in reality, iconic people fucking love you for you. Yeah. You know, and even an episode of you guys just on the fucking couch is your next Ash Trino episode. It is your next moment. I know. You know, and yeah. I just, I I think that's so valuable because I think obviously hearing it from people that I watch, right? Like of course I've watched you guys, I've seen the journey of Tana Bitch been a fan. Okay og I love you. And so it's like hearing that from someone that's been doing it is, it's impactful for sure.


And I think that I do need to focus on, yeah, okay, this is happening right now. You'll get those numbers regardless because you are you. Yeah. Like you are. Yeah. True. And we love you. Stop Guys, we love you so much. Fuck. I think, I think we had a successful, I think this Was great. Yeah. This is the first time I've spoken in general about like someone being interested in my story, right? Because when you talk about other people's stories, you don't, I don't get to throw in my fucking personality in 2 cents. So y'all got the first And you are so My virginity, You are so much more than just the beefs. And I almost wish people did that for me. I think that's why my whole tune changed in today's episode. Originally it was like, yes, come give us the tea on these major things.


But then you sit down And I just see so much of myself in you. I don't know why, Like, I'm so drawn to you And I I'm like, fuck this. Y'all are amazing. You are so much more than just thanks guys. You know what I mean? Like the moments. And you're gonna have a very long, big successful Mrs. Beast career. Oh My God. And yes, yes. Changing lives. And I hope that when you do see that first YouTube video where like the house where I buy someone house and like changing life. I hope you're sitting, they're Like, I so excited, excited. I'll be Yes. A matter of fact, I'm just, no, I'm always here. Just I love you. Love you guys. I'm supporting you. Thank you for coming on here. Thank you for coming up the Podcast. Thank you guys. I love you guys. This is incredible. Thank you. I wanna try this red flag green flagship. We don't do games over here normally.


Okay. But we're gonna try one today. Okay. We're Introducing segments On the Cancelled podcast. We're trying Oh my God. You're the perfect person to this It with. Yes. Okay. Let's do it. You know, what's the game? I also want another segment not starting today, but where I, where I admit to something I was wrong about on the previous episode. Ooh, we just do that. Oh, oh. My one today is a lizard can grow bigger than its enclosure. Wait, can it? Yes. And that was a, that's a common misconception, but a lizard can get bigger than its enclosure. And you should not have lizards if you don't Have a pick. I already said I shouldn't have called Tyra's World to pick me when I'm literally on record, like almost getting face tattoos for the man I'm with. But I'm gonna read these, Tricia, And I did this over on, not Loveline, And I just had so much fun. I love a prop for the visual listeners out there.


Okay. We have flags in our hands, and we will be raising and discussing if these are red flags or green flags. Okay. And hopefully just kiking in between you use your vibrator at the highest setting every time you masturbate. Green flag. Yeah, I Agree. Is there, Wait, Do people use a not high setting? People Who use the edging settings are Sick. You're fucking sick in the head. That shit is what If you're using the morse code setting on your vibrator? Are you actually, Have you ever tried to use like one of the ones that are in the hotel and it's like, it's just so exhausting. I might as well be using the vibrate feature on my cell phone. 100%. Like the little tiny bullet ones. And it's like they come in the sex Kitts. It's Barely, It's not even a vibrator. It's A, wait, I'm not on that tax bracket.


What are we? No. Yes, we're I think you're, Tino was staying in the Ritz Carlton using one. Okay. But probably Tea. I gave her rose toy. You should use that one instead. Oh My God. But I need to get back on my rose toy. Shit. I don't Like, I never tried it. I Didn't like it, so I gave up. I, I feel like if it ain't broke, don't fix. Need A earthquake on my cl to be like, be able to fucking come. I couldn't agree more Each. I need it to be Like, I need to Be like Jack My shirt. Honestly. Wait, maybe I don't nevermind. No, go ahead. Go ahead. The, The Thera gun. Okay. Yes. No, stop. Because I was gonna say the Thera gun with layers. Okay. You can't just, you will ceviche. You're Like, I, it, it is not safe to use it without layers, but like in an emergency, like if, if ever I believe that if all else fails, no, I'm crying and there's a rag gun in my house because The Way I'm doing It later, The way I, I, yes.


The layers Resonate so important in layers. It has to be like blanket sweats, chonie Comforter, comforter and the under sheet. Yeah. Thick weighted blanket. It's so funny, this one time on the Cancelled podcast, Brooke told everyone that she removes herself tan with a magic eraser. And then Lauren Gray did it and got a chemical burn. So I love that. Now you have to be like with layers. So these bitches don't have like Turkey prosciutto. Yeah. We need like a smoking kill sign on this. On this podcast. Yes. Literally. Oh my God. Oh My God. Okay. A magic eraser Red flag or green flag. They never wash their sex toys. Now what other kind of, Tana what the fuck?


Wait, why do I have to wash my vibrator more than once a year? Wait after every use? No, I don't, sorry. But once a year. Once a year is a bit criminal. Wait, can I ask? Depends. Like, if you're not shoving It, there's like cross guard. That's true. Unless, wait, let me not, that's actually to Vulgar different ahead. Partner. Very vulgar. Unless like you're into the whole like he nuts on you and then you use it on top of it. Ooh. Like if the, if like cu is on it, like wash it. Yeah. If you're just, I Understand what you're saying. If you're not like shoving it in anywhere, it's just like, like putting it on your kneecap. I think We're talking When you say vibrator, which one are you talking about? I Agree. The peanut gallery Stuff. Yeah. I guess I'm talking about like a wand.


Yeah, that's not, I'm talking not gonna fit that in you. That's impressive. But No, no. I, no, no, no. Yeah. But Like I, you Could fit your wand in you. I mean, I'm actually probably sure I can't, but shit for sure. No, I know. Because you, I bought the same one you bought. Yeah. And so if she, it's, It's like a size of a peepee. Yeah. I love peepee. What peepee are you having? No, it's, it's like, It's not, it's not a big, like a big no no, it's not big. It's not big. Okay. It's not big, but okay. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Okay. I Take back my answer with insertion once A year was crazy with Yes, but with the wand, you're right. It's like, well, This is what I'll say about Tana. She buys a new one, but she doesn't have a charger. So she buys a new one every time it dies. You are me. I've done it 80, 80 Times. I need to do that today too. I literally haven't used a vibrator in almost a month.


You guys, due to laziness. You know what you Can charge with an iPhone charger? Not a Thera Gun. A thera gun. You're welcome. I'm About to have koa physical therapy. My boss here, they're gonna send Me a cease And desist. That's, it's actually so funny 'cause it's not like you're saying like a gun, a fucking statement. Like, I know. Why Am I, why am I saying like brand name? No, and it's like, and we're all like, they should sponsor us. They're gun. You're missing out. Like, We want their gun for They have a baby voice kink. Sorry. I just, I'll say, I'll tell you why. Which one? Because I have a baby voice. Like I want to use my baby voice. So I want them to like it.


I'm gonna let you talk for, I'm gonna let y'all talk. Do you know that I don't want him to have a baby voice. I don't think you should baby voice during sex. And if it's a real kink, like to, they need to hear baby voice to get off. No, I'm, that's red. But Like, I just love using baby voice in the rest of life. But do you know that Mako And I call each other uie? Like that's our nickname, right? We'll be like Uie, UIE s Moochie because it comes from s Moochie and the other day we were fucking, and he said Uie by accident. I don't, I don't think that's fine. Was Like ouchie, Like, I like to be like funny, like Silly. So I'm gonna go red flag. If it's a kink, I'm Sticking my green. I like baby. I like, we're not in bed.


I'm just, I like, Yeah, but then that's not a kink. That's what I'm saying. Okay. If a man ever just baby voiced. No, you are baby voicing like Me Do do you baby voice Does your boyfriend, do you guys ever, You never baby voice? I, I think so. And I don't wanna be not self wait, do I? Yeah. I, I don't even, You don't strike me as a baby voice bitch though. Like, I can imagine. Don't get it twisted when the way I talk to my dogs is disgusting. And if it ever got out, I'd probably shoot myself. But to my man, Like I do that, I do it. I just, but I just know I should stop.


And we're like, the couples in line at Disneyland. No, I'm Doing it. Don't drag me by my fucking hair. Like, no. And I know I need to stop, but she's Cute. If it's, if I don't hear it, You know what I'm saying? Like, Like, I love that for you And I I'm really happy. You're happy. But if, if I, if he ever looked at me and was like, oh my n no snookums, I'd be like, what the fuck? Like, it would just strike me as like, mommy issues. Sorry. No, And I think you're right. Like I do. I like, but no, Don't let me, me. Oh, I'm not a coldhearted bitch. I'm gonna be ooching later. You I'm into it, but like I'm into it. Gonna Come home, Oie. Yeah, no, it's bad. And all these people would be in this room if he was here, I would look at him right now, dead in the face. Be like, OIE was, we have a dinner anyways guys.


And she's pretty shameless about it. That's okay. But I support that. You you're, you are you. And listen, women supporting women Yes. Can have a different fucking line. Okay. I love you. I like that you're not embarrassed. I think it's just cute. I, and I've never really been that way either. Like I was very much like cold, insanely cold, like fucking wanting to fuck their dad and you know, before Mcco and then he brought it out of me. I don't know. Too Soft. I think I'm very, a lot of the times I come off as like a very aggressive or Like, I have a very, like in your face personality. And when I'm with my boyfriend, it's very, I'm very calm. Like I think that and like soft. I'm very soft. Yeah, I can, it's almost like, and that Looks different from people, You know? Yeah. And I, and, and the way I show that is because like, I'm very, I've always been a very independent, like I'm a hustler. Like I do everything my fucking self.


And the way that I show like that soft side is Like, I allow him to take control of a lot of things in a sense of that trust in, I don't have to double check. And I can be this like, Hey, can you make this for me? Or Hey, can you grab that for me? Or, you know, vice versa and things like that. Like I can trust him. Like if there's like something, like an email that needs to be sent or you know, a phone call that needs to be taken. I don't wanna be a part of it. Like, I trust him wholeheartedly And I can allow that independent bad bitch. Like cu ass energy completely down. Yeah. Sweet. I don't think I've ever been with my dogs. Yes. Oh babe. Well, period. Period. Like for sure like Sunny, stinky, come here. Yeah. Like For sure. But my man, like, no. No. And I, we give that couple in line at Disneyland, Like I, and that's okay.


I Would where I live for, I'd record it, post it on Snapchat and say, my fav or, and I'd caption it Dad and mom. Mm. Oh and that's up. I wouldn Right now. I'm doing it to you. And that's okay. I'm Like, oh, Thank you. Like the meme of we're gonna Disney, They have a lip filler addiction. I think It's a canon event. Lemme say, lemme explain myself. It's because like that person in your life is so fucking funny. Like, stay you bitch. Stay getting that fucking lip though. You're not doing anything to anybody else. You go around with them duck lips bitch and be proud. But You ate with that.


Like, they're the funniest motherfuckers ever. It's like, you're so right. And it's like, you know what? You're not harming nobody. Do you feel beautiful? That's right. She ate to the point that it, oh God, right. I sheep And Like, I love it. Unless it's causing you health issues, please fucking stop. It's Causing me health issues because I'm one of those where I'm like, if I've learned a lesson already, I need to make sure everybody else learns it too. That's, that's where I go back. I be, I had my first dissolve sesh the other day And I had had no idea. It's, it felt painful. Felt like somebody taking a flame thrower to the inside of your skin. Just like tattoos being, the removal being more painful than the actual tattoo. It's, it's almost poetic, right?


Like, here I am in excruciating pain because of my nine years of thinking I needed my cheeks to be this big. You know, like, It's a funny, I've done, I've done a fair share. I think I have. I'm at like three syringes. You don't Gorgeous. You don't, you don't gimme overfilled at all. Yeah. But I, I, I stopped because I have a fear of like botch. That's exactly why I raised the red flag. I want to let people know that the filler can catch up to you. Especially not just lips. For me right now, I'm really heavy on like face because it's like you're stretching out your face. Right. And it will then you can't un deflate unre. Yeah. And then I'm li Like, I literally the other day was Like, I want a facelift in two years. And it's like, hello?


Like I wish I could go back in time and tell that girl that your cheeks don't have to be right. But Touching the ceiling thing. One thing I will never be ashamed of, I will always get Botox. Absolutely. And that's that. And I don't care if you want, I don't care. I have one face left and it's the ash trivio. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. At, unless you got that one. You know, Like I Botox for me, I'm dying on the hill. I'm sorry. It's fer preventative. I don't like. Yes. And I can't, you know, like You're 22. Why the fuck? I'm Like, I will laugh with no wrinkles on my face. Botox 100% is so preventative And I love it personally. I will not stop. I might not be able Remake some faces correctly. Right. Or some faces at all. I can't. But I Love it. I cant get Confused. Yeah. And that's okay. It's A do we have hands?


Right? I'll be like, Hmm, we have Pupils, can we try? Yeah. I can't do A thing getting mogged. No, it's giving Like, I try to frown In all way. See, And I love it. I love a Botox bitch. I love a bitch where you look her dead in the eyes and you can tell her the world is falling, you know? And she goes, oh, Exactly. We're frozen. I'll down that hill. And that's okay. I have a smile. Call me Elsa, I'm frozen. He's a 10, but he picks his nose only in front of you. We didn't do a guy one. Whatever. We all do it. Huh? Whatever. You're comfortable. I think it's cute. And today, why's your baby talk? Why? Only in front of me. Like why can't he Do it alone? Because he has, because he's like, oh, I, I wouldn't wanna embarrass myself in front of others probably. Oh, I Thought even, I thought I felt like not on his own time.


Only in front of me On his own. Yeah. Oh, that's true. Okay. He could just do it on his own time. We're in such a society today though, where like if his biggest red flag is picking his nose di Oh, marry him tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. You, you're, yeah. That's your king. Yeah. You know, Like, that's fine. Yeah, for sure. It's kind of a bad one. I kind of picked a bad one, didn't I? I picked a bad one. Picked A bad one. He is a Star Wars fan. Like a die hard Star Wars fan. Really? I like a guy who's passionate about something. Not Star Wars. Really? Sorry. Not even. Okay. It's the culture that comes behind it. That kind of scares me a little bit. I will say though, I am a hypocrite because I am like that with Harry Potter. Yeah. I was just gonna say, Oh, and see, I was still, I can't get behind the mythical magical, the whatever.


I'm too like self too aware of reality. I don't like going other places. Yeah. I fuck your wands and your wizards and your magic in your Right. I totally, I totally hear you. But I was the bitch that like, will I will get into a deep depression if I finish Harry Potter because I know it's not real. And I think it also, And I stand off that if you loved it when you were younger, it means something more to you as well. Well I never did. I'm talking, I watched it at 18. Yeah. Oh Yes. And, and watched it six times time. I've Just never time seen it. Like maybe I'm hating from the outside. Like if I were to watch it, I could end up loving it so much. I was a hater. And, but also the wars and the Treks and the Jedi and the see that Star Wars has gone so fucking far.


It's like, when is it gonna end? Oh, It's still going. It's still going. There's never gonna be an ending because there's so many parallel universes. It's kinda like Marvel. Marvel and these like superhero movies. They will never end because there's, there's Dr. Strange who does like alternate universes and you can keep looping in time warps. And it's like, fuck me. And I'd probably just be happier if I got into that. It's like, leave your own world for a second. No, it's so fun. It's Like, but Star Wars Is just it exact genre that I Like. I want to like escape nothing to remind me of my real life. Yeah. I'd probably be happier. 'cause I almost want something to remind me, gimme change Exactly. Of my real life and like make me sob. It's like, hello, I Do you like that? Give it a chance. Torture. You'll love it. Give A chance. You're right. You're right. Okay. But Star Wars is just one of those things that it's like, there's like cosplay, like people go to these conventions and Like, I think it's fun to Like, I think that's fine.


Like, I'm not shitting on you, but it's like, love the movie. Love it. Just, do you really believe your Princess Leia? And then they do. And then it's like, and then it's A personality. And then you're, and then you've been passionate Enough about things that I'm Like, you would be okay if your man was walking around dressed as Luke Skywalker. She Really would. You would look at him and say, pull your pants And I don't wanna suck your fucking dick. Yes. Oh. But then now I'm thinking about Mcco doing that. And then I'm like, corny. It's, it's, it's prison up here. Passionate. It's a prison up here. It, He Could be addicted to drugs. Drugs. You're like talking to him and then he just quotes the movie. Like, that shit would piss me off. And that's the other thing where it's like, damn, I really dated a man who's Men. We do TikTok references in our sentences. Like that's Gross.


The tiktoks fun and trendy and Kiki Star Wars is like ancient Read In art. Like Yeah, maybe I took, I'm About agreeing. No, I'm more agreeing with you, but I'm realizing I'm the problem because you've dated men, Tana, whose biggest passions were oxycodone. Right. So maybe it's like Right. So let's humble ourselves and be okay with the, with the Luke Skywalker wannabe. Yeah. But I do agree that sometimes I see it all as like, it's all just furry territory to me. And then I, I go back and forth, but who knows, maybe I'll watch Harry Potter one of these days. Or a trekker worse. And you're Gonna pull up at the Cancelled podcast with Griffin on Your neck with two buns and That's okay. Braided on the side. Yeah. And that's okay. Whatever you like. You're slithering For sure. I for sure. Yeah.


Griffindor or I, Don boy has blonde hair. That's the only reason why. And I feel Like I, I feel Ior soy sometimes. I love reptiles. I don't know. Thank you so much for coming on. No, stop. Thank you for, And I love you And I just feel Like I love You guys. I really do feel like we're gonna look back at this while you are female Mr. Beasting and being like, wow. Beauty and the Beast. It was the beginning of something so magical it started here. And please just, it doesn't seem like you are gonna let anyone doll your sparkle For sure. But I love what you're doing And I just, I'm excited to go to the Bob House and delve into all of that too. Yes. And I'm really happy you're here. I excited Miami part two. Thank you guys for having me. Y'all are incredible. We love you. Incredible, incredible women. You're incredible. I love you guys. Wait, I love you. New besties in the making.


Just wait.