
Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast. Woo. That was nice. That Was great. I need to stop with the, Ooh, I know. You need to stop with a few things. I Know. And it's just, well, I Actually, Paige, Kill yourself. Paige. Paige. She's the influencer police this week. Paige has so much to say about what everybody's saying. Too much of, don't you? Okay. Okay. Okay. You got me There. It's so funny, Paige, now and again, I feel like once every two weeks you'll make a TikTok about how influencers need to stop doing blank. No, one of them was actually just about couples who act like they're in line at Disneyland. And I was like, this was Di you left my house and made this like, no, no, no. You were a part of the video.


I took that shit at Universal. It was of you and Mako like making out in line. Oh, are you talking about the baby voice? Yes, yes, yes. Like I'll just see if, and don't get me wrong, I understand taking inspiration from your real life. You know what I mean? Okay. Okay. I do do the, okay. I say okay a lot in my stories because I wanna make sure my listener is following along. No, I like it. Like I was at the store. Okay. You pioneered the whole telling a story, adding in the okays, making sure the audience is following along and being engaged. You did that. Thank you. And then Tana cut on. And I was like, you know what? On tour it really was plaguing the two of you. You guys were on stage and you would throw an okay every five seconds. I told Tana, I said, let, let's chill on the okays. I just had to make sure they were following. No, I don't.


I'm just a stemer. Like at the end of the day, if there's a stem, I'm a stim it. You're stemming Me too. And I can't stop. Like that's even just with this. Ooh. Like I've been getting so much hate and I'm Like, I don't think you understand. Like if I could leave the hate comment, if I could thumbs it up, I would. I want her to stop too. Yeah. You Can't Control it. Yeah. But Like I literally, once I have a stem, it's like, until it's beaten. So what's the definition of a stem when You repeatedly say something? Oh, And I was looking it up. It's, it is like an A DHD thing. And apparently it's like getting out pent up energy, which I definitely do have. Oh, I thought it was like autism. Like No, it can also be a DHD. Oh Yeah. Like when I say that I'm, I have a stimming problem, I like mean that. Oh, okay.


Like I'm not like it. It's like a real Yeah. Your latest has been Ooh. Oh, ow. I've been loving howling. And it's, it's just like once I do something once and it tickles me. Right. It's like it's over and it sucks. 'cause it really does. Like, oh my, for a minute it was doing the Cynthia Arrivo yell. Whoa, Give us your best one. Come on. Whoa. Yeah, I know. You do it better than that. I heard without you. That's true. Refers To repetitive movements sounds or actions that individuals, particularly those who are neurodivergent use to regulate emotions and sensory experiences. Yeah. Like it's a real thing that I have And I can't stop. Do you think it can be like something that you just do? Like does it have to be a noise that you make or it can be like a, oh he said movement.


It's, For me, it's mainly noise. Like once I have something that just fills those spaces, right. It's like until it's so tired until the cows come home. Okay. You Know? Does that like coincide with ticks? I don't, that's what I was gonna ask. 'cause I have like a thing like when I'm talking, like, if you watch any of my tiktoks, I'll just keep, keep touching my nose like this. You'll notice it now that I have said, but when I'm talking and telling a story, I'll just be like, Like I, I don't know why, but I touch my nose. And then also like if you actually just like watch me on the podcast when literally anybody is speaking, but me, I'm like Ceiling Dial. Maybe that's just being a bad listener. I don't think, no, because I say that because there's a viral video right now that's like, what the hell is going on with Brooke? Like, what is she doing? And it's because I'm literally like, You're stimming, but Like, I think I'm just distracted easily.


Okay. I owe you an apology because my TikTok talking about the okays. Like I said, you pioneered it. Tana caught on and now it is plaguing the entire internet. I swear to God, I'm scrolling down my for you page and every single person's talking and they go, okay, blah, blah blah, blah. Okay, I'm wearing jeans. Okay. And I'm like, oh my goodness. My best friend started this. I don't think so. I feel Like I must have gotten it somewhere. No, I, well, to me at least you were the first person I noticed that started it and then Tana caught on. Yeah, I definitely got it from You. And now Emma Chamberlain was doing it on her podcast. I'm scrolling down my for you page. Yeah. Emma takes so much inspiration from me. It's great. She wants to be you so bad. I don't know, maybe it's the A DH ADHD generation. Like not only is it helping you follow along, but like trying to make sure people follow along.


I don't fucking know. I did just cut 30 out of my newest video. Like it is, I get what you're saying. Once you hear it, you can't like unhear It. Right. I don't notice likes until like somebody points it out and then I'm like, oh my God, I'm so mortified. I, you know, this might be completely unrelated, but when I was younger I thought, I thought I had like a, like a real condition And I went to like so many different doctors 'cause I couldn't stop going. So I thought, I thought something was stuck in my throat And I was like, oh my God, something's so seriously wrong. And all day I would do it in class and everyone was like, girl, shut up. And then I found out it was like literally just a habit. Like a bad habit. Wait So many doctors, no insurance. At least you got to see it through.


Oh my god. It's so funny. My parents would really like beat me for shit like that. Like if I was Like, I need to go to the doctor for that, they would literally hit me. Will you wanna know something else Dad? I was actually thinking about this other day. Don't I hope they don't hit you. Not Anymore free. But I, a lot of times, like for example, I Like, I had such bad like depression and anxiety, but my grandpa, like, it was only my grandpa because my grandma was like already like a little out of it. And so once I like really started developing it, I was too ashamed to tell him. So I would tell him every other reason that I had to go to the doctor. And then once I got in there I'd be like, no, no, no, I'm super depressed. And he'd be Like, I don't work for the, Like I, I don't do that. So like you came in for a common cold, like Walking in with a Limp.


No, I swear to God. I literally would go in and I'd be like, actually I'm just really here because I Like, I'm really anxious. And they'd be like, oh, but look at you half or this is not the right, How old are you? 18. Oh, okay. So you knew better. Well that it is just weird. The divide 15 or 16, The dividing generation, like trying to explain anything. Mental health I feel like to the older generation is When I, when I first moved to la, I like went on a walk And I was on the phone with my mom And I was like, you know what? I'm like going through a really dark time in my life. I feel like everything's crumbling around me. I think I really need to get into therapy. And she goes, Ugh, you moved to LA and now you think you need therapy. I'm like, mom, that's What it is. You like build up this courage to tell somebody. And then they just like, oh my God, it's the worst feeling in the world. And I thought she was gonna be like, yes sweetie. Go work on your mental health.


Get your therapy. She was like, Ugh, you kids, you moved to LA and now everyone needs therapy. I'm like, oh my God. Trying to explain therapy and mental health issues to like a boomer. Right. Done for us. Possible. Yeah. It's just, it's not their generation, you know what I mean? Which is so sad. 'cause I think so many things wrong with that generation. So many, so much. You know what I mean? Like adults mistreating the younger generation, all of those things could have been easily amended with mental health treatment. But I mean whatever. For sure. We'll get 'em in the next slide. Yeah, we're on the OG couch and today we're at my house. Brooke's house looks so much better on camera. It's actually so funny. We're in my theater. I don't think so, but there's something about just sitting on this couch that brings me back to a different time of Cancelled.


Paige is here today. We have a lot of like exciting things going on. We're all together today 'cause we are announcing our international tour. Woo woo. I'm fucking jazzed. I am just so fucking excited. I feel like even yesterday I made a TikTok just testing the waters And I like mentioned Belfast and then people are Like, I live in Belfast. Like I, is It Belfast? I keep saying Belfast. I like Belfast. Belfast. I don't know why I like breakfast. What Do I say wrong? Ontario. Ontario void in Ontario. Isn't that what you say? Probably Ontario. Ontario always see comments that are like, why can't Ana say Yeah, just kidding. Stupid. I don't know which one it is. And I'll probably butcher a lot of these, honestly.


And I always have one specific city in every tour that I hone in on to like prove my point. Like on the last one it was Like, I would be like, we'll be in the middle of fucking Burlington, Vermont. It was always Burlington, Vermont, I'm so sorry. Burlington, Vermont. But this one is Belfast. Just Picking one place to use 'em as a punching bag for all your jokes. And the only one that I don't know how to pronounce, I think it's just really special. This like feels like so much bigger of a to-do. Like you just kinda for the US tour, you hop on a bus and wake up in all the places. But this is like, we're flying and Like I know and I've never fly. I've like, I've only been to Mexico, I guess I've been to Canada too, but like, not really. Like for literally one day. This is my first time like going overseas. Really?


Yeah. Oh my gosh. We're gonna have so much fucking fun. It's Gonna be Amazing. It's amazing. And I'm watching, like, I'm watching traders right now, which is in Scotland and like everything is just Like, I, I need to be over there. It's so funny. I thought traders was in like Bel Air And I'm watching it's, I'm on Episode Castle in There's no way you thought it was sym. Have you? I'm Joking. I'm on like episode nine. Like it's just, well, we know that my geography isn't really, They're in like the hills of sco, like in the, in the countryside. I'm Also scared to take my feet out because of what has happened to me lately Going on. What's been happening. Okay. There was an episode of Cancelled where, you know, here I am, calm with my friend, we're talking our shit. Okay.


Right. And okay, We're living our best life And I just feel comfortable. I don't like a shoe. Everybody knows this about me. I just really don't like a shoe. And the wide shot had me in violation territory. And listen, Like I know I have some big steppers. I know I'm the big red boots biggest candidate. Okay. Be five fold. I know I can go skiing Sam's equipment. Okay. Like I amm aware that my foot is big, but it's just like, it's not that fucking big. And you never wanna be like, oh, it was the angle because then you just look like someone who's fighting against it. And it's like, all I should do is embrace my big paddles. You Know? Were people saying you had like big stompers flippers Tastes like more than that. Like people were talking about me, Like I had a deformity.


I didn't get to see it. I didn't get Get get to see it as crazy like the fucking live show. I'm like, we're front row babe. Look, I'm not a Reddit reader these days. And Jeff decided to read my Reddit before I came over. And then all of the Jeff FM boys crowded around and clowned me for the size of my foot. But when you see this angle, it is like fucking insane. I need to see it. I need to see, I need to bad. I even like have a, I'm trying to do, you know, don't we usually blur your feet out? Well now I really, really want to. And it's funny 'cause people think it's like, And I even sometimes will try to play into like, oh, I have to get my bag. Like that's why I am blurring my feet out. Like OF like, and no, it's because it's a hard watch sometimes.


Like just what's going on with them, you know? And you love to grip things with your toes. Like right now for the audio listeners, she's gripping into the leather. Well I just, Oh my God, the feeling of like a glass coffee table. The edge with these toes around it is Like I, I have the exact opposite feeling. I never want my barefoot to touch the ground any unless it's carpet. My barefoot is not touching a thing. I wear shoes everywhere I go in my house everywhere. That Sounds right. Because If I get so much as a crumb on my foot, it's like, Oh yeah, freak. No, I'm the exact shout Opposite. I just made myself sound like such a fucking bitch. It's Kinda like the back of my head. Like the what's happening with the back of my head is not my problem. And what's on the bottom of my feet is not my problem. And I like to think, yeah, but It's our problem. It's true.


And I'm just Like, I like to think that it helps me have like a barrier to the world. You know? Like, it's like what, like Keeps people away. Like no, Like I'm callousing my foot. That's crazy. Like, you know, it's, I'm, well That's like in Arizona, you like try to walk around on the sidewalk as much as you can when it's hot so that your feet, like you all of a sudden have, oh yeah. That's where it Started for me in Vegas. Like doing that. Like, I would walk to CVS barefoot 105 degrees out to like really build a shoe from myself. No, I'm not joking. When I was eight years old, like the bottom of my feet was like the same texture as elephant skin. That's what I meant too. Like I would just Walk down my barn driveway and it was just gravel And I would have pebbles like sticking into my feet. I mean, that's why I had to date a Hawaiian because it's like he's really, he's like, yes, duh. Barefoot everywhere. And I'm like, ugh. You get it.


You know? I'm, I'm so excited. Like, I'd like to think that's not happening. Like I, and maybe it is and like be the first to tell me if it is, because I don't wanna be like blaming the angle if this is what I'm working with. No, Tana, that angle makes it look like your foot is the same size as your torso. I'm not Gonna lie. I actually don't think it looks that big in that photo. I was expecting you to gimme like, It looks like brat stall feet. It looks like you can pop that out. Looks and like change shoes. You Know, your foot supposed To be the, the size of your forearm. Do you have a long forearm? No. Hell no. My supposed, not my forearm. There's no, that's not right. So yeah, I just, I don't know.


I'm really trying to avoid this happening to me again. Yeah. And I, I guess I'm good. You know what, there's worse things to get hate for if it's just your big feet, so be it. I Know, but it actually, like, I'm dwarfed by my foot in this, you know what I mean? Just Maybe, maybe your foot's not big. Maybe you're so tiny. You Know what? And we're gonna go with that. Yep. So we start off in Oslo, Norway, O Oslo. That's where all the, the like really stylish tiktoks are. Oh fuck. That's the outfits are. So another thing because like in the US there are definitely a lot of places where I'm very much so comfortable in like an IMGA set from 2019. And there's something about European style that makes me feel Like I need to like really Elevate.


No, I told Tana I'm not even bringing sweats. It's like I'm either wearing pajamas, like actual pajamas or I'm wearing an outfit that goes outside. Oh shit. And I'm, I'm not kidding. My vision, let me just go on record right now. Vision for outfits is Gabby windy on traitors. And I love that. I just feel like on tour sometimes I start, I was saying the other day that I've had such an arrow where I tried to be a girl who would wear socks and loafers. Right. Like with like a pinstripe skirt or whatever. And I came to the conclusion that Like I, when I do that, I feel like, you know, when like you see those images of like two kids in a suit and they're like trying to pretend to be a grown man. Like, it's like, so not me. You're getting like imposter syndrome. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Like I just, I I wanna stay true to myself, but I also feel like these outfits, the European outfits matter.


And then we go to Paris, France, I'm so excited to like, have to have work there. Like I just feel like every time we go there, I'm truly like my worst self. Like I've never been there and not been like shit faced. Rolling around under the Eiffel Tower, catching waiters as bodies. Fucking really Both baguettes. Yeah. Like just tripping balls on mushrooms. Assaulting Ross Lynch best. Yeah. Like I'm, I'm really excited to like be my best self in Paris. Yeah. It's so weird. 'cause you don't imagine Paris to be a place that's just like a blackout city. I know, I know. I don't know. I don't know if it's just like my energy in the past when arriving to Europe, but it is like wine. Everyone likes to make wine Seems so, and forgive me, me elegant, you know, and it's just like, No.


'cause one bottle of wine, I'm literally, I'm not joking. Like I Sweating off the ice And I can have a glass And I literally can't speak straight. I'm about to drink right now. It's obviously I'm an alcoholic. So anything that could be nice, even like an AOL spritz by a view, like I'm having 30, you know? Yeah. So it's Like, I don't know. I just, the way that, 'cause alcohol is a big thing in Europe, you know, just wine and AOL and whatever, and people have it normally leisurely and lightly. And obviously I don't, especially on my European excursions, the Ibiza of it all. Like, I'm really excited to like, And the kids, yeah, it is very alcohol cent like centered there. And I just feel like kids there are raised drinking out of like a bottle, a baby Bottle, which almost, I guess makes the people, I think that the drinking age being lower is almost better.


It Is. I they say that there's like actual studies about it. I just don't know about them. Then we had to Dublin, Ireland That I am Dublin. It's been my dream, literally my entire life to go to Ireland. And I've been say I've, I've said it at least 20 times on this podcast that I would die to go to Ireland. I'm so fucking excited. I I don't mean to keep bringing it back to the outfits, but the only other time I've been to Dublin, Ireland was when the main patterns in my wardrobe were rainbow flames and checkers. And have I showed you show Up. Like I show the image. I, I should show you the photo and it's an easy find, but it's me underneath a castle, a beautiful castle built like traitors by a man in Dublin, Ireland. Look at this, look at the castle and look at my outfit. Look at my outfit, look at my outfit, look at my fucking outfit.


And the feet are kind of huge there. So maybe it wasn't That's what I mean when I say like, I'm not bringing sweats because I just know like no matter what, I wanna be able to take a picture. Well it didn't stop her. Look at this castle. Like I, Like I can't wait to be in a little Irish jig Fix. Have you ever seen a castle like that in Bel Air? Guys, we need to wear kilt and get bagpipes. Oh, I'm so excited. Wow. Also You with bagpipes would be nuts. I would love to do that. I Would die if you had bagpipes, to be honest in a horrible way. But imagine walking out on stage there And I do a little bagpipe moment. Okay. She's getting scared. What were You gonna say? I just think of ps I love you.


Then we go to Berlin, Germany. Ooh, Ooh. I don't know anything. I dunno much about Ger Germany. My dad was grew up in Germany or like was, I don't know, something. Belfast, uk. Belfast. Belfast. I think it's Belfast. I think you're right. I like Belfast. Belfast. You Know Glasgow uk. That's Scotland, right? Yeah. South Glasgow. Actually, I have no idea. I've Been to Glasgow a few times. I wish I knew that. I don't know London, Manchester all just so fun. I can't stress it enough how much the UK girlies are like even today. Like I was pitching something for the show and you were kind of be like, is that too not wholesome for London girlies?


And yes, there there is the side of the girlies in London that are very much giving high tea better than us. But I think the girlies that will come to the Cancelled show, just in my past history of doing shows like the UK girlies are wild. Really? They're wild. Yeah. I feel like they're cut from the same cloth as as us. Yeah. You Know what I I'm most excited for? Mm. Is for my makeup to be socially accepted. We should do like ch checks before the shows. I would love, I'm already job checking Concealer on our lips. Well I just wanna say that what's happening to, I, I wanna say us, but more so you online, like what people are saying about the makeup is not you, is not how you look in person. And I really mean that.


I just wanna go, well, first of all, I don't know who is responsible, but somebody is at fault and it's half me. But something that happens, like it doesn't happen when we post the clips of like cancel clips on Instagram. But when we post them on TikTok, it's like there's like some sort of AI like sharpening filter that happens on them and all of a sudden it literally, I don't know what it does to my face. Face. It looks like Your contours blended carrots sometimes. And it's like really not like you look beautiful. It doesn't look Like that at all. And it also, it makes my eyebrows like, Like I don't even fill in my eyebrows hardly. And like it makes 'em like fully black and square and like, it just, it looks like somebody turned the sharpness all the way up and then I'm not kidding. I'm getting cooked online. Everyone's like, what kind of blindness even is this? Because I, I like, there's, everything is wrong.


Nothing is right. And honestly I Agree with you. It's Easy. I'm I'm happy And I'm very happy You sent me the side by side and it looks like two different brooks. The other one's bronc. Thank you. But also like, how many times can I make like the excuse like we've done every different set, every single scenario and always look like, hmm. There's a filter on that. Like no there's not. But I promise you I'm looking at you right now and like your makeup is your skin tone. It matches your hands. Well I will say, I wouldn't lie to you. Thank You. Thank you so much. I'm really heavy handed with makeup. I always have been, but I really just love makeup And I love to wear makeup. And if you think it looks like shit, you're probably right. And I don't care. I think you look Fabulous. No, I don't, I don't think you're as heavy handed as your make yourself. I swear it's like completely normal course. I start crying Amsterdam, Netherlands.


I'm excited for Amsterdam. I've Never been to Amsterdam and I'm so excited. So excited. We have to like shroom it out. I fear. I was gonna say we can really have like our, what is it? Oh, the fault in our stars. Like that moment breathing machines and then you guys can really hit that. Okay. That's what I remember too. All I remember is the, the breathing apparatuses. Oh. And Then they, they lay when they're upside down and they're laying and it's like, don't die. Right. Something like that. But yeah, they have like a whole trip to go to Amsterdam to like meet this author that the girl's obsessed with. I don't Remember. She's gonna, It was like her like Make-A-Wish. Aw. It's a sad movie. It's A really sad, sad movie. It's fucked up.


I just really also need to rewrite my European mushroom. 'cause the worst trip. I've not the worst mushroom trip I've ever had, but the second worst, worst mushroom trip I've ever had in my entire life was in Paris. Oh my God. And I was so cruel. I literally thought you and Ty were gonna kill me. I thought, I truly thought you and Ty were plotting to kill me. Why? The mushrooms? Like, I don't know. I wasn't seeing in color. I can't explain it to you that day. I've never seen color look like that in real life. Like everything was gray scale and everyone was going to kill me. So crazy. My worst mushroom trip. I was in Vegas and you were also in Vegas And I was calling you, calling you, calling you. And you just wouldn't answer. Did I ever Answer? No, you never answered. But it was New Year's Eve And I was in, first of all, who does shrooms in Vegas? I'm literally walking through the casino and the carpet is like coming at me.


Wait, no, I I feel like that's the best place to do shrooms because I mushrooms in Vegas and it's like all the lights and like all the patterns, colors. I was so overwhelmed And I was just so panicked. I had to, I ruined everybody's news. Weren't you At the wind too? I don't even think I could have saved you. I don't know. I don't remember It was spit. But I am just really excited to maybe do a little mushroom dabble in Amsterdam and like rewrite it because I don't have bad trips often. Yeah. I really only like, it was only when I thought Trey was the grudge and when I assaulted Ross Lynch. And that's like, other than that I truly have, I Know we need like a little mushroom, a little blunt walking down the streets of Amsterdam taking in the sites. It sounds magical. And it's so beautiful. I'm so excited. That'd be fun to do a whole show on mushrooms.


Well, either fun or the worst show Absolutely ever Refunds galore anacon down. That's basically like me right now. I feel like I'm on mushrooms. I drink an entire ghost energy drink, took a propanol and now I'm drinking wine. And I'm like, I've never felt better. I'm like, and Barney's in the corner. You, I I feel like your heart is like a rat on a wheel right now trying to figure out which way to go. Like it's even just, she brought in the thing she was about to ingest today and I'm gonna insert the photo, but the colorway ruined my day. Like that red and green ghost energy and then that purple and white propanolol from Mexico. And Then it's Like, I'm like, oh my God, why am I so tired all the time? I'm so lethargic. I have no energy. Your diet is literally a ghost energy drink and fucking crunch wrap supreme bitch.


Like get a Grip. I, I couldn't agree more. Cheers. Literally cheers. Not, I couldn't agree more. I I can't change. Even if I tried me neither. The diet would just change. Like I'm working out so much, I'm like feeling so good and like active and stuff. But it's like I'll s like spend the entire day at the gym and come home and eat Bullock and it's Like I just can't help it. I ate so fucking healthy for like damn near two weeks. And then I had a weekend where in one weekend I ate the entire Taco Bell menu for lunch on Saturday that night I went home And I ate two pink carbonara bullocks. I woke up the next day. I felt Like I drank bleach. I went to Trisha's. We ordered the entire a MC theater's menu. I'm talking loaded tots popcorn. I see Central.


I go home, I order wing stop, I eat all of that. I wake up the next day And I eat two back to back subway foot longs meat ball sub as well. My, I was gassing koa out of the house. Aw. And it was just like, have you no self-control. Well, but what I'll say about you and it's Like, I think this is makes you very fraudulent. Okay. She will order everything like 20 things on a menu and does, if she takes a bite of it at all, she'll take one. Yes. Like nothing is ever touched. Like Two bullocks. I'm talking licking thet Bull like a Dog don't believe. But did you clear them? Yes. Did you take three bites? Oh, but no, You're right.


You are like a freeze. I order everything and you never eat it. No. I You can ask Amari to like back you up. I am, I do wanna say that I consume like 45% of what I eat in the day. Maybe more and maybe 60 after 10:00 PM Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. The day is just the pregame for when I'm really alone and it's all spread out in my bed. No, the meatball foot long was crazy And I was on the toilet like the next day. Like I'm talking both ends. Like I just, it I love meatballs. I'm not talking, this entire past weekend has been rolling loud and the first night I'm not, I came home, I was so fucking hammered. I went online like on Postmates. I'm like, okay, what's even open? What can I get ordered myself a seven 11 pizza and boneless wings. That pizza has lasted me the past two days.


That's all I've been eating is the seven 11 cheese pizza. But I'm not joking. Like wake up breakfast, pizza, lunch, slice of pizza, dinner, pizza. It's a good pizza. And it's like five bucks. It was 12 bucks. Yeah. And I love seven 11. That's a meal For the past three days. And now I want that. I just have such a, a strong problem with balance. Like whenever something is bad, I need to cut it out completely. Yeah. And it's, it's so hard because it's like you obviously cannot cut out food completely. Like it's, and be like, same with alcohol. Like just anything. If I, if something is bad for me, it is either do it or don't. And you can't do that with food obviously. So it's just like so hard for me and I'll be so healthy and then just have the relapse of the century.


Well That's why I don't believe in diets. 'cause if you diet then it's like all of a sudden you just have to go crazy. But if I'm not dieting, everything is a low tefi. Everything is hot. Cheeto, I just did a video for my pickles that are about to come out where I showed the class for YouTube my favorite pickle combinations and like jro, I've never seen him have fear like that behind the camera. Like just the gush or tahin. We made the, my, one of my new favorites is hot chili over pickles with sour cream and Fritos Way. You do get spunky with it though. I swear to God. I've like watched her put vanilla bean ice cream and like yellow mustard on a pickle. Sounds amazing.


She gets really, Really creative. Ew. Yeah. And Just like, oh my god, the peanut Jay Rod's face when I did the peanut butter whipped cream, pretzel Nutella pickle. And it's like I'm talking death row. Yeah. You know, and it was just, it was wild though. Especially 'cause normally when I eat a pickle combo, I eat one of them And I made them all and we all ate them all. And like when Jro left I was like, wall gripping. You know, they're, It, It sounds amazing. The pickles are so amazing. But anyways, Auckland New Zealand. Ooh. Never heard of it. But it's so exciting. Wait, what? Isn't that new? New Take a beat. Remember a second ago And I was Like, I can't have wine. I can't speak English where the Hobbit was filmed.


I love the things, you know, I actually don't know. I know it was in New Zealand. I don't know where, but remember Hobbit tour? Hobbit tour? Is it just me with my feet? No, on I on tour we have to do the Hobbit tour. I don't know what the hell that means, but I'm down. It's like, Nevermind. Wait, No. What do you like go the tour? Like, oh, I couldn't even think of a tour other than like Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. No, It's like a tour of like Hobbit lands and it's like so amazing. It's so cool. Wait, okay. That's cute. I've never even seen The Hobbit but I'm so down. I I Love some weird shit. I hate to say it And I do hate to say it but what are Hobbits? It's a movie The Hobbit or it's like a series not A real animal. No, no. But also they filmed Lord of the Rings Rabbit Hobbit Lord Of the Rings is all in New Zealand as well.


No way. I like rings. I like Gandalf. Ooh I like He's the old one. Smle. Yeah. Is Smle from Lord Of the Ring.


The great rewards hunt is on. So join the adventure with DraftKings Casino for fun. Seekers follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses and exclusive games. But The excitement is only getting started because new players can get 500 CASINO SPINS ON A FEATURED GAME. Just sign up with code Cancelled and wager a minimum of $5 to receive 500 CASINO SPINS ON A FEATURED GAME. Only on the most rewarding place to play DraftKings Casino. The Crown Is Yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly at 21 plus physically present in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, only void In Connecticut and Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only non Withdrawable Casino Spins valid for featured game only and expire in 168 hours. See terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos. Ends 4 27 25 at 1159 PM ET Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast. Play Responsibly.


And then we have Brisbane, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, and Sydney. And I am so fucking excited to like see you guys experience Australia. Australia's one of my favorite places on planet Earth and like the fans there are so fun and crazy and wild. I, it really hasn't even like really registered with me that we're going to Australia 'cause we've been talking so much about UK since its first. Yeah, Australia is in July and UK is tomorrow Basic. So I'm so excited. Do you think we can go see Clinton's mom in Perth? I was gonna say that and we need to track down Anna Paul. Oh yeah. Track down. Like she's a part of the Hobbit tour.


We got We have binoculars. Yeah, we're looking at waterfront homes. I staking out, Oh my God, that's, I need answers. It is gonna be funny. Just the jokes that we're able to make on stage there. Like I just love being in places and, but I just can't trust it enough. Even like for example, okay, like TSA in Australia is wildly different than it is in America. And anyone can go all the way to the gate. Like if your gate is 32 B, like any, like someone on the street can go all the way to 32 B. It's not just people who are flying. Wait, do They have is that They have to go through the security thing. But anyone can still go to like 32 B and like touring there. Like a lot of times like the fans will like come to the gate and then they like treat like Bieber in the airport. That's Crazy.


I've always wondered how that happens to celebrities when you see people like show up places and like there's a million people outside their gate. What? So they only check your boarding pass when you get to the gate to board on the flight? Yes. So Joe Schmo can just run up and Yeah, I don't, I don't love it when you really break it down, but it's just like a safer place. Australia's like, Yeah they have morals and Yeah. Yeah. But I have seen some crazy shit go down in like the Adelaide's and the Perth of Australia. Like it's, it's a place to get lit for sure. Perfect. Are we Gonna be near the opera House? That's in Sydney, right? Sydney Opera House. Wait, wait, we should try to Like Finding Nemo. Why do I think of anyone? But you like Sydney Sweeney? Like when there Wait, said Why is that the big place? That's like In the harbor?


Yeah. Yes. Yes. And that was good. I liked that did. Oh my God. It's just same with that, the outfits. I just can't wait to rewrite history. This is gonna be my first time looking put together in a lot of places and I'm just, I'm really excited. No sweats. I'm, I might have to sweat it out. I know. Sweating it. I dunno what makes me think that sweats don't exist outside of America, but I think sweats are just like such a lazy thing and America's such a lazy country that I'm like, You know what it is though? Like, I don't know, like sweats with a leather jacket and a cute shoe. You could do a sweat. You could do I Yeah, no, you can really, the actual issue is that it takes up so much space in your suitcases. And I can completely get what you're saying though because I will just like beat one sweatsuit to smithereens when I'm in a place. You know, Like I, it comes home with like holes in the crotch, you know?


Yeah. The crotch. What happened? Teeth hungry. Okay. Yeah. But I'm so fucking excited. I'm just so excited to, it's been a while since we've like toured and it like I'm really missing it these days. Even yesterday Tricia called me while she was on stage and just like seeing the crowd and the people and like there was someone front row at Tricia's show with the Cancelled university crew neck on. Oh. And then black glitter makeup that looked like tears. And I was just like, oh my God, I can't wait. Just for like, how cute. Even just all the fun shirts, like how people wear the shirts that say the crazy shit And I'm just like, oh my God. I'm so excited. And I just Like I Told Tana, I think we should do Hello And welcome back to the council podcast. Yes. Yes. That's so cute.


I'm so excited. Also just like writing the tour with you too before we sat down to film made me like 10 times more excited thinking about what we're gonna talk about. Like all the crazy shit. Brooke Put this into words today so beautifully. And I'm probably going to use what you said like a hundred times across our press and like everything, it's gonna be my like token dirty door phrase. Perfect. But Brooke was talking about how there were so many moments of really awful shit that Like I was doing or she was doing or anyone was doing during filming. The first two seasons have Cancelled, but we weren't ready to talk about them because we were so in it. You know, like some sexual escapades or some different things. Especially that I've done where it was like that that can't come on the internet because I did that yesterday.


Yeah. And Like I kind of want the narrative of this show, especially because of how far we're going lit physically, just talking about how far we've come as people. I think we are in such a wholesome era of life. But there are some stories from the Vault that are just alarming. Alarming. Oh, a crowd favorite of mine. It's gonna be such an incredible show I think. 'cause finally I am able to look back at these things with a lot of embarrassment and shame, but also able to laugh 'cause I'm just so not that girl anymore. Yeah. 'cause now you're so far removed from it that you can look back and make jokes about it. Right. But there were times where we were sitting here and like we thought we were above it, but it was like, okay, we're like kind of still in the thick of it. Yeah. Like That. Like, but I swear Koa is gonna have to take up like jogging or something.


Like he cannot hear this show. And it's not that I, I don't know what it's, 'cause it's not me anymore, but like, you never wanna hear about your girlfriend. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. Fill In the blanks. Yeah. Just like, oh my God. It's Like I, I can't believe some of the things that I have done, you Know? Yeah. And honestly too, I feel like you guys have gotten a good dose of my lore by now, but I have so much more that I've never even spoken of. Yeah. And I Think it's, I'm digging out of like the depths of my brain. It's, I think it's gonna be great and there's gonna be something for everyone to relate to in the audience. You know, the Cancelled girlies are very wild and obviously we'll still continue to give advice and have a lot of different things where we interact with the crowd.


But this set of stories is the most brutal. Like by far. And I'm just Like, I'm really excited. I think it's gonna be great. Yay. For some reason too, it just feels like what happens over there stays over there. I Really agree with that. And I, it doesn't make sense because like the internet, it's gonna be on TikTok. Internet is everywhere and like we know how that works. But like for some reason I'm like, God, I just Like, I can say anything over like no qu consequences in Europe. Like yes there are. Yes. And I'm sure we will learn that by like show four. But you know, I'm still excited to try and just real, especially because it, this has been so long awai that like, we get comments every single day. Like come to Australia. Also, I will say, I wanna get ahead of this, the Canadian girlies. We hear you and we see you and we love you and we will get to you.


Like I just, I feel like such an asshole almost Like I know Announcing Another tour in Canada's getting missed. Like, I love you guys especially 'cause I love Canada. It's my favorite place I've ever been. I love Canada so much and it's like every place we'd have a stop, I've dated someone from Like, I could really just make that the whole fucking show. You know? And I, it's Like I bring 'em out. I've, I have had Canada in me for a long time. Nice. Not Jesus. Shameless. You know how that meant, how that meant how I, A few word do trick, few Word do trick. Oh my gosh. Have you seen JP P'S new song that's going viral? He called me the other, so JP like, you know JP Sacks? Yeah. He's a song that just came out JP iss like funny. His whole show is like, his whole shtick is being like, like he does like standup and then ings and stuff.


And he's also just like very, like, he's just funny. And so he made a song and it's called Smartphone Make Me Dumb. And it, he says like, smartphone make me dumb. Whiskey make me numb. And then he said, women make me. And then he just goes, mm. But like the whole song is like very, it's, it's just a great song. But like people are clipping only that little part and it, they're just running it home. It's like they're making fun of it so bad. Oh wait, I think it's being Serious about it. Like not satire. Yeah. Like it's, yeah. But it's meant to be like, And it's, it's so crazy too to have a lyric goes so viral for people. Like people are saying like, they would've loved this bc you know what I mean? Like not getting it And he's like a lyrical genius. Yeah. Literally. Like, but he's Really good sport about it.


Like, he called me and he's like, dude, how do I even like, like show that this was supposed to be funny? And I was like, honestly just like whatever people are listening and it's like yeah, but people are genuinely making fun of him and being like, there's no way he's serious and so Mean and it's like go listen to like explain you. Yeah. Or when you think of me like he is truly a lyrical genius. So it's, you Have to almost equate that to like the artist Picasso, where it's like you look at the art and you're Like, I could have done that. Like, that's so shady. Yeah. But then it's like there are so many layers and levels to that and you know that they're an incredibly talented artist and it's like, that's just, Yeah. The girls, they get Get it. Lot of context. It's so funny. You know? Yeah. I also just love jp. I have been like trying to like help him. I think it's so funny whenever like musicians we know get into like TikTok trouble, they always like reach out to me like, how do I respond to this?


And it's Like, I don't know. You Are, he's a good sport. He's cracking up about it. But I'm Like, I'm cracking up at all the tiktoks too. 'cause it is like funny outta context. It's like there's no way. Mm. Women make me. Mm. Well then he's this, forget what I was running from, but like everyone cuts that part out. Smartphone Make me dumb. Few word do check. I'm gonna stream Casey Anthony on TikTok. Like, I don't even, And I know, I feel like lately I've been just driving this home, my hatred for bad parents. But it's crazy the way Casey Anthony was like the beginning of that. Oh my god. I don't know. I think it goes back further than Casey Anthony. But I think we really like, that was a, a huge one in our childhood where we were Like, I guess we really weren't that young, but, Well the, where the media was just like what the Actual, it's like, it's up there with like Tiger Woods cheating and as far as like media Coverage, Huge media and Yeah, but I'm, but I'm saying like things that like literally made such an impact on me because it was like, it felt like the biggest story in the world.


Yeah. Yeah. I just can't believe that at the, because think about how like we were probably like 13 or however old and like now I'm 26. She should not just be free and be on TikTok. Her also being a legal advocate is crazy. The zanny, the nanny, the nanny of it all. There was no nanny and she was just like giving the daughter Xanax or she was on Xanax. She waited 31 days to report her child missing. She never once looked for her daughter. Like at all. Really? In my opinion. And even now, I Think she knew where she was. The only redeemable thing would be if you're online still fighting for justice for your daughter. Yeah. Like it's just like, what do you think? You're like a personality it's, or what About like, how about we try to find the person who killed her also?


Yeah. People were saying like, even OJ pretended to look. Yeah. You Know, I mean, but like it's also just so shitty. 'cause now here we are talking about it and giving it more coverage. Yeah. And this, that's the same shit with trevino fucking awful, horrible parent. But because she's so terrible, people just like wanna talk about it and it's just like giving her more coverage and Like I know I made her TikTok like saying this. Yeah. And then I didn't post it because I was like, I'm a part of the problem that I hate so much And I continue to do it. It's just like, well unfortunately these things are so shocking. Yeah. It's wild. Even like when I went to Casey Anthony's page, there were a few people that I followed that were following her And I had to like unfollow them. I was like, there's no way that's Insane That, you know what I mean? 'cause it's Like, I don't wanna dilute it down to like a shock factor, but it is.


And it's like seeing this woman posting tiktoks, it's like, what the fuck? And obviously people are gonna talk about it, but again, it's just giving her more coverage and more attention and she's gonna continue to like, keep posting and doing it. It sucks. How is The judicial system that fucked though? Like how is she out of prison? I, I really, I don't know. There Are so many things like, like in that regard that I just don't understand. Like, that you can't Like, I dunno, there's so many things that like aren't usable that are like, How Can you not use that? And I just like, I'll never understand. Yeah, it's wild. But wait, what do you Casey Anthony for prison? Like, things that like can happen but like aren't usable in court. Like Oh Yeah. Like that. Don't hold up in court. Yeah. Like She should be in prison for fucking life. Yeah.


I am so excited to see the Fray live in concert with Landon Barker doing his little bathroom jig, which is why I wanna give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more. So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and SZA the weekend. Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live events. I attended Billie Eilish earlier this year And I was Les and levitating. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10, so you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys, you can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Before we get to Lucy Hale and Harry jy, which I do just wanna talk about. I mean, I guess we could just go into that, but I wanna talk about Coachella. Wait, let's get into it. And That's it. It's just like, this is the first year where I'm like deciding if I should go or not. And I obviously have the world's worst case of fomo And I just wanna know where you guys stand. Like what are your thoughts? See, obviously, like you And I have talked about this a lot, but I usually like, FOMO is what gets me to Coachella. Like, I, I, it's not even like, oh, I'm dying to go to Coachella. I have so much fun at Coachella. It's always just Like, I know I'm gonna have fomo. Really? This is the first time ever I feel like completely Like I I have none of that.


Wait, good. And only Like, I love Coachella. It's so fun and stuff, but I've done it also a thousand times And I, I feel like since I've gone to so many music festivals too, it doesn't feel like, oh, I have to go to Coachella. I can go to Lollapalooza or I can go to oga or I know, I guess it's just Like, I, I'm fine with it now, but I know that it's gonna come and I'm gonna see it And I'm literally gonna wanna like Groundhogs Day go in the ground. You find out when I peek out, you know, Like I am so, 'cause I love it so much. Tour's also in five days after Coachella, that's a, we could end up getting a lot of lore that we use on tour, but My thoughts are Lady Gaga and Charlie Xcx and I'm just Like, I would give anything to see them.


But also, yeah, tour in five days is crazy. And also just how expensive Coachella is is so fucking absurd. Like paying like 1.2 K for an artist pass, fuck that. Paying like 1.3 K for a hotel or like an Airbnb stay is so crazy. And then feeling like the pressure to get outfits, outfits and oh my God, just everything about it. Like the Food, the car services that drinks. Yeah. Ev Coachella is the most expensive thing on planet Earth. And then I've like, it's Like a wedding. You wake up the next day too, you're like, oh shit, it's over. Yeah. And, and all that money's gone. But I, I used to really love it so much too that I think I'm holding on to that like version of me, you know, there was a time in my life where I was on tour in Australia.


I had the three days off of Coachella. I flew from Australia to Los Angeles, did Coachella, and then flew back to Australia. Like, what the fuck? How old were you? 21? Yeah, no, like 18. Yeah. So it makes sense, the energy levels, but I'm saying now even just the idea of tour being in five days from it And I did it sober and it's just different. It just is. Yeah. Like it's, Well also I, Like, I was thinking about that too And I was like, okay, for Coachella, obviously I'm gonna wanna go, I'm gonna wanna have a drinker five or 10 mm and I'm gonna wanna take Molly sue me. But then it's like, okay. And then what quick 180 tour in five days, like Yeah. And how sick I get from Coachella every time. I'm always sick for at least like a full month after that I'll have like the nastiest coffee you've ever heard.


Oh, The dust lung is fucking like no other. And I just like, I'm Like, I, I'm in a wedding like the week before I would go, you know, straight from Texas to Coachella to Europe and I'm Like, I just don't wanna do that kids The 45,000 steps, Like I'm 80. And I realized how much too, I realized last year how much alcohol helps you with the fact that you can be feeling something but you can prolong it. Whether that's exhaustion, foot pain, outfit pain, like one thing about being sober is like whatever it is, you are going to feel it in that moment. Oh yeah. Like the exhaustion. It's almost better drinking 'cause then you're just like hungover and you ride out the hangover and you rest and then you're fine. Whereas like doing it sober, you feel it all throughout it. And then Like I, dude, I don't, Last year I wore these cowboy boots.


I'm not joking, probably two sizes too small for me. My toes were like this the entire time inside my boots. How that I was walking to the festival like out, out, out waddling went to the bar, took three shots And I was like, okay, nevermind. I can tell The world I don't have feet. Yeah. I would do anything I take on the world to to slip into the vortex for three days and then come out of it. Yeah. And I think the fact that I can't, it's just, I don't know, it's wild. And I'm, but I just like, you Know what they have Huh? Nita And I did it at Coach He this last year she showed me she, you like have stuff that you can spray on your feet. Lidocaine and it just like your feet, you don't have feet anymore. It's, that's your skin. It's not your bones. Like I have a major bone issue. Like my bones just hurt at all times with everything.


She's always, Always cracking her hips. Ugh. It sucks. Like it will be so fun and stuff but it's, it's just to me it's Like I can go next year. It feels so Outta line. Outta line. Yes. Out of pocket. I don't know, the FOMO might get the best of me And I might end up going anyways but then I might just like majorly regret that decision. I just think Come Monday, if I wake up the day that it's over And I got through that weekend without having gone, I'm gonna be like, oh my God, I saved so much money. I'm so fabulous and amazing and perfect. That is so true. Like just the money saving of it all. I'm trying to think of any tips we could give the girlies if it is their first Coachella. Because I don't wanna like sit here and just hate on it. I've gone to like 13. I love it more than anything in, in the world. It's the happiest place on earth. There's no feeling like being at Coachella. But honestly I don't know.


I feel a little bit like my original Coachellas were more fun because you know, you go, you go ga and everything is like, you get there early and you spend the whole day and you are so miserable. But it's just like so much camaraderie. Yeah. It's Part of it and it's so fun and it's just like exciting Saturday, Sunday. Yeah. Just did two days. I don't think I could make it through. I just feel Like I, if I'm gonna do one day I'm gonna do three because you've gotta drive down to Palm Springs and all, all of this. But I've also, Frank Ocean changed me so much too because I don't know, putting an artist on a pedestal that their performance is gonna be the reason for you going Frank Ocean scarred me for life.


Like that weekend, I don't think I saw, I don't even, I didn't listen to any music really. I just went to Frank Ocean and then I came home And I was like, what did I spend my money on? Yeah. What are you gonna have FOMO for? You don't even get to the festival till like 9:00 PM I know. It's, to be honest with you, you know what it is. It's like my love for serving. I just wanna serve looks You can serve, you can serve wherever you want. And Then it's like last year you, I wore a wife beater and a furry skirt. Like just do that in the kitchen. You don't need to to spend fur thousands the background. And I do, I realized I, I totaled up what my absolute minimum Coachella spend this year would be. And it's like $17,000. That's fucking absurd. And it's like There's, I'm, we're just gonna go out on a women's day. That's not your minimum spend.


Like I think you could definitely do it cheaper than $17,000. I know. I guess you're like maybe 14. But Like I if she wants to do it Tana style, like For Security Also, that's the thing is the bodyguard. I just, I love my fans. I wouldn't change anything in the world but anytime I've done any music festival without a bodyguard, I get touched in places I don't wanna get touched. You get fucking Berated. I really do. Like people love to just grab my holes, my orifices And I dunno what it's, I'm pretty sure wasn't it last Coachella, someone just came up to you and they were like, Tana like grabbed your tits and was like shaking 'em 100% And just, it's always the headlock and it's, and then it's like, yes, all my friends can go and like then their job is to help me like protect myself in a way.


But that's no fun for everyone with me then. And then no one wants to be around me. And also Also it's like what am I gonna do? Like try to fend, like fend someone off who's like on Molly rolling and drunk as fuck trying to like say hi to you. No one's gonna take me seriously. You need like a big Security guard and then that's an artist pass for them. And then the rate of them and then I don't know. And obviously yeah I could just not do that but I don't feel safe. Yeah. Which is like wild. I don't know. That's Why I say we just like go to OGA or something instead and it's like, No but it's like, I mean Coachella, there's still Everybody's there. Camp. I love meeting all the girlies with their Molly jaw and glitter tears and fringe crop tops. Like I do just fucking love it. I think everyone's in like such a different mood at Coachella.


I just, I don't know. I would, I, a part of me would feel missing. Yeah. To not go. But I would love to save the money And I would love to save the energy dollars as Whitney Cummings says, we Have to go to Lollapalooza. That's the best festival on planet Earth. I've never decided. I just went for the first time this last year. Well, I mean actually Wheel and just the, oh it's like getting to Coachella does feel like home. Let me go ahead and ask you. I'll never Get on it. I like to look at it at it. Have You ever been on the Ferris wheel? No. It's The last on the Fer wheel. Ferris Wheel. I got in trouble sucking dick on it And I just went on it to suck the dick. Remember that James Charles situation Meme? Yeah. That was wild. Wait, what? It was like everyone thought James Charles was sucking that guy's dick on the Ferris wheel, but it was Like, I think it was just a stranger.


No, Where the hell was I? That's crazy. It was so viral. The rainbow. Really? Yeah, The rainbow tower. The rainbow tower that no one's ever fucking climbing up. 'cause there's no point. It's, I get it actually crazy. The Rainbow Tower is a little unethical and no one ever talks about that. It's like super fucking hot in there and then people pack like sardines and you just walk up to walk down and like everyone comes out like, because Like I've always seen it and like I'll ask people what's at the top? Like what do you see up there? They go nothing. There's Like cool to see the people like ants and like all of Coachella and whatever. But it's Like I Google dream Shots terribly because it's like you're looking through an orange window. Yeah, Yeah. No, not worth the climb. I fucking love Coachella. Some of my favorite life's memories are Coachella. But I don't know. I don't know. Speaking of music festivals, I spent this entire past weekend at Rolling Loud.


Oh my God. To hear now. And I can't Thank you enough for going out on the front lines and gathering lore for the girls because I'm frontline a bitch is tired. You know, I love the front lines. No, 'cause I really was, I really fucking was. I used To be a rolling loud girly And I just, it's special. It's so fun. Well now it's so funny 'cause I went there And I was like wearing a cream colored top And I was walking around And I was like, oh my goodness, I'm in a sea of emo kids. Because now it's like, you know, Playboy card's, like the breeding ground for the demographic of boys who are like chrome hearts Like Mason, Mason dis Yeah. Like wearing Rick Owens and they have like a dying rose and like a bat in their Instagram bio. That's how I felt. You, It's always the bat in the Instagram.


That's, that's how I felt it. Nea Barrett, They send you a text and it has like a plus sign and like asterisk, you know what I'm saying? I I, yes. That was my, unfortunately my yes bread and butter for a long time. So I went And I felt like a little outta place because of that. But I had the best fucking time. Day one was like pretty casual. I went with Trevi. So Boys Lie invited me to go and they, they did a collab with this girl Bunny who's the owner of Rolling Loud, like the entire festival. She's the owner. She owns it with her husband Matt. Which Okay, that's what I was gonna, I thought it was a guy named Matt. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Matt and Bunny. So Boys Lie invited me, they're like, please come to Rolling Loud, we'd love to have you. I said, abso fucking lly, I'll be there. So me, trevi, Ty and Ari all go to Rolling Loud day one.


Pretty chill. And by chill I mean like we were all ripping shots and dancing at the table and like doing our big one. We took like silo, gummies and it was so fucking fun. But Like I woke up the next day hungover as balls. I had to, I woke up at like 10:00 AM I had no intention of going. I was like, I'm done. I'm not, I can't do day two, whatever. Ari FaceTimes me. He's like, get up bitch, we're going. And I was Like, I like rolled over. I saw like the little blue boys lie box, little PR box. And I was like, I'm obligated. I have to do this for the girls. Girls go. Correct. So I woke up Chugged a Red Bull And I was on my merry way for day two. And you know, Ari was probably just so funny. He's so funny in certain elements When it's like Backstage going like this.


Ooh, Right, right, right. He, he loves a rich environment. He loves like a fun event. So he was honestly on his best behavior. He was being so fucking funny. But we get to day two and we go to the table and the boys lives girls, the boys lie, girls are there and Bunny comes over like the owner. And we are just ripping shots. We're all like laughing and just dancing like all of the artists before Playboy card are performing and we're just having like a ball. And I then a ball having ball And then right, we're just having a ball and I'm just dancing, getting down And I look over my shoulder and I'm like, oh my god, Liv from Love Island comes walking up to the table and I'm like, fangirling. I fangirling. I'm sweating. 'cause I love that season.


I love her. And Kayla Like I was gagged and Like I'm trying to be cool about it, but I'm Like, I can't, like if I see a bitch Like I love in person, I'm gonna tell them I love them. Like I, me Too. I have no shame about it. I'll be like, I'm literally your biggest fan. Yeah. I'm not above it. So she comes over And I like, she hugs me and she's like, hi, I'm Liv. I'm like, oh I know. And I hug her. I was like, I'm great And I love your work. Literally I was like, I'm obsessed with you. Like I can't even lie. Like I love you. And she's like, oh my God, stop. Like, I Think it's so good to do that. Like you'll get shut down now and again and then like it does give you a bad taste of those people, you know? But yeah, But it's a, but no, she was a sweet angel. And then like, I'm not joking, I left that night like floating on a cloud because we became like this. Aw we were again just like drinking together, dancing, having so much fun, just like hitting like some jokes And I could not say more positive things about that girl.


And then from there it just ramps the fuck up. So Liv like broke the seal and then maybe 10 minutes goes by and Ari goes, oh my god, Kai Gnats right there. I go, what The freak out? He's not real. He's like, if I saw him in person, I would be like, no wait, we Did, we sat by, we sat next to him at the Dreamies. Wait, really? Yeah, he was at the table right next to us. I don't remember my own lines. He's in the background of all my videos And I didn't know him at the time. So like everybody was like, is that Kai? And I now looking back, I'm Like, I Hate myself. I need to ask you about not remembering my own life. Actually that reminds me in a second, but can you please continue? I'm like, gee, I know. So we're sitting at the table and mind you also like, because Boys Lies like in with Bunny, the owner, we have like the best table ever.


And I just felt so like, it was so lavish And I was just like, what the fuck am I doing here, here taking Care Of Like, I felt so out of place. So taken care of. It was like in artist section, like up, we had like our own table, like perfect view of the stage. It was unreal. But Ari goes, oh my god, Kai SNAs right there. I turned look My love Kai too. Oh, he was Gagged. I was gagged. Yeah, the robots the 30 day stream. Just who he's, he's amazing at what he does. I just like loved him on Jimmy Fallon. Like he, it was almost like, it was like Kai's show and Jimmy was just there. Like Jimmy Fallon looked like a prop. Like a guest? Yeah, like literally a guest. So, and I mean Anna's a fucking hustler too because he was live streaming the entire day. So he's going around meeting fans. He's like at a food truck.


He has a videographer following him the entire day. He's just live streaming. 24 fucking seven. It's The hardest thing in the world. It is crazy. But he was being so sweet, just like interacting with all the fans, taking pictures, like giving everyone the time of day. And I was like, oh my god. I'm like real standup guy. Does he have a girlfriend? Wait. Oh he does. Oh fuck shit. But he was there like that was fucking crazy. And then we're still at the table. We're all having fun and Playboy card's set starts. And I'm not joking when I tell you people were packed in like sardines. You could not fucking move, you could not turn. It was body to body. And also I had taken silos. So I'm watching his set start and I'm like, oh this feels like sacrilegious.


I had a mushroom moment with peso pluma at Coachella where I was like on so many mushrooms that it felt Like I was getting sacrificed. And then I looked back at the videos and it was just like a normal set. Oh no, That's exactly what happened. But because there's like fire shooting out of cannons and shit and then he's going like B, Other people sweat on your shoulders, like just whole nine. Yeah. So I'm like on my mushrooms, I'm looking around, I'm like, oh my God, I'm getting sacrificed. And Bunny comes up to the table and she goes, guys come with me link arms right now. We're going. I'm like, what? We're just going into the crowd like this seems dangerous and fucking terrifying and awful. I love a bitch named Bunny. She me too. Oh Tana, you would eat her up. So she goes, guys, come on. So she has her security. Mind you, she's like five two, just like the baddest bitch you've ever seen in your life.


She's like petite Polly Pocket. And she just goes, guys, come on. We link arms, we are plowing through the section like just fucking bodying people throwing elbows, Plowing. I five two Boys with the Big Bodyguard is also everything. And mind you too, it's like Playboy, Cardi, all these people are fucking jumping and raging and going crazy. We're getting beat around. It was nuts. M environments horrifying me. Yeah, I was terrified. Like I was getting stepped on basically. But I think we're going into the crowd, she takes us to this like fenced off gate and she goes, come on, security unlocks the gate. Like opens, it brings us through. We are now backstage at Playboy carding Stop. Who did you see telling me the characters? I'm Not fucking joking. So we're walking through and everything's happening so fast. I'm like trying to like look around and take in everything.


But we saw Sexy Red, she was backstage. Ah, I know. And you know, Ari was like foaming at the mouth. Oh, Oh my God. I didn't even think about the fact that Ari tripping. She's like, and then we saw Barney, I'm Dora and Boots. Mr. Peanut was there. No, I wasn't tripping, but Like I definitely felt a little something. Emotions and feelings and senses were heightened, but we're walking through and like backstage and this and that. They take us right in front of the stage. Like I it, I could see Playboy card's, pores, Wow. Everything Though. And they lead us through the crowd. I mean I guess it was like barricaded, but we're still like linked up. Everything's happening so fucking fast. We are going through barricades, like through the crowd bobbing and weaving and we get to the artist section, which is like his people, which was nuts.


Who Are his people? So now we're in that section and we're just fucking going crazy. We are dancing, we're having a good time. I'm getting whipped around. And then I hear, Wow. Jennifer Coolidge. Oh, I was thinking Jennifer Coolidge too. No, I wish it was Owen Wilson Gagged, but I'm not, I was gagged. I'm sorry. I, yeah, no, I would do anything to see Jennifer Coolidge. I playboy Cardi. I would literally give Off a finger on orifice a limb. I know. That's Like, I Think she would be there too for some reason. I know, I know. It's so her I'm like, it's so her element at all. I just love Jennifer Coolidge in an element that's like, it's like a juxtaposition, you know?


Yes. But anyways, okay, Owen Wilson. So I'm not joking, I just hear Wow. And I stop dead in my tracks And I go, what? I turn over my shoulder. He's sitting there with his cowboy hat on. He has like three kids with him. I'm like, what the fuck is he Going on My favorite nose in history of human existence. I, oh, it sucks because Like I love him And I love his character so much. But ever since I found out about the deadbeat dad thing, I'm Like, I can't be into him. What is He a deadbeat dad? Yes. Why was he at Playboy Cardio with three of his kids done? Because he, he to probably make up for Christmas. Yeah. No, no, I'm kidding. I don't know. No, He has a, he had a baby with a poker girl. I told you guys this story on the podcast before. What? He had a baby with a poker girl. He like plays in the games and he like, but like basically she was just like a girl I guess at one of the events.


They maybe like dated for a second, but she had a baby and he will not claim the baby. He, I, it said that he pays like $70,000 a month in child support, which sleigh but has never met the child will not go near the child. Like the, the kid apparently looks exactly like him. She's a little girl. That's Ben. These men do this. Ben Simmons, Blake Griffin, Blake Griffin. Oh my God. I just almost caught a lawsuit. Sorry, Ben Simmons. Like literally, I'm sorry Ben Simmons. But it's so sad and Like I, I don't, I'm not a hundred percent sure on all the details, but like that's like you're right. Yeah. It's Three children to three separate mothers and he's happy being the father to the first two girls. Oh.


And she looks just like Emma her. Oh see Yeah. There was no daughter there. No daughter at Playboy card. Well she's a baby. She's like four or something. She's like, She's like stormy at Astral World. Yeah. Oh my God, that's, oh wow. Well Paige's crazy. Well like such A bummer because Yeah, no, keep going. Sorry that Like, I didn't mean to ruin your story, but No, I mean Owen Wilson's still an icon, but he plays all these like amazing father figures and like just like such a, it's Truly just not to always bring it back to our guy. But that's why I love Adam Sandler. Yeah. Like playing that guy, but then also being that guy And I guess theoretically you don't have to, you're just acting, you know. But like that's disheartening to know that It's a bummer. Like if you found out like that Matthew McConaughey was like a shitty guy. Yeah, I would hate that. Like there's certain men that just like Vince Vaughn.


Oh, Vince Vaughn is so hot. He's one of my like OGs. Yeah, I know. What a letdown. Yeah, That's why it's like MCC To see him. It doesn't matter. It's still iconic to See him on at Playboy card he's going, I'm like, what The fuck? That's a, I would be tripping dude. No mushrooms too. Like just like So I'm still shrooming. Well Shrooming is crazy. I'm still on shrooms. No, you Could take it off silos that you see. God, one time I was at Billy Eilish And I was Like, I am ocean eyes. I was on like 30 silos. No, I'm not joking. I thought it was Travis Scott for a second. So like whatever, we're still in the artist section. Bunny's like, okay, come on. Like let's go to my house. I go, what? And she's Like, I have like a little house here.


It's like no big deal. Like on site at rolling loud. So Where is rolling loud? Inglewood. So near SoFi Stadium. Okay. Like right near there. And she goes, come on. So we go back through the crowd. Playboy card brings out the weekend also like they do the song timeless. It was nuts. I'm not joking like I'm mushrooms, I'm la Tedros, but we're going through like the barricades, blah blah blah. And mind you, in the beginning I was Like, I feel like this is sacrilegious. I feel like I'm gonna get sacrificed. We're going through the barricades and all of a sudden I look down and there's this man who's like stiff as a board. Like literally getting like carried out on a stretcher. I'm like, oh no, Jesus. So now my shrooms, I'm like, oh, I'm dying. Like I'm absolutely dying. Like what Is crazy though? Like it's, I would go in my little X days and it checks out.


They Had to pause the show like three different times to be like, everyone take a fucking step back. Yeah. Because people get pressed up against the barricades, like actually packed in like fucking sardines and people can't move. People can't fucking breathe. It's so terrifying. So it is, they had to pause the show three separate times. But I Just love things for girls and gay people. Like I just, people just feel lighter. It just feels, you know? Yeah. Like I said, it's the Rick Owens boys. Yeah. The Rick Owen Owens boys who have like the dying rose emoji in their bio. So yeah. But yeah, and then Bunny like brought us backstage to her trailer and we were all just in there like, and she was like, yeah there's gonna be like a little after party here. Like you guys should stick around. And I'm like, wait, is play work? Are you gonna go?


Did He, I didn't stay. What's worse Rick Owen's bat emoji bio son or frat? Sun Frat. Sun Frat, sun frat. Sun frat sun. I just saw one of my friends taking all of her sons to rolling loud and she, her like 8-year-old was wearing a big ass hoodie that said like whole lot of coughs are up. And I was like, oh my God, if this is my kid, Frat sun is just scary because it's like, are they gonna roofie someone? Mm. You know, like it's just Like I have nothing to say to you Brad from Kappa Sigma Kai or whatever the Fuck. Right? Yeah, that's true. And I lived it and that's like the first half of my body count, honestly. They're just like, They're just Like, I Only know because Tanana just made me go through it. We Should pie chart. Our body counts.


I don't wanna, well you mean Pie chart. What kind of pie chart would you make? Like just Like a pie chart. I was thinking Venn diagram. I go hmm, That could also, there's some crossover for sure. Brooke, I wanna ask you about something. Okay, so the other day going through my TikTok and one of Bebe's tiktoks comes on my for you page. And obviously I'm watching it. It's the two of you being as cute as ever. I just love the BB and Brooke edits by the way. Just you guys are my favorite. And so I'm watching and then you guys are going to catch and now I'm like, I'm locked in for the lore. BB and Brooke at Catch. Like this is, you know what I mean? This is our Former workplace. Yeah. It's like me in Vegas. I dunno how to explain it. It's just you guys are in one of your elements and then you start telling this story about how Kylie Jenner was at catch.


And then I walked into catch and then you seat me by Kylie Jenner And I go And I sit And I talk to her and I'm watching this TikTok. And at first I'm Like, I literally don't remember this at all. And then all of a sudden I do remember the one flash, like you were sitting at the bird cage table and you were talking about how that's where Kylie was sitting. And I like remember it slightly. What Happened? I'm so confused because like I'm pretty sure even the viewers right now will be like, Tana, you've literally told that story before. Like we, this is something we talk about. If I feel like all the time maybe 'cause Ari, that was my first time ever meeting Ari. It was like you and a group. And I remember I sat or Kylie sat at 3 0 1 And I sat you guys at three 20, which is like actually just literally like as far as the camera.


And I was Like, I did it on purpose. And I texted beforehand, I was like, Hey set is seating you guys at the table next to Kylie. He, he, he, which poor Kylie's probably never gonna go back there, but I don't work there anymore. You sat there, she called you over. I think you just like said hi or something. I remember sitting with her. But I guess what it is is that now, especially that I'm sober, I look back at my Rolodex of interactions with Kylie and they make me want to die because I wanna say that Tina has met Kylie four times and Tana has met Kylie one time. No and it's like, she always has been so nice to like talk to me, but it's like, what did I say? Is it like charity work?


Kind of talking like that's nice sweetie. 100% duh obviously. But it's Like I just, there's this one time where I Like, I have like four flashes of it, but we're both at a Sophia Richie event and then they put everyone who was like invited to the event at like two tables at a club. I don't remember which club. I think it was like Bootsy Bellows and Tyler Lambert had styled me. And I'm wearing this big blue blazer with shoulder pads. Like I look like Doug di dome and biker shorts and then like a big silver cowboy belt around the blazer. I remember I see this image in my head right now, by the way. Yes. And then Like I was talking to her for like 30 minutes And I, oh I idea what I said like the first time we ever met two, we were both walking into Coachella, like artists.


And I go over And I take a photo And I remember Brad Sosa had asked Travis Scott for a selfie and he said no. And then Kylie said yes to me. So I was like gagged. And then we walked in talking, but I was shit based like by the time arriving even to Coachella. And I like just don't remember it at all. And I don't know, it just makes me wanna die. Like what has Tina said to Kylie Jenner? But We just saw her, we just saw her at SSA's birthday and she was so like, she was like so sweet and like wanted to talk to, I feel like a lot. I think that that that's the only interaction I claim. 'cause I remember it all. I'll never, my favorite part of that interaction that I just love, I was telling Amari about it the other day 'cause I was talking about how, I don't remember all of these like 35 minute conversations I've had with Kylie Jenner, which is enough to make a grown woman kill herself.


And I was saying that we were talking with Carter B and Victoria And I said like yada yada gives me so much anxiety. And Kylie goes, what's that? Like? I'll never forget it, Like I said, But like blank gives Me so much anxiety and Kylie dead ass goes, what is that? And then I had to explain anxiety to her and then she was like, she Just never experienced it. She's like, oh, okay. No, I swear to God I explained anxiety to her and she just goes, oh, like as if she learned a new term. I just feel Like how could she ever regret an interaction? It's like, you're welcome. Seriously. I guess that's so true. She could pull down her pants and shit on the floor in the middle of a club and it would be like, woo-hoo. I think crowd's going wild. So true. It's so true. Dude. Did I ever tell you about my catch story with Kylie?


No. Tell now. Oh my gosh. Sorry. I'm like all these tangents. No, I love a tangent. Okay, so this was like when I first moved to LA and my roommate was talking to a basketball player for the sons at the time. Kendall, is it one I just apologized to? Oh, Ben Simmons? No, no, no, no. Okay. So and at the time Kendall Jenner is dating Devin Booker. So the guy that she's talking to invites us to go to like a basketball game here at wherever the fuck they played, whatever center. And we go, we're watching the game, we Dr like we're driving home back to our apartment and he calls her and he is like, Hey, come to catch right now. And she is like, honestly, we're almost home. Like we're tired, blah blah blah.


And he is like, no, just like come like it's chill. We have like a room rented out, blah blah blah. It's cool. And she's like, Ugh. I don't know. Like we'll have to think about it. We fully get back to the apartment, we're like debating for 20 minutes if we even go and we're like looking online and we're like, catch closes in 20 minutes. Like we're not even gonna be able to order food. Like what the fuck is this guy saying? Sounds So good right now. Sounds Insane. The hell roll. What is it? So Hell fire. Ugh. Yes. What I caused for Kylie that day. That was really funny. So then he's, he's like calling her again. He's like, just come, just fucking come. I'll order you a car. Get your ass here. And she's like, fine, fine. So we submit please. And we get to catch, we pull up, there's no one in there.


We walk into the restaurant, it's empty, it's closed. So now we're like catch after hours and we get escorted up to the top floor or wherever the fuck, there's like a private room. We walk in and I'm not joking, we get into this room, there's a table full of Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott, Justin Bieber, Hailey Bieber, Kim Kardashian, and then Like I, I think like Chloe might have been there or Like, I don't know, some other Kardashian. Oh, Kendall was there obviously. 'cause Devin Booker. So it was the whole son's basketball team and the Kardashians. Bieber. Bieber. We gotta talk about Hailey too. Oh yeah, we Gotta get into that. But I'm not joking.


And mind you like I'm fresh as fuck to la I was shitting my draws, shitting my, How do you even like just sit there Like I, no, and Tina would've been fucking doing a toast. Tina would've been singing like P Mia. That fucking, Oh my God. Isn't that interesting? Catch Used to be so crazy though. Like you worked there in the perfect time where it was just like the most insane celebrity hotspot. Like I, it Was, it was so exciting. I think that's why I love that job so much. Just because Like I was new to LA and like the excitement of going in and like, like you get a like a report at the beginning of every shift like of all the important people who are coming. So you'd go in and it'd be like, okay, Justin, Kylie, Hailey, like all these people are coming tonight and you'd like the whole night be like, when's he coming?


So exciting. It's so crazy. So we walk in and like there's a whole long table, like a big table just full of the Kardashians and Hailey Bieber, Justin Bieber, like whatever. And then I'm sat at a table like adjacent to it, but it's like a smaller table. So it's me, my roommate, and then the guy that she's talking to from the team and like a few other people. And we're sitting there minding our business and by minding our business, I mean like shaking in my fucking boots, Dropping galore, I would become Horton. Here's a who to see what Bieber was talking about. Bitch, I'm not kidding. I had like a Dixie cup with a string, but I'm shaking. I'm like spilling my drink. I'm like, and no, 'cause that feels like a biblical painting almost.


It is a like it's one thing when it's like, yeah, when it, that's the, We are so, we are so lust. We're like biblical painting and it's just like Justin and Kim Kardashian at a table. Like we have To grow up. It's it's it's it not being one of them. It's like it being Kim and fucking Kylie and Kendall and Justin and Hailey and like it's like, it felt like Some Greek mythology shit. Yeah. Met Gala or something. So I'm sitting at this table and then all of a sudden Devin Booker comes up and Kendall comes up and they sit and Devon sits and she sits on his lap and she's sitting right next to me. I couldn't even look up, I couldn't even make eye contact. She is you. I would just a apologize off rip. No, I'm not joking. I'm just like straight. I'm just looking straight ahead And I couldn't even like look over. I'm like, and she's like, guys like let's take a shot.


I'm like, oh my God. So they pour us around a shot. So we all take a shot. I took a shot with Kendall Jenner, it's fine. I was on cloud fucking 20, I was on cloud 20. And then they're like, okay after here, like after this dinner we're all gonna go to Bootsy Bellows. I'm like, fuck yes, get in the car. LA used to be so fun. It was dude, it was so fucking fun. And Like I wouldn't believe me either. This all sounds fucking fabricated now it's In the bleep, both of those names. So we all roll out, we, we have like 10 black cars just lined up. We all file out of like the back entrance. We get in these cars and we drive to Bootsy and we're staked out there for like 15 minutes.


Like while we wait and someone like goes into a ces, the tables and the vibe and whatever. So we're in this car and I'm like shaking. I'm like rocking back and forth. I'm like oh my God, did Justin go? Justin went. So now we all shuffle into Bootsy. It's Kendall, me, my roommate, the son's basketball team, Justin Bieber and Hailey fucking Bieber. What does he do in the club? So this is a great segue into the Selena Hailey combo because I'm not joking. Kendall was up, she was like dancing, she was being fun of course didn't talk to her, didn't utter a word because I was so intimidated. But I look over and Justin and Hailey are sitting next to each other like in a booth by themselves not speaking a word. When I tell you they're like this Ever, every time I have ever seen them in person, like they do, I mean obviously they talk, I'm like, do they?


I feel Like I see them talk And I dunno these people. So it's Like I just really need to like be heavy on that. I just wanna say obviously when we're talking about the Hailey, Selena, Justin of it all, we're we're talking about this documentary, right? Yeah. It's the YouTube video. I think it was like it's an old YouTube video but now it's been made into a seven part TikTok series. Seven D part. Oh yeah. 70. I mean it's, I've been seeing so many parts. Maybe there's Like I think's seven parts. Yeah, there's so, so much fucking discourse Around that. It's crazy because somebody who hates Hailey Bieber woke up and opened up Final Cut Pro and took the time.


But I would sue them so hard. So Amber, her style, I would be the Hailey Beaver, the outfits, the I Blazer, Doug Di Dome style. I would be in court, I would be fucking furious. But dude, the shit I'm seeing, I'm not joking. This could be like the script for a horror movie. It's giving like misery with Kathy Bates. I'm not kidding. Like I call Her. There is a possibility that I'm not seeing the same things that you guys are because this, this story or like the whole concept like Recirculates like often I Agree And I have no doubt in my mind that Hailey was a fan and like she would show up where Justin is. But like to me that's not like the craziest thing in the world because like that's what fans do. That's not the craziest thing in the world.


The craziest thing in the world is her copying Selena and wanting to like wear Her skin. Yeah. Okay. So I Agree with that. But then, but then also like another problem that I have is like all the time when people will say that, they'll show me like, Hailey wore pink or like Selena wore pink, Hailey wore pink. I Agree with that. I will say that the tattoos, The tattoos I think is weird. Tattoos crazy made me Feel something that I haven't felt towards all of this. Like especially the initial behind the ear and like the, And I mean the J on the ring finger, it's like you're marrying the man, duh. The initial behind the ear. The cooking show. Yeah. Yep. I was gonna say the cooking show was The inter is bar for bar. Yep. The interviews that she does, like the Interviews. To me, I feel like you could do that with any two people maybe, But it is very like there are Me Too are a lot of parallels.


The Cooking show in the tattoos gave me more so Gone Girl vibes than anything else. Like where I was like, damn. But the cooking show, they just saw the show, the clip where they're like, yes, this is my real kitchen. No, my grandma grandma, The grandma's in there cooking with them. She's putting the the pan into the oven and she goes, Okie. Here's The thing as well. When you have, When, when you Have the ops that are also famous, okay, no matter what people wanna say, in my opinion, you are aware of what your famous ops are doing. If they're in their big things coming eras, right? Like if tomorrow Alyssa Violet did something, she's, Is that your main That's the, that's the off the top Op.


That's my off the top op Red Fish, blue Fish, one Fish, two Fish. My off the top op is Alyssa Violet. And it's like if tomorrow she did some big shit, if she was backing her me and Rice in a house with like eight floors pulling up that top era, I would know about it And I would refrain from identically doing it. Yeah. And in my opinion it's, it's not deniable for Haley to be Like, I didn't know Selena had these tattoos or I didn't know she if, no, I'm not a Denier by any means, but I think a like more than half of it is a stretch, but then the other half is like, oh shit. And it's like, even if she's not aware of it, if tomorrow, like for example as well, like her cooking show, it's not like she set up a G seven X on a tripod in the kitchen.


There's 97 people producing it. Even her in my bathroom show, it's not her bathroom, it's a set. There's 90 people working on it, yada yada. If tomorrow I was like, Devin, I want to, I'm trying to think of something that my ops do, but you know what I mean? If ops do, Like if I Want to go on TikTok live and get galaxies, Start beef with bad baby. Yeah. If tomorrow I wanted to have a bust down wig and get ready for nothing in my room every day as content, someone might, you know, alert me that someone that I have beef with is also doing that. I don't know how to explain that. It's just like, dude, And also just Maybe I'm wrong And I love Hailey Bieber, dude that I know.


That's the issue that I have here too is like, oh fuck it with her. I Love, love it. I saw a comment too that was like, if a man was doing this to a woman, if the roles were reversed, everyone would be like, this man is a fucking creep. Because also there's, there's literal proof of her DMing like a fan account, like a Justin Bieber fan account. It's The only Dana in LA we actually know the girl well. Which Is crazy. Which is crazy. But DMing this girl being like, where's he staying? What hotel is he at? Getting a room at the hotel or like going to dinner in the hotel plotting and waiting for this man to like just interact. I Agree that that's weird, but I don't doubt that you would do it for Timothy Sheme And I would do it for Adam Sandler. No, I think that I wouldn't do that for someone because everyone would be like, put Tana Mongeau behind bars.


Yes. But I think that if I was in the position to do what Hailey did, like if I, if I knew Justin maybe thought I was cute or I'd hooked up with him before, like did she just final boss? It, That's my takeaway. And like I'm, I'm not denying, I think it's like for sure accurate And I think it's like cr a crazy story. But I also like is it just like the most, the biggest success story we've ever seen. But also I saw someone like in the TikTok comments being like, also you have to think about and consider like this is just what we know and what we've seen. So it's like how much was she doing behind the scenes, like stalking this man trying to be like Selena damning fan accounts. It's Wild. But I guess my takeaway is that she final bossed, it's not like it didn't work.


It would be, it would be one thing if it didn't work. I Think she got the man, but at what cost? And I will say that like so much of the things that she gets hate for are like, not her. Like for example, how he was with Selena like very close prior to when they like his final breakup with Selena date wise. Yeah. Then being very close to when her and him got engaged or married or whatever. Like, and yeah. What's she gonna do? Say no, I Know truthfully like we'll never know the intricacies of both of their relationships and the overlaps and the timelines. So maybe like that has nothing to do with anything and we don't know the truth. This is all just like whatever the fuck we see in an intake online. But from what I've seen, Haley Beaver is also like a little weird.


Hailey Beaver is so much better than so many people in the regard that if that if this was happening about me, I would have a crash out. That would be in history books. No. Like I would, we would need, I would need witness protection program. No, what that Like I would come online and just start airing. But everybody, But that's the thing, it's like can she air anyone out or is she afraid of being aired out? Think about the Shit she probably, I about Selena, I'm gathering that you're a Hailey Bieber hater. That's what I'm gathering from this. Not a hater, but Like I like Selena more And I don't think there should because I don't think we to choose, but I think that it's like, imagine the t Hailey Bieber has on Selena. Like I was like, if like if I were in her position, I would be like, if I'm going down, I think, Do you ever like, but something will happen to you.


Or even like on the smallest scale when like there's a narrative about you and like it, the people could not be more wrong, but it's like, yes, it appears one way and it is not that way. Right? So if she's smart, she's gonna go on Patreon release like a 10 part series, but I That wall or just Like, I don't know. I would have to get in on it somehow. Like I would, I, you know, I don't know what it's like ba for Halloween from PLL Make the next Road Lip Color stalker. Sexy Suave Mos. Did you also see her though? Like when Selena had her album release party at a restaurant in la Like he showed she To the restaurant. It's just kind of, I don't know, it's just weird girl behavior. We will never ever know because I'm trying, I'm even just thinking about like threads about us, for example.


Right. That's What I was just saying. When I Look at our threads, if we were to go read all of the things about us, I would say that 35% of the things are true. Yeah. Right. And so I'm sure that with this Hailey, Justin, Selena situation on like a way bigger scale that only like maybe 50% of this all is true. Like maybe she really was just at that restaurant. I mean, we're just talking about the fact that even in LA there was a time where it was only five restaurants, right? That every celebrity went to, whether it was Craig's or Catch or whatever. Like a lot of these could, the dms to the fan account do solidify them. That's The only thing that I'm, where I'm like, oh shit, I can't keep doing. And the tattoos in the cooking show to me, I'm just like, damn, we don't Where was the oversight? Where was the production?


Where It gets me when there's things that are like, like that's a totally normal thing to say. Like we're comparing Okie dokey. Yeah. Like, no, no, I'm saying tattoos and I'm saying gr nana in the kitchen. But Like, they both have a grandma who cooks. Like we all have grandmas who cook. I'm Like, I don't, But mine doesn't either. But you know what I mean? Like though it's not like she said her grandma fucking like break dances. She said, my grandma Cooks. So obviously we have some divide, But you know what I mean? Like I, it's not, I'm not even saying like one side or the other. I just feel like there is like a level to it where it's like you, everyone's reaching like a little bit too far. Like there's no doubt in my mind that like she was a fan first and like, to me it's like, okay, maybe that's creepy, but I personally am like, damn, Like I nailed it.


Don't think that's worked. Final Boss, that's fan final boss. You d you finished the task. Yeah, She did. She hit Sumit and post on the wat pad. You know, like she, She locked in her answer and we all have to suffer. You know, they've got Jack blues, he's going to the road pop up with her Selenas, with Benny Blanco. People are up in arms arguably about nothing. I know, but now Justin's going through it. Yeah. I can't even pretend that's real And I know it may be real. I just love him so much. So para socially, I don't help at all. I just, whatever. I love him more than anything. And genuinely, like Hailey and Selena aside, I I really hope he's okay And I hope he's safe And I hope he is doing well. Like Genuinely after.


And his just, just like whole life story. Like he was robbed of so fucking much while all he was trying to do it still to this day was give his gift to the world. And so overanalyzed And I can't imagine trying to deal with any of that and even be a normal person. And I'm sure and it's just like, it does suck for Haley as well. Like, I, I understand. Yes. Like she might have done some crazy shit. She obviously loves this man like so much. And again, we just don't know. Yeah, we don't know that. Like, and we even hear things through the grapevine about all of these people in LA or people who, Like, I know so many people who are one person away from all of these people And I've heard so much tea that I could try to also put together and figure it out, but at the end of the day, like we don't know these people.


Yeah. Reality. And even if we did, we're not them. Like it's, you know, it's The reality of the situation is like we're we'll never fucking know unless we're Like, I just In it And I can't, I can't believe it just keeps fucking resurfacing. Like, is it gonna resurface a hundred times before we die? And I just, exact same thing happened. Like, I wanna say exactly a year ago it feels like, and when it, like all of a sudden she just like, something happened or like something with road where it was like, oh my God, she's like the most desirable, amazing person ever. And I was like, wow, that was quick. Like I love that, But I just Like, I really, I can't even express it enough. I, if I were, I always in these situations try to think like what I would do if I were in the position of the accused and like, would I would have to crash out of a fucking millennium.


No, this one's hard. I'll say like this one, I think this one like is close to home to me because Like I just am permanently embarrassed. Like just by everything. Always. And this feels like the most embarrassing thing to be get exposed for like ever. You know, I mean Sc but I mean That's, she's such a defender. Like I'm literally getting red thinking about it. Like yeah, Like, yeah, no, Honestly, there's two, her digital footprint is so crazy. No. And I would have to go online and make like a 50 part series being like, this is why I'm innocent and I'm not crazy and Weird. If I was Hailey Bieber, I would actually wait till Justin was like in the kitchen And I would just go live and then I would just be live for 10 and a half hours. Like just, I'm not even kidding.


I, because it's like, what do you do or say? And it's so, I, I've always said this, but I find it so wild that the celebrity culture and media and pr that the answer is to just never address. And maybe that is why celebrities remain celebrity and there is a, an awesome rule to the 1% and to being above it all and to never addressing just as someone who can't and won't and never has. Even lately in life, I've been trying to pick and choose the things I address because I'm trying to enter this new era where I pick and choose the things that I address and give energy to because Like I know my truth and sometimes I can look back in the past and there's a lot of things that I crashed out over or addressed online.


And looking back it was Like I sank to that low energy. I didn't need to do all that. I, I know who I am and I'm secure in that. I know my truth. Like I think there is a power to being Like, I told my truth and my truth is my truth and my truth is my truth and my truth is my truth. Yeah. And also I guess if she did go online and made a whole fucking 50 part series, there's like all the discourse around it, it is just like attracting more attention and views and energy towards it. So maybe she just wants to like let the dust settle completely and just ignore it until It's like the, the Brad, Angelina, Jennifer timeline. Like there's, it is the one of our decade and obviously everyone who's invested in this would do anything for Benny, Selena, Hailey and Justin to sit around Jada Pink's fucking table and just talk it out and you know, but like why it's their own lives.


And I just wish I knew, I wish I knew, knew, you know what I mean? Like I'm just inferring It is hard. Yeah. And I like fight demons. 'cause who I am innately is to just be honest and fucking say what's on my mind and speak about everything and whatever. Like, I hate seeing comments about like, talk about this and knowing that I'm not, 'cause it's not who I am, but I think I it's a part of growth. Yeah. And just I Agree. Deciding what to give your energy to. Especially when like something is just so not worth it, you Know? And I feel like the more you do address things and try to resolve every issue, even if it is something, as small as you talk with your hands too much, then it's like you're just gonna be so hyper-focused on people commenting on everything that you fucking do and say and the way you act. And it's like the more you do that, you're gonna send yourself into a fucking spiral and you're gonna become So obsessed and just can of worms obsessed with that.


Each new thing opens a new can of worms and sometimes it's like, why you're gonna Dress the way that you fucking blink and chew and talk and walk. It's like you can't, you've, you just can't. My Feet are big dude. And I have a blinking Problem. Humor, dude, Harry Josie's dating Lucy Hale. What the Fuck? What a blunt rotation. I saw that It's like a, like, it was like an official announcement, like, like a press release. I believe that. Well, I believe it 'cause I saw her in the elevator. I need to know like how the fuck the two of them met. What they even talk about, how this even happened. Yeah, That's like the, the really underlying question. He is like, well how did they come to be? Not that they'd be a bad couple, but I, I mean I don't know her, but I guess it starts a conversation of, you know, can men change and whatever.


And I don't wanna sound at all like, Like I understand how many people are angry about the things that Harry Jy has done and like with women and like whatever. Like I'm not like negating how people feel or anything. Just as someone who has like spent a decent amount of time with him. It's not like he walks into a house guns a blaze and he's like, I'm gonna play women. And like he doesn't present as a bad person. Like he's very sweet and very funny and like fun and Like I guess all the people just being, how could this happen? Like, I don't know, he is seven feet tall And Just like, and has an Australian accent charisma. All The people being Like, I can't believe people are still dating him. Are the same people. Like have you never been played by like a guy who was seemingly amazing?


You know? I Have. It's like Not even amazing too. Like that's the worst part, But like Really garbage. He's funny, he's smart. Like I don't, again, I'm not trying to go like full apologist, but I'm just saying I could totally see how he could like win over Lucy Hale, but I wonder how this is gonna go. Maybe It's gonna be like really shock us. Maybe she's really gonna change him Again. He's very funny. That makes me feel like she has like a crazy sense of humor now. Which is like cool to know about Lucy Hale. She's always been my favorite. I love her. It's just so wild. It's Like, I don't even know how to explain It. It just feels like an unlikely duo. I don't think it's like a bad couple or anything. It just feels like, it's like, wait, where'd you go? Like how do you guys know each other? Just Shocked. It's like you Dated the Rock. She dated somebody else. Wait, she dated, I think she dated Matt Rife.


What? Lucy Hill dated Matt Rife? Yeah. I think she dated Matt Rice. Oh, this needs to be a way bigger part of the conversation. No, Actually I do think she dated. Wait, let me, let me fact check What? Fuck. Let me fact check this. Didn't Matt Rife also date Kate Beckinsale? Yes. Right. Both Loosely. Oh my God. Her Like I A guy saying, What am I talking about? Yeah, that's wild. That's just, it's so wild. The crossover of LA Like we both dated a guy who dated Kate Beckinsale. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? That was humbling to go from Kate Beckinsale to me bad on him. I don't Even know who Kate Beckinsale Is. Really? No, You would know her if you saw her. I also confuse her with the Spice Girl. What's the one I, Victoria Beckham?


Beck and Sale Beckham. Oh yeah. That's crazy. Wait, Lucy Hale, I guess like Matt Rife and Harry jy are like Cut from the same cloth. Yeah. I think Matt Rife's way worse, But like frat what you're saying. No, you wouldn't though. Like you, because we know like you, I guess that's, sure. I have a very different perception of Harry jy. Yeah. But Matt Rife has the same, like, you meet him like he's charismatic. Like your mom would love him vibes, but probably 'cause he wants to fuck your mom. Ooh. I don't know. I felt victims to like everybody in the conversation, so. Yeah, because funny, gimme a guy who can like make me laugh and use one good SAT word. I'm folding every time. Yeah, I guess that's so true. Landon Barker's going on tour with the Fray. I Just, You're lying him the other night at Tenants is He's Everywhere.


He's everywhere. He's everything everywhere at once. Do you think he like brought a resurgence to that song? Yes. 100%. I think that a lot of the comments I see on that song and videos of that song are like this youngest, newest generation being like put onto the song because of it. Which is so crazy. I'm like the the phrase biggest fan. I like can't imagine a world where like, do You think he's gonna be on stage going like this? It's so funny because Kyla And I got tickets to the tour before they announced Landon Barker and now I'm gonna be like sitting there like, like what, what actually, like do they build a bathroom set and then he comes out Like I know he like kind of makes music Landon, but it's Like, I know. I Remember when he did Coachella. What Landon Barker did. Coachella What like performed at Coachella?


What? What with machine gun. Kelly Lauren. L-O-R-E-N. Lauren's special guest at Coachella. Lauren gr. I kind of like that he's carrying it home for the family right now though. Like I will say like landed Barker and the Fray on tour and the Fray is smart for that because Wholesome than the Fray. Yeah. And he's like, leave me out of this. It was Taking me, it was taking everything in me to not like go up to him and ask like, where's Alabama? What's she doing? Like hundred Percent. Hello? She's at her vanity. What do you mean? Where's the Alabama? And I wanna be so real Like, like is she okay though? Like is she breathing? Does she have a pulse? Everything I've known about Landon, like it's not like I've ever been really personally close with Landon, but I have been close with a lot of people who are personally close with Landon. So we'd be in the same proximity a lot.


And I genuinely feel like him and Alabama like operate in their own completely different worlds. You know? I mean I don't really protective of her though. That's true. That's true. It's funny, I was with someone the other day that was like gonna go to Landon. Then he was like, you know, Tana can't come 'cause you know, And I was like, you're real for that. Yeah. Like, it's not like him And I ever had personal beef, but like keep it all in The family. No, he came up to us at SAS's birthday and he was like, seriously? Wait, did call you now? I don't remember my own life. What Do you mean? You said you like said something to him too and you were like, oh, well I didn't even, I didn't mean to be, oh No. And then we had a nice conversation. Yeah. Oh my. I always Was like, seriously Janna? And you were like, oh, sorry. No, exactly. And it's, it's always the thing that I do too, where I think someone's gonna go way harder than they do.


Like he came up on some seriously Tana, And I was Like, I stand on it. I don't know, I stand on it. And then he was like, ah, it's fine. And I was like, oh, Like I always will like come in so hot to someone because I think they're right. No, he was super nice. But Who did I just do that to where I like thought, oh, Nick vile. Ooh. Yeah, no, no, that's not what happened. Jojo. I'm just making shit up So many people. I'm like, Jojo Alabama. No, it's fine. You guys were about to head on over to the Patreon. We have some things to react to that are viral in the media and a few tangents and stories that are a little wild. But I just wanna say Thank you to everybody. Like the fact that we are about to leave on tour again, like just as Cancelled gets older and older, it feels like this community that has really stuck with us. And I just like cannot thank the people enough for really sticking with us.


And even in my life, just being able to tour in Australia or London or whatever like 10 fucking years later and bring my best friends and fucking kill it. And I'm just Like, I, I couldn't be more grateful And I couldn't be more excited. And it feels nice to be on the gray couch where it all began And I just, I love you guys And I love you guys. And we love you. I love you guys. Thank you for having me back on. It's been a fucking minute. It feels right though. We love you, you guys. We love you, love you. Come To the Patreon where I'm gonna say the word every four seconds so that it hopefully doesn't.