
Ah, what's your name again? Brooke. Brooke. And Tana. Tana T Tana. But you can call me Tana. Call us whatever you want. You can actually hit me with a bus. Okay. Okay. They were trying to find a parking spot for you outside, And I was like, I'll just lay down like it's, that's fine by me. Oh, cool. Be cool Chel. Yeah. Let me, Chelsea Handler. We're here finally. We're together. We're Together. Welcome to the Cancelled podcast. I can't wait to get Cancelled with you. I cannot. I'm exhausted, so I need a timeout anyway, you know. So we love a good time. I'm down. And the last time we were together, I didn't even know we were together. I, I had to hear about us being together on a plane ride to Vegas On Jet From Vegas. From Vegas.


Was it? From Vegas. Oh, okay. And then I was, I, I was receiving videos, crazy videos about this crazy girl Stan. And I was like, and they're like, yeah. They're like, she, this girl is freaking out about being on a plane with you. And I'm Like, I think I saw that woman. She called me Crying. I, I think I saw her in the Jet Suite terminal in Vegas. I had to walk out. I had To I saw you walk out. Yes, because I saw the look and that look was like, okay. And I could tell that you were one of me, like we were one unit. So I was like, oh. And then, and now here we are, finally re nace. I, how beautiful. We're so excited to have you. We're I can't Wait. Gonna throw up. Probably everyone kept telling me, you know, why didn't you say something to her?


You love this woman so much, why wouldn't you say something? And it's so parasocial to say, but I knew you didn't want that. I knew you did not want that. You don't wanna be, I feel like, am I wrong to say that you don't want someone to come up to you, especially of this sort leaving Vegas. I wouldn't say I don't want that. 'cause that's not really fair. Like, when I'm in a public place, I accept what's happening at dinner, sitting down at dinner with my family that I find annoying. Or if I'm in a public restroom, which seems to be a favorite thing to, of people to do, to follow you into a restroom and then take a picture by a stall. I Agree. I think that's ick. But Yeah, when I have a fan who really loves me, I will never reject you. You just seemed so in your zone.


I also know you're doing your Vegas residency And I feel like leaving Vegas is just a disgusting feeling. It's no matter, it's how much comfort you have JetSuite, all of it. Like that feeling. You just wanna be home in your own bed. And I was like, You think that's very sensitive and empathic for you to understand for all people who are leaving Vegas. I mean, I think, and anyone, it's defeating. Have you ever left Vegas in a great mood? Never. You know, I'm from there. I was born in Las Vegas. Oh, Well that explains a lot. Tana, everything. That's what her name is now. Tana. I told her, you can Manou. That's what I'm gonna call you. Tana Manja. I said, Mangano. And they said, no, Manja. And I'm like, man, Manjoo. It's like someone manjaro Smash their face on a keyboard.


Manjaro is everything actually. Yeah. Tana Manjaro. Tana Manjaro. Why not Tanya Manjaro Tan Tina. I've heard it all. I I don't, it's, I get that it's hard, you know? I hope I marry like a Smith. I, you know, I Hope. Well, I, that would be exciting. Are you gonna get married? I think so. It's, you always. I was, I'm talking to you Like I know you once again, I'm like, you always talk me out of it when we hang out and you're my best friend. It's like, you Just, it's so funny. I'll like, think I want kids for a second there. I didn't originally in the beginning of my life. And I have a, a very similar experience to you where I was born into morons or feeling like they were morons, at least at a very young age and like all of those things. And I didn't for a long time.


I don't know. And then every time I hear you talk about it, you just like, make me Backtrack. I just think you're never gonna regret. Well, actually, I can't speak for you obviously, but I think I can, I think you're never gonna regret feeling, having the sense of freedom that I feel on a daily basis. I think that any, like if you're ev on the fence at all about having children, then you probably shouldn't. Okay. But love that and respect that, because I feel like we were both born with parents who shouldn't have had children and chose to anyway. Yeah. And I wish they just had the better justice. My my parents too. Like, they just forgot. They were like, oh, I guess we'll just keep fucking, we already have five children. We can't afford it. We're even one of six. I'm one of six. So my parents just were like, never use birth control.


So it was also not really thinking things through. Luckily they, I they came out with a huge fucking winner, you know what I mean? I know. Well, after six, you'd hope so. Yeah, after six, the odds are one of them's gonna be a winner, and that winner is sitting right here. But none of them are real losers in my family. So we have that. My parents were, I got all parents. My dad was the biggest loser out of all of us. Do you think that you all came out so great because you saw him and it was Like, I don't want to be like that. Possibly could be the reason. I know that was a good, like, you know, setting an example, like setting a worse example is sometimes more effective than setting a good example because it really makes you understand that you don't want to behave that way. The way my dad had dealt with people was embarrassing.


Like he didn't, he didn't, how did you just think, sip that water again? Can you just sip that water again for Me? I sip that water. Like I've had 50 needles in my face in the last fucking one. Are you ready? Okay. Yeah. I wanna sit here, you know, now I'm like gonna perform Like I'm stuck, Dick. Well just do it naturally. Okay. Okay. Doing anything in front of you naturally is crazy. I can't, Okay. No, you cannot do that. You're sticking your tongue inside the bottle. Did you see what she just did? She did. Have you seen this Before? And unfortunately, Well, oh, this is what you're doing, Tana. This is what you're doing. I'm leading with tongue, which I, How can you drink like that? I Lead with tongue a lot in life. How Are you getting? And then you open the tongue out, you put the tongue back. Yeah, I kind, I kind of eat it out a little.


I do like Amy Winehouse. Did you in that closet? Did she eat me out in A closet? Was it a 12-year-old Amy Winehouse? Martha. Martha. Martha Mc Macintosh. I have to think of her fake name. I almost said her Written. Oh my gosh. Wait, I was wondering about that. I'm like, damn. Did Martha just catch aray? No. There's a girl in my book who went down on me. You guys. And her name is Martha Macintosh. For the purposes of the book, that's not a real name. That's not her real name. So don't get it twisted. If you know Martha McIntosh, she's not the one eating you. Do You always change names or just Martha? Only if They're eating me out. Okay. Typically, if they're the Most names, it's Most, yeah. 90% of people have to have their names changed because of going down on me. But yeah, you only change someone's name if they're a private person and you are telling an incriminating story about them.


If they're a public person like Andrew Cuomo or, you know, tell Cosby you can talk about them. Absolutely. How do you come up with Martha Macintosh? Is that where the LSD name D comes in? Like how are Yeah. LSD comes in hot. Yeah. Yeah, we, yeah. We need to talk about your LSD use because Yes, I saw a video of you because now I follow you. I'm sorry. And I know I, I'm enjoying everything. I enjoy seeing pictures of your ass every single day. You, I mean, I've ever seen somebody spend more time in snow that isn't skiing. Oh, Oh my God. Like, have you ever been on a set of skis Metaphorically? Maybe like with cocaine, you know, like those slopes? Yeah, yeah. No, yeah. I've been on those slopes as well. Yes. And you go into these ski environments and you just get naked. I hope this was inspired by me in some way. Okay, Thank you. Well, you Shaped me as the entire person.


I am. I Love it. I love it. But have you ever snowboarded or anything? I Would die Chelsea. I would do a You just love going into the snow? No, I Actually fucking hate the snow. It's all my boyfriend want. And I hate saying that to you, you know, but it's, It's okay. It is what it is. It's okay. You can hate the snow. I hate the snow. I didn't create snow. My boyfriend for his birthday wanted to go to the snow, so I, I obliged and then I decided that the only thing I can do there really is be a whore. It's, you know, they all went to hit the slopes and, And then you were just like, let's take pictures of me. Totally. I get it. I get it. It's a fun setting to take pictures of. It Is. It is. You started skiing like later, kind of in life, you said?


No, I mean, I've always skied, but I got really good late. Like when I, once I turned like 38, I was like, oh, I'm not fucking around. Okay. I'm gonna, I I had a boyfriend who left me on a mountain, and this is a story that I wrote about in my book, And I, he, we were skiing with the Kennedys at the Sundance Film Festival. That was my first date with this fucking asshole. And he left me on a double black diamond. And I was not equipped to ski down this. It wasn't, it wasn't even, it was like a cliff. Like you had to hop over a cliff on your skis, like jump into the mount. And I was like, no, I can't. So I took my skis off right before that jump and turned around and hiked up the mountain with two other people in the group who also got freaked out. Normally a person would've been on a first date like that with a guy and been like, oh, that's a huge red flag.


I dated him for another two years. No, you didn't. I just said, I just wanted to get better at Skiing after that. I love that it was to Spider-Man. It was, you know, But also what that taught me. Are you here with the ice? It's okay. Walk freely. Oh, Thank you so much. This is gonna be so much better with ice. Thank you. And why? I Thank you. Oscar wouldn't get ice for Chelsea handler. I Know. It's like my number. Ice and snow are the two, two things I care about the most. I should have imported snow. Here. I'll give you, let me, you wanna grab Here, I'll make your cup. No, You Don't make my, no, I'll make you a cup. I'm a really, this is all I can do. She's a homemaker. I'm a, yeah, I'm a homemaker. I'm a domesticity goddess. So I went skiing with these Kennedys And I was like, after that experience, I was Like, I will never ever get stuck like that again.


Like, I'm never gonna be in a situation. I hate when ice does this. Here, hold on a second. My Roommates just cuss me out for like, never using the ice scooper. Oh no, I don't use a scooper. I just, it's Like I have two wash My hands like the other day. You're fine. Oh, Trust me, if anyone is not worried, it's me. Okay, there you go. When I found out that you only wash certain spots in the shower, I've never felt so seen. I think anyone who's scrubbing their shins has too much free time. Yeah, I think that's a Yeah, I do too. I don't understand what people are washing And I don't understand the time that people are spending in showers. I couldn't agree more. What, What are you doing in there? Like, I mean, if you're not, if you're, I don't think your girls are jerking off in the shower, are They? I'm not. Put this in The cooler right here. Yeah. I mean, it's not really a cooler anymore, but That look nailed.


It looks beautiful This weekend. I was at my sister's birthday and there was a big thing of like a glass baking dish of pork caritas that my aunt had brought up and she was gonna make Chile chike or Chile chi, sheila, Chile chi Chi chiles Chiles and Chile chiclets. Okay. My orca batty. And Then I went in to go get some of it out to, she was putting it in the frying pan. And I guess I took the wrong like utensil, like it was a spatula And I should have grabbed a spoon or something. And just like carnitas just went all over like the edge of the pan everywhere, but the pan of course. And my family just looked at me and they said, just get out of here. Like get, stop Trying. Stop it. Like what happens when you touch food is so gross.


Like, you, you don't come in anywhere near the kitchen again. And I'm like, no fucking problem. Never. Yes, I do those things on purpose. Purpose. Never are you? It's like weaponized incompetence. And I do it everything exactly wrong. So no one wants me in there. Yeah. Weaponized incompetence. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's how, that's what I am.


The great rewards hunt is on. So join the adventure with Draft Kings Casino for fun seekers follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses and exclusive games. Plus new players can get their losses back up to $1,000 IN CASINO CREDITS on their first day. Just sign up with code Cancelled and start playing to get up to $1,000 IN CASINO CREDITS. Back with a minimum $5 net loss. Only on draft K's Casino. The Crown Is Yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please sway responsibly 21 plus physically present In Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Lossback for 24 hours, up to 1000 in non Withdrawable Casino Credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos. Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


I got banned from Friendsgiving last year 'cause I was making a green bean casserole with my hair. I was blacked out. But Is that the reason I'm like, that's That's Reason. This is why you're sober now. I saw that you were sober online this morning. Yes. You said something about she's, she may quit drinking or make whatever, but she's not gonna stop. You were promoting some product. I don't remember what it was. It was a Oh, I was promoting weed. Oh, okay. So yeah, you're so, you can smoke weed. I smoke weed. I can do everything else. Honestly, I just can't drink. It's funny, when I got to the Caitlin chapter of your book, I was Like, I am Caitlyn. You know what I mean? Oh, I see. I, this Is delicious by the way. I just wanna say that my owls grew is fucking delicious. I've never had the mint one on ice.


And this is delicious. It really is Fabulous. And I've never debated relapsing for a product until this. And as long as you can do other drugs, let's just stick with those. Yeah. You know what I mean? Nobody likes to sloppy drunk 100%. You know what I mean? And as long as you can enjoy other drugs, let's, I I get it. And I Love that. I feel Like I can do all of the other things. Yeah. But the alcohol for me, it's like, oh My god. No, it's good to know your strengths and weaknesses, especially when using drugs and alcohol. 100%. And You know, there's nothing, people who are hot messes when they drink, it's not fun to be around. And That's where I got to, you know what I mean? I was just Like, I can't keep being this person. Then everyone's like, oh my God, here she fucking goes again. You know? And I miss it. I can tell by your regular personality that if you added alcohol to that, it's a fucking forest fire.


Tasmanian devil. I'm ruining my life. I'm ruining everyone's life around me. And I held onto it for so long. There's Vegas in my blood. I was like born drunk, you know? But what Happens in Vegas during the school year? Like where, where are people up to there? It feels strange that people are like, from there or actually like, live There. Yes. By the age of five, I was like, why the fuck would anyone have children here? You know, it's, it is a place that's run on sex, drugs, alcohol, money, murder, all the things. Like, it's true. It it blows my mind. Yeah. It's like, it's when people are like, were you born in a casino? It's like, essentially, yeah. But it's So, it's so depressing. You know, like Vegas outside of like a casino. Like when you go outside and you go to restaurants or, or Like, I had a boyfriend, Joe Coy lived in Vegas, had a house in Vegas.


And I was Like, I I, I, he's like, we're gonna spend time. And I'm like, listen, I I'm not a tax evader. I don't need to live in Vegas. Okay. I think about it Often, the realest shit I've ever heard. I, it, it is depressing and it is dark. And I guess you learn to like Exist. You become one with the darkness. Yeah. And the chaos and whatnot. And I, yeah, I had to get out of there. I mean, I moved here like 10 years ago. Well, you had to move here to get Cancelled. 100%. You Get Cancelled in Vegas Because everyone's just Cancelled. Everyone just has nothing going from them there. What, What is your background with being Cancelled? Because I know your podcast is called Cancelled And I came here to get Cancelled, so I wanna know what happened. He, God, Chelsea, that is such a hard question to answer because I think I've never not been being Cancelled.


Really. It's, it's even similar to you when you were kind of, you were talking about, you went on, I forget what, it was a radio show and you were talking about your ex man and then he sent you the email and it's just, I'm always just saying shit. And I don't know what the fuck I'm saying. And I'm always getting in trouble for it. And I always have been. I mean, again, no one really raised me. And I started doing this very young. So I was kind of just like a banshee child on the internet putting it all out there. And it was just a matter of time before people were up enraged. Well then, you know. Yeah. Mission accomplished that. Yes. Have you ever properly been Cancelled? I don't believe so. No. That Is actually amazing. Especially as a comedian. I Know, I know. But It's almost like impossible. Well, I mean, if my show Chelsea lately we're on now, I probably would've been Cancelled at some point just because of our work environment.


It was just ridiculous. Like the things we did to each other. There was nudity, there was like people were, everyone was, it was unhinged. Yeah. And it was some of the most fun times of my life, but it was inappropriate. Like, now you couldn't do those things in a workplace environment. Yeah. Or maybe you could, because Trump is back in office. Who knows? Maybe anything's possible now regressing just regress back to like in 1960s, I, I would love to know what a day in the life on the set of Chelsea lately was like. 'cause obviously we saw the madness on television every day. But I can't imagine I was way too young to be consumed. I was just so excited. Every day. First I would come into the office, I would go to other people's computers that weren't at their desks. And I would send emails to human resources from their desks, complaining about different people in the office.


I would say, this is Jonathan, you know, I'm coming out later today. I just wanna let human resources know I'm gonna do it on air, da da da. And they'd be like, please do not come out on air. Like that is a private issue. It has nothing to do with the show. She was crazy. They were, they were called. We would just, I would, I would try to set up, there was one woman at hu there was always like standards and practices that were always up our asses because they're like, you can't say pussy, you can't say. I'm like, just bleep me. Yeah. It's funny. And they'd be like, no, it's too far. Like you could say, you could say anal, but you couldn't point to the asshole when you said anal. You had to learn all of these Injuries, all these arbitrary rules. So like, we would just fuck with them. 'cause I'd be like, anal, anal, anal, anal, anal, anal, anal.


And then they would call and be like, Chelsea, we told you you can't say that. I'm like, and then I was dating once I started dating the head of the network, then he was getting involved. And I was like, Hey, don't even fuck with me. You know what I mean? I'm your girlfriend. Like, you're not gonna call me and bother me at work now. He's like, that's not fair. I work here. I'm your boss. And I'm like, not anymore. I'm Like, I didn't know this happened. Did you date him solely just so you could speak more freely about anal on a air? No, I was Attracted to him. He was older man. And he ran a network. And my father was like, he was like the antithesis of my father. Like an older man who had his shit together and spotted talent and was like, very taken by me. You know? And I liked that. Of course I was young And I was very impressed by him and his togetherness.


And he was kind of just obsessed with me. And I like, loved it, you know? And then of course I was like, get the fuck away from me. Obviously Your dating history is so amazing. Random. It is. So, yes. And I'm, I'm a very much a random dater myself. Are you? It doesn't, oh My God. No. Random to me. I feel like everything makes perfect sense. Sense Joe Coy and 50 cent like, Yeah, but Andre, the pendulum swing, it's like, I'll date Andre Baz who's like, you know, Mr like Ellan, who has Ellan ellan, you know that word? ELAN, like grace don't, and charisma don't. Like he's a hotelier and he's sophisticated. I mean, and then I would go date 50 cent, you know what I mean? And then I would date someone Like, I don't know, who else did I like?


Ted Harbor was like, that's the guy from e he was like straight white business, you know, like, just, just so ridiculous. Like almost a caricature of like a 57-year-old man. I was like 32. He was 57. And then the next person I dated was like, you know, Like I go from the one end of the pendulum to the next. And They push you there. I feel like sometimes like, Yeah, sometimes I want, It's Like, I really don't want that. So let me go completely Opposite. Yeah. Sometimes I'll date just some random guy for a few months who's got nothing going on. And like, they could even be broke, you know? But that gets old obviously too. I don't have a A type. I just like a variety.


Have you ever dated a woman? Not dated a woman? I mean, just a Lot of carpet munching moments, stick casting and stuff like that. Yeah, of course. But you don't, you don't munch. I don't not, not typically Have you munched. Yeah, I think I have. Yeah. You tried it out. Yeah. Not For you. I've done that in a threesome environment course, you know, course you know, everybody's gotta do their, their bidding. But I'm not in my spare time. I'm not dying to go down on women. You know? I Like, I like men. Which Is so funny. It's so funny how much you were sexually attracted to men, but then also hate them. Like Yes. So is it a lot of hate fucking as well where you're Like, I hate you, I Hate you. No, I don't fuck the guys. I hate, I don't hook up with men I don't like, And I don't hate men. I just, I'm disappointed. You know what I mean? Yeah. They've become a little bit unfuckable. Not all of them, many of them.


So, but I find men who are on our team and are on women's side and do find like powerful women attractive. I can be friends with men like that And I can have sex with men like that. But a lot of men that think that they can handle independent, strong-minded women really can't. They go into it thinking, I'm cool, I'm down. But then they somehow become emasculated at the idea that they can't give you what you already have. Like, I don't need you to buy me jewelry. I don't need you to even pay for things. I mean, it would be nice, you know, like that's a nice aspect, but it's not a requirement. I don't need somebody who has money. But once men realize what their, like, that their contributions are limited to being a good person and decent and like fun And I can't do that, Then they're just like, wait, this doesn't feel like I'm contributing.


Like they, they, they become a little emasculated. So a lot of men have dated me and been Like, I can handle you. And then they can't. And then do they try to change you? I just, I can't imagine a man having the balls to try to change Chelsea handler. But I'm sure that you've experienced that. Yes. I've had men try to change me. Yeah. Which is crazy. Yeah. I had a boyfriend told me, who told me that he didn't think it was appropriate for me to be alone with men while we were together. Oh, come on. I wanted to be like, don't, I'm sorry. Have you met me? Like, have you read anything I've ever s written or heard anything that I've said? Like, what year do you think I'm living in? Yeah. We need realistic Goals. So that was stupid. Yeah. And he was an idiot. Yeah. You know, And I had to break up with him. You're very good at Breaking up.


Yes. I'm, I am am good at it. I was, yeah. I was just listening to you in your book say like, you know, a breakup doesn't define you. Like there's worse things happening. I'm like, can relate. Like I, it is the end of the world. End the world. I can't handle it. Well, as you get older, you will be able to handle it. You'll, Okay. That helps. Honestly, It's experience and wisdom. Like you, as you get older, you realize nobody fucking matters. You know what I mean? You can be in love with people, you can care about people. But if they're taken away, you have enough resiliency and resources within all of us to deal with anything. And a breakup is like, do you know how many fucking men there are in this country alone? Like 175 million men? Many. You can find another one.


Like, I know there's too many, but you can find another one. Yeah. And that's just this country we have. There's Chinese men, there's Indian men, there's, you know, you find one you're interested in. There are men everywhere. So like a breakup to me is just another exciting adventure. Like I Agree. Like I really, it's an exciting 'cause you're like, okay, what's next? Yeah. I look back at all the times, I was like, there's no one else like him. I mean, I kill myself. It's Like, I think good. Yeah. That's youth. That's youth. You think that their life is over when something bad happens, CareerWise or like relationship wise, when you're in your youth and once you get older you understand that everyone is like pretty much a number. It's unromantic, but it's kind of like, no, It's comforting is what it is. Yeah. But It's amazing that you're able to possess that thought but then still be like open to love and like, wanting it and, you know what I mean?


Yeah. Well I'm open for, I'm open for business, you know what I mean? So like, if that comes in love And I fall in love, great. But I'm not expecting to find my soulmate or my partner. Like that's not what I'm looking for. That's not, if I ran into that, I would be open to it. But I'm not, I'm not setting out to be Like, I wanna be in, I'm gonna be in a relationship by the end of the year. I love the way things are panning out for my life. Like, I like the randomness, I like the affairs, I like the excitement. I like a man in different, you know, men in different countries. One of some guy just called me right now, FaceTimed me, one of my potential suitors. And I was like, oh God, I can't wait to see you in Italy this summer. Like, how fun is that?


Yeah. You know? Yes. Like that's what I wanted my life to be like when I was a little girl. I wanted adventure, adventure, adventure. And to me, like the idea of committing or like in an engagement or any talk of marriage to me has always represented the end of the party. Yes. You know what I mean? And I want the party to continue. Is Your dream goal like an open relationship or just sincerely? Just different partners experiencing different things. I wouldn't mind just having like three recurring characters that are that, that are un that I would be completely honest with. You know, like, you're in my life. He's in my life. And that guy's in my life one in like, you know, in Spain, one in Canada, and one in the States.


I feel like that's reasonable One for each of your, your homes. Like you Don't have to run into each other. Like, no. Like why not? It's Not like the Cosby Show. It is like the shows. It's like sitcom your recurring characters. I don't know about the Cosby Show. I know. I don't think we can record I Cosby show anymore. Well it's speaking of getting Cancelled tna, God it's Been prevalent on my mind because, I don't know, do you finding that out about you that you were like obsessed with? The Cosby Show is so fucking funny to me. 'cause it's just so unexpected. I love black comedy. Like first of all, that was the best black family when I grew up. That was the first black family on television that represented like, like, you know, like he was a doctor, he was a gynecologist. He had his own gynecologist practice in their basement.


Now we know that is crazy. Know now we know, we know why. But, but at the time it was like, oh my God, like Theo and Vanessa and Rudy were so cool, you know, I was like, this white girl grew up in like all white neighborhood. So to me I was like, this is culture. Like this is fucking cool. And I wanted in on that family. I wanted to fuck Theo, my brother. I wanted to be their new sister. I wanted to have my friends Vanessa and Rudy. And then I wanted to have my father Bill Cosby. And now I Don't. And you never wanted to fuck Bill Cosby, obviously pre No. And my new standup special, I tell Bill Cosby story about him summoning to his ho me to his hotel room, my new standup special. I, I, I relay that story and that was the last time I saw Bill Cosby.


And guess what? He didn't roofie me. I mean, I just think it's so funny didn chance though. Your point te would've barely made a dent is so real. He wouldn't have made a dent in me. No. Yeah. I am a horse. You can't tranquilize me. So, impressive sense. What's a little DHB, right? That's what a roofie is. Yeah. I believe I have been roofed once. Really? Yeah. I was, yeah. Woman purpose or woman in your gorge On purpose? Well, yeah. By someone else. Oh. Like I remember. But I was, well some people Do it to themselves on purpose. Oh really? Yeah. Oh, that's something I would do too. But no, I haven't done that. No. I was roofing once because I was at a bar And I remember saying, and this was years ago in Santa Monica. And I remember saying to my friend, Like, I don't feel great and these guys are very weird. And she's like, let's get outta here.


And then I was out. Mm. And so we got out like, you know, but You even just being able to say, I don't feel Great. I'm Like, I don't, this doesn't feel right. This is not the high I I'm looking for. Yeah. I don't remember it like That. I mean, And I know because I've done all drugs. I know what's gonna hit, when it's gonna hit, how it's gonna hit And I can navigate, you know? Yeah. What's your favorite MDMA? See Molly, you really inspired me. 'cause Like, I feel like I'm afraid of drugs a little bit because of bad experience I've had. But I'm like, fuck, I haven't tried LSD and now I'm reading all about it in your book. Love L-S-D-L-S-D is like my favorite 'cause So in Canada, all of these things are legal, right? And like you and people use like they microdose all of like, there's a lot more openness and legal legalization of like microdosing in Canada.


And a lot of my friends are in this business. They're doctors, they're therapists. So they get the best stuff. When they get Molly, they, they order the molly then they like parse it up like in their hou in their kitchen and they put in capsules and they put in a microdose like 50 milligrams or a hundred milligrams, which is completely manageable. You're not going awa. You're like, okay, maybe I'll take four or maybe I'll take one. They get their moon rocks from the moon. Moon. That's it's funny too 'cause I always wonder, I'm like, who's her plug? Who's right? Chelsea handler's drug dealer. Yeah. You know that a lot of people are asking me And I don't wanna give that kind of credit to one person until I start getting a better deal. Of Course I feel like maybe that's where I went wrong. I was getting it at like the frat, so I was going Woo Wawa.


Yeah, yeah. Right. But Molly, MDM a's great LSD Microdose I think is great for like any sort of outside experience nature, everything lights up a little bit more and you don't get out, you don't get outta control either. It just kind of heightens whatever experience you're in. But none of the drugs that I do anymore are like, like you're not outta it. You know what I mean? I don't like that. I wanna be in like coherent. Yeah. And you wanna remember but Saying that you wanna be coherent, but you love LSD is so cra for me at least, I only ever really did like dirty vagus acid. So maybe that's why maybe I've never tried like some, some pure shit. You know? Some really Pure Yeah. I'll give you some pure shit. I'll, you'll, I promise you this is all very good.


I buy this sheet every year that it's got 363 hits And I give it out to people all year long. I just hand it out. I'm like, here, try this, try this. Everyone is like, oh my god. Home run. My friends took it. We went to the Taylor Swift concert in Vancouver and my friends took it and they were like, oh my God, that was the best concert we've ever seen. That was my first Taylor Swift concert I had never seen. And I was like, how would you rate that to the other ones? They're like, this one felt like a spiritual experience. And I'm like, yeah, duh. That's the LSD Fuck. The friendship bracelets. Chelsea Handler is at the Arrows tour handing out acid. LSD. Yes, exactly. I feel like half the battle's, like trusting where it came from. If you gave me a drug, I'd be like, this is perfect. Amazing. Yeah, it's true. But God, if I scare you now, which obviously I do, I just can't imagine the way I would scare you on LSD.


Don't Scare me. You don't scare me. I appreciate you. I appreciate that. You're such a big fan And I I really do. You don't scare me at all. I think it's very sweet And I was so excited to meet you. That is so nice the way she's talking to me. Like, I'm a Make-A-Wish with like three hours left to live in a disability and it's so real. Like, it's really nice to meet you sweetie. Thank you. Yeah. And then, And then I pet you on your head. Yes. And I Thank you for that. 'cause you really could be like, bitch, you were so weird. The 19 videos after the, the plane experience, but it, it's just wild. I don't know. It was just so crazy. I felt Like I would never, that God almost was gonna keep me away from you for your sake, Right?


Yeah. I felt that way about people. Like I had, oh God, there was somebody I had such a bad experience with that I hoped I would never, ever see again. And then I saw that person like immediately And I felt so sorry that they had to deal with me. So I can relate to what you're saying. I was like, oh God. But like it from your perspective, you know what I mean? That's not my perspective about you, because why would it be? But when I did that to someone And I remember like embarrassing myself in front of someone and seeing them, I remember feeling that like, please, I don't want you to have to deal with me. Like I, I'm sorry that you see my face. And I really did have to sedate myself today so that I would act accordingly.


What Did you take to sedate yourself? I took a little bit of a Xanax and You're just up. And like, if I take a Xanax, I'm in bed. I weirdly think I could do anything on Xanax, which is like horrifying, scary, a little horrifying. Xanax Is, I gotta say shout out to Xanax. I love Xanax. I love Xanax and So much. And Yeah. And you can only, I can only get my prescription filled every 30 days. So I have to use, which is so annoying. Sparingly. I know. It's really annoying. No, I start using other people isn't I like, make them pick it up To go to different pharmacists too, or pharmac like Yeah. It's, It's a whole Thing. And then you're Like, I'm obviously I'm a drug addict if I have two different pharmacies, but Okay, then I go through that a lot. I do. But I go To the Pharmacia in Mexico. Oh yeah. That's where my Xanax comes From. Best. Yeah, they have the best Viagra too.


You should try that. Oh, I have. Have you ever taken Viagra as a woman? No. No. I feel like it would. What does it like give you as a woman? Like big clit? It's Supposed to be, my old roommates used to take it, they like intentionally took Viagra as women and they said it was like similar to ecstasy. Like you're just super touchy. Oh really? Yes. What ma? Male Viagra or female? Viagra? I think there's only male Viagra, right? No, I think women have some sort of version of it. Oh No, it was male. Like, like Viagra. Viagra. Oh, and it made you that way? I I didn't take it. My roommates did. Oh, interesting. Interesting. That makes, That's a whole thing they used to do for fun. So it's it's a whole, A whole Yeah. Basket of drugs I'm missing. Well, yeah, truly. I just felt Like I had to sedate myself today. I was Like, I don't ever really depersonalize either.


But I was, I was telling Brooke, I was in my backyard And I was finishing up the book And I like looked at my hands And I was like, these are so weird, like these five fingers. And I started to just get all weird about my hands And I was Like, I should take drugs before I see her. Yeah. I'm going to or Whatever drugs you need to take. Yes, 100%. And I knew you'd appreciate it. Course. You know, so That I personally pregamed. But I heard you say like, if you're nervous for something, it means you care about something. That's True. Someone told me that, my therapist told me that a long time ago. And I Like, I love that advice because I used to get really nervous, like randomly, you know, I go on stage all the time. So it's like, it not knowing when it's gonna hit you would be annoying. And then I'd be like, wait, wait, why am I nervous? I've been doing this for like 15 years and all of a sudden I'd have like a nervous stretch That happens to Me.


And then my psychiatrist at the time, or psychologist, I think he is said, he was like, you know, that means you care. And I was like, oh, that's a nice way to reframe being nervous. I have a question. You said when you walked in that, I can't remember if it was on camera or not, but that you didn't have anxiety. Do you feel like you, like were you, when you started doing standup and stuff, like were you anxious at all or were you just Like, I Think that like the definition of anxiety, like ec like eclipsed me. Like I didn't understand that anxiety is pretty much all of those feelings. Like anxiety is like dreading something that's happening. Right. You know, also, like you, Like I would have sets in the early parts of my career and it was like all day long I'd be like, oh God, I don't Like, I just didn't want to like have to perform that late at night.


You know, if like that was at 10 50, I'd be like, oh God. But I feel like that's different. But it's scary when you're doing it at night though. You get delirious and you just start saying shit. And also you like, you're trying to remain sober and stay up till 10 50. You're Like, I can't, I can't. But, but that Like, I thought is that anxiety and it's like, not really Like, I don't have anxiety in the, in the sense of the word, but I've had situations that made me anxious. Yeah. But I don't have anxiety, like as a, like a pathology. What a blessing. I know. I think it's your generation, like it started with social media, it creates anxiety. It does think so. It creates anxiety. If you're on your phone scrolling all day, you're gonna become anxious too. Like that's just a natural because you're comparing and thinking about what other people are doing.


You're jealous, you da da da, you get insecure. Like all of the, the things that the phone does is make us a little bit crazier and more unstable. I Agree. I mean, I 100% agree. I mean, whenever people take a break from social media and talk about how happy they are, I'm like, wow, that sounds great. I would love to do that. And there's no reason I couldn't, but I'm Like, I just don't feel Like I have a problem. You know what I mean? Like many things in my life And I don't believe I have a problem with, this is another one. Well, you just handle things so well. Truly. Like I like on paper, I guess how much you drink, I guess someone would say is alcoholism. But like, not when you're Chelsea fucking handler. Like, you know, you just, I mean, I mean I keep my shit together, but I definitely have, I've had at moments where my shit has not been together so that, you know, How do you navigate that?


Because see I could never get that one down with the alcohol. Right. Like I, it was like I'm gonna ruin my fucking life if I keep getting hammered like this. Mm. And I could never, I don't have balance though. I'm very yin or yang as a person. What Are, what's your sign? A cancer. Okay. There you go. Cool. What's your sign? Yin yang. Pisces? Yeah. Oh, Pisces. Isn't that what cancer is like? Like Yeah, I'm very all in or all out. I'm very right emotionally attached. My mom was Cancer. My, my niece is a cancer. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if I believe in these fucking signs. This western astrology. It seems a little modern. I Agree. It seems a little bit like Mormonism. You know too, too, too. Like, like recent, I want old shit from like Egypt.


I want sterian astrology. I want people to tell me what planet I was born into and what's in my anus and what's in, you know, like it's in my, I don't believe in like I'm a Pisces. I don't know what that means. I don't know what a rising sign means. I don't buy all of that Western astrology. Yeah. I used to only pretend to care when I wanted to fuck someone and they were into that. You know, I believe When it benefits me flag too, if a guy's a straight man is into astrology, he's not straight, he's not then he's not straight 100% or He belongs on a farm, you know, or like a big, big sir type situation. It's all and the burning man, all of those Burning man also can go. I love that. You hate that Burning man. And pickleball are my two least favorite topics to discuss. Well how do you feel about cyber Trucks Cyber? Same thing as I do about same way I feel about pickleball.


And I feel like if you put that in a Venn diagram though, there'd be a big crossover. Yes. Like, like people who enjoy one of those things usually enjoy all of that. I Agree with you. I think that's absolutely right. Cyber trucks are so ugly and so, so fucking, but now everyone's vandalizing Teslas so. Yeah. You know, I mean hopefully we don't have to see those much more. I would love that. I really would. I don't know why I hate hate a cyber truck. I returned to my Tesla. Did you? Good for You. Yeah. I got a different electric car. I didn't even know you could return a Tesla. Like That's So funny. Yeah, they, so people are putting like Hyundai on the back because like obviously people Yeah, my sister has her Tesla. I'm like, you better get rid of that 'cause there's another electric car that's giving you like 15 grand if you traded in your Tesla. And then so you get 15 grand incentivization to get a different car.


Wow. I don't think it's as nice as a Tesla because my nephew had it and he has no money. So, but whatever. There are other cars out there, so I suggest everyone get a different Carm Still on gas cars. Oh really? Yeah, I don't drive. You don't drive? What do you do? Rollerblade? I mean, no honestly, anything with wheels. I think I should always have feet flat on the ground. I'm not really, I'm not really able bodied. I'm closer to disabled I think. No, She doesn't have her license yet, but she's, she's getting ready Get it, Get her license. I'm not getting ready. She's lying for me. And that's what a good friend does. You know, she wants me to not look as Right. Right. 'cause yeah. To you, you know? But, And I Would just wanna say if you were ever to drive, LA is the easiest place to find your way around.


'cause it's one big grid. Everything is parallel. Like, and from here, from the valley to Beverly Hills and beyond, it's all just one grid. It's all north and south, east and west, like everything. Same with Vegas. Mold of You to assume. I know northeast, south and west, We're gonna get you a compass map. Thank you. And you're, once you see it, when I move to la, Like I can't, I have no sense of direction. Mostly because I'm not, you know, really paying attention. Why? Why would I, why would you know, there's navigation and da da. But like when I moved to LA, there wasn't all that stuff. I moved here in 1993, the year that Al Gore invented the internet. I think that was 94. Yeah, 94. But I had, they had this like Thomas guide and you had to use that to get around. And I was like auditioning and stuff.


I got lost every fucking day. I didn't know where I was going And I had no sense of direction. And then someone just showed me a giant grid of the map of LA and that like every street runs parallel. Like La Senega, Robertson, you know, it goes doheny. And I was like, oh. Then I just, it clicked right. And now I never have a problem getting anywhere. You look, if you see the mountains, you're going that way. You see No mountains, you're going the opposite way. When you explain it that way, it's like, damn, maybe I could, I mean obviously it's also just you explaining it. So I'm like, of course I can do it. Can learn. Yeah. You're Like, I see it now. I'm very A DHD though. I'm very squirrel. I'm very, yeah. And I just, I don't wanna kill people, people I love or strangers. You Know, you probably shouldn't be driving. Yeah. I just, I don't know.


I don't know when they were thinking about, you know, I was gonna say she's bought like 11 cars and she's never driven one. Oh my god. I Like to give people cars. That's Nice. I've done that. Yeah. She Gave me a car. That's nice. What kind of car car did you get? A Bronco. A big Bronco. That's so nice. It was nice. I know, I love that. I know. I'm Like, glad she doesn't drive. 'cause she would've had to buy it for herself. Yeah. I mean, it's a beautiful car And I can't, I, I would much, I'm a passenger princess at heart. Okay. I like to click clack on the phone. I'm vaping away. I don't know where I am usually. Like it's, you know, where are you's you Usually besides Vegas and here? Nowhere. Nowhere. I try to leave LA My boyfriend is from Hawaii. He lives in Hawaii, so I go there. Is He Hawaiian? Yeah. Oh really? Yeah. That's Cute. I'm Brazilian and a lot of other things, but, Hmm.


Yeah. So I Actually go there. And how long have you been with your boyfriend? A Year and three months. Okay. Well who's counting me? Yeah. Because this is a, a very different territory for me, I think because You're getting serious in a serious relationship. Yeah. And I just always was like a violent whore, you know, just violent and a whore, you know, like just crazy. And I, I'm, he's reforming me. I'm, I'm reforming myself. This is the first time I've ever really taken something seriously. Oh wow. Or been with someone who wasn't awful. Mm. I hate to say that I to all my exes in the world, but Yeah. Well it's good to break those patterns. Yeah. As a woman. Yeah. You know, you don't wanna have to keep making the same mistake twice.


You know, I don't wanna go to summer school, I want to go to Myorca. So I like to make my first experience with everything, my last experience. If it's not positive, God, that's amazing. I Wanna, I don't wanna learn the same lesson over and over again. I'm here to learn all the lessons. So like, once I get to one, like, it's like when you get rid of like, you know, like bad relationships in your life, it's like you elevate yourself to a higher set of standards and then there's another level that you can get to and then another level. So Like, I think at life like that, like let's keep getting higher and let's keep setting the standards higher because then what you attract is higher. Higher. And that's the way to look at life. I feel Like I dated the same caliber of person in a different skin suit. Exactly. You know, like a thousand Times, which is what many of us do.


That's very typical. So to break that pattern, to be a cycle breaker is what it's called, is really important. Not only for you but for all the people around you and all the women around you. You know, it's good to, like sometimes when I'm breaking up with someone, I'm like, I'm just doing this for all women, you know, like this is a bigger vision acceptable for any women. I, any woman, I'm gonna fucking do it. Yeah. I feel Like I finally did break the cycle in that sense and like found. Yeah, It sounds like you did. Yeah. And you have a solid relationship for a year and three months. That sounds solid and steady. Yeah, It's good. Honestly it's good. I've giving it my all. I mean before that I truly was only attracted to people with like face tattoos, lack of parents, people who look like they eat cigarettes. People who don't respect.


Have you ever dated anyone with a neck tattoo? Of course. Yeah. So many. And that's just to do that you have to be a different, right. A different just to feel that pain to, and they weren't even good neck tattoos. That's the thing is I was liking the people who wanted like, misspelled words across. Right. No regrets. Oh Yeah. Very. No regrets. Yes. Wow. Wow, Wow. Interesting. I finally went very outside of my natural type and obviously found a decent person and, you know. And What about you? What's your situation? I'm in a relationship too. No neck tattoos, but it's newer than Hers. It's like eight months. Okay. But but you're into him. And now we have no podcast topics. And I know we're in an era right now where it's like almost like bad.


'cause I mean we made this whole situation out of like talking about horrible things we are doing and that are being done to us. And now we're like, fuck. Like he made dinner last night. Right. That's the way it goes. Yeah. It happens. Did You struggle with that Chelsea? Like Making dinner? Well, no. Yes I do. I continue to struggle with just In eras of your, well I guess you always find a way. That's why you are who you are and you're the woman that you are. You always find a way to write about anything that's happening in your life and make material out of it. What Did they say? Did I struggle with what? Like have you ever had just lulls in topics or lulls in inspiration? Like where do you find this Is good because this is important for everyone to hear and that this is, I think I read this today too, And I feel this way.


There are are seasons of planting and seasons of harvesting. Like truly you're not supposed to be creative all year long. You have periods where you have bursts of creativity, right? Where you have bursts of inspiration and you've, you're like, okay, I wanna work and dah dah. And then there's periods of time where you have to go have those experiences so you fucking have something to talk about. So I find that like, the time off is as important as the time on. So I take my vacations very seriously because those are the experiences that end up giving me the most material and the most stuff to like reflect on. And also, what's the point of working so hard unless you're gonna enjoy your fucking money. Absolutely. And share it and sharing it and bringing people along with you, to me is like the greatest gift you can give anybody, you know, to be able to be like, I'm taking all my friends to wherever.


I couldn't agree more. I mean, That's the best feeling. It is. It, and you always, you go out of the comfort zone too. Like, I'm always doing that. I'm like, oh, I'll take the friends to Cabo for the 97th time. But like the fact that at one point you were just like, we're gonna go to Uganda for sen. Not no reason, but you know what I mean, just for the fuck of it. And like, you're just very good at getting out of your comfort zone as well. I'm going to Antarctica this year. You long, I'm excited about that. Yeah. Oh, How exciting. What are you going for This big, this group had goes on these trips, this, this, like, this group plans these trips. And I met them on, I was gonna south by Southwest last week, And I hopped on And I got a plane ride with some people and they were like, oh, we just got back from Egypt. We rode down the River Nile. It was like this crazy trip.


I'm like, what kind of trip? And they're like, we're doing one in Patagonia and we go to Antarctica. And I was like, oh, I would like in on that. Like if it's like, where Is Patagonia? Patagonia's in the, like the southern most part of South America. And that's like where, right where like Argentina beyond there. That's where you go to go to Antarctica. Like beyond like Chile. Like go down to those southernmost tip. So, and then you go and you see all the icebergs and you see all the penguins and you see, I think they have polar bears right? In the south? Or is that the north? No, no, they, you see polar bears. Anyway, it's gonna be gone soon. So it's all ice. So it's like really cool to see. And it's in like an archeological expedition, but I've always wanted to go to Antarctica. Anyway, the the com a guy from the company, I was like, call me, I wanna come on this trip and I'm gonna bring a couple people.


And then he called me And I was like, listen, do you want me to do anything on this trip? Like in exchange for the trip, you know, Like, I can talk or do stand up or I could be interviewed. And he's like, why don't we just interview you one night at the end of the trip? And I was like, great, can my friends come for free? And like, you know, I'll pay for my thing. And he's like, yeah, definitely. So I'm like, great. I really thought you, how you gonna say, can I suck your dick or something? No, I would never say, can I suck your dick to anyone? Why would I, I mean, I don't think you have to answer Is what that is. Yeah. Can I suck your dick? Wow. I've said that and, And I should kill Myself. And has anybody said no? I don't think so. Right? I hope not. So it's kind of a rhetorical Question. Yeah, I guess that's true. If you're really ready to suck Dick, I think everybody's gonna be open to it.


You know what guy's gonna be like, no, you can't suck my dick. You know? I Just don't know why I immediately went to sexual favor in my head versus like an interview for Antarctic. Got you. Like, maybe just, that would be Better. What habits die hard. They Do. They do. You know that tna, It's so funny because my name is tna, like my parents, like ta NA is tna like Lana. You know what I mean? But what about like, oh no. But my parents just didn't know phonics, you know? And bless their heart. Do you have brothers and sisters? Oh, so you don't have any other names to compare and contrast to? No, no, no, no. I don't. I was born an only child. My best friend's family ended up taking me in. Oh, they did? Yeah. Oh, did you Talk about childhood?


Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. But I mean, I wouldn't change it. Right. You Know, I mean, listen, bad childhoods is what makes us like salty and resilient. And so I I Love salty and Resilient. Yeah. And being from, I'm from New Jersey, so I am salty, like everyone from New Jersey is salty, But I love an east coast bitch. Yeah, me too. And I love being from New Jersey. It's better than going there, you know, like, like I'm headed there in life, you know, like moving to New Jersey as an adult. Like, I, like there's, that's not a cool thing to say. I'm moving to New Jersey, but being from New Jersey is a better, you know, of course I'm from New Jersey, so people know, oh, she's gonna be a little bit tougher. Yes. But I love that. I always say that I feel like people from Vegas resemble the same things as people from the East Coast.


Like just that being more brash, gritty and being more gritty. Yeah, gritty. Yeah. Perfect way. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It is just, but I mean, yeah, with the childhood, I don't know. I guess I wouldn't change it. You know, it's like you always talk about how, like, you kind of, knowing that your parents, you know, knowing you were smarter than your parents from a very young age shaped who you were as an individual across your life. And I resonate with that so much, you know? Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know that I was smarter than my parents. I was more ambitious than my parents. I was more ambitious. I knew what I wanted And I was going to get it. And anyone who got in my way was gonna get tossed to the side. Absolutely. Were you literally like that as a 5-year-old? Yeah. So do you think it, you were truly just born like that?


Yes. I was born with Like, I was like, oh, I felt like a celebrity when I was born. And I was like, what is this welcoming? Like, this is not appropriate or commensurate to the way I felt about myself. I had high self-esteem at a very early age. I valued my opinion. I thought I had a lot to say And I thought people should respect me. And even when I was a baby, I felt Like I was trapped in a baby's body and that I was a woman And I wanted to start my life and split ties with these people that said they were my family. They are not on the same page as me. Like, I wanted to have a housekeeper. I wanted to have multiple homes and residences. I wanted to travel the world. And I was like, these people will just bring me down. Talk About manifestation. Yeah. I couldn't agree more. Totally. But never ever was there a moment in my life where I was Like, I was unequivocally set.


Like I knew exactly what I was gonna do. There was never a question, like maybe I'll become a teacher or an accountant or there just wasn't Like, I can't do anything else. So I, but talk and entertain and like inspire and, and support, you know, like that. Those are the things I'm good at. So that, that you, once you get find out what you're good at, you kind of have to run with that. And it's just like what you're saying, like this whole career that you've built for yourself and getting into trouble and not really being Cancelled, you know, you joke about being Cancelled and you may have felt Cancelled at times, but this is what you're good at. And once you get good at what you're good at, then nobody can stop. They honestly needed that.


I feel like I'm At church, this is so fucking, I I almost cried and I'm holding back my tears because I'm not fucking crying in front of Chelsea handler right now. But it is so fucking crazy that you are sitting across from me saying that to me right now. And I never really give myself time to feel accomplished. And today feels like one of the greatest days of my life. This is all I could have ever wanted. I I just idolize you so much And I don't idolize anyone else in the way that I idolize you. Thank you. Like, you are just so fucking outspoken and so powerful and you always have been. And it's it in just a world where people want nothing more than women like us to shut the fuck up. You never have for even a second. And if I could even be a sliver like the woman that you are, I would truly feel so accomplished in my life.


And I can't believe you were just saying that to me. It's, I know, but life is where you are now. I mean, how, I mean, you're right. That's awesome. Look what you've accomplished. Thank you. Thank you so much, Chelsea. Look at that. It's awesome for both of you. It means the world to me. And you should enjoy yourself. Like I understand what you're saying, like about, I wanna say something about that. Like, I think it's really important for all of us to always a, remind ourselves of our value, remind of ourselves, of how far we've come because you get lost in this and you get lost in the shuffle. And especially when you're in this industry, it's always like, it can feel like a rat race. But you have to think about where you came from, what your story is, and how you got here today and remind yourself of the power that lies within you.


You're so right. Yeah. I feel Like I am finally in this era of my life where I'm prioritizing taking the time to stop and slow down and be proud of myself and see all that I've accomplished and whatnot. And it is, it's wild. 'cause you battle with that. I think at first it's like, no, I have to keep going. Yes. And I don't know, fear has always been my biggest motivator, you know, fear that this could all go away or fear that I'm not good enough, I'm not doing enough, I'm not whatever. But there there is a point where it's like, wow, look at all the things, I guess. And also reflection, like reflect, reflecting back to your, the childhood version of yourself, reflecting back to who you were when you were 15 or 16, thinking about all of the growth and all of the learnings and like everything that you've done.


Like there's a lot to be proud of. You know, you're the reason you're here, you're the reason you got yourself here. You're the reason you're gonna get yourself through the next 5, 10, 15 years and all the ne all of the upcoming accomplishments. So it's very important for women to really think about that. Think about all of the things you've done. I Feel like that's kind of a lot of what your new book is as well. And it's cool how much, just to hear you, I don't know, talking in this book about your new life and just all the reflection and the therapy and everything. I swear I started reading this book and in like the first chapter, first or second chapter, you start talking about sunshine and rainbows. And I was like, where is Chelsea handler?


Like this is, you're almost in this, like you're more positive than ever. Yeah. And more self-reflective than ever. And more the gratitude as well. I feel like that was one of my biggest takeaways from this book. Like, reading your pages where you were writing the things that you're grateful for each day and putting those in the book, I think was such a cool power move by the way. Which just like, really, it inspired me so much. I was like, holy fuck, that's so cool. You know, when I came to LA and people talked about fucking gratitude and yoga, you know, chakras. I was like, oh God, Come on. Shut the Fuck up, shut the fuck up. And then you get to an age where you're like, okay, well wait, this isn't working. I'm a fucking angry, but what's wrong with me? And then you realize Like, I, the more I read about energy and gratitude and like the vibe you're putting out is the vibe you're gonna get back.


And when you really intentionally try to be a happy, optimistic, positive person, the things that come your way are endless. And the things that match that energy are endless. And the same goes for being in a shitty mood all the time, or being negative all the time. Then that's what you get. You get negativity, you get things that don't go your way when you focus on being a victim or you got fucked over by this person or that person. It's all bullshit. Like, move on. You're, you're strong enough to move past that. And when you do focus on the positive, the more the more you get. So that's why I'm positive because I'm like manipulating the A universe. I'm like, okay, bring it on. I love it. I love more, more, more, More. You're so right. That's really what it is, is manipulating gaslighting.


You want me to write a gratitude list? No problem. I'm grateful. I love drugs. Thank you for them. I love my dog. Thank you for my dog. I love my house. Thank you for my house. I liked it though. But It's so real. It's, it is. I as someone who has been a very pessimistic a lot of my life. Yeah, It's true. I was like that for many years. I was always like sarcastic. I mean, I'm still sarcastic. I I'm never gonna wash that out. We know, we know, but I mean, why not be like bouncy and full of joy? You know what I mean? Yeah. The world's just fucking, we're all gonna die. Yes. So I went on be in a good mood. Yeah. So when I cross over, I get collected by the right people. Right. I, I feel Like I struggle a lot with like self-awareness in my adulthood. And I feel Like I should be a little further along than I am.


So I feel like your book was like a good takeaway. I'm like listening. I'm like, she's going to therapy now. She's learning now. Like I have time. You Definitely Have time. It's, I mean, you, you Do have time. How old are you girls? I'm 26. Oh, 28. Oh my God. Oh yes. So this is a perfect conversation to be having because I've been where you are and you have 22, 20, you have 22, 24 years to get where I'm going. You know where I am right now. So like, you already are ahead of the curve. You know, you're already having these conversations. I wasn't having these conversations at 26 years old. You're right. And I do, I do appreciate hearing that. I guess sometimes it's almost like how you talk about yourself as a baby. You know, you were an adult. I feel like I'm trapped in an 80, Like I feel 80 sometimes just with the lives that I've lived.


Yes. You know? And I have to remember that like, I'm not 80, 80 And I don't know everything And I haven't been through all that there is to go through and you know what I mean? Yeah. How do you feel about vaping? I have no problem with it. I was prepared today to wait until you left the building to vape around you. Yeah. 'cause I could just see you being like, Hey, stop that. I would never Stop that. Wow. Okay. I'm gonna hit my vape, please. All. Is that a, is that a, a marijuana vape? Or a cannabis, I mean Nicotine. Oh yeah. And I'm a slave to this embarrassing little battery with stars on the side. Yeah. That Isn't the best look. But go for It. It's the worst. Gotta do you right. Do you, you don't, you got hypnotized to stop Smoking. I did.


Sometimes I have a cigarette though. And that worked. Yeah. It worked for 10 years. And then I was like, well that worked. Now I can smoke again. Have You used hypnotic? You know what I'm trying to say? Yeah. For anything else? What? Yeah. I, I wasn't Friday again. Think I used it. I did use it for something else. What else did I use it for? Aren't you Scared? They're doing weird shit to you while you're under, I don't mind. It's not like that. You're like, you're awake, you know what's happening, but you're just subdued. Really? Yes. It's not like you're out of it and then you're all of a sudden your legs are in stirrups. That's what I think because I'm like a little bit of a skeptic, but so many people have like told me amazing things about it. I'm like, wait, maybe I should Try it. Yeah, it does work. It worked for me. I quit smoking for 10 years and then I was in Europe with my girlfriends and they were smoking And I was like, well, I guess you can't get cancer in Europe at all.


So I, so I had a cigarette with them and then I kind of, now when I'm in Europe, I, I'll smoke a little here and there, but you know, I'm 50 years old. I can't Camp over there though is fine. I mean, once guess once in a while a cigarette is exactly what I need. It's fucking fun to smoke. Yeah. There's not much you can replace it With. And it sucks because, you know, it's so bad for you, But so this guy puts you half under Yeah. You're kind of, it's giving laughing gas. You're kind of subdued, but you're still there. It's more of a mental state. He counts you down. He tells you how gross you are for smoking. Basically berates you for like 30 minutes. It's minutes hot. And he's like, you know what you're putting into your lungs every time you take a hit off a cigarette and you're like, wow, God, it sounds like I'm a coal miner.


You know, it's bad stuff. And then he, and and you go three times. And on the third time is when you quit. Not the first time, not the second time. You do one once a week for three weeks. And on the third time he goes, okay, you'll never smoke again. And on my last thing, his name is Kerry Gainor. And then the last time he's in Santa Monica, he and he going, the last time I went, he was like, you'll never smoke again. And I said, okay, I'm going out tonight with my friends. And they smoke. Like, what do I do when they smoke? Should I not go out with them? And he is like, no, you go out with them. It will feel, it will be as if you've never smoked a day in your life. And I went out and that's exactly what happened. And I didn't smoke a cigarette for 10 years. That's The craziest thing I'm doing it. I, I watched this scary movie where the guy hypnotizes and then he, her, she's in stirrups, you know, and he does all the things.


And it scared me so bad. I mean, men are scary, but Yeah. Yeah. That is, I mean, yeah. But I wouldn't go into a hypnosis session assuming I'm gonna get Ed. Yeah. I should, you know what I mean? I Mean, that just seems a little slightly alarmist. I should Re-approach my Yeah. My thought thoughts Or, or bring a friend, you know? Yeah. Like a Yeah. Go with her Groupon. Yeah. I guess that's true. It is so true. Did you see the, there was a girl who got her wisdom teeth out and she with a Groupon? No, I mean, oh, she came out, I shouldn't even be talking about this. She came out of the wisdom tooth surgery and she was celibate and then she ended up being pregnant nine months later. Oh, dentists do this a lot. Yeah, I've heard this a lot. That was like a 20, 20 episode or a dateline something years ago where they showed this girl who was taken advantage of or at the dentist's office and she went back and, and knew she had been.


So she went back again and videoed it. So she got twice to videotape it. And in the dentist office there are stirrups. And I'm like, I'm sorry. Why would There ever what dentist has stirrups? Like That's right. Not, that's wild. That Doesn't happen. And also voluntarily going back to, to do it again, just to get the video footage. I don't, nothing did. Why is shit I would do. He's pretty crazy. But then I'm thinking about it and I'm like, maybe she saves somebody in the future, but like, you had to get the video. Yeah. That's why Do I feel like that's something I would do? And don't get put it down at or put out. Don't get put down out either. But don't get put out at a dentist's office. Yeah. That's wild. That's a little too far. Like you get laughing gas.


You don't need to be put under for any sort of dental work. I know. And if you do, then you should be in a surgical center, not a dental's office. Yeah. You're 100% Right. And I only see female dentists after I saw that on 2020 or whatever. Dateline. Yeah. You're years ago, like 20 years ago. You guys were six years Old. So Yeah. Four years old. I am too. Like hypervigilant of always like, an Uber driver offers me a water. And I'm like, and then it's Like, I don't need to, I'm the opposite. I have blind trust in everybody. Somebody could approach me like in the middle of the street. I'm like, Whatever. I'm kind of like that too. I don't think anyone's out to get me, but no one's gonna hurt you. People always bring me drugs at my shows. People are always handing me edibles or brownies and my, you know, who, whoever's with me is like, okay, let's get rid of all this stuff. I'm like, no, no, no. And my fans aren't trying to poison me.


So you Do fan drugs. Yeah. See, she's exactly the opposite. But I feel like you've had enough bad experiences where like, it's warranted to me. I'm Like, I will eat anything. I'll try anything. I trust everyone. A fan could Bring me a closed bag of hot Cheetos. And I'm like, they are gonna drug me. You know? And it's like, they love you. No, they're not like, it's too much paranoia. I'm serious. I I am like paranoid as a Person. Yeah. I'm not, I don't have that gene. I, I'm not paranoid and I'm not Yeah. I know that Gene. I'm Jewish. So a lot of Jews are very paranoid. They're hypochondriacs and they're paranoid. My friend was at my house one night when I, this is at my old house. And she was like, where does d does you know, my dogs at the time I had these two dogs.


And she's like, where do they sleep? And I'm like, well, one sleeps on the terrace and one sleeps inside. And she's like, you lock 'em out there if I have himself all night. I go, no, the doors are open. Like I, the doors are open. And I lived in Bel Air at the time and she goes, you, Chelsea, you cannot sleep with your doors open. I'm Like, I have a complete security system. I have a gate. I like what you think somebody's gonna come and oop up to my balcony From the tree. God, I would do It. And if they can't chemical And she's, but she's a fearful person. Like she lives in fear. She questions everything. And I'm the opposite. I am just like, whatever. You know, like if you tell me Me too. If they take me, if they Take me, yeah. I, that's not how kind of how I feel. Like if they get me whoopsy. Yeah. You know, but I also feel like someone would pull a gun on you and you would like cuss them out and talk them out of it.


Possibly. Like, You would be like, what the fuck are you doing? You're holding it wrong. And like, this is embarrassing. Id be Like, I was gonna do it anyway. Would like go for it. Yeah. Shoot Me. Yeah. I'm tired too, so Do it. Let's wrap this up. Exactly. I'm not that invested in this life, you know? Know what I mean? It's like my will to live isn't like that high. So it's like, why the pick one, pick a side. You Know? That's exactly how I feel my will to live is Like, I can take it or leave it. Yeah. Like, I'm gonna make the best out of it. But also if I'm not gonna be around, I'm okay with that too. And what a cool way to die. I, I'm like really big on like, if I'm gonna die young, it has to be in like a respectable way. Like if I get hit on a lime scooter, all my friends have to lie. If I like get shot, like huge brownie points.


Everyone's like, oh, she got shot. Yeah. No. Yeah. If I died in an embarrassing way, I feel Like I would try to resurrect to, Well, you know what I mean? Like, if I died, like, and it was like a robber, everyone would be like, she's so brave. I do, I I used to have these fantasies. I know. I shouldn't even say this out loud 'cause I'm bringing on bad karma. Oh. So I won't, I'll skip it. But I, I was so excited. You ever Have like hero fantasies about how you're gonna like save, save the day or like you're gonna save a bunch of people on an, on an airplane Crash? I have those. Do you Ever have those fantasies? Yes, I did have those when I was little. Like, I was like, I'm gonna be a hero. Everyone's gonna know who I am. 'cause I'm gonna rescue babies off of a, a plane that has crashed. And I What Strain of narcissism is that? I don't know. I don't know. 'cause I, I, no, I I suffer as Well.


I think it's so weird and that, but it's very, it's not very, it's not uncommon. I've heard other people talk about that. No. But I've been there where like an ex-boyfriend does me so wrong where I'm like, like he would feel so bad. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's like, yeah. Vengeful for sure. Yeah. Illness For sure. But add It, add it to My list. It's like we should talk more about her book and her special on here. We have We're good. We're good. Don't worry about it. She's so good. Chelsea. I mean, God. I mean, it's wild. Just how you can still put out a book that is, and again, you're Chelsea handler. No shit. You can, but it's so fucking incredible. You've been doing this for, this is your seventh book. Seventh book. It's my sixth number. One New York Times bestseller.


So it's the number one New York Times bestseller, which was incredible news. I didn't go to college. I just, But you're such an avid reader as Well. Yeah. I'm an avid reader, but all my brothers and sisters went to college. So I love, every time I become a New York Times number Right. To be like, Hey, hey guys, guess who, who, guess who has an number one? It's me again. Me again. The one who didn't go to college. You guys all wasted your time and are in the corporate world. And I'm leaving the dream And I'm in my orca right now. Thriving. Yeah. Yeah. And but I mean obviously now it's your bread and butter and you kill it and you know how to do it. But like, when you were writing, it was my Horizontal Life. That was My first book. Right? That was your first book. What made you wanna do that? Like where, how did you start?


I wanna know. 'cause I'm, I'm in the process of writing my first book. Oh, you, oh, you are, you are my grandest inspiration once Again. Okay. But let me tell you this. So my first book was My Horizontal Life, A collection of one night stands. I used to tell these stories at dinner parties and people would be like, oh my God, they're so funny. Like, I was very good at storytelling, right? I didn't know I could make a living telling stories. I didn't know I could make a living being myself. So that's what you're doing. You're making a living, being yourself. So you, I wrote this book, one Night Stands, everyone said that no one, no publisher in America wants it. It's too, it's too, no one wants to hear a woman talk about sleeping around. I'm like, everyone I know sleeps around. Everyone I know is in their twenties is having sex with strangers. That's just what you do.


So I got published by Bloomsbury, this company in the uk this very well-respected publishing house in the uk. They sold that book in 60 countries. How did that even happen? I made $35,000 on my advance of that book. Okay. My next book I was called Are You There Vodkas Me, Chelsea. And, and that was a book about drinking and drug use. That's The first book I Ever read. And being Recreationally, I guess like, like the first book I Ever that wast assigned to you for school. Yes. And that was another subject matter that everyone said, no one's gonna wanna buy this. No one's gonna, but after the success of my first book, then I had a publishing house here say, okay, we're gonna pay you a lot of money to write this book. And that was about a subject matter that everyone told me not to talk about drinking, whatever.


No one wants to hear about women doing that. So this is two experiences where I've talked about things that were not supposed to be talked about. Right. And there are huge successes. Then the most recent thing was not having children. Right. No one was talking about that really in a big way. Like years ago. I started talking about that and being loud about it. And people were like, oh, you hate children. I don't hate children. Anyone who reads my book knows how many children I have in my life. Anyone who really knows me knows how many children I have in my life. How many people's children, not just my nieces and nephews, other people's children. Like I care about the children of our world. I think all children are everyone's children when you're writing anything. My point being is that I've been told over and over again not to do these things, not to talk about these things that it's gonna impact my career.


I have been making a living, doing this for over 25 years. I have three homes. I have so many beautiful friends and families. I do whatever the fuck I want. Nobody tells me what to do in my standup, my specials, my podcast, my books. I do everything myself, And I do what I wanna do. So when you are truly authentically who you are, you will get rewarded for your authenticity. So I cannot express that enough to anyone who's listening, who is a creative. And even if you're not a creative, you have to be authentically who you are regardless of what anyone says. And you will have success. That is it.


There You go. That's why I've always loved you. Yeah. You, I, I really like, because I do, I, I experienced the same similar things where I've always been like too authentic. You know what I mean? And what I say and how I ever started making a living and doing this was doing storytime videos, telling stories from my life and being so incredibly vulgar and talking about all of those things. And I think that if I hadn't grown up on Chelsea lately and grown up on you, I would've been so much more fearful to be as authentic as I have been. And this industry hates that, you know? Yeah. And it's, Yeah, because they're not writing your story for you, you're writing your own story. But there's so much more power in that than being someone who's placed in a cast, who's a supporting character in a role or in a movie or something.


You have your own like, avenue to drive down. So there is so much power in that, you know, I don't have to go and do anything I don't wanna do because I've made my lane and nobody can really knock me down because I'm good at it. I'm just being myself. You Are the best at It. So Thank you. Yeah. But I mean, I, it's not like I'm arrogant about it. I'm confident about it because I'm capable And I understand that the most authentic I've ever been has yielded the best rewards. So I just go always for authenticity. And that's clearly what you're already doing. So your book is gonna be successful. You just have to be true about who you are. And that's it. It's as easy as that.


And share whatever you're thinking. Should I share this? Should I not share it? Do you ever get the, I mean, I'm sure you do, but the lit, I mean, I don't know if you do actually the, the little bits of anxiety of like, I'm fucking exposing so many people. Or I mean, even when you give people the fake names, knowing that people are just maybe gonna know who the people are anyhow. Well, There's a line there. You have to protect private people. You do, because it's not, it's not legal. Like they can sue you. So it's libelous. So you, you do have to protect. And in my book, I've even had to protect some people because there's certain stories in there that aren't flattering about ex friendships. And I've changed the arc of who they are. Like, and not the arc of who they are. I've changed the details about who they are.


I've changed the, the geography of who they are, the sex. And you know, like you just do that. What if you change everything and people still find it out? I mean, you're telling the truth, right? Well, that's what I'm concerned about. Ooh. The people you're talking About. Because I've been very public about my life. Right. To where even if I were to change people, I think people would still put two and two together. Well, That's okay, as long as you're not making it clear to the reader exactly who the person is that you're talking about. Even if you've been, like, your editor will guide you on these things and they will tell you, like, you know, you do a whole legal call with lawyers and everything, and you go through every character. Is this a real person? What is true? What are the similar facts? Like there's enough to change, even if you've been vocal. I mean, there are some things that might be off limits.


Just be who you are. You don't have to bury other people all the time. But you, you have to be who you are. You have to be true to your story. And regardless of what you've said in the past, when you're writing it down it, that's more permanent. Do you know what I mean? Yes. Like, that's right. So there are ways to just kind of Dance around It, dance around who the people are and to kind of give anonymity to private citizens. They, they want. Apparently we've struggled with that a little bit where it's, you said it like, it's not always, it's your story, but like it also belongs to somebody else. Yeah. Yeah. Like we struggle with that. Like obviously we wanna tell every crazy, horrible story ever. Right? Of course, of course. I mean, I, yes, I even, I have some stories I have to keep to myself that I wanna shit Such good content.


I can't imagine. It's so funny thinking about the things that, even the Andrew Cuomo thing, I was like, there's no fucking way She's saying this. Yeah. How'd right now? How'd get that weird? Like, that was, yeah. How did Public, 'cause he's a public person. Okay. He's a public Person. So public people. So I can shit on celebrities. It is a different set of rules. Yes. If you had a bad experience with some celebrity and you wanted to call them out, you can do that because they're public. So private citizens have more pri you know, more laws protecting them. So that's, that's so interesting. Yeah, it is. So that's why you have to disguise private people and you know, you can expose others. In my book, I've exposed like a bunch of people, famous people, Woody Allen, I mean Woody Allen, bill Cosby. That's so funny. They were your idols.


It just like, Really bad lineup. Seriously. That was my bad taste in man. But I don't have any bad taste in men anymore. Where Do you do your best writing? Like what does that look like? For me, I've noticed it's on a plane and I've literally debated to finish this book, just flying back and forth from London. And just Like, just, I, I do a lot of writing on planes. I get, I get a, yeah. But I also do a lot of writings. Like, I don't know, I, I, I don't have like a regimen. I just kind of, I don't ever put pressure on myself. When I wanna write, I write. And then when you write, you write more like, you know, Like I'll say for a week, okay, every morning get up and write two hours for one week. And then on the fifth day you wanna write, even though you don't have to, you know, like, you're like, oh, okay, I'll go do that. And the more you write, the more you wanna write.


And so you get yourself into the zone. And then, then you get into like the flow state and then you're like, oh, I love it. Then you're looking forward to writing and then you come home and you're like, oh, I know something I could put in that story and here's a detail I forgot and here's a person that was there. And this is a funny piece of dialogue. And then it just becomes kind of addictive. And, and the creativity is like, ooh, you know, you're, you got your juices flowing. Do you feel like authors get better or worse as time goes on? 'cause like, sometimes I'm Like, I don't wanna read like a book later on. 'cause I'm like, they ran out of all their good ideas. No, I think writing gets better. You think so? Yeah. I definitely think you get better. I've definitely gotten to be a better writer. Okay. Before I was like, like it was just jokey, jokey, joking. Now there's introspection, there's depth, there's reflection.


I think you get you, it's like you get better with age. You just do, you have more experience, you have more wisdom, you have more to share and you understand people and you have more empathy. I never gave a shit about what anybody else was feeling or going through. I'd be Like, I had sympathy, but I was Like, I didn't ever imagined what it would be like to be a person who was going through a hard time. So when you, as you age, you pick up all of these like tools, you know, so you get stronger and you're like, you know, it's sexier. Like you have more to say and you have more confidence in your own, in your in, in your capability. So you do get better. It's not just about the ideas, it's about, you know, like becoming more Yeah.


And more and more authentic with Personal growth. I feel like this is your best book almost. Thank you. It is crazy how much I've always really loved Life will be the death of me though. Oh. Like it's, that one Is, yeah. Thank you. That one is so good. It's just, they're both my favorite. But I did find myself crying a lot across this book. Like really? And I don't know what it actually is. I need to see a therapist in this one. But the, the oopsy poopy of it all had me sobbing. 'cause it's before this book. One of my major questions, because you have been so vocal, especially across these past few years, about you not wanting to have kids. And I do feel like it maybe was publicly perceived more so as like a disdain for kids.


Yes. And so I was gonna kind of ask you, you know, have you like even just finding out Joe Coy has a son and just, I was Like, I was gonna ask you about how I felt when I found out he had a son. Right. About dating people with children. And then you go into that, all of that in this book and it, I don't know, it just humanizes you in such a different light. And it's cool. Thank you. It's, it's just, it's really cool. I don't know. Well, We talked about it Yeah. Before you came. But like, oopsie poopy and wooy was like a major takeaway for me too. 'cause I Like, I was sobbing too much though, to an embarrassing fucking point about it. Like, well, it, She And I both grew up like in very like, neglectful homes And I, Like, I didn't have anyone step in as such, like a large figure. But Like, I had smaller people come in here and there that were like very impactful for me.


And I feel like you were that for them. Like Yeah, I just, in Little ways, Like I, you know, like friends' parents who would like jump in when mine wouldn't, it was so like, valuable to me. And so I read it And I was like, how special? Like, yeah. I mean, it's really important for people to be seen, right? It's really important for children to be seen. I had someone like that in my life. My third grade teacher, her name was Mrs. Zeman. And she would always say like, you're so special. You're gonna do something really special. You're gonna impact so many lives. And I believed her, you know? And my family knew Like, I was gonna do something too. But it was nice to hear it from an outside source that didn't really have anything invested in me. You know? And, And I think every child needs to hear that they're special and that they have something that no one else has, regardless of what that talent is.


You know, you're, we're there to provide that for children. And I take, I take my parenting pretty seriously. Like, you know, Like, I want everyone to feel seen. I don't want people to feel like shit. Right. I want people, I want our girls to be confident young girls. And I want people to feel self-assured. And I, I don't want everyone to feel so insecure. I hate that. But God, you are just selling me on the no kids thing. It's so nice to clock into the stepdad role and then clock out and fuck off. Totally. Like it's, oh my God, it's wild. Every time I listen to you talk about it too much, I'm like, wait, I just, yeah. Take the whole uterus out. Throw it away. Yeah. Yeah. But first get an ablation. Yeah. We're gonna talk about ablations.


I wanna do a PSA for women who are listening who don't want children who are sure that they don't want children. There are abl You could, I don't, I don't know anyone who wants their period when they're not planning on having a child. I got an ablation, my sister told me she got an ablation like five years ago. And I was like, what's that? And she said, oh, they go in and scorch your uterus. So your uterine lining, just, they so it stopped shedding. Yeah. So they basically like, Like cauterizing it almost. Yeah. Like they fill up your uterus with hot water so that it kills all of like the uterine lining. You don't feel anything. It's a 15 minute procedure. And I was like, wait, what? And she's like, yeah, And I won't get it. 'cause she had bad periods. And I was like, oh, well I want that. And she's like, but you don't have bad periods. I'm Like, I don't want a period at all, At All. I, I need my period. It's a pain in my ass.


I woke up like the movie Carrie this morning. Yeah. It's, you know, it's everything. It's So unfair that we have to do that and that we like, and that you have a tampon in sideways right now. Like so Sideways, Chelsea. That, that is Sad. Giving my horizontal tampon. Yeah. You my horizon. That's what your name of your book should be. My horizontal tampon. And I was like, oh my God. I called my gynecologist And I was Like, I want an ablation. And I just found out about an ablation. I want one. And she said that they're not really elective. I go, yeah, yeah, They are. Yeah, they are now. They're now. And I'm getting one. And if you don't gimme one, I'll go get one somewhere else. I will get a blowtorch And The Xanax and a Dream. Yeah. Cosby's basement. Oh Yeah. I'll go to Bill Cosby's basement and gimme an ablation. And he did. And I, And I got one and it was the best thing I've ever, so I don't get a period.


Oh, how lucky. So 99% of women never get their period again after. And but you, you also, you reduce it. You can't have children if you get this. So like, you have to know that you don't want children. Just know that that is something. 'cause your doctors will not tell you about it. You're the First person I've ever heard talk about it. Well, I thought it was hysterectomy. Like delete the whole thing. Hold it in your hands. Uterus. I had no, yeah, no, we don't talk about the ablations enough. And honestly, I love delete. I love it. You just command Z, throw it in the trash can delete it. Whatever. I said command ZI know you hate electronics. You're like, what the fuck is she? Is she saying No? I like command Z. I'm okay with that. I love your hatred for Sonos, by the way. Because whoever did make Sonos Hates wants, Wants me dead. Yes. They want me to kill myself with a Sonos speaker.


100. Fucking, it's, I'm so sick of Sonos. And where's Sonos competitor? Where's that fucking person? Hello? Can we get some competition out there? They Made that app with their eyes closed. Like I, it's bad. It's really bad. It turns on and off at random. My, my Sonos will turn on, I will turn on Sonos here at my house in LA and it will go on in my house in Whistle. That's how fucked up Sonos is. I'm Like, I couldn't For this conversation, I cannot. But it's just all El electronics. You're gonna have multiple houses one day too. Oh, Thank You. That's so nice. I couldn't agree more though. The electronics of it all. In my dream world, I would just hire like a geek squad to be from Best Buy to be in my house at all times. I had that. And be careful what you wish for.


I had a man who was like my AV guy that was at my house. So at my old house so often that I finally had to say to him, this isn't like normal. Like let's get, I had a whole, you know, room filled with AV equipment and he was over there all the time. And he said, I think it's good that we're spending this time together. And I looked at him and went, wait, wait, wait, wait. What For An AV guy, I don't want to be spending time with you. This is not a relationship. You are working here for my fucking AV system. Did You ever give him some LSD? I feel like that's something do. Probably you do. I've given everybody that works for me. LSD or Ozempic, whatever they want. It's like dealer's choice. Well, I like that you do it all.


It's like you could give me some LSD, you could shoot up my ozempic. Yeah. You might give me an ablation on this table with Right, right. I could definitely give A blowtorch. Right. I trust you with my mind. I just like the word ablation even. I do too. It's euphonious it rolls right off the Top. Yes. Oh, look at you go, ugh, the way you use a word too. I'm always using words wrong. Chelsea. You know the one word? It was in the, one of the chapters, the title of one of the chapters. I'm Like, I have to ask her what that even means. But of course, I don't remember. Was it municipal or what was the word? Was it that S No, it was, no, it was, it started Magnificent. Yes. Magnificent. It means generous. Yes. Very generous. I Had to Google that one today. And then I still said municipal like That we're learning together. That's great. Now have fun. But I, you make it seem so attainable, which I love too.


You're like, listen, I didn't go to college. I just like to fucking read books. And now I know sports College And I know nothing. Yeah, it's, no, it's, yeah. Yeah. You make me feel Like I can do it too. You can, you know. Absolutely. Which You always have. And it's, it's beautiful. Yeah. I was gonna ask you back to your house, are you in your current house? No. Or wait, I was, this House is a disaster. Well, your Architectural Digest is my favorite. I've literally ever seen Is that the house you're in now? No, I have a new house. I love that you just buy houses like their lattes though. I, well, yeah. Yeah. Why Not? No, it's, it's, and just, well, I know the financial advisors of it all. Like, it's, It's, oh, my financial advisors. I mean, you should hear our conversation. I'm so, I'm so mean to mine. I don't mean to be, she's this nice old woman and all she wants is to talk numbers, but it makes me wanna Kill myself.


I always say, I'm like, listen, I appreciate that you're doing a job, but please don't talk to me about my finances again, unless there's an emergency. Like, I don't wanna know about it. Everything's gonna be fine. Like, we're gonna be fine. They're like, your savings, you're not saving, you're spending, you're spending. I'm like, because I'm alive and it's still coming. We're all gonna die soon. You know, the world's probably gonna blow up And I wanna have a good time And I will have a good time. And I'm not gonna be cheap. I'm not ever gonna do that. So deal with it. That makes me feel so much better about all the stupid shit that I do. It's like, because I have always lived with that too, where I'm like, I'll work and I'll figure it out. I don't know it, I don't know if that comes with just doing everything on your own. 'cause you're able to get this far and it's like, it, it almost creates this sense of delusion where it's Like, I fucking did this.


Like I'm, you know? Yeah. But it's also not delusional because it's like, we are doing it. I did do it myself. I didn't know anyone in Hollywood. I moved when I moved here. Yeah. I was white and pretty, so I had an advantage. And I, Like, I came from like a middle class household, so I wasn't, you know, ever living on the street or anything. But I didn't know anyone. I, I lived with my aunt and uncle who were not in the business. They owned a furniture store. And I just started hustling, you know? And I worked really hard and Like I did, I, Like, I didn't know what I was gonna do at first. I was Like, I'll be a model. And then I was like, oh God, I'm not gonna fucking starve myself. You know, these kids are so skinny. I like bagels. I'm a Jew. And then I was like, oh, maybe I'll be an actor. And then I was like, oh, I don't know if I'm good at that.


You know, reading other people's lines. I wanna say what I wanna say. Oh, I couldn't agree more. So it's like, it's nice to know that you can do that. Anyone can do whatever they want. If you have the right motivation and you're ambitious and you really are like ready to work hard, of course you're gonna be successful. You just have to really believe in yourself, especially if you want other people to believe in you. You have to believe in yourself. Ugh, I needed it. Damn Chelsea. I Like, I do feel like I'm at church. You have done. And so now, I mean, just like, what's, what's next for you? What does this next chapter look Like? I'm gonna do something surprising this year for my 50th. I'm gonna do some acting And I can't talk. I'm Gonna ski with clothes on. I'm gonna ski with clothes on. As soon as I get back to Whistler. I can't wait to get back to Whistler, first of all. And see my big black dog, Doug.


Ugh. He's so majestic. This dog. I finally have a black man in my bed every night who doesn't fucking talk. You know? I mean, it's a dream. I'm gonna do something. I can't announce the project yet, but I'm gonna be doing some acting this year and it's gonna be really entertaining. I wonder what role has to come across your desk for you to be so willing to be Like, I'm not gonna be Chelsea for this. It's pretty funny and it's great. And it, it's, and it's something everyone will know. Like, they will see it and be like, oh my God, this is perfect. I am so excited for you. That's crazy. I wish I could talk about it, but I can't. Yeah, Well, I mean, just, damn, you have, you've done it fucking all. I mean, we just found out that you've done, you did 1,074 episodes of Chelsea lately.


God Did I really? We we, How much Adderall In seven years we've Had Cancelled never, I never take Adderall. That's not my drug. Like, but no stimulants to get through that. No, I'm stimulated. You know what I mean? I don't even drink coffee. I'm not a stimulant person. That's amazing. Like, I've done Coke and all of that stuff, but like, that's not my drug. My drug is Like, I like to just things that make you happy. Of course. Yeah. But yeah, no, I didn't. No, I I was never into Adderall. I was never, I'm n I'm not a coffee drinker. I'm up when I wake up. It's going. That's Crazy though. Just a thousand fucking seven. What Did I was gonna say, we, we've had Cancelled for three years. We've done like a hundred episodes tops.


You had seven years of Chelsea lately. Over a thousand episodes. That's An interesting contract you have? No, well, 'cause I have to do 48 episodes of my dear Chelsea every year. We're Supposed to as well. We'll, I mean, I don't have to, but I, I mean I do. We're I mean, that's what they ask for. We Have 52 episodes of year a year we're supposed to put out. Oh, oh, I see. I see what you're doing. I'm a little slow with it. I need to be a little Quicker. That's Okay. I'm trying to see the eyes. Well, I see the dumbest fucking shit today. I'm on my best behavior. I'm sedated And I'm listening. I'm listening. Right. You know, Chelsea handler's talking. You're listening. I Tell And I'm, I don't need to be funny. I don't need to be anything in today's episode. Yeah. This is gospel, you know, but normally I am saying the most offensive shit ever. So the editing process just, I feel so sorry for my editors And I, all of these people who have, They should just let this go.


I mean, what was the edit in this conversation? And This is fine. This is Normally, but usually it's a hot mess. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying. And then it goes out after the edits and we still get in so much trouble. So offensive. But it's, you can't really care, I guess. You know, I have an offensive sense of Humor. Yeah. I think you've embraced your offensiveness, so that's okay. As long as you're aware of it. I'm just on the right side of, you know, history, you know? Yeah, right. So like, good offensive, not bad offensive, but oh my God, I, I could ask you questions all day. I, this is, this is just so surreal. I mean, I've always had a such a fear of meeting my idols And I avoided at all costs.


You Should have a fear of meeting your oil idols. Yes. I've met a lot of people that were disappointing, but I've also met a lot of nice surprises. Yeah. And this is like the loveliest surprise in the world. I eventually, I prepared so much for this, right? Like, so many questions written. I, I watched everything that I felt Like I hadn't watched. 'cause I was like, how embarrassing if I'm like, I'm her super fan and then she asks a question And I don't know the thing, and then I have to end my own life later tonight. You know? And it's so, I did as much research as possible and it's just like, now that you're here, it, it's just, it's so wild. It's, Ugh. We're very grateful. She Just headbutted herself into the microphone. She just went, I'm gonna need a second nose off. It's Gonna be ash. We a permanent ash Wednesday on your forehead.


I used to get those when I masturbated when I was a little girl, which you can see in my special me talking about, I know what I used to masturbate on the, not the the swing set, but on the bar, the bars in between the swing sets that would hold up the swing set Before you got here. I literally said I had such a specific experience when I was younger. I was probably in first grade sliding down the little pole. I literally remember being like, like, what was that? Yeah. What was it? Was that So watching your special, I was like, oh my God. And also, you know what's so great about childhood masturbation is that when you wear, 'cause you want traction, you don't want to just have your beaver out. You know what I mean? You don't know anything about your beaver at that point. It's not even a beaver yet. Right. Just a baby beaver. And you when, so the thicker the gene or like the thicker the denim, the more traction you can get against a wall corner against like, you know, some instruments and Right.


Or like a ladle Denim is better. We all definitely fucked household items and You, but you're, you're rubbing it on top of your jeans. Like, that's what people don't understand about childhood masturbation. We're not, we're not really like, we're not finger blasting. Yeah. We're not all up in, I'm Still doing that though. Like sometimes, well, we joke about like the thera gun being like the, well, I joke about it. I shouldn't say we thera gun being like a, honestly like a usable vibrator in a pinch. But you have to have layers. I Love a good layer. Masturbation. The Thera gun is a violin masturbation. That's What, that's where like a good blanket comes in. Yeah. Yeah. You need, Like I've Said to Mar can already Tell over here. No, I've definitely used things that were meant for your face, like vibration, you know, like skin tighteners things to masturbate before, like you're not the only In a bind.


We've all fucked household items. Right. You know, and it's an important part of life. I remember I did as a kid, I love the TV remote because, you know what I mean? Rub that On your jeans. There's so many things to use. This microphone could be an appliance that you would rub outside. I never insert stuff when I masturbate. I'm not inserting things inside myself. I'm masturbating like my, my clitoris. Like I, I Agree that that orgasm. I think if you can come from only penetration though. Like what? The what? That's not a Real thing. No, I don't a lot. And that's a made up lie That happens to me like twice in my life. That's A myth. Well, I don't think it's a myth. I, there are some, I'm, there are a lot of girls out there that can do that. I mean, from what I hear, there's a lot of people, I'm just jealous that they can do it.


And then there's another there. I had a friend in Myorca and she goes, oh yeah, she said she was aqui. And I said, what? Isn't That just Peeing? Is that not peeing? Am I wrong? I don't think it's, it's not urine. It's oh juice. Wow. It's Like, I never seen it. Yeah, it's like pussy juice. Oh, it's coming out and at, at like, at like, but I've Had people say they drank like blue Powerade and then it came out kind of blue. Who were those people? Wait, I'm worried about that girl. It Was Tricia badass. Oh. Which I guess We used to have masturbating parties when I was like nine years old.


See, I Might have one of those now. Yeah. We'd Go over and face down. We'd be on our jeans and like, and then you'd be Like, I, you know, you'd like get rubber, a sweat on your forehead from like, just hitting, hitting the carpet so hard. I remember I used to like hide behind an ottoman at my parents' house. Like before they, everyone else came home from school. And I'd be like, just in case anyone saw me, my like whole body would be covered, you know? So they couldn't see me like dry humping the floor. Of Course. And then, then someone come in And I'd be like, oh hi. You know, like that. And Then you got caught at that Thanksgiving? Yeah, I did. Which Is so fucking funny. That lale, that whole bit was so fucking Yeah. That was really humili Humiliating. And then I didn't masturbate for like Nine to 47 you Said? Yeah. No, nine to fifth 40 probably. Yeah. You know what Is that actually True?


47? Yeah. I didn't masturbate. I thought masturbating. I was like, who's got time to masturbate? You know, I'm either out or I'm sleeping. Yeah. It Took me really, I didn't like discover it until later in life And I was like, oh my God, I cannot believe I've deprived myself this way. Yeah. It's nice to Mess. I didn't understand. I've Just, now I understand that it's, Well, I was so young and also I was hooking up with like frat guys, so like nothing was happening there either. Yeah. So it's like just a rough time. Honestly. I just, I, if you came in literally told me to go fuck myself and stop stalking you, you fuck it and then walked out. That would've been good enough for me. I love you. Stop it. Stop it with that. I just over That's in your head. That's Over. I know, but That's the past. Now we're in the present. You just, yeah. She's Our friend. And guess what's next? The future Me on Xanax.


I'm like, huh. She's tonight reflecting. I know. I, this is gonna feel like a complete and utter fever dream And I just can't Thank you enough. No, we'll see each other again. We're friends now. We'll see each other again. And I Would love to be funny with you as well. I think I had to just get This. Yes, of course. I get it. I'm listen, I know all about it. Yes. And just meet you and make this a real thing. And I can't Thank you enough for doing it. And everything that you are have released right now is so amazing. I think our viewers will just naturally go and read it and watch it. But they need to, it's so amazing and I'm so excited for you in your Antarctica adventures and acting. And I was gonna ask you about the new man too. I wanted to hear about that. Although there's a couple of men rolling around, so I'll let you know like in on a personal front at some point when I have something to report, there's a couple men lingering.


Yeah. On Call Her Daddy. I I was watching it and you made it seem like there was one And I was like, yeah, there was. And then I started doing press for this and then Oh, rip. And that's not gonna work out. And I, I, I started telling everyone how many lovers I wanted. Yeah, that's, And I was like, oh yeah, I have someone but I also want other lovers. And he's like, why? I'm like, why are you listening to call her daddy? Like Yeah, don't be weird. I didn't know you listened to that And I didn't think it would get back to you. You live all the way in Canada. Like it's the most foreign Place, but I don't that, you know what I mean? Right. Like, okay, you're cut. Delete. Well we have so appreciated you coming. Thank you girls. This was really fun. I love, I'm really glad I came. I'm psyched that I got to meet you.


I Forgot to show you what I carry around. Are you aware? Oh my God. That you sell. Oh then you can go, you can actually go at any point. Yeah. You almost got dismissed. But Do you know that you sell mini books, Chelsea? That if you go online, oh God. She got your book as a Christmas gift, but it accidentally came this way. That's my ex-boyfriend who owns the Chateau Marmont. Really? No Way. How did I belong? How much cocaine were you doing in that era? A lot. Yeah, totally. And it Doesn't really say mini that boldly on Amazon. It's kind of just like you ordered the book, Got the real book and then what's in there That can't be the book. Book it like, is the book like there's some of the book in there.


I said, what the fuck is this? That's so funny. Oh my God. It gets, I think it's chapter one. Maybe. I'm not sure. Maybe That's because I talk about little nuggets. I Dunno How true I Anything that's a nugget size. I love anything that's miniature, you know, ginger rail. I like the little bottles. We love 'em. Any moment. Yeah, it's, it's honestly really cute. I'm happy. I'm happy it happened. Okay, we have to wrap up. I have Chelsea go. We love you. Go to the poll lounge. I love Okay, Cancelled.