(0s):
It's time to play big on Moto Social Casino. America's hottest free to play social casino experience. Moto US has live casino games. It's time play big, win bigger on Moto Us. Today, Moto Is a social casino, no purchase necessary. Boy, were prohibited. Visit Moto us for more details. It's time.

(25s):
Hello Joe. US Black Friday in Primavera, the Home Depot in Con in the Home Depot in Ra ro de in the Home Depot. Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast Podcast.

(1m 5s):
Enough. I know it's so, it's so out of control. The girls who get it, I Thank you, but it's, it's brutal. Hi. Hey, how are you? Chicken? I am better than ever. How are You? I'm also better than ever. I'm having a great day. We just, it's so funny that we, I mean you, especially like you made a Coachella collection with White Fox. Right. And like me too. I just never thought in a million years I wouldn't be going to Coachella. And we just went to like a Coachella gifting suite took corsets and like we're gonna wear them on tour. We're not going to Coachella. I know. Have you, has the FOMO set in for you at All? Okay. I'm not gonna lie to you. I've been doing really good. I've been really strong. I had to decide that I was going to treat myself with something for opting out of it.

(1m 49s):
And I decided that, and you kind of inspired me. You know, you said Bluff cell, right? Oh yeah, we'll get to that and we'll get into that. But I, I decided I'm gonna get myself a couch instead of Coachella. So I just keep, I keep Envi couch cell, if you will. I keep envisioning myself on this couch And I'm like, this is so good. It's a lifelong piece. Like, you're gonna, you're gonna get this couch. It costs the same, it's whatever. Right. And then today I was, you And I filmed a YouTube video with your white Fox collection doing like a little hall And I was editing it. So I'm already kind of in the mindset just looking at these outfits, whatever Mario Sellman comes over and he's like, the tale is old this time of me being sorry, of me being a Bloomingdale's.

(2m 31s):
Like everyone just comes over and steals outfits for whatever they need. So Mario has a full rolling rack in my closet, and he's grabbing things from sections as if we're at Nordstrom and he is like putting together all and Mario's a girl, right? Like maxi skirts and corsets galore. Yeah. If you will. Yes. And as I'm seeing Mario in all these pieces that like if I were going to Coachella, Like I would wear that belt, you know, and then I'm like, oh my God, this is like my Attica boots were out to play, you know? And I was like, oh my God, I'm so sad. And then, then we go to this gifting suite and like all the girls there, like, you're gonna go, you have to go. Like, I'm so ready for Coachella. And I'm like, oh my God. Well, Coachella is always gonna be there. And what's stopping you from wearing that maxi skirt in those chaps?

(3m 15s):
I mean, like, you, you have Coachella right now in the studio. That's true. That is true. Literally even today, getting dressed for this gifting suite, I feel like normally when I'm going to Coachella, I'm like so invested in those outfits and like tired that I'll show up to these gifting suites and like sweatpants. But then today I was like, I'm gonna dress like I'm at Coachella 'cause I can't go. And it's, it's my favorite thing in the world. And I'm like really sad. It's my favorite thing in the world too. But it's, Like I said, it's always gonna be there. And also there are so many festivals now that like, we can go to Lollapalooza, we could go to oga, we could Go to I know Outside Lands or something. I don't even know where that is. Nothing is the same as Coachella though. I don't know how to explain that. Like the, the air is different. The time of year is different. The drama, the things you witness. I was just, have I ever told the Revy like Charlie Sheen story on Cancelled?

(3m 57s):
I think I have. I think you have. But Like I, I know I've heard it. I just don't know. I, I can't remember. Oh, you have told her un Cancelled. Yeah, We lost Revy at Coachella and we found her with Charlie Sheen and he was like helping her look for her phone. And it was the craziest moment of my life And I was just telling that story 'cause the white Fox girls were asking like, craziest thing I've seen at Coachella. And that was the first thing that came to mind. And I was like, oh my God. Like the lore gather. Like I just feel like people lose all sense of who they are when they go to Coachella. People go balls to the wall. They do you get stories for years from like, literally one single weekend. I I do miss it. I'm, I'm trying, like you said, I'm like kind of trying to talk myself down from it. I'm like, no, no, no. Like it's gonna be fine. Like, it's not even gonna be fun.

(4m 37s):
I will say like, you know, when you like, when you can't go to something so you want like no one else to be able to go to it. Oh my God. I've been telling everyone it's the worst thing in the world. I've been telling people that like, that's what's happening right now. I'm like, like, and thankfully like I'm getting more people telling me like, oh, I'm not going this year than Like, I, I even thought so. I'm like, oh, perfect. Like none of it, nobody's going. I Agree with that. This is the most I've ever had. Like where like so many of my friends aren't going. So it does make me like feel better. And maybe that is just like getting older and stuff, but it's like, oh my God, I just, I'm gonna really struggling this week. We're gaga. I know. And I love Lady Gaga And I love Post Malone. Ed Sheeran, post Malone. Ed Sheeran too now. And I love Ed Sheeran darling And I The shade Of You.

(5m 19s):
Like how would you, the clip of Jake, she, When your legs don't work like they used to before. That's my favorite thing in the world. It's mine too. He Gets the best clips. We gotta be funnier. I just, yeah, I'm always struggling With that. He's funnier friends than us too. I'm Adderall out today, so I'm a little robotic and it's just been a day already. I had to fire a security guard of mine today. Oh. Do you wanna tell that story in the World? No, I'm not gonna tell the story on the pod, but just men everywhere are disgusting. And I was like shaking seething, throwing up today just at a reminder. It's just like every time you start to gain hope for the male race, one guy does some ass shit and it's like, oh, yep, there it is.

(6m 6s):
You know? One step forward, three steps back. Truly. My Olivia said it's Just fucking crazy. Like I really, I'm always finding myself in a situation where I'm employing someone and then they are doing the most diabolical shit on the job. And it's like, do I just have like scam me across my forehead or do you think it's permanent karma for like anacon? No, I think It has something to do with like, kind of like the nature of what you do. I feel like people assume like, not that like what you do is unserious, but I feel like, like you would assume like working for like rob deer deck or something. You would think like you have like more, I don't know why I feel Like I just, I like, No, I get it. Im running like a comfortable, but like it whorehouse fantasy factory and then they see the, I get what you're saying.

(6m 50s):
Like people see my demeanor so then They don't think they have to like show up in the same way that they would for like Someone more serious. They don't think I'm Michelle Obama. Yeah. And it's so crazy that the only way a lot of times, especially when hiring men, that people take me seriously as their boss is when I'm a fucking bitch. And it's like, I'm not, you know, me, I'm just not a bitch by nature. Like I to, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I just wanted to make a joke. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Especially Like, I am overly kind. I go above and beyond for the people who work for me. I will never, like, I'm, you're never catching me with some deur allegations. Right. Like I am, you know what I mean? And it's just Like, I don't know, I'm just discouraged today. Yeah.

(7m 30s):
I'm sorry. That sucks. Like, it sucks that a crazy woman can't always be a boss without being a bitch. Well it just sucks. Like when you, you obviously you don't wanna be put in that position. So it's Like, I get frustrated when it's like, why are, Like, I hate doing that. Why are you making me do this? No, I don't Wanna be. Exactly. And it, it's just, yeah, I just caught this guy doing some really scary shit to some of the women in my life who live with me or come around or whatever. And I was like, no. And it's, it just like rubs me so the wrong way too, where it's like, you're not doing that to me. So you think you can get away with, I'll kill for the women that I love, you know? And it's like, not not at my house, not at my fucking property.

(8m 10s):
What the fuck do you, oh My God. It's horrible. But I'm happy you laid down the law and no one's gonna do it to you again or those alike. So it's just funny because, well, I mean, I don't know if I should say this, but it was a, a security. Did I say that? Yeah, you did. The job is just kind of like, show up with gun, sit outside, be very scary. Well, not only that, but the job is keep us safe. Yeah. Don't make us feel unsafe. Oh yeah. Well don't even get me started with that, but I'm just saying, sometimes you get some, you get some characters. Right. And like, we've had this happen more often than not where like, they'll be the security guards 'cause they're, they're there 12 hours a day and then they switch and then someone else comes. So then it's like every Monday, Wednesday and Friday I see this same guy and they come in the house to use the bathroom and they order their food and you know what I mean?

(8m 53s):
Whatever. And they'll like all of a sudden just wanna be besties or like, Hey, can I go down the street for some food? No. Like, Yeah. See that's what I'm saying. Oh, you better overeat. Like it's too lax. Yeah. And I'm like, well what do you mean? Like you're, I don't know. That's how people get robbed. Yeah. And it's just, I'm like upping my security once again. I'm Like, I want my house on some Fort Knox shit. This world is a scary place. So it's Like I love living in a building. For this reason

(9m 17s):
The Great Rewards hunt is on. So join the adventure with DraftKings Casino for fun seekers follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses and exclusive games. Plus New players can get their losses back up to $1,000 in Casino Credits on their first day. Just sign up with Code Cancelled and start playing to get up to $1,000 in Casino Credits. Back with a minimum $5 net loss Only on DraftKings Casino. The Crown Is Yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER In Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only Lossback for 24 hours. Up to 1000 in non withdrawal casino credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos.

(10m 15s):
Modo us Visit modo.us for the best free place Social casino experience. Wherever you are, Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them. These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at Mo, do us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details. Hello. Do us,

(10m 44s):
I had a little bit of a Karen moment recently And I know that might shock a lot, but okay, listen to me. I've already been kind of having Like, I don't wanna say issues with my building, but Like, I don't like the way that my building is run in some ways. For example, my favorite concierge got fired and he was an angel. He was outstanding. He was like, he was literally so good at his job and the reason he got fired was for showing someone footage of their car getting robbed and like, because you know, the high, like it's a liability and they don't want like, for legal reasons, like the person who got robbed to be able to see the video or something like that. But he got fired over that and so I've been like, no, that's brutal.

(11m 26s):
Exactly. And so I've been like stomping my feet around. That's the Worst. Anywhere when you have like a favorite employee anywhere that you're a regular at, especially where you live and like someone gets fired. Kind of wrong. Alia. And I've been having issues, issues in my hallway that I really can't get into because Trash gates. Yeah. I have some neighbors who are just like really just getting too comfortable in my hallway And I Like, I hate to be a Karen, but it's like, why do you leave a dresser outside your door every single day? Like they like, and the problem is like, I'm the friendly neighbor of course. I'm like, I Gotta uphold your reputation. I feel like I'm getting taken advantage of.

(12m 6s):
But I Was drunk recently. Ooh. And like this, there's another person on my floor or another, I don't know if it's a couple or what, but they have cats. Okay. Ooh. Already a big no no. This is mouse's house. Yes. They have crystallized litter in their litter box Sometimes I just like to get you riled up. I'm like, no tattoos. So They have crystallized litter in their litter box. And I had a situation recently And I, I really don't have to go into it. I actually talked about it briefly on another episode, but I had a crystallized litter situation where there was like some sort of chemical reaction. I don't know what happened. You know when you pee on bleach? Yes. It like makes like chemical gas. Really? Yeah. I like if you like bleach your toilet or something and then you pee on it or something you like die.

(12m 50s):
Have you ever had discharge, like make your black underwear like a different color? Yes. That's universal experience. Okay. So anyway, my cats were peeing in this crystallized litter. It like calcified to the sides of the litter box. It literally destroyed my apartment. I almost had to get a new one. I loved Calcified, So I never used crystallized litter again. Right. And I've been traumatized ever since because I was scraping with my fingernails. This litter box, it was a disaster. You felt like you were mouse? Yeah. Oh, I couldn't even look 'em in the eye for months. So my neighbors are using the same crystallized litter. Okay. Big. No, no, this So This smell to me in some most putrid like it, it tr brings me back there because it was such a traumatizing experience. I'm Like, I immediately, it's like were flashbacks.

(13m 31s):
Yep. So numb. I walk into my trash room a couple weeks ago and when I tell you it is as if they literally brought the litter box in there and just turned it over and poured it on the ground. It's like they, they didn't even try to get in the shoot. Nothing. There's, there's litter everywhere. It's stuck to the wall. That's disgusting. It's On the walls. So I'm like, what the fuck? Like, they, it must've been like a freak accident right? Wrong day after day. It's happened like five times in a row now where I'm like, oh my God. Like it's everywhere. You can't even when you open the shoe, it's like it's all over the handle. It's discu. It's like it's cat piss and shit. Yeah. Clumped Together. Oh, oh my god.

(14m 11s):
Sorry. No, no. Anyway, So I've been frustrated by it and the, the real concern that I have is everybody, we all know Brooke has two cats. So the thought of anybody in this hallway thinking like, oh, Brooke is doing this. Yeah, Brooke is responsible. Yeah. I couldn't handle it. So I got, I I'm like, really Jo, I I didn't really care that much. I'm sorry. Amish Air, just googling something 37 minutes later, I will never not send me like peeing into a toilet containing bleach may cause Wait, I don't, I don't know what it is I'm thinking about. It's like something, something pee on bleach. I don't know. I believe you. It's like pee in the shower or something. I wanna go back to that discharge thing in a second. It's like, does bleach come out of your pussy? We should, but Any zy.

(14m 52s):
So I, I don't Who got the wrath. I had a few drinks. I never drink anymore. So I Like, I'm really feeling confident And I sent this email and the next morning I read it And I was like, oh no. I Love via email though. There is something about using like corporate jargon to tell someone they suck. Like circling back on this, kill yourself. Like There's something nice about sending a strongly worded email. Well it's, I'm like, if you're going to enforce all these rules and be firing people, then you need to evict this person in my hallway. Okay. Because Oh, you wanna read it? I want To, I I need or do you wanna read It? No, you can, you can read it. You just have to read it in my voice. Okay.

(15m 35s):
This is like a Harry Potter book. Ooh. I love the exclamation point already. We won't say his name. Let's say his name is Steven. Hi Steven. I tried finding your personal number but can't find it anywhere. I turned into you towards the end. I already Don't like what you've done with your voice, But I really need help navigating my hallway situation. There is someone else on the floor who has cats, who needs some capital serious, who needs some serious help and it is drastically impacting my quality of life. There are people dying, Kim, in this building. It only started being an issue recently, so I'm assuming they are new residents.

(16m 19s):
But our trash room is so filthy. There is dirty blue kitty litter on the walls. It's all over the ground. It is calcified and caked to the chute. Wow. When you put it this way though, it is on the door handle and the carpet. I can smell it from my apartment. I like that you really gave 'em a visual. Everyone knows I have two cats and, And I am losing sleep over the idea of anyone else in this building thinking that I could possibly be the poop trade poop butcher. Oh, she had some wine. She did the Josh was talking. Not sure if you're a cat person, but the litter they're using is crystallized and you could never describe the scent to someone who hasn't experienced it firsthand.

(17m 5s):
Do, do do Steven. It will ruin your week. That's Right. If it were up to me, I think the residents responsible should be evicted and persecuted to the greatest extent of the law. It has taken everything in me not to tape hate mail to the wall of the trash room. Please. If you care about your residents, which I know you do, help me find those responsible and send them my number so that I can teach them the importance of using a aligner in your litter box. Oh my god, Thank you. PS should get a raise. PPS should get his job back. That's right. I'm imagining this man showing up to work. 8:00 AM exhausted in A row.

(17m 45s):
I sent a follow up, I sent a follow up. Okay, fine. Maybe this was a little dramatic, I admit. But seriously please. They need a warning. So they got a warning and then two days ago it happened again. So I personally that it, it, what that says to me is that Negligence, It, it's negligence, lack of care. And it says authority doesn't matter. And I can now go on my own time and handle this accordingly. The perpetrator, I said poop trade. I actually stole poop trade because in middle school there was somebody who was going to the bathroom and pooping and then smearing it on the walls and we called them the poop trade. Oh. Nobody knew who they were.

(18m 26s):
So what did you, you took this into your own hands. I haven't done anything yet. I'm sorry that was really anti-climactic. No, but I almost think that you have to Well I have to like process of elimination. I have to find out who has cats because also like for example, Like I had a catt tree I was throwing away the other day And I was like, if I knew who poop, the poop trade was and maybe I could go like make friends and be like, Hey, you want this free cat tree by the way, I will literally kill you if you ever go in there without a liner in your litter box ever again. Yeah, it is Kind of crazy Because if they used a liner they could just pick it up, throw it out. But what they're doing is bringing the whole litter box and turning it over and trying to pour it into the shoot. Yeah. That's kind of fucking miserable. It's Like it's their first time you really Have to play. Like it's kind of fun. I I I always imagine apartment living is so fun in these cases where it's like you get to play your own real life game of clue now.

(19m 12s):
Like, you know what I mean? Who done it? Like I like you need Bebe out there in all leopard like meowing and like seeing what's going on.

(19m 22s):
Visit MO do us for the best free play social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@mmo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details.

(19m 45s):
Hello Dobe. You know what Phoebe's doing right now? What? Hooking up with her neighbor. She's hooking up with her upstairs neighbor. And this is a real text she sent me today I think. Neighbor's boss. She said, oh my gosh, I want to prank my neighbor and say he's getting eVic evicted for his loud stomps. She said, can your boyfriend help me make it That the graphics? It's so funny. She just Like, I have a friend in my life right now who is fucking her boss and I'm like these like, that is too far shitting where you sleep is just shitting where you eat, shitting where you eat.

(20m 26s):
It's just, It can be exciting in the moment but then Like I know when the moment's over, I guess I, many a times in my life have let my horniness lead me to horrible decisions. It's bad On the boss Like fucking my nurse. And now, you know, and it's crazy 'cause you still use her. She rescued me the other day because you gave me RSV. Yeah, I get, okay. It's so funny because Ty always gets on me for doing this because like Ty will do something and he'll be like, oh my god, Like I got, I got a whole nother beer, right? And then I'll immediately be Like, I hate when people say whole nother right? And like he'll be like, that's so rude. Like you just gave me the info and you texted me the other day and you were like, you got me sick.

(21m 9s):
Like I'm gonna fucking kill you. I forget what you said. And I almost went on TikTok And I was gonna go on this whole tangent about people who legitimately get angry when someone else got them sick. And then I was like, oh, she wouldn't like that. Like this was angry. You weren't actually angry though. Like it, you just inspired my thought. Angry. First of all, I wasn't angry. I sent her a nice text that said, Hey by the way I did a lab test. This is what we have. You are so manipul. No, I'm Just kidding. Don't go read the, what did I say? What we have is great. Pull it up. She led with, I've never been sicker And I'm blaming you. But then you said, ha ha ha. And I was happy to know that it was immediately diffused. Well, on the very last episode you guys saw Tana is sitting here and she's going, I'm deathly ill. I can't believe I almost called outta work today.

(21m 50s):
I had the longest day I amm. So I've never been, I did get sick, Sick eyes Sick and sobbing my eyes out. And then today I go, sh she had the nerve to take a photo with me and say, Ugh, I'm get away from you're sick. I go, you got me sick. And I, that actually was so not okay. Like Diabolical on my behalf. Like truly 'cause it is. I got you sick. And hopefully now I have the antibodies. Well I, yeah, I I got covid tested 'cause I was scared but no covid, just RSV, which is apparently Like I thought only babies got that, but which Is, it's like a upper respiratory virus. Yeah. So brutal for me and you to have right before Tori. It's like the sickest I've ever been. Like I've, well I got It. I I was recovering from my eyelid surgery. Let's, let's Talk about the lids Eyelid gate.

(22m 30s):
Can I say something? Brooke? Amber? Yes. I will always ride for you. But the way I, I have been bringing up what's going on as if it is happening to me at any chance someone even brings up a hate comment or anything, I go on a full unprovoked tangent as if this is happening to me with what is going on with you right now. I am your biggest supporter and I'm so ready to delve into this conversation because I've been so frustrated for you this past week. Yes. As you guys know, I did get my upper blepharoplasty, my very minor, very unserious eyelid surgery where they take a little piece of your eyelid off.

(23m 13s):
Okay. And I know it sounds listen, I get it. When you explain it to any normal person, it's like, why would you wanna take part of your eyelid off? But it's like, to me it's the same thing as like, why would you wanna break your nose and reshape it and put it back on? You know what I mean? Like why would you wanna take all the fat in your body and move it to your butt? Like all of it sounds ridiculous, but for some reason my eyelids are like way, Well I also, we were talking about it in the car, if your eyelids are bothering you to a point, it's kind of s slightly similar to like getting like a breast reduction because you have back pain. Yeah. You know, if, if you're, if you're trying to put some mascara on your eyelids drooping into your eye, you can't really see all The way, I don't even wanna really reduce it to that. 'cause I like what blepharoplasty is a procedure for people who do have droopy eyelids that like literally do like affect their vision or like affect their quality of life.

(24m 1s):
They can be heavy and stuff. And I did not get it for that reason. I got it for a purely cosmetic reason because I wanted, I wanted less eyelid. What bothers me so much? I think especially being in la I'm not kidding you. I probably know no exaggeration with numbers here. I I know people get a little upset when I get my numbers mixed up. Okay. I still couldn't tell you how far away 12 feet is. However, I would say I probably know like 30 people who have had this surgery in Los Angeles. Like influencers, your favorite influencers, celebrities. I mean, Kendall Jenner has an upper blepharoplasty. Kylie Jenner, Taylor Swift has one. Emma Stone, Meghan Fox, everybody.

(24m 41s):
I mean, not everybody, like people Get bluffs removed. Like people get haircuts in Los Angeles. They really fucking do. And I, and That's not to say that it should be like, like accepted and normalized and stuff like Encouraged. It's not, I I Agree with that. That's not what I'm saying. I'm more so saying that I always feel very frustrated for someone whether I like someone or not, whatever it is. When they're in a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation because had you gotten the surgery and lied about it and gotten caught, you would be receiving as much hate about it as you are right now. Forgetting it and being honest. Like there, there is no win. And I think it's just crazy to say, Like, I literally saw someone saying like, Brooke Schofield is setting women back 10 years And I was like, Taylor Swift has this, like Taylor The most influential and I'm, I'm not even trying to throw Taylor Swift under the bus, I'm a swifty until I die.

(25m 35s):
But like, no, That's The point is like she's the Most influential person on planet earth. So it's like, it's just so crazy to me. And like if anything you being honest, I do respect more. I know that there's the constant debate of, And I just, I also think that it bothers me so much because I think if Ken Urick or Alex Ear did it, it wouldn't be the same thing. Do you know what I mean? Like it's people, it would just be their fans kind of being like slay for being honest and like See All of the things. It's like, Yeah, I I never even thought twice about sharing. 'cause I mean first of all, if there's one thing I've never done, it's pretend to be naturally gorgeous. Okay. I have spoken about every single thing I've ever done to my face filler Botox arm lipo boob job.

(26m 16s):
Like now upper blepharoplasty. Like I have always been honest about what I've gotten done And I don't care. Like that's my personal choice. And then I'm seeing like Ari Tia, the B House girl talking about all of her surgeries and all of her comments are like, wow, Thank you so much. Like more influencers should be like this. I think it just bothers me so much because societally the overall consensus on TikTok is people saying, we want these girls to be honest about the surgeries and then the second that they are, they're fucking shit on. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think it's Like, I think the nature of the surgery was the reason that it got a different response. 'cause if it was like a nose job or something, I don't think anyone would've reacted this way. It was because like no one sees people cut their eyelids off, so it seemed like something I just made up outta nowhere and did myself. You know what I mean?

(26m 56s):
Yeah. But I, I know And I guess we have to remember that like, I'm not kidding you. I hear a girl once a week be like, I'm going to the gym and then I'm going to community goods and then I'm getting an upward bluff. That's the point I was trying to make. I never wanna make it sound like, no, everybody's doing this. But it's, it like doesn't seem crazy to us because we do see people doing A lot. I would say that 55% of women who make up the beauty standard in today's traditional media have had potentially had a bluff. Yeah. I would say it's, it's, it is that it's damn near as fucking common as like a lip flip and it's like just wild to me to see the way you're being crucified because again, had you just hidden it like the Jenners and the Swifts and all the people of the world, you'd be in trouble then too.

(27m 39s):
And how come no one's mad at these traditional celebrities are chopping off their eyelids and wearing 'em like earrings? I don't know, but, And I really do just genuinely think there are a lot of influencers who could do it and wouldn't get the hate. Even seeing the way people are currently crucifying Remy Bader for waiting the year to talk about something and saying that they wouldn't be a lot of people's specific take is that they would not be mad at Remy Bader if she talked about it off rip and then here you are. Yeah. Talking about it off rip. That's what kind of upset me about it. 'cause like everything, like especially the, the conversation around like certain celebrities like Madison Beer for example, not like just calling her out, but people always say like, oh, she's had all this work done and she won't be honest about it.

(28m 21s):
And the conversation is always like, if she was just honest about it, like no one would care, but she lies like blah, blah blah. And I'm like, Like I literally have never even thought to hide something at all. And it was just like immediately the, the largest most extreme reaction I've ever. Like No, I saw TikTok with a million likes. Like as if you were like the face of Well, and, and the TikTok A millions, Like I'm not even getting word for word. She goes, I'm all for women doing what makes them happy except for Brooks Scofield. I'm like, wait, okay. Like I, here's the thing, I Just think if they're gonna try to make a movement around you then like 97 people need to line up like the squid games and be called to the stand as well.

(29m 5s):
And that's why it's Frustrating. Well the real answer ing the answer is like, because it's like, do you want me to be honest or do you want me to not be honest? The answer is we want you to be honest but also not do anything. So it's like at what point is it like, okay, so now I'm just, you're telling me what I like am not allowed to do with my body. It's just strange. Like, I don't know. I personally I'm glad that like, this is something I really like, truly thought about and like slept on for so many years and like wanted to do and was so secure about it because had this been something I was like kind of going back and forth between, I would be like pet like so upset right now because the comments like literally on the video of me having already had it done, like my eyelids are sliced, all the comments are like, you looked better before, this is so sad, scary, disgusting.

(29m 48s):
Like you Look the same. Are You guys okay? Also, Like it is A very slight point. Another, another major point I wanna make is like, had I not said anything, none of you would've noticed. Like no, you noticed? Yeah, I Like, I feel look so the same. Everyone always says like, oh, I'm doing it for me. But like genuinely like when people are like, oh, you had nothing to change, like it's hardly even a difference. I'm like, that's the point. Like, I am doing it like so that I can do something easier. It's like literally the most minuscule difference. It's, and it is just so wild to the amount of people like BBLs when BBLs have like a death rate. Like it's, it's a very, like, yeah, A BBL is the most like extreme dangerous, dangerous surgery in the world. So more people die from BBLs than any other surgery like, and oh my God, it's just, it's this is like, it's more dangerous to get tooth pulled genuinely.

(30m 35s):
I think it all just comes down to if you want to do it and it would make you feel more confident. You have one life. I do understand, you know, pushing the, the beauty standard and whatnot, but it's Like, I don't know dude, you, you see it's so wild. Like if I were somebody, our jobs are on camera and all people do is pick apart how we look and like God forbid you want to do something to make yourself feel more confident. And it's like one Girl swear to God commented, she's like, this is so ridiculous. I can't believe you did this, blah, blah, blah. And then she goes, And I just googled your age. I can't believe you're only 28. I literally thought you were 45. I go, did you just judge me for getting plastic surgery and call me old looking in the same comment, like this is why I feel Like I have to do it, but point is listen To me.

(31m 24s):
No, they're gonna hate when I pop out looking like Donna tele Versace going through a wind tunnel, like a golden retriever out the window. Like, I'm gonna look like this. No, the thing is I get, I get, I get what like everyone's actual messages, which is like, we don't wanna push it on little girls and stuff, but I've never been somebody who's like, like nobody's looking to me to like be the good influence on like young girls to love themselves and stuff because I've always been someone who's gotten things done. I haven't always been like a super like secure person. I've changed a lot of things about myself like, and I'm not ashamed of it, whatever. Then you get the comments that are like, well your daughter, like what about your daughter? She's gonna be born with your eyelids. And think about The amount of families who get their DII, there were like six girls at my school getting nose jobs for their 16th birthday.

(32m 6s):
I was like, damn y'all Me. I, I really thought about it. I'm like, what if my daughter like does, it is sad that she doesn't have my eyelids, but I'm like, honest to God, I just like, I'm hoping and praying that my daughter I wanna Adopt just so my child doesn't get my og nose. I just hope my daughter's more focused on the fact that I have a huge fucking rack. I just, it's so wild because the flip side of the coin is then you have the daughter worshiping Kendall Jenner for being so beautiful and comparing herself, why don't I look like this and like whatever. But then Kendall's had an upper blepharoplasty, right? Yeah. And it's like, and other things as well. And it's like, that's The problem is that people think that they can achieve this naturally. And Like I, I didn't, people can, there are people who are just naturally beautiful, but I like, not that I wasn't, I I never thought I was ugly or anything, but Like I did not achieve how I look naturally and I'm, God forbid you try to tell someone, I guess I see the, the overall message of where people are coming from.

(33m 4s):
I just do not appreciate seeing you be made the face of it. I think, Like I said, there are so many other people who would then have to be called to the stand for perpetuating so many narratives. And also like, But I don't even mind because it's like, if it's gonna happen to anyone, like who cares? I like make me the face of it. But like, let people live. Like let people do what they want. I would never say something to somebody for getting like tattoos all over their body or making their hair blue or whatever it is. Like, I don't care 'cause that's not me. That doesn't affect me. Yeah. All negativity aside, I love my new eyelids. It's interesting And I, I even just wonder how this conversation will be received and if it, if it will just like continue to, I piss people off and like whatever, but I just, yeah, I just don't think it's fair.

(33m 46s):
That's that's what It's, I'm sure what people are gonna say and Like, I I get it to an extent. Is that like the, the point's going over our heads like, and it's in the patriarchy and stuff and Like I understand that but like, don't make me the example. I don't wanna be the one to set the example for the patriarchy. Like Yeah, it is, that's my takeaway is that it's just unfair that if you're the example then so is like every other bitch. And it is so interesting how certain things are held to different calibers. Like boob jobs are completely fine and then like, you know, And things are just so different from person to person. Like a lot of people were like, like seriously you're gonna do like a, a surgery so that you can do your makeup better. But like my job is to be on camera and be on stage. So like yeah, if I wanted to get a breast reduction because it made wearing clothes easier because like, you know, I was a model or something like everyone would get behind me on that.

(34m 34s):
It's like, it just is, it's really, I don't know. It's strange. And also Like I did not do it because anyone's criticized my appearance at all. I did it Like I truly did it because it's something I've always wanted but like the same people who are mad at me are the people who are like, you look a million years old, you look horrible. Like what happened to Brooke's face? Like blah blah blah. So I'm Like, I don't Get it. Yeah. And it is just so wild that people will comment on people's look so hard to push them to a point to want to change certain things and then be mad that they did.

(35m 2s):
I am so excited to see Circ Diso tonight in Las Vegas. I love getting out of the house and seeing a live show and I've been looking for the best deal on tickets, which is why I want to give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek including concert sports festivals and more. So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and CSA the weekend, Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live events. I'm excited to attend The Fray with Landon Barker opening, doing his little bathroom jig on stage this fall. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10, so you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys. You can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets on SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.

(36m 22s):
Modo us Visit m odo us for the best free play social casino experience Wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games with free spins, exciting promotions, and always generous jackpots. You can waste your time with the others or you can win at Modo. Register today@modo.us for your free welcome bonus. Modo Is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly conditions apply to website for details.

(36m 47s):
Hello. Go us. I think it's just a you can't win situation and it's so interesting. That is why I feel for you. 'cause I think no matter what you did or said you couldn't win And I almost wish those people saying all of these things would imagine being in your position, like in that way that like, if you didn't get it, people are gonna comment on how you look old and how you whatever. If you get it and you tell people you're a part of the problem, if you get it and you hide it, you're a liar. But then if you don't get it, you look like shit. Like it's, it's like, do you know what I mean? It's so interesting. I don't think there's really a winning, I don't know.

(37m 29s):
I I set up there because I have the eyelids that I wanna have. All right. And now I can do it. I literally, I'm telling you, I first of all, obviously they're not ready yet. I literally still have my stitches installed. I got my regular stitches out, but I have like the long stitches still in. That's why I'm wearing my glasses. But you can see, I don't know if you can tell, but I'm gonna be able to do the thickest most wing, You know what you should do. That would be really funny. Go if for like two weeks straight you were online with like the most intricate graphic designer. Looks like you should have Alexis Oakley over putting fucking Mona Lisa on like Starry night. Absolutely across your eye. Like, Wait, Alexis also gotta bl like openly and nobody said a word to her.

(38m 9s):
Oh yeah, I guess that that, that's what I'm just, I I don't think it's fair, but we've exhausted the point at nauseam. I think the people who are going to agree agree and you need to just live your best life with them. Lids girl. Well I Achieved exactly what I'm set out to achieve. So honestly, fuck y'all. You should Go take a photo in front of Lids the hat store like a lid storefront and just post it like Lou Lids. Who this? Yeah, It's just like, it's not, I don't know. I live and die by my prior hooded lids. Hooded lids are beautiful. I love hooded lids, but I couldn't do a winged eyeliner. And I love a winged eyeliner. I love when I'm looking like this and you can see a wing. No, I'm talking like we're international and then like we're in France. So you have like the, the France.

(38m 50s):
Yeah. I wanna have the Eiffel Tower going this way. That's What I'm saying. You need to do it all and honestly I'm gonna do it on you and we're gonna make a little collab series out of it. And I love you so much And I love your eyelids And I just don't, I just don't think it's, I just don't think it's fair. I'm so happy in like four more days the bru bruising is gonna be gone And I'm gonna getting my long stitch out and then I'm gonna be ready to go. And I love Bluff Cell. Let's be so real Ble. Okay. Did you see rain disk on live? Not to just immediately cut to like something so, well no. Hello? Did you see rain disk on Instagram or TikTok? Hello? Did you see rain disk on TikTok live? Like On usually leave all that in.

(39m 33s):
Yes I did. He was on Alabama's boyfriend's TikTok live? Yes. And he's on live being like, Justin Bieber isn't my dad and like talking his shit. Just what, what kind of conversation do you think Courtney had to have with Alabama after that? It's Gotta be lawless over there, right? Like does she just go in the room with Rocky the baby and then like they, you know what I mean? Like Trav and then like he's playing guitar in the corner and everyone else is a free for all like guitar. You know drums. Sorry, I'm sorry. How was that? My only takeaway? I'm sorry. I don't know. I guess, yeah, well, Well you don't know if Justin Bieber's your father or not. Maybe he does Reen.

(40m 13s):
I don't think if, if I were you I would just let that one si. 'cause that's amazing. That's an amazing rumor to have spread about you, you know, in some rumors you're Like, I, I'm gonna let that one keep going. Yes. Like when people thought I was dating Glen Powell. Yes. Let's keep that going. It's so fair. But it's just like we've got Alabama having all the boyfriends over and then like rains on the lives. Like in what world too did we think like send him over to Scott's? Maybe like, you know, it's Like I just, I didn't, I don't know, it felt like, Do you think that there's something else like going on in the family right now that we're being distracted from Oh like, Like someone just had like a secret baby or something. They're putting the Barkers on the front lines.

(40m 54s):
They should run back that Meet the Barker show. But like today's edition, I've been seeing All talks about it. It's just Like, I don't like it 'cause he's a kid and it just feels like Alabama kind of just circle in all these new people constantly. So it's like how long has that guy on the live known reign to then be having him debunk who his father is? On the fuck. I just, it was just wild to me. I was like, no way. It is pretty Crazy. I just know I just would live to be a fly on the wall and just hear what Courtney like her reaction to that Because you know, she's told them kids to get off live. Yeah, that's 75 Times. That's the thing I do know like the Kardashian Jenners, all those kids like had very strict internet, like social media rules.

(41m 38s):
Well and it's just like, God, I would wish that my kids' obsessions were like cap cut or something, something in post. Like I would be cut. Like I would be so stressed that all of my kids' fixations were being live. Oh, That's so scary. Even Just, yeah, like I'm thinking about my own damn self. If I had a kid and my kid was like, mommy, I wanna go live. Mm. And I've got, you know, just every, I don't know, like there Needs to be like, what's the, you know how in like certain channels they have like a kill button and it's like, it's on like a five second delay. Exactly. Like it's like even when like, like Ty Collins loves going live and I'll be like scrolling through my for U at night and I'll see Ty like out at a club live and it like, that's just like my friend and I'm getting stressed And I love Ty more than anything.

(42m 22s):
I'm just like, this is being drunk on live. And obviously I've done my fair share of that too. So I'm, that's Why there's so many as trino clubs. Do You know, one time I've been really, these days for some reason hyper fixated and just reflecting on the dizzy wine era, I think as I'm coming out with these pickles it feels a little similar. All the things I'm having to do, like the PR boxes and the trial testing and having all the people in my life tested and like whatever. And obviously at one point in my life I was doing this with wine and dizzy wines were, this is actually perfect that this is here for reference. Were this big exact, I think literally 6.5 fluid ounces, like the exact same amount this big and four of them equated to a bottle of wine. Which looking back is Like, I might as well have been selling Norcos with my branding on it.

(43m 6s):
Like that is not okay. And like we would have everybody constantly testing them and just like anything like the pickles right now I have a hundred of them in my house so I'd have like thousands of cases of fucking wine in my house. And I've just been looking back at that time of my life and it's Like I was so fucking messy 'cause I was literally shit faced. There was a time where I woke up at like 9:00 PM I went downstairs, I finished a case of dizzy wine myself. Oh I remember this. And I woke up on live, I woke up on live. I remember this. It was really, it was naughty was yes, Imagine the anxiety and the stress to wake up on live when I woke up on live, like, oh my God.

(43m 53s):
And Chris and Paige, I remember they would not let me live it down. Obviously it Was dark time And I was in the depths of Reddit at the time And I remember them just having a field Day. It was oh my, I remember, oh my God, it is so funny how much I would just get in trouble during those times. Like everyone would be like, Reddit is really upset with you. Like I wouldn't read it obviously. And Like I just, I would get in so much trouble obviously just hammered shit faced Shit faced. Yeah. I'm really happy you're outta that era of your life. I'm trying to think, think of other happen, Other dizzy mishaps. You know what's funny too? No, I had A, I had something, I drank like two Dixies And I think I like went to the hospital or something. Oh I remember. I was like, oh my god, I can't drink those anymore. It Just tasted like wine though.

(44m 35s):
That's the thing. It didn't taste exponentially like strong so it would like really fuck you up like on some surprise shit. You know? And I, it's funny, the other day someone commented on my Pickle thing and they were like another failed business venture. Okay. Hurt my feelings a little. And I, it's true. I've had a lot of things that I ended up doing and then just deciding they weren't for me and like whatever. And it's funny because Dizzy wine was so successful. Like it was truly making so like it was doing so well, you know what I mean? I was kind of reinvesting back into it. So it wasn't like crazy profit. But Like I could have continued to do dizzy. The number one reason I stopped doing it is because it did not align with my life anymore. Like had I continued to have that brand, I would've died.

(45m 15s):
Right. Well I love that 'cause it's like, well had you been still pushing this alcohol and you're sober, I'd be like, bitch, I'm not buying your alcohol. Well and there was no way to it. I would've just had to continue to drink it and it was killing me. Even just the dizzy parties. Like the next day I would wake up every time we had a dizzy event to like nine influencers texting me like almost as if they like roofied themselves the night before. Like nobody ever like came. And even if you had won, you were drunk as fuck. You know there's An infamous photo of me and Bibi at your dizzy party And I'm holding her hair and she's puking. And we had just gotten there. There was one night where I was, I was dating someone And I had a dizzy party And I invited every single ex-boyfriend I'd ever had.

(45m 57s):
Funniest thing you've ever done. No. It was like, I've pretty sure you were trying to like put 'em into like a, you know when you put beta fish together and they fight, she invited all they were, she was seeing all of them at the same time and she invited all of them to the same party and she was entertaining all of them. It was amazing. No, I think I hooked up with like all of them that night. And it was so funny 'cause it was like a rapper, a cowboy, a TikTok dancer, A, there were so many, but That's how they don't suspect each other. Yeah, That's so true. They'll you, she'll Have 'em talking to each other. That is so true. I will, I like used to live for that. Like inviting two guys I was dating at the same time and watching what kind of sick shit. And like watching them Kiki. And then I'd take photos of them together and they'd be like, why are you taking a photo of us together? And I'd be like, oh no reason.

(46m 37s):
Like I just like your outfits. What? And it seems like too obvious for that. Like, oh God, you're so Good. No, it's, it was just like brutal. Even like right now we're working on all the graphics for tour. And at the end of the show we always kind of do a little, little montage, a little wholesome, you know, just like, like for the last one, it was kind of all these clips of you And I like loving each other and just like, you know what I mean? And we play it. And Hannah Montana, you'll always find your way back. Home plays and everyone sings along and it's very sweet. 'cause the Cancelled viewers like, feel like they're kind of, they've been a part of this journey. So it's very sweet. And this one, the whole theme of this show is kind of how far we've come as people across this journey.

(47m 17s):
So the ending montage is straight up like us blacked out cutting to, like, talking about anal cutting to me being Like, I'm sober now. And like dizzy party, like tracks out fucking whatever to like, let's go to Home Goods for Patreon. Like, it's actually insane how far we've come. I don't know. I love it. I'm happy. I'm happy we're not there anymore. Me Too. It's just like, what do you mean you woke up on live? Woke up on live. Don't look, don't look into it. Don't try to find it. Oh my God. And I would, I would like, and whatever you do, don't try to find that video of her at Thanksgiving. Oh my. Well we all know what I had for dinner instead of food. It's just like, it's insane. That's, oh my God, that was bad.

(47m 58s):
I think Thanksgiving gate, No Friendsgiving has ever been Wholesome. Okay. I had to stop having Friendsgiving 'cause it's like we'd make all this food and then nobody would eat it. We'd make a thousand jello shots and everyone would just be shit faced. Yeah. And it was just like, There was like a, a violent altercation at one of our Friendsgiving. I forgot About That. Yeah, he's in prison now. Who did he fight? I don't Know. Dylan. Oh My God. I forgot about that. They were fist fighting in my living room. Yeah. And I And you like nose dived into The fight? No, someone s elbow me in the face and then Ari's like, Brooke, why are you jumping in? I'm like, I'm not jumping in. No way. That's so, that is insane. Like Thanksgiving, be thankful. Wholesome. Like, and then there was a fist fight in my living room.

(48m 39s):
Yeah. And It was like, that was the same too. It was like Lil Z and Bryce Hall and like What a time. It's so insane. I can, that's like, We've lived so many lives together. We really have. I measure it in, in the houses that you lived in. Like this was this era. This was this era. I Agree. 'cause they're all very different. I brought a new dark energy to every single house I lived in up until the last two. Got my shit together. Yeah. Now you're slaying. Yeah. So wholesome. But whatever. It's time to play big on Moto social Casino. America's hottest free to play social casino experience. Moto US has five casino games.

(49m 20s):
It's time play big, win bigger on Moto Us. Today Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary. Boyd, were prohibited. Visit Moto us for more details. It's time. Hello Joe. Us. I have bad news. Me too. Oh, you Go first. No, you Go first. No, I've been talking too much. No, I think you go. My friend is dating Pete Davidson. She looks a lot like Hailey Bieber to Me. Yeah, she's very beautiful. And I gorgeous her guts. So, and she dated Benny Blanco. She did. It's so funny the way the internet just, or just celebrity, all of it, it all ties together. Everyone is one person away from one person. I have a problem.

(50m 0s):
What's your Problem? So, you know, I'm in my new grown era, right? And with that comes a lot of things, you know, just being more responsible with everything, including my finances. And I don't like to do it, you know, how I feel. It stresses me out. But I've been making my new bit, you know, kind of keeping up more with my bookkeeper, texting her, Hey, you know, just what's up? What am I spending the most money on? Which expenses are really high? Where can I cut certain expenses? And she's like, you know, Tana, you're doing really good lately. You're spending much less money on neon leather chaps on, you know, I prayed for That and private jets and all the things, but here are the things that I do think you're spending a little bit too much money on. She sent me a list of my Expenses In 30 days.

(50m 44s):
I spent $8,300 On Uber Eats. No $1,295 on DoorDash. Have, you know, shame in One month. In one month. Okay. Where, First of all, where are you ordering from? Dude Have the r Cassia. Like, no, that's something I have nothing to show for it, Brooke. I have nothing to show for this at all. And it's Like, I was trying to blame it on inflation, but I think I am just inflating. I I am like, literally, I don't even No, it's, she was like, if you hired a private chef to be at your house on salary, you would save a significant amount of money.

(51m 28s):
Like, that's crazy. Wait, Are you sure? Yes. Someone else isn't logged in. I mean, I do feed a lot of other people a lot. You know, I, I'm, I'm gonna try to accredit this to my generosity, but I'm gonna tell you something when I go to bed And I, I know it. I I'm not that fucking Generous. You need to make a budget. Yeah. Or imagine if like you had parental locks on your Yeah. That, that's the thing though. It's Like I Uber eats everything like tampons and sudafed and fucking paper towels and toilet paper and water bottles and all the things. And I do them all like, separately. And like, I'm, I'm accrediting a lot of this to like the fees of it all. Like I don't think it's the prices of things. I think even if right now I was ordering something for two hours from now, I would order it priority and it's like, okay, That's stupid.

(52m 13s):
Yeah. Do you, like, if you needed tampons, would you go to like CVS and just order tampons? Yeah. See that's, yeah. That's fucking you. Because I like, literally, I will sooner bleed out than like buy one thing that I need. If I don't need three things, I don't have an order. No. When you're so fucking right. And it's Like, I also pay people to be my assistance. It's like you're someone's on a salary, maybe send them to a store. Maybe it's just so you know that it totals out to like $300 a day. That's just ridiculous. For $300 a day, you can keep a blonde American girl overfed with MSG. Imagine what we could do for Maryanne with 300. I know.

(52m 53s):
And it's, again, it's, it's like, it's no ho munchies and it's hot Cheeto otte and it's chicken fries from Burger King. It's not even like, Like I would feel more satisfied if it was fucking like, Nobu. It's like, where is it going at this point? It's like, get get back on Manjaro. Like Honestly, that could be, that could be a good financial decision. That's Literally like, just financial decision aside. Like Manjaro would save me $5,000 a month. I I re and it's so crazy 'cause it's Like I realize how insane this sounds and it's Like I battled with even bringing it to the podcast. But I think that especially in light of Anna Paul and like a lot of other people, I, I just hate what an influencer pretends, you know, Like, I, I'm gonna tell you the truth.

(53m 35s):
Here's how I awfully spent my money and I'm gonna be better and smarter and Like, I learned a valuable lesson. It's, I feel like it's in the same category as like for keys and shit. It's like, oh my God, like glutton in me. You are in a po a nice position though. Like where you live with several people. Like, I used to always think like, oh, I can't grocery shop because it's like, it's hard to cook for one person. It's hard to grocery shop for one person because like, everything like goes bad, whatever. But you have like a whole family living with you. Like make fucking dinner. I, I realize too that I'm, And I need to like work on this mentally, but I'm always leaving for something like work related. I'm al I'm usually always like, oh, in a week and a half's time I have to go somewhere to do something.

(54m 17s):
So then I tell myself like, don't buy groceries. They'll go bad. But I'm just in this perpetual state of like, oh, I'll do it when I'm home for a while and like, I'm never gonna be home for a while. So It's Like I always like fuck myself in that way. It's the same where Like, I don't know like do you, well just you nevermind. You would not know the answer to that. I was gonna say like, do you ever like go to get gas and like you don't fill your up your tank all the way because you're like, oh, I'll do it later. But like, you literally have never driven a car at All. Well, I have driven a car a few times, but it wasn't good. But I, yeah. Touring I think puts you in this constant mind state too of Like, I'm gonna be gone. Therefore like all you put off a lot of things 'cause you're like, I'll do it after tour. That's how I feel about cleaning my closet right now. I'm like, well I'm about to pack for tour. Why would I clean to just pull it all out again. $8,300. You, I should, That's just Be on a TLC show.

(54m 60s):
It's truly despicable and you need to be punished. Yeah, I was gonna say, speaking of despicable and going on this whole tangent about minions, but it's like, you gotta have something better than that. I'm newly into holistic medicine. Okay. They're kind of minions. Yeah. I don't know. Healing my gut naturally. Okay. Instead of taking iron supplements, I have upped my beef intake. That is all I feel like if I could do any diet, it would be like a, like a meat centered situation.

(55m 40s):
I could for sure do. Like, you know that bitch who had wait, she, she's probably super nice. Literally like, it literally stung like, yeah, no Bitch. I dunno why I talked to you about that bitch with the, with the cutting board. And she just has the sta for I think she's honestly flexing her wealth on us, but she, she's every day she's just fucking ripping into like a new T-bone steak. Like every day on TikTok. Sick. A teenager you Would be on steak talk. I'm on, I'm on. Please talk. I do think like there could be money in beef merch. I think we could put Like, I love beef because it's, it could be in Like, I love beef or Like I could, I love beef.

(56m 21s):
This is where I go to my constant pitch of you needing your own merch. I actually would, I would wear that. And I do love beef. No, I don't. Well I'm afraid, I don't know. Like what kind of, I don't Know. I think you should have Mouse and Murphy on a, on shirts. I think you should have and that would just pay for their vet bills. So it's kind of like an even like baby teas in exchange for constantly visiting the open concept veterinary center. Yeah. IHeart Beef. Something about labias. Those could go together even. Okay. I, I'm afraid that I'm making labia my like bleach and tone. Like I'm afraid that my labia is like my bent and boon back flip. Like I've gotta shut the fuck up about it or it's beco gonna become my signature like really quickly.

(57m 6s):
That is true. I love my large labia by the way. And you know what, that's what I say. Back to all these plastic surgery shamers. I talk so openly about my fucking I wave my labia like Sure. You could have just gone and gotten a labiaplasty. Yeah. And bitches are cutting them off left and right. Not me. Literally left and right. Not me. I'm sitting on mine right now. Fuck you. This is something I never thought I would say in 2025. What is it? Can we call Lily Gibney right now? Yes. Wait, should we give, should we give, like should we explain the situation first? Yes.

(57m 47s):
But what if she just tells us? No, I don't know. Okay. Yeah, she's not going to, so Lila one time was on a trip, who was she with? I think she was with Mikayla Testa. She was, she was at ELA Testa and Alexa Anos I think. And they were in the Baha, like The Bahamas or like somewhere tropical and beautiful. And we were all in a group chat at the time. And, and Lila sent in the group chat. She was like, you guys are going to Die. Well, no, I have, yeah, I have 40 cents in my bank account And I've overdrafted $8,000. She Goes, I I just paid literally $3,000 for the most insane, insane photos. Like, you're gonna die. Like we're deep diving in the ocean, like scuba diving photo shoot, full photo shoot, professional photographer.

(58m 31s):
And we're like, Lila, you have no money. Like, what do you mean you just spent $3,000 on this? Like these better be met gala level And with her whole fucking chest. She sent us the photos And I pray to God that she allows us to share them. I Just want Layla to be in on this. Hello? Hi. Hi. I'm calling you live from the Cancelled podcast. Hello. Eyes and shine. Okay. Lila the other day. This is new. I know. This is, this is new this, it's, it feels nostalgic a little.

(59m 13s):
And I I just wanna let you know that, you know, you are the funniest person alive and that is something that we're never going to negate. Okay. The other So true. And the other day we were going through our camera rolls. Oh no. And we found the photos of you scuba diving With the sharks. Yeah. Remember when you paid thousands of dollars? No. Like, I wanna say 3,800. And I, Like, I wanna say I hit negative And I wanna like show them on the podcast, but I don't, I didn't want you to like, see the clip and think that you weren't like in on this. Like, I wanted to get your permission.

(59m 54s):
Well, my permission is insane. Wait, my permission to do What? To show these photos of you scuba diving on the Cancelled podcast right now. Like when, when I'm drown. Wait, what? One? Like just think that like you Oh, the Oh, oh, the underwater ones? Yes. Like you really led with Foot. Oh yeah. No. And then I'm not gonna lie, I wanna say, I don't know what it was. I, I wanna say like, do you guys remember this? Like, I think my like nipple was out in one of the underwater photos. It got my Instagram deleted. Like I Literally paid, paid 3.8 for shitty photos and no Instagram.

(1h 0m 39s):
But the funniest part of the whole thing was you thinking the photos were like literally topnotch, gorgeous. Perfect. I swear to God and Sam Damache. It's just, it's so good. It's so good. Wait, what brought me, We were going through our camera rolls trying to like write this live show also. Lila, do you remember when I tried to pay you, when I tried to pay you $50 a day to come on the Cancelled tour? No, I wanna say it was less, I wanna say Brooke told me it was like 1499 And everyone was a Tana. That's unethical.

(1h 1m 20s):
Yeah. I vouched for you. No, Brooke was right. Yeah. It's actually crazy to think it's like Tana like you gotta pay her more than that. It's just, And I was like, this is a great deal. No, it was like 1499 to do the show, but then swear to God before the fucking show, you'd pay me, I don't know, $75 per minute to give you avac massage. Yeah. And I just made no sense. You ended up getting paid more as a masseuse than talent. I'm mulah. I love you. And I just, I wanted to just give you a little ring and let you know that That is not real. That your scuba photos were a topic of discussion I found over here. Tell me why I paid three eight KI don't even think I have the photos.

(1h 2m 0s):
Who Will you have them? We'll send them to you. Well, thank God I got my Money's worth. I'm putting us all in a group chat. I love you. Give me bloody help. I love you. Bye. Bye you guys. Bye dude, I miss her so much sometimes Me too. She's just so, so fucking like, it's like, It's so good. The foot 38 is actually like truly diabolical. Like I It's, and it's gotta be, it's like, but Like this is so relatable.

(1h 2m 44s):
You know, when you're younger and like, you found like photos of like Jay Alvarez and Alexis Ren and you've got an underwater camera and like You think you're recreating that. It's, That's what this is giving. And It's funny 'cause even how I was just talking about like, is my security not doing his job? Karma for anacon. Like, you know, she did something on like Depop where like that $3,800 was like fully justified. Yeah. That's for that guy's shitty Dollars. It's just, And I know how people, I can already see the people now. Like, you guys are gonna be back together in a second and like all these things. And it's not that. I just think that even as you grow with people or with or without people, like, you know, let's say we've all kind of grown in our lives are a little different. I can have appreciation for her bringing a level of comedy that like, that's insane.

(1h 3m 28s):
Like to go negative for scuba diving photos like that, that week was the funniest week of my life because of that. And I have so much appreciation for that. And I'm just, I'm rooting for her no matter what. There's, there's Nobody on the planet. Funny. She even, she made a TikTok Like I wanna say a week or two ago where she was kind of just opening up about struggles with sobriety and different things. And I was like, dude, Like I texted her, I was just like, no matter how close we are, like I'm so proud of you for, you know, taking the steps on these journeys. And I want nothing more than to see her thrive and win. You know? And like now I can look back so much so at like all of these things and like, they're just, no one will ever bring that level of humor. Like, I remember girl needs a reality show So bad, but she'd be destroyed.

(1h 4m 13s):
But like, so what? Like if Paul American, like Paul American should honestly have Lila Gibney on for an episode should like, come on. I'm pretty sure she's like, got a, a restraining order or, or like Jake Paul has a restraining order on her or something. Really? Yeah. Remember Like, I got kicked out of the team tennis for Being See, And I remember things like that and it's like, oh wow. Oh my God. I for that was so crazy. My 21st birthday, Jake was supposed to come and then he was beefing with Lila and Cole and it became this whole respect thing. 'cause I didn't, I invited them and it was Armageddon.

(1h 4m 56s):
It was truly a tale of two cities. The Paul camp and the Lila Cole camp. And it was, oh my god. Jordan Marona smacked up in the middle. Our Lives are funny. Yeah, that's, oh my god. I forgot all about that. And I was crying like someone died and like, looking back, it's like Jake Paul didn't want to go to your 21st birthday because Lila Gibney was there. Like you'd stop crying like, oh my God. So good. Mo Go us Visit Mo Do do us for the best free place social casino experience wherever you are. Modo offers a huge selection of Vegas style games. And now introducing live blackjack, roulette and casino. Hold them.

(1h 5m 36s):
These are so much fun. Modo always has generous jackpots, free spins and exciting promotions. Register today at Modo us for your free welcome bonus. Modo is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited play responsibly. Conditions apply, see website details. Hello. Do us While I'm giving flowers, I guess I don't know if I was really giving flowers actually I was trying to give Layla her flowers. I'm proud of her for posting that. Well, I have a few things actually. I did just wanna give Kayla mallick her flowers. Like she, I'm so proud of her online just coming at this man so hard and finally like, you know what I mean? Like, that's so fucking sad to be in a situation like that.

(1h 6m 18s):
And like, it's wild because every time I see this now, especially it lights such a fire under my ass. She talks about this man being so abusive to her. He broke her jaw. He was strangling her. And you know what's crazy that I didn't know until all of this is that when a man, when domestic violence gets to the point of strangulation, the chances of him killing you go up by 700%, 700%. Like his name is Evan Johnson. And it's Like, I, I just, I wanna say his name. I, that man deserves nothing but prison And I can't believe she had to go through all of that. And it's so crazy. You always say you don't know what someone's going through and all those things, you know, and it's, it's wild that she was still being so bubbly and fun and light online while the heaviest shit was happening in her life.

(1h 7m 3s):
But still, I see so many comments where it's Like I and from women too where it's like, I'll see a video that's about her domestic abuse situation and the top comment is Like, I don't like her, but yada yada yada. Like it's, or Like, I know Kayla's crazy, but yada yada yada. And like just still this like air of like victim shaming and blaming because people do not fit the case of their perfect fucking victim. It makes me so mad. Like I sent her voice memos even just being like, dude, I'm so proud of you, you're gonna help so many people. And she was like essentially saying to me like, you inspired me to be able to do this.

(1h 7m 44s):
Like if you type of thing, you know what I mean? And it's like, it's so crazy How often you just see these crazy girls being shunned to speak up because they're crazy because society still does that shit. Like nobody asked if you fucking like her or not. Yeah. And like, Like it, it's so frustrating but I, I don't Like, I don't see it ever stopping, you know what I mean? I know, but it's Like, I dunno, it's kind of goes back to what we were saying before where it's like it's all a part of a bigger issue, but it's like, it is a lot of like the women who are doing it all the time and it's like, wait, how did we get here? And just all of it. Like I, if a girl is not a perfect angel, then she does not get the full right to have the same amount of empathy when being a victim as so many other women would get.

(1h 8m 35s):
And it's so wild. I had a girl recently, a couple, no actually last night, one of my girlfriends called me and she does, right? And she was just kind of asking my opinion on this and she was Like, I really wanna talk about something that happened to me when I was a child, but I can already see the comments now of saying that like, I'm lying about this or I deserve it. Or like, look that it just ended up with me doing OF and like whatever. And like essentially we talked it all through and obviously I'm telling her like, it sucks that the world is like that and like, if you don't feel ready to talk about this shit, don't then. You know what I mean? Because you, you are unfortunately gonna face so much of that.

(1h 9m 15s):
But her end takeaway was like, I'm not gonna share what happened to me. And mind you, she has so many fans where this could be so helpful, but I'm not gonna share it to me because people won't take this seriously or have empathy for me or care for me because I also do OF It's Really disgusting. It's, it's horrible. I just like, I'm, you know, that I'm like such a ride or die. Especially just like with everything that's happened with me about people taking any victim seriously. Even if they're not your perfect girl, that out gets bad shit happen to outspoken women somehow Less bad because it happened to somebody who like either you don't like or you don't agree with or who does something that you might not want to do.

(1h 9m 56s):
Like it doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Like, like two th things can be true at the same time. Like something horrible can have happened to somebody and like they do something that you don't care about. It's just as bad happening to Kayla Mallick as it is happening to Gabby Petito. It's just as bad happening to Tana Mongeau as it is happening to, you know what I mean? Just like it's so wild. I don't know. I'm just forever gonna ride for that. And I, I just wanna say I'm so proud of Kayla Malick because it's like you're being the voice for so many of these girls and the more that it continues to happen And I don't know, just the more that women like her And I speak up about things that happen to them, the more it will normalize that. And I think it's still just very sad societally, you know?

(1h 10m 37s):
I Agree. And it makes you think like, you know, obviously like you said she was like posting and being bubbly and posting these makeup videos and stuff and like she was getting hate and stuff and it's like, how many people is that happening to right now that haven't come out and like, you know, said something like, we're watching it maybe in real time. Like, just be nicer to people. It's so crazy. Yeah. And it is just so crazy too that still people take somebody speaking up about something and it kind of like going viral quote unquote as an invitation to then discuss all the things they like or don't like about them. Like it has nothing to do with if you like her or not. And the fact that women everywhere leading with that, Like, I don't like her, but it's like, Yeah. And people are like, you know, I'm, I'm sorry for being rude about her when this was going on.

(1h 11m 18s):
It's like, maybe you just shouldn't have been rude about her. Like something horrible doesn't have to happen to somebody for you to have like empathy for them. Like it's really kinda crazy. And I saw something else like talking about Gabby Petito actually, and they were like, you know, like Gabby Petito was like the girl who kept going back to her ex-boyfriend and the girl who like didn't listen to you when you said like, leave your stupid guy, like boyfriend, whatever. Like, you need to have more grace for people because it's like that kinda shit happens 100%. It's Awful. It's so awful. But I'm really proud of Kayla And I just Like, I absolutely adore her And I think that yeah, you don't have to like someone and you don't have to say that you don't like someone you that, you know what I mean? No, leave It out of the comment.

(1h 11m 58s):
Like, backspace, what the fuck do we care if you like somebody or not? Like just have, And that just doesn't happen with men. It really doesn't. It's a, it's never a question when something happens to a guy about his personality and his, you know what I mean? Like, like truly I think societally women's personalities and the way they dress and the way they look and the way they act and the way they talk are factors in how much people believe them and care about them and empathize with them. And it's, it's just crazy. It's, it's so crazy like how I, even just in that Cody co situation had I been so many other girls and said like, this happened when I was 17, you know what I mean? Like, so it just, the conversation would've been entirely different and I Agree so much bigger of a conversation too, you know, and it's just Like, I, I just, I'm never gonna stop advocating And I just wanna say I'm proud of her And I think she did a lot for girls like us And I love her And I hope Evan Johnson goes to prison.

(1h 12m 51s):
I Agree. And I'm glad you said that. Prison or worse On a literal, on the flip side of the coin. Well I don't know if I should actually go into this conversation completely after this 'cause it's kind of, I'm kind of going on the flip side of the coin Here. Like just, I guess I have to tell you what I'm talking about, but have you been seeing Katy Perry and Gail King and their press campaign for their excursion to space? No. I knew Katie Perry was going to space And I just, I have a serious question and am I fucked up for saying this? I don't know yet. Did we not learn from the whole Titanic scuba?

(1h 13m 35s):
Oh, the submarine. Like what's wrong with just Being on land? Calabasas, Katie, why are we going to space? Like I understand astronauts going to space. Do you know that also just you want talk about 10 years back for women? She was saying like, oh, we put the ass in astronaut and like, like it the things she was saying were like, oh man, wrote it. I need to find it. Hold on. I think when they talk about like going to space, I think it's like, like right outside our atmosphere. But why, why? I dunno. I just saw that thing about like that girl getting, they got stuck in space. Like they meant to go for like eight days or something. Yeah. And they accidentally went for like nine months And then Donald Trump was just like talking about her hair Checks out.

(1h 14m 22s):
It's, oh my god, it's so insane. I just, I don't like going through TSAI don't like turbulence on an airplane. Imagine the fucking sedation. I understand it's brave and it's cool. But then why like just to come home. Like I went to space. Yes. And I sang hot. You're hot, then you're cold, you're, yes. Then you're no like if I was Oprah, I'd be like, Gail, stand down. You don't need to Like what? Oprah's probably got people up there, you know what I mean? Like Oprah's probably like got Gail covered. I guess That is, that is really true. Let's, has Katie Perry and Lauren Sanchez prepared to go on their all female trip to space? Katie Says we're going Lauren Sanchez, she's my friend. An Astronaut. Yes, Claudia, We're going to put the ass in astronaut.

(1h 15m 5s):
Lauren Sanchez is not my, she Makes it so hard to be a Katy cat. She's seriously indefensible when she does shit like this. Like Katie Perry and Lauren Sanchez are committed to wearing glam that's out of this world. They are. Oh my god, I'm vomiting. They are. This is actually setting women back. This is Awful for women. Listen, they are getting ready to blast off into space on April 14th, but it'll be the first time anyone has ever journeyed to space in full glam. No, this is seriously so embarrassing. I identify as a man now. Like I want no part of this. I'm humiliated to be of the same gender. Katie Said, let me tell you something. If I could take glam up with me, I would do that. We are going to put the ass in astronaut.

(1h 15m 46s):
She's given us no choice. We have to leave her in space. Like, like These women go into space and when we focus on their looks like that and their hair, that's like, this is something a man would write. This Is insulting. This is so insulting. This Is how men think of us. I'm humiliated Board says we're going to have lash extensions flying in cap. Oh no. Oh no. This is really, really bad. Like seriously jail for everyone. Sorry Gail. See if I was invited on this And I saw like my fellow passengers were doing this types of press, Like I would actually give my seat up. I need somebody to really quickly get together an all female crew and just send them up so that this group of, I mean I Like, I get it, there's something camp about being full glam in space, but like what PR team approved this and why are we leading with that? I kind of like, I'm choosing to, as I'm choosing to believe they're trolling ust Like I think they're being funny.

(1h 16m 32s):
I don't, so I think they're like, like it's so like, it feels like they're like joking. Like we would say like, like when we're like, oh my God, I'm so skinny, I'm gonna fall through this, you know, sidewalk slit, you know, like It's just so funny to me. Like what we're gonna put the ass in astronaut, like leave this shit to nasa. See That? That's, that's where she lost me because I know that Katie has a more of a way with words than that And I just feel like it's like, okay, like Katie, why don't you make, why don't you call Benny Blanco up? Okay. Make the record and shoot a really out of this world music video. Okay. Really get the, the green screen behind you.

(1h 17m 14s):
Get the CGI Like, I think it would give the same thing. Like if she truly just had like a really out of this world spacey little music video tour theme. Like all I just, why is Katie Perry going to space Now that I think about it? Kate Perry, you've really exhausted this space thing. Give it a rest. It's, I It's just, I just, why can, like Aaron, can you honestly like Google this? Like why is Katie and Perry going to space? I know why. The same reason people fucking run marathons or do triathlons or do shit that we don't wanna do because they have different interests. I do. We Had this conversation when we were talking about hiking Mount Everest that I know there's the caliber of people who's like, I'm gonna do the unthinkable for pride.

(1h 17m 56s):
But then when you see the like 8,000 dead bodies on Mount Everest, it's like, maybe check out if you can or if you're capable or not. Maybe. And it just, that's what it feels like to me. Like yes, you're doing it to say you did it, but it's submarine energy to me. It's Like I, I just think Katy Perry, it's like get another Vegas residency and bedazzle an astronaut helmet and leave this shit to the, the Buzz Aldrin's of the world. I picture Ka Perry Buzz Aldrin, right? Yeah. Okay, Close call there. Who's b who's Buzz Moon guy. Oh, I was thinking Buzz Lightyear. See, and then here I am talking shit about her saying put me putting the ass in astronaut And I'm going Moon guy, I should have just talked about Minions talk about stealing the moon.

(1h 18m 36s):
I can tell you really want to talk about whatever minion thing you keep bringing up. So let me just let you Stand out. No, no. It's more so just that I was like, I'm not gonna bring my minion jargon to the Cancelled podcast. And then everything I'm saying has equally little to no substance. The Minions are speaking Spanish Apparently. It's not like two space. It's to the edge Of Do you ever notice that they're speaking remnants of Spanish? They are. Yeah. I Kind of like that. If you really pay attention, it's closest. It's like almost like Portuguese where it's like it's close enough to Spanish. Where in Spanish? Can you guys hear me? I can hear you now Erin. Apparently it's not too space.

(1h 19m 16s):
It's to the edge of space. So it's like, It's to the edge of space. It's like, But you're going up and then coming back down. It's not, I told you it's just Like face tune yourself with hella stars behind you. I just like, it's not the same. I'm not kidding. Like I'm thinking about how much fucking fuel it takes to get them up there. Pitch. Let's Talk about fuel Your Postmates drivers used. What? Now you care about your carbon footprint. I'm calling fucking Greta. Get up. We're wasting time and resources. Oh my God. You're So right.

(1h 19m 57s):
You're literally Like, oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm done, I'm done. I'm done. Katie, you fucking NASA it up. Put the ass in NASA bitch. I wanna go to space. Oh, is that why you're, I wanna, I wanna put the tits in. I don't know. There's no tits in anything. Ask The tits. I wanna put the tits in orbits. So tits Or Or Tits. Yeah, that's as close as I could get. Gale, she hasn't aged today. There's something about Gail King going to space that like, no, but now you know what? Okay, I'm sitting here and I'm like, there's what's going, She's Gonna be wearing that.

(1h 20m 40s):
Well she's eating freeze dried ice cream sandwiches with a fucking wing and it's like we need people to go study the moon. Can I say something really quick? Katie Piggery is responsible for whatever happened to my eyelids. Okay. What? What her having that wing had a direct influence on whether or not I wanted to keep my eyelids. Let's talk about we're not ready to talk about that. You know, The, she set women back hundreds of years. The more I'm thinking about all of this, it's like I'm imagining there was a brand trip to the White House, right? And it was like Alex Cooper and like all these people who arguably deserve to go to the White House.

(1h 21m 22s):
And then like if I got invited I would go right? And I'd be like, look at I'm at the White House. Woohoo. So it's kinda like, like Katie Perry, I like, you know, she, she might be a little, it might be a bit of a reach to bring her to space, you know, whereas like Gayle King makes a little more sense to me. But then it's like, you know what, Katie go off. That's what you get for waking up in orbit. I, you know, I'm choosing to believe she's gonna have an amazing time and Shut up and put your helmet where your mouth is. So They did, maybe we'll get a good hit out of it in 2021. They did it too with an FL Hall of Famer, Michael Stro. Oh, I think there's been cats in space.

(1h 22m 3s):
No way. Yeah. I wonder if they had Chris, If you got an offer to go to Space. Do you know that? I did get an offer to go to space actually like a couple years ago. But it was also Natalie Bowling. Remember this was with like after Party I think. Yeah, they were The NFT people were trying to take us to space. And I remember there was a point where I really had to weigh it out And I decided I just wouldn't, I'm too scared. Would you go if you, if tart was like tripping with tart in the, I can't even go to Bora Bora in the, let's not talk about space trip with Tart in the Milky Way. That's too soon. It's just like, That's so funny. I would love to see some, there are, I would've gone on that submarine for sure. I would love to see like Ken uric in space though the more I'm thinking about it.

(1h 22m 43s):
Or like, she'd Be so funny. She'd be a fucking hilarious in space. So I mean she un Hinge. Yeah. Oh my god. I love her hinge stories. She's just like BB Except more violent. Yeah. Someone from my life is making a bit of a resurgence. But I think I will tell you about it on the Patreon. 'cause this one needs a paywall. Okay. But this was a great episode. Bluffs. NASA Uber Eats Gibney scuba excursion. Women don't deserve rights. Thank you for listening to another episode of the Cancelled podcast. Goodbye.

(1h 23m 31s):
It's time to play big on social casino. America's hottest free to play social casino experience. Moto us has live casino games. It's time play big, win Bigger on Moto Us today. Moto is a social casino, no purchase necessary. Boy. We're prohibited. Visit moto.us for more details. It's time. Hello Joe. Us.