
Hello And welcome Back to the Cancelled podcast. God, Paige has got it. Okay, one more time. Hello. Hello. And welcome Back to the, to the Cancelled podcast. It took everything in me not to do that again. Why? Why'd you do it the first time? I know, I don't, I don't know. I see Paige And I get like weirder like with you. I like, you know, we're, we're cute. I don't bring it outta you. You don't bring No you, you make me like put it back in. Really. But I think that's a good thing. Like it is, You know, I just saw a couple or a comment on our, on our last episode that said it appears we've been to couples therapy. I know. I really, it's actually crazy. We were talking about this today And I was Like, I wish you could tell the girls during jorts skate, Like I was telling her how we just filmed a YouTube video And I was like really excited to edit it and like watching it like smiling, thinking like, God, I love Brooke.


And it's like, damn, if you could tell those jorts skate that. Oh my god. I know. Yeah. I'm like scared to see the footage from that time. Do you know like when that was going down in Jro was like recording the WWE SmackDown and we were like running room to room like Really Bad. But it, it kind of goes along with the whole theme that's like that it was like too fresh to ever talk about it. Like now we can look back on it and be like, oh it was so funny that we like actually lowkey like hated each other so much. Literally wanted each other dead. And it's, it is funny too 'cause it's like we would talk about Jort skate but like there was like a cool like four months where we would talk about it And I was still like, like you know Was That where eight is crazy? Yes. Was that J Skate? Okay. We're having blends together in my brain. I think it was nine is Crazy And I said I'm sorry eight.


Oh yeah. You know what's funny is obviously the takeaway from jts Skate truly like we both still see it so differently. Like there there isn't an answer of like who was right or wrong. Like I think there was a lot of Careful bitch honestly still murky waters. I'm like don't undo your progress. Right. Well that's true but like it was her idea. But we're having jro make an edit that like makes her look like a saint and making an edit that makes me look like a saint. Like it's funny that you can edit the footage to be Literally like from both of our perspectives. Like, like how I viewed it versus how she viewed it. Like with so fucking funny in video form 'cause it exists. That is so fucking funny. And then like leave it up to the audience. Yeah, exactly. And I Ask the audience what Was your like takeaway?


Like what was your main emotion during George Skate? Well I was stressed the fuck out. I honestly think I was a little more team brook at the time because I went to the other room And I was like talking to Brooke in confidence. I was like, listen, I know she's being crazy. She might be in the wrong. Thank you. So and J has The footage for saying that on my cheeks are like literally red. So tough. I'm not, I mean, yeah, maybe I need to like rewatch the footage and really think, I guess I really blame a complete third party and we'll get into this on tour. Who? But Like I blame entirely Ble her name obviously. Oh. But I was talking about this actually with Seth and Brittany today. It's like she was just taking Brooke like a little fucking chihuahua and spinning her up, getting her ready for me to come down.


Like she was creating this warfare environment telling Brooke we're not gonna get paid if I do something like that. Yeah. If We're late, like we, there's no money, everybody gets turned away. All this stuff. So in my head I'm like, oh my God, we are so late. Like we're about to ruin our lives. Like she had me, she calls me and says, should I wear jorts? But she also like went around it so ass backwards because was texting you being like, if you guys are late, like the show's not gonna go on. Like everyone's gonna get fucked. But like going to you about it, it's like text me in the Hey This bitch was leaving all the merch behind in cities. It's like, do your damn job. Yeah. And it's just, it's crazy too 'cause like being a is kind of knowing and understanding people's demeanors And I feel like just in what world do you think it's a good idea to like get her live it at me or vice versa before a show.


Like it's like whoa. Like what the where do you get off? Yeah. And I'm already so anxious. Also at that point we were still operating completely as a unit. Like I wasn't allowed to individually Uber to the venue. Like I had to wait for Her. Yeah. And that's so I was sitting in the lobby like fucking just Her. Even in she instilled that rule like Brooke has to wait. Which is crazy because of our timing differences. Like the second we just started going separately, we thrived. Yeah. 'cause once I'm there I'm Like I don't care. Like I'll go on stage. Fuck it. Yeah. I forget. Did George skate, like did the blowout fight happen before y'all went on stage? No, it happened After. Oh okay. Really? Right. See I don't know, it's like all mud. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And see and how am I commenting on something that I literally don't know. I just remember Lila Being Funny as shit. It happened, shit it after because we were making funny jort jokes on stage and then when you got off you were so mad about it.


And I was like, wait, are we actually fighting? Yeah. And Lila was talking about how like a fan invited her to the club. She's like, okay guys have fun. I'm going, She was being So funny. I have, I Have like the unedited footage footage from that night too 'cause I was vlogging. Oh wow. I'm excited. 'cause it like just this whole show being about how far we've all come, like it's gonna be so excited, exciting to like review that footage and just Like, I don't know. And Just thoughts we've never thought of before. Like the beginnings of tour. Like when we were sharing a room, I've just been talking to M like what the fuck How you're my assistant and you guys are sharing them. I Was saying you know, that she just came to that realization like a couple days ago. Like I was like, and remember when you used to make me share a room with Paige every single time? And it's not even that I didn't wanna share a room with you, it's just that one of you were one of our assistants and it wasn't mine.


Dude. Oh my God. Like that is so not everything was ran so improperly and I'm so excited to like laugh at that now. It's so, it is so cool how far we've come. It's so crazy. Like the beginning of the tour days, I was the tour manager. Like why was I going and like doing sound check and like, and like lighting wristbands and like Yeah. Literally. That's crazy. Literally Doing the PowerPoint like that's insane. Well and just how bad does the person hired have to be for you to have to do it And Like I pretty sure Lila was helping out around town. Yeah. Like that's crazy. And I was trying to pay her $4 a day. That's also n she's literally Taking it. Yeah. It's so fair. Well I mean fuck, I wanna like talk more about touring 'cause I am just so excited. This is Like, I think this is the last episode that will go live before we're officially out on the road.


So I mean we've been filming so much but like this is crazy. Like goodbye LA I know. Hello Norway. Hello Oslo, Norway and Paris, France. I'm like, no dude. It is funny 'cause looking back every time we've ever been in Paris, I don't think I've ever once met a Parisian fan. Like anytime in Paris, if anyone's coming up to me, it's people who are traveling, they're from America. Like I don't think anyone's ever been like Bonjour. I love the Cancelled podcast. Not once. Like they're just so classy there. But like it's showing in the numbers. So if you're literally like even if you're like an hour from Paris, like can you come on out so we don't have to cancel this show? Like I'm not even kidding please. And Berlin, Germany. I'm like even if you're in the us just take a flight.


Not that what it's, I'll pay for it just to like fill the theater. That's what it's gonna be. It's gonna be like bitches from Tampa who came out. Like we don't have fans in Paris. Like in the Greatest Showman when they hand out tickets outside Stop. Yeah. Like we literal. We might have but they wouldn't even want to. I swear the boys are so classy. But I mean let's Do a classy show. Never that Try. I mean it is just Like, I don't know. You can't expect to just have fans globally like selling out all of Australia and like the UK is doing really great. We just added a second show in London. If you're in London and you want to come, please come and Amsterdam. Oh yeah. Like to sell out. Most of these is such a blessing. Cool. Like I don't wanna hone in on the one show that isn't selling, but like please somebody help us.


Someone. Parisian. How do you say please? In French. See that's our problem. Probably Mass. It's Gotta be like Thank you. Thank you. Right. What's Parley vu? Sibu pla. Oh Is it Sibu play? I thought that was Sibu play. Buy tickets. Sibu play. Dude, you know, it was crazy. I didn't know you guys had fans like that in Australia. Australia's crazy nuts. I for, I didn't either but I like it makes sense if you think about it like, 'cause it is so similar to me, like just the white fox of, of it all. That's how I like compare everything. 'cause like the white Fox girls are so similar to like us. Yes. Even the other day we went to the white Fox event and all the Australian girls like, we're coming to the show. We're so excited for you to do a shoey.


And I was like, ah Yes. That was British. Huh? I think so, but I'm not a hundred percent sure Australians hard like nor Did I Are nar. Yeah. But like saying other things, I just go British When we're in Australia we need to meet up with the the Irwins Like Bindi Bindi. I think it's Rob, right? Yeah. Did you see whenever, imagine What He just did like a, he like stepped out in Sports Illustrated Rob Irwin. Yeah, I love that though. I feel like weirdly like we were a part of the Irwin Children's household and why is that one of those things? It's almost like there was like Steve Irwin, Mr. Rogers, JonBenet Ramsey. Oh, how Are you gonna compare those two people?


No, Like I need to know how you're gonna tie them together. I thought we were talking about like childhood, Like idols. I'm talking about like even just like fear of skunks. Like things that quicksand, things that felt so big. Quicksand when we'd like, like Steve Irwin's passing when we were like that. Did That was the Tiger Woods cheating? Yes, Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Like and now just the Irwin kids are all grown up. I would love to hang out with Miss Bindi. Imagine we get to Koala. I don't, she'd love to hang out with us though. I don't Think so at all. We were talking about this last night 'cause in Vegas, Siegfried and Roy used to have the show with the tiger and we were talking about how, I think it was Roy, one of them ended up getting bit by the tiger and that was like a pivotal moment in Vegas. Like everyone knew it was on the news everywhere 'cause it was like one of the longest running Vegas shows.


But it is crazy. Like what do you mean every night you go out and do it. Like imagine every night on tour we also had a saber tooth tiger on stage. Like I Just like started biting your ankles. Yeah. Like it's like that's crazy to like, you know, but Also it's Like I live that it's leave the fucking animals alone. Yeah. Like leave the fucking animals alone. Put shmoo back in the ocean. Put the tiger back in the jungle enough. Yeah. Like As you're Like I wanted me to koala me as fuck. Those just like don't seem real though. Those are like build bears. They really Are. They are. They're like kind of, they're bigger than you would expect. There are certain animals that I don't believe exist. Like just in the wild like hamsters for example. Like where are the hamsters that aren't in, you know what I mean? Whoa. No you wouldn't. Where? Where's a hamster Beta fish?


Where? Yeah. Where the beta Like I guess Peco. Only Peco. Oh My god. Wait, you had hedgehogs right? Yeah. Where the hell is the hedgehog? One time I had a beta fish and he went missing and then I found him literally dried up and petrified in my Sperry top cider. Swear to God. I was like, where did he go? How did get there? He flopped out. Landed In my, how did he just made some frat friends and he wanted to be one of the boys. I don't Know. He was, they're they are suicidal. They're known for being suicidal, which is like relatable, but Yeah. Wow. Yeah, I've always felt connected to beta fish. Maybe that's why I've always had a beta fish my whole life and every time they would die my mom would just replace it with a new one. And we're Like two beta fish if you think about it. Yeah. Like They put us in a tank together. We almost killed each other, but now we just swim harmoniously.


Yeah. Oh, Where are hedgehogs native? I love Amish Aaron Googling something from 10 minutes ago. It's my favorite name. It's Not that he's, he's late. It's that we're late to notice that he's done. No, I know. But it's just like, it's like my new favorite part of Cancel Africa, Asia, and Europe. But like, Oh my God, we should try to Find a hedgehog. What kind of climate do they live in? Yeah. 'cause That seems all over the board. That really does. That's like a, that's Like they're well traveled. That's like New York. Do You guys remember Tampa and Phoenix? Do you guys remember on tour when I had to have the bus? Well you, it was the middle of the night, but I had to have the bus pull over so that I could throw up And I got skunked. Oh My God. I forgot about that. God, Did you actually get sprayed? Yeah. Well like not so much though that it would like, Like I Could get back on the bus And I was okay.


But Like I still, It was so funny 'cause she was like just fucking livid the next day. And there's something so like cartoon character about like Brooke stomping around angry because she got sprayed by a skunk. Well in The middle of the desert I'm already throwing up and now I'm getting skunked. Fucking li. But just like arguably the funniest thing to be like furious about like, like so real. But just Like I woke up and it's like, ah. And you're Like I almost got sprayed by a skunk. And I'm like, What? That is some shit like straight out of Tom and Jerry. Like what the fuck do you mean? Yeah, Exactly. Like that's so funny. I'm gonna miss the bus on this tour. I'm Gonna miss so much. Richard. Oh my god. Our bus driver Richard. I have like the biggest, biggest like one sided.


I don't even know. Crush You could fantasy Crush. Fantasy. Yeah. I was like Trying to think of something that like wasn't totally creepy but No, but Richard was eating up unrequited In love with Richard. Yeah. No, I don't think it's unrequited. I think he would've done it in a heartbeat. And you guys would like write each other love notes. It was kind of poetic because like He was in love note he left. What did he, what was the sweet, he wrote like the sweetest letter the last day. It was like it Was on like a Dixie paper plate. Yeah, he wrote it To the door. Like he wrote like something like so sweet about all of us. And it was so cute. I love him because it was cute how we'd sometimes communicate with him in notes because like he'd be up all night driving and then we'd be like doing our thing all day so we wouldn't always see him. And then we'd like, oh my god, yeah, I'm gonna miss the bus so much. And he'd be driving like ripping his box mod vape.


Yes. And we'd be like just going through the back country. Oh yeah. There were some nights that I really was like, damn. Like I'm hitting the ceiling though. Like it was crazy. Like Do you think any elements of the original tour are gonna come back because of the lack of bus for example? Like the original when we first started? Yeah. I Mean we literally almost missed a fight today. I was just gonna say Brooke, did you fly today? Seen? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh yeah. We left Vegas this morning. That's why I'm not joking. I'm running off two hours of sleep and just pure fucking adrenaline. I love it. I Got, I got pseudo fed and Celsius Per panol. P DC Both fucking nuts. Combo Lethal combos.


Like that's insane.


I'm so excited to see Ethel Kane with Paige later this year, which is why I want to give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more. So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and CSA the weekend. Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live events like Ethel Kane with Paige Cameron in the fall. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10, so you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys. You can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Wait, how was Vegas though? How was the show? Vegas was fucking phenomenal. I just like anyone with a brain would argue that spending the final weekend before you leave the country for a month in Las Vegas is the dumbest thing you could ever do. Or like also replacing Coachella with Vegas because you want to like conserve energy and like be less dead. Like makes no sense. But like Vegas is just max consumerism, max fucking dopamine. Like I'm doped out, I'm Max, Like I feel Yay. And I feel like, because I know I'm not gonna go back to Vegas until like September. I like did my big one. I kind of, I went big. It was so fun. And like Trisha's show, I guess we should like talk about that.


It was like just amazing. I feel like truly, I was like, there's no better replacement to Coachella than Tricia paid us live. Like we have shallow at home, you know? And it was like the crowd was more fucking hype than half the Coachella sets that I saw. I'm not even kidding. They were like, well That's not saying much. Did you see what they did when they brought out, what's his name? Something Brian May When? Oh my God. When Benson Boone. Yes. Brought out the guy from Queen. Yeah. Dead silent. Just nothing going on. Remember I have so much to say about Benson Boone when we get into Coachella, that Happened when Billy brought out gorillas. Do you remember that year? And I'm not joking, the crowd was silent. Me and Kyla were going fucking ape shit. I was like, what the fuck? Like there's no way I can't lie around.


I remember being like, what? I Feel like it's a con. It's definitely a who is combination of things sometimes you like can't, literally can't tell what's going on. And then also like just the element of like, that's my Thing. I like can't see half the time. Like I literally just couldn't see who Billy brought out. But I, I do just wanna say I love Tricia Peda so much And I was so proud of her. Her Vegas show, she deserves it. She's like manifesting a Vegas residency and Like I could completely see it happening. She made me rap Hefner. How is that dude? I saw like kind of clips, but I feel like you kind of like you did what you do. Oh, you like, like completely got out of it by like, like you did the like who wrote this? Yes, yes. 100%. I put the mic to the crowd completely. Like, I think I said maybe like five words of Hefner actually into the mic because all you Have to say fuck on your bitch Like I am.


I don't even know if I said fuck on your bitch. Like I'm Hefner. I know. I said like, cash come lumps. I know, I know. I said That one. Is that a line? Yeah. Oh yeah. Which is crazy. Like no one should be wrapping the word lumps. It's funny, when I first told Paige, Paige was like, Tana, I could be on my deathbed and ask you as my dying wish to wrap after her. And you wouldn't do it like you love Tricia that much. And it's true, but The power that she holds, I'm not joking, needs to be studied. She's so amazing. Anything that we can copy from her show directly. Ooh. Unless we, unless we do a full blown dance routine. No, I'm not gonna lie. Like she made me want to tour music again. Like there is something like, or do it again like it, there's just something so nice about like having backup dancers and like the track playing and like people are hyped no matter what.


We have lobsters if you do certain songs. What about me? Oh yes, that's what I'm saying. She is like, no, she And I look like I'm doing a damn good job. But Like I really, I You Lizzie McGuire, I probably rapped like five words and, but it was, it was just like so fun And I love her and throwing at The like is so funny. No, it was fierce. I'm not joking to you Brookey. You should have seen the fucking crowd going ape shit for Tana and Tricia announced it in such a way where she was like kind of hinting at it, but like wasn't making it too obvious. She was like, who's the most famous person from Vegas? Everyone's cheering. They're like, Diana Going crazy. Like just hilarious. Elvis Presley. That's one person. I heard one person go Elvis.


And I was like, real. But then Trisha was like, oh my gosh, she's guy guys, you're right. Like it's Tana. She's Like, I wish so badly she could be here tonight. But you know, like she's at home preparing for tour and blah blah blah. Like She brought Tana's on her Instagram story. Like I'm in Vegas. You're right. Literally, Literally, literally. But Trisha like did it in such a way where like the crowd was like a little psyched out and then she came out and I'm not joking, like my eardrums were vibrating. Aw. I think that I really do like Tricia obviously also I was saying no to this. Like she was very much like, you have to do Hefner and you know, Tricia like so excited. And I'm like, what if we did Viva Las Vegas? I'm pitching other things. Like what if I was a part of Shallow and she's just like dying on the hill and like, you can't tell her no at a certain point.


It's like if she's, if she believes this to be iconic, it's Tricia Patas, it's her show. That's what we're gonna do. And I think, I guess I forgot how like even just seeing the tiktoks have like so many views and people being excited and the crowd was going wild. I was like, damn. Like she ate, she was right. And like it's also That you never do it. Yeah. That that's part of the like appeal is that Like, I cannot believe she did this again. Like I just saw someone say like, oh, I'll never do that song again. I was like, that's Tana and Hefner. It really Say, Wait what? You know, you go, no, I was saying to t like, were you on the, we were on a boat one time and Ty as a joke, like took the ox cord and put on Hefner. I'm not joking. She, I swung on him, stood up, she goes, who The fuck put This on?


I thought she was joking and she was like, whoever It's get the fuck off The boat. Ty's standing there like this. But Then he wouldn't. Haha. Funny. But then he wouldn't turn it off like he kept No, I think he Was trying to turn no, And then he switched to like w or something And I swung on him And I shouldn't have done that. And like, but that really is like how much I fucking hate it. Like I, and Like I always thought it was a bit when she was like, oh my God, I hate Hefner, I hate my music. I was like, oh, shut it like Hefner. There's, there's a lot bigger fish to fry than Hefner. I Agree with that. I just, all of it takes me, it just cringes me out. Like obviously for all the obvious reasons, but I'm learning to embrace it. Trisha's helping me. Like really, honestly, It was, it was a Coachella 2019. Yeah, it was, it was a time you had to be there, whatever.


I get that And I get that it resonates with people for some god forsaken, unknown reason. Right. But I don't know, it was great. Trisha's she ultimate hype woman. She was like, it's like Brittany coming out of retirement. I'm like, you are lost. It is, it is like that. I walked into her house the other day in a cheetah set and she looks at me and she was like, you look just like Halle Berry like, and pulls up this photo of Halle Berry in a cheetah set. I was like, Tricia, you are so out to lunch. My ultimate hype woman. And yeah, we love her. Oh, I love her so much. She's doing something special for this international tour as well for us. And it's so funny 'cause she's performing like radio city music hall this week and like how crazy Is that? Yeah. Like not, I mean it's not surprising, but it's like How do we, she's doing something else so crazy that people don't know about her somehow finding the time to like do something for our show.


Just she's the best. She's, I love her so much. It's, and our show is gonna be iconic because of, you know, multiple reasons. But her helping, I'm excited. I'm so excited. I'm getting the itch. Can't wait to go. But yeah, Vegas was amazing. It was the best little final send. I'm trying to think of anything else that happened. One of the brookie, I'm not joking, one of the, actually the craziest moments of my entire fucking life last night we're sitting at the roulette table and it's like, Tana me, our Vegas pals and we're all just like betting like whatever Deed to my house on the table, $20,000 down. She started like liquidating her assets. She's like putting the Van Cleef on the fucking table. She's like, okay, 5K on four, whatever. Worried about you. So she's starting to like get down on her money, like budget is low.


And she's like, what do I do? Like asking me for numbers? She keeps like missing. This random man walks up to the table, he's standing in front of the wheel, no one's paying him any mind. He's just go, he just goes 21. But he Is like yelling. He's going 21, 21. And I look At Him because being like, is this the only word he knows? Like it ki is making a whole bit out of it. Like he knows no other words Came up, didn't even say anything, didn't introduce himself. Just going 21, 21, 21. And so, Or originally they're like trying to shoo him away. And I'm at the point I think that when you start really getting down on money, gambling, you, I become so delusional. I'm like looking for numbers on the exit sign. I'm asking strangers. I'm like looking at what time It is. So like this was a sign that God just sent you up? Yes. I'm not kidding. I go, Tana, listen to him. Like he knows something we don't Like I he's this point, he's fucking omniscient.


Like I was Like, I was like, put it on fucking 21. And so she puts on 21, I think he says like two other numbers. She puts her things down, 21 Hits, Wheel spins, 21 fucking hits Every like at the whole casino screaming. And then he's not saying any other words, by the way. He's not betting on the numbers, he's literally just yelling even after it hits. He's just going 21. He's only saying 21. Swear to God. And then like he doesn't say anything else. And then he is like going 16, 16. We do it again and keeps hitting. He keeps calling the numbers. This happens like three more times. And then he just walks away. He doesn't bet, doesn't say any of his own money. He doesn't say Thank you. He doesn't say hi, You owe him 10%. At least it Was the craziest shit out literally. And we just kept going.


No, he was 21 all night and it was everything. Maybe it was his 21st, But like, not even playing his own chips, just like helping us out. And then just walking away into the, like, into the abyss. I swear to God he poofed away into a cloud. Like he Panic. No, it was actually, It was so crazy to begin with. I, He might've just been like a figment of my imagination. I'm so serious. You know how I keep going to places while something that I don't want to be at during like the time I'm there is happening. Like first I went to Cabo during spring break. Okay, so insane. I go to Miami, it happens to be music week. I'm like, oh my God, kill me. Now I get to Vegas And I get to resorts world where I always stay. And mind you, resorts world is usually pretty calm. I do meet some girlies and like people also know I love it. So they'll like come looking for me there now and again and like whatever.


I get there this time and they're having a sorority and fraternity, just college convention inside of Resort Hall. Was it a convention or was it a weekender? Like one of those, I think like the, the, the trips. I think it was weekenders. I've been seeing people painting their coolers. I literally, I, it's so funny, even when I hear the word sorority, Like I do think of you. And I was like, oh my god. No. But it was like, it was so nuts and just like, oh my god, crazy. But just college was there. And you can tell this, it was just, I Was gonna say kind of similar to like the 21 story. Something fucking magnificent happened at the roulette table. So me and Tana are sitting there minding our business, she's playing her numbers. And this guy walks up randomly, he goes, are you Tana Mongeau?


And she's like, yeah, I am. He grabs a chair, gets, which I hate when I'm gambling, especially when it's a man. Well I, it's fine when it's the girly, but I'm like, and then people will sit down to gamble just so that they can like grill me on shit. And it's like, I'm locked into black 11 hitting right now. Like, do you not understand the deed to my houses on this shit? Like, mind you, he's playing with like $5 chips. Like this man is just like throwing enough on the table to like be there at the table with her. So he's like, are you tmo? And she's like, yeah, I am. Like whatever. He starts talking to her. Mind you, I have on a bust down chain that says Tana around my neck because I'm about to go rap. No Wrong bitch. So he starts like introducing himself to Tana and she's like, yeah, I'm Tana.


She goes, this is my friend Paige. I swear to God I fucking hate straight men. This man doesn't even look in my direction, does not even acknowledge my existence. Just which goes anyway. So like keeps talking to Tana and she goes, this is my friend. Paige doesn't say anything, just keeps talking to her. Like at her actually talking at her, I literally go, He, he tells me he's the CEO of just college. He's trying to get me to do an appearance. Mind you, this man we're in high limit. The minimum amount that you have to gamble is a hundred dollars a hand. He's playing with $7. I'm like, you don't even have the budget for high limit. What do you mean you have the budget for me to do a college appearance and he's just yapping whatever. And then what happened? I was like, page what number? Right, right. No, but he's like, I'm not joking completely ignores me. I go, okay, period. Like what? I literally verbatim him.


I go, what the fuck does? It's like I'm invisible. Isn't that the weirdest thing? It Was so bizarre. So then he's like, his friend walks up, mind you, my number in roulette is black four. That is my go-to fucking number every single time. And I love hearing her, her say that I made her so Vegas. I know His friend walks up, I'm not joking. First thing he says is, oh my God, fuck, fuck four. Not Like I We're talking about four about to hit. And he goes, fuck four. And then he bets all of his money on 28 and then four hit. It was so poetic. It was great. It was, and and your your money was there. Tana's was, oh, okay, our Money. Because I Literally, all that really mattered. Like they spun the, we all go Tana bet on four, just like on principle. And it hit. And I, he lost all of his fucking ships.


It was like, thank God, I hope he chokes honestly. And then he came up 19 more times. It was, I, ugh. And then terrible. Then he had all the girls on FaceTime. So then of course it's like the women are on FaceTime, so I'm gonna be nice. Like I love the girls and the gays, but it was maybe just Not now. Of Course a man like that would just run just college. You know what I mean? It's, it's just like interesting. Sometimes the things people say and do, Like I don't understand how someone would think that I would ever like them or wanna keep talking to them if they're like blatantly ignoring my friend. Or just like the things, what happened at the Pickle thing where a girl said something to you? Oh my God, this is like, mean, this is kind of mean. But this, this girl was at the Pickle event and it's a group of like Ari Amari, Ashley Ty standing in a circle and this fan is like talking to them.


And I walk over to the group, like they're about to take a picture And I was just minding my business. And the girl goes, oh my God, wait, Paige. She goes, wait, wait, get in the picture. Get in the picture. You're, you're the most important one. Oh. I go, oh, that's insane. Like verbatim. I go, that's insane, Honestly. Like, so something I would say though, just like being an idiot, but I Know it's like, even just Like, I don't know, it's so wild. The thing sometimes that people say when like, coming up to you, Like I feel Like I, we just had, I don't even know if you clocked it, but we had a moment recently, I don't know wanna say where we were because it'll be Like, I don't, I don't know, I don't want her to see it. But we, she was talking to this girl and well, she came up to her and she was talking, she's like, oh my God, I follow you talking to Tana. And like it's just us three standing there. So I'm like kind of trying to get on in, on the conversation.


But like she, same thing, not looking at me, not talking to me. And I'm like, you know, saying the word and It's worse because it's so awkward for me. I want to be nice to this person who supports me. But like, But yeah, it's, it's like a long time now that they're talking back and forth. She's asking like, Tana, all these questions, blah, blah. And I'm like, at this point I've just like accepted I'm not in the conversation. And then finally she turns to me and she goes, oh my God, I I'm so sorry. I didn't even notice it was you. And I'm like, what does it matter if it was me or not? You know what I mean? Like, I'm still standing here. Like, it doesn't matter if I, you had no idea because she was like, oh my God, I like, I'm so sorry. I follow you. Like I I didn't even realize that was you. And she goes, take off your glasses. I'm like, honestly not right now.


Laughed up. It was so funny. It was just like, But it just, it bothered me kind of. 'cause I was like, who ca like, you should have acknowledged me regardless. 'cause I'm standing here, we're all three standing here. It's been like 10 minutes now. It is Weird because even if a fan comes up to me or Tana or whoever and like, they have a friend with them, but like the, the friend's not saying anything or like introducing themselves and like maybe like they don't know who we are. I always make sure to include the friend too. Like I'll, I'll meet the fan, right? Or like whatever. And then I'll turn to the friend and be like, oh my gosh, by the way, my name's Paige like, so nice to meet you. Me too. 'cause I've been the, on the opposite end of it so many times you notice it like, Yeah, because same, it's like if we're with t in public, like fans are gonna come up to her and just like talk to her. So then it's like I'm twiddling my thumbs like on the outskirts, which is fine, but it's like, same idea. It's Like, I Guess the excitement just probably ruins what like, a lot of people would normally have like normal social etiquette.


Like I, I can't imagine the way I'd act to Adam Sandler and a group of people he's with. You know what I mean? Like I do understand like to, Now that you put it that way, I honestly fuck coffee. Even everything. Yeah. Even like, we like, you know what people do. You know what my actual biggest this try being an influencer for a day. I have no pet peeve. I love meeting everyone so long, you know what I mean? The girls and the gays, everyone. But I hate, And I don't know you, this just happened to us. It was you, me and Zach. And then someone comes up, whatever, and they're talking to you and me and whatever. And then they turn to Zach and they're Like, I don't know, know you. I'm sorry, I don't know you. I don't know you. And like, you know, like she Doesn't Know you either. He doesn't do the internet. Like it's, you know what I mean? Like, you don't have to like proclaim to people that you don't know them.


And I was saying that my like, oh my God, just my least favorite interaction is whenever I meet a fan and they have Lorazepam, Louisiana, rich mom and she's standing there telling me over and over and over and over and over again because it's fine. The first like one or two times I'll crack a joke. No, I don't know you. I just, I don't know you. I don't know you. I don't do, I don't have TikTok. I hate that. I don't know you. I don't know you. I just, it's like, Sounds like you want to, I don't know you. I Like, I, because I'll always crack the joke like, you don't wanna, you know what I mean? Like I, it's better that you don't whatever, but like by the se it'll always be like 17 times that the rich mom is like, tsunami, I don't know you, you know?


And it's Like, I, I don't need you to, after a while it's like so rude. You know? It's like, yeah. Like you, I got the point the first three times. It's always, it's Always seven. Never necessary to the conversation at all. Like what does it matter? Like I don't know you either. I know. It's so bizarre. It really is after like the fifth time that it pisses me off 'cause it's like fine the first couple times and like parents always do that and like people always do that. Or they'll be like the friend who does that. But like, it's so funny. It's like you've told me 16 times that you don't know me and that's okay. We can meet right now. Like, hi, it's nice to meet you. I'm still a human being, right? It's just funny to me. I don't Know. Wait, Brookie, what'd you do instead of Coachella? Did you just stay here? I just stayed here. She blast cell but on, yeah, I, I I've been recovering but honest to God, I think this was my first time ever.


Well actually this was my first time not gonna Coachella, but I had zero FOMO at all. No, same. I Almost got a little bit of it one day, but then I called Bebe and she was in bed and it was like 6:00 PM And I was like, wait, really? Yeah. Oh. Like she left the Festival. She just, no, she just didn't even go to the festival that day. And I was like, no. Fomo. Bebe's not even there. Which Headliner day? That day two. So whatever that was. Oh damn BB Miss Charlie xx. Yeah, BB Miss Charlie. That's so surprising. Yeah. That's crazy. But that says a lot as well. I want, I will say like day one and leading up to it, seeing everybody get to Palm Springs and like even just people being at my house getting outfits and stuff and Like, I don't know, like all of that.


And seeing Gaga's performance. I had a lot of fomo. And then once I got to like Trisha's show, Gaga's performance was also like the greatest ever. Like I feel like Coachella hasn't seen something like that. The playing chess with her former self. Like it's, Oh my gosh, gosh. Sometimes I would rather see something like that though. Like where I can really see it. Like I wouldn't have even seen it had I been there 100%. Yeah. Like You wouldn't have known it was a chess board, just like watching from the Audience. And so Like I feel Like I was having a little bit of FOMO through that. And then I started seeing the surplus of misery tiktoks. And I never wanna like relish in a bunch of influencers Miserable. I did. I wanted to See Everybody miserable if I was Be there, loves company. Like I was like, and obviously Coachella has all of the things to complain about, but even like the car camping this year, Like I just feel like so much went wrong.


Very Fyre Festival vibe this Year. Yeah, she very anacon so much. I'm kidding. But like, so much went wrong that it was just Like, I, it's so interesting though. Like even I guess can we start with the, the car camping of it all in the camping? Yeah. I have never understood Coachella camping. I understand camping, right? Camping's cheap. You, you pack your tent, you go and you camp in the woods, you're with nature. Why the fuck would anybody want to pay $10,000 to camp? It's hot as a bitch. Is it $10,000? It's really expensive. It's Expensive as fuck you camp at Coachella. Even the like, but did you see the fucking showers?


Like even that? Yes. Even base level Coachella camping is thousands of fucking dollars. Did you see people bringing tables? Like a man brought like Ikea black shelves? Yeah. That's insane. To the Coachella camping grounds. Like at that point. But wait, okay, question. Is there like levels? Yes. Yes. Levels to like the camping grounds? Yes. Okay. So is it like, there's Like 10 Basically like the like for like $18,000 you can stay in like a tent, like a big like pre-made tent, but like traditional car camping. It is very expensive. But it's the camaraderie. Like I like this year obviously it looks like really crazy 'cause everything like kind of went wrong, right? But like, typically it's the best Coachella experience. Like I guess it's like from anyone who goes it says that they are campers And it's like you're staying on the ground.


I was not meant to live an uncomfortable laugh. No. Like it's, but Like, I'm sorry, bless your hard, but like you will pay $20,000 for a house and you'll still sleep on the floor. So like, I'm just confused. You're, I guess you're right. But like, just the showers and like the heat, like I'd rather stay in a motel six than camp. I know. But like, it's, it's like a permanent tailgate. 'cause it's like everybody's, you know, talking to each other and you meet friends and you go from tent to tent. It's, you kind of Got me there. You got me there. You're right there like 100%. I would like enjoy that. No, everybody who I know who's gone camping camping says that they would never do it any other way after having done it. Shit. Every single person. I think it Would be so sick too to like wake up on the grounds. And I did it once, but by like mistake. I literally like my friends were camping And I was so blacked out.


I stayed at their campsite. Was It fun? A blast. Damn. And like Party. But mostly because the next day I was a pick me or I, I am a pick me. So the next day I just like loved being able to say Like, I slept over at Coachella last. Yeah, no, that's everything though. Yeah. That actually does make like a lot more sense. And then what else? They meshed? VIP and artist. So all the influencers were up in arms about paying. 'cause I, if I had to Like, I feel like when I pay for an artist band, like 80% of the price I'm paying is so that I can enter and exit without all the chaos. Like, just like, it makes it so much nicer and like less lines and like all of the things. So to mesh that it's like, how the fuck can there be such a big price difference?


I saw some people saying that that happened and then I asked somebody else and they were like, that is literally not true. Really? Yeah. I guess I saw, I just saw James Charles like yelling at two times speed. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like Bebe had an artist pass and she was like totally different entrance. Oh. Oh. So James Charles Is spreading fake news. Yeah, But like so's we often, so like what can we really say? But yeah, I, I I spread fake, Although like stage coach for example, like stage coach, you can have an artist pass, but like, it's not the same as Coachella. Like you still have like a lot of the, like it's pretty much the same as VIP whereas at Coachella, like an artist pass like, makes a big difference. So I think it might've been like, since they are like the same grounds and stuff, maybe they started collabing on some ideas And like they got rid of the petty cabs because of too many lawsuits.


Well Hailey Beaver was still driving the golf cart. So dude Oh my god. All your team about this. And I feel like sometimes I like really wanna hold back about it because like obviously you get in trouble if you like Hailey Bieber these days. But Like I do, assuming no, I get in trouble For like not, I don't not liking her. Yeah, I get in trouble for like talking shit too. But I, yeah, there's, I'm with you on this one. I think like who cares? She's driving her boyfriend around. Okay. So yeah, I I I go on this whole pitch And I'm like, driving a golf cart is fun. All my comments. Mind you. Or you don't drive, you Drive a golf cart. I have driven golf carts, but I'm just on this whole tangent that like, driving a golf cart is fun. Like whatever. And I just think people Hailey Bieber could actually like drink Aquafina water and people will be like, Justin's not getting you aqua and like be up in arms.


And I do think there's like some validity to that. But then Paige and Ali were kind of being like, he's in the back. That is what, that's what bothered me nuts. And I she Drive in the car like she is a goddamn Uber driver And then there's a clip of him And I, it don't make my girl look too good. Like she's going in the front and of a car and he gets in the back. Like there's no way in hell I'm getting in the driver's seat of a car and mcco iss in the back, like requesting the cord. Like that's, that is nutty. You know, she's driving and he's like 67 degrees, please. Oh Yeah. And it's just, it, it is like, but If that is true and if that's the case, like a lot of these things are, people are saying, aren't we supposed to feel bad for her and not be mean to her about it?


Like, oh, like we're bullying her for having a husband that hate Her. I Agree with that. Like I do 100% agree that she gets the brunt of people hating her for her husband being like a dick to her, which is like fucking wild. And I love Justin Bieber And I hate even like, admitting that and that, that's I think where it comes from. 'cause even as a believer, I hate admitting that he's not nice to his wife. It's so much easier to blame anyone but him when you stand him that hard. But it's not the truth. Yeah. And just like the whole Hailey Selena drama in the first place, it's all because of Justin. Yeah. Like, and yet again, it's like the two women tails all the time. We all fucking know how it goes. But really, but I'm Thinking about him really, he's fucking problem. If I, if I was like, mcco, my tummy hurts And I really wanna lay in the back of the car, he would get in the front and drive no problem.


Yeah. But, but I don't know if anyone's tummy's hurting. Yeah, I guess she, yeah, it's been multiple vehicles across multiple days. It is just kind of giving limousine service. The One where like he gets out of the, or what is it? He's like run away from paparazzi. He skateboards away and she is running after him. She trips If that video existed, I'm sorry. You're just a bully. Okay. Okay. Alert. That's hilarious. And I would laugh if it happened to anyone because people tripping is objectively hilarious. I Agree. If that was a video of me, I would jump off the Empire State Building though. Like, oh my God, poor thing. Like, I'm not even kidding. I wonder like the same way how I feel about people playing like Hefner, like if I was her and someone like brought up that video, I'd be like, exile done. I hate people.


I Love them. Yes. Like, don't fucking bring up that video literally ever. Like, oh my god, I would die. So a firework from Green Day set went off wrong and ricocheted into the artist section. Ree was like right next to it. And so these are rey's words, but like Ree said that people were fucking evacuating like that. They had to like shut down certain parts of the artist section did get Hurt. I don't know if anybody got hurt, but I would do anything to see like Tara's world and James Charles running from the shrapnel. Honest God. And that's just, just me saying that because I'm not there. I'm being like, oh, Tana, if you were there and this happened the way you would be fucking free furious.


I would so baby you'd be freaking out Would be happiest. Motherfucker on the planet. 'cause imagine the lawsuit if you actually got injured. Oh my god. I would be, that's You're set for life. I like can feel my rage. I would be like if they were evacuating the artist section that I paid to be in because a firework went off wrong. Oh my. You know me, I would be fucking sister. I'm already not a huge firework girl to begin with. Like, I'm scared. We were at Cirque de Soleil last night and someone had a drum and they were like this boom boom. And she was like, she thought it was like an aerial strike. So it's like, imagine if she was there with a fire, even Flat on on the ground. Yeah, flat on the ground. Whatever White crochet I had would Be covered in the coach lit dirt. You'd be using me as a human shield. Like you'd be hiding behind me.


100%. Did you guys See the video of Kyle Richards on the street? Like some girl's like attacking her and she, she hides behind her friend who has cancer? What? Well, what does the cancer have to do with anything? Because like Why are you hiding? You're using your friend with cancer as a human shield. Well You're getting attacked and they might go anyway. Dude. Dude. Honestly dude, dude. I mean, I mean immediate Retraction And I don't stand behind what she just said. My microphone is flacid again. Oh my God. Can somebody help me with my placid? This was a good time for the mic to Yeah, it's like a mic. Literal, the Mic literally said tan one more time. Like take the mic away. It really Well it's like, she's like literally in recovery and Like I Like, I just can't imagine if my friend were suffering like that, throwing Hers.


I just wouldn't discriminate like cancer or not. You're gonna be my fucking protection. You're gonna be my armor. Anyways, Trevi said that it ricocheted completely toward Jaden Hosler and Shannon and Justin Horowitz. And I just think that that's such a funny visual. Like I just imagine Justin Horowitz, I love him so much, you know, he was like freaking the fuck out. That's hilarious. I feel like he's the type to just stand in place and just go, ah, like not move, not duck, just go. Ah. Like just that is so crazy. Town Claro brought out Bernie Sanders. I Just think it's like, did he he Diddy Thing? No, and then he speaks, it's just like, it's so funny to me because it's just like he's not a musical guest.


Like, like That's really funny. Like imagine someone brings out like Bill Nye the science guy. Yeah. Like oh my god. One time I was at life is beautiful Las Vegas and Bill knight, the science guy was brought out by someone as a special guest. But I just like, That's a really specific, I do love an excellent use of like free will. Like it's, it's almost just like, how funny if you have a Coachella set and you're Like, I'm gonna bring out Dr. Phil, I'm gonna bring out Kamala. Like, it, it is just like, it's so funny to have a politician main stage and just Bernie Sanders. Like if you told me one year ago today someone was gonna bring up Bernie speech, but I His, dont you make sense of Bernie? Did you watch his speech? No. Can I see it? Can We pull up? Well it was like really moving and like incredible. So it's like, not honestly, it's kind of Like I, it's not sad, but it's not funny.


Oh. But imagining Bernie, Bernie Sanders scanning an artist wristband to then walk Backstage is so, it's honestly so amazing. Like On the back, back, you just walking by and like, honestly, he's On the back of A golf cart. Like, what the fuck? I think props to Clara for bringing him out. Like seriously, it was such a moving speech and Like, I don't know, Obviously very moving, very beautiful and like amazing work. I just think again, yeah, like imagining Bernie Sanders on a golf cart. Like so iconic. So hilarious. So incredible. Oh, I love him. So he's like so much. Oh, dad is sweet. Look at him. Oh my goodness. I love him so much. He's Like with it though. Like, you went on this pa this past weekend and like, no Way. Yeah, he was probably getting down at Bra cell for Sure.


He did that with him. That's, Oh my God. Like I have so many questions. Did he stay for the other days? Did he go to Charlie XCX? Like did he get a Popsicle? Was He at Revolve Fest? Yeah. Like, oh my God. It's just everything and more. I really actually do love it. You know that guy David? D four VD Uhuh. I don't care how, Oh my God, I love this video. Video. Can we, can we please play a video of the Tape? Is he the one that like did the flip? Yeah. Yes. Well, Didn't do the flip Actually. Well, I dunno would call that. Yeah, No, no. Oh my God. The way I would never get up again. Oh my God. And That it's How he was like so Many times.


Honestly, you know, Benson Boone was backstage like doing some mind control. They, he was, that's so Ben Boone has everybody thinking they can be flipping and it's so fucking I, here's what I will say though, I think it's like kind of iconic for him in the sense that it made his performance much more like memorable and viral. And Like I was Just saying that, I was saying this about Benson Boone's onesie because like people were clowning it, but I'm like, if I were him or if I were anybody, Like, I would love to do things that like, make people talk that like aren't negative. You know what I mean? Like, God forbid you wear a onesie. Well, God forbid you faceplant on stage. I love Benson Boone's little flips. So fucking some of them are Big flips.


He did one very big flip, but I'm surprised he still has both Patellas. It was off like a two story building. Saw that. And I love that he keeps, he like started on the ground doing a back tuck, then he moved off a piano. Now he's going off two stories. Like Benson Boone is gonna be flipping successfully off the Empire State building, like, and landing like a cat before we know it. Like it's, I just, well Imagine how much, like what a huge loss he would take if he ever like tore his acl L oh my Career ruined His entire career. But I'm really at the point where I feel like he's gonna flip out of a fucking helicopter. I'm obsessed with it. I'm obsessed with how committed he is to it. And I just love it. That's crazy. It's Just funny.


And mind, mind you also, it's not like Benson Boone makes like ooh ass music. Like he is hitting that full vibrato mid flip. Like singing beautiful Things is like the hardest song to sing as is. And he's literally like back tucking mid air. I am Like, I'm obsessed with it And I seriously, a lot of people hate it should be Like, I don't care. But that's, that's a good example of what I'm talking about. It's like, like if that's what people are talking about then like slag. I know. I just, I feel like a lot of times I bring up how much I love Benson Boone's flips in real life and people are like, no. It's like, stop whatever. So whatever. And I'm like, listen, we have one life to live. Life is short. We're all flipped out. We're gonna let people do it back clip and let people cut their eyelids off. Seriously. Yes. Yes. And I think he should be like literally the biggest artist in the world.


I really do. Do you think we could get Barney Sanders on Cancelled? Yes, definitely. I actually did. Yes. I actually do think so. We totally Should. Like imagine. He Would be so fun. I would just love that we're like gay center thought daughter. We're like, so how do you feel about an upper bluff? He's Like, I had one. Alex Earl got in, not a fight, but a tiff with a woman at Coachella because Alex was dancing, doing her big one. And then I guess like the woman was a bitch to her. And then, yeah, I Have a whole take on this. Yeah, I actually just made a TikTok about it like a few hours ago. Dude, I swear to God, I think that they should take every person who goes to Coachella and just split it in half and just categorize it between the people who wanna rage and go crazy and the people who just wanna chill and observe.


Because that was me last year when Lana Delray was playing. Oh my God, I forgot. Wasn't it Alex Earl? Isn't that funny? Oh yeah. She was like right next to us. Full circle. Paige was like, Paige Was Alex Earl in this situation? Like flailing during Lana? Oh yeah. Me and Tyra were taking, forgot about that each other and spinning around because it's like, Lana, you Smacked the highlighter off Patrick TA's cheekbone. No, I didn't. And I'm tired of the the Fake news. I was there, I saw it. Fake news. Fake News. No, but no, but that's not a bad thing. Like you have such a point. There should have been an observer section and a rager section Because also it's like, if I'm watching my favorite artist, I'm gonna like let loose completely. I'm enjoying myself and like that's how I want experience the concert. And also it's like I'm looking around And I feel like the energy around me is so fucking dead and everyone's just sitting there like this, not singing, just watching.


Which is fine. And like that's your way of enjoying the concert. But for me, I'm like, oh my gosh, no one's enjoying it. I wanna be around people who are also like going crazy and singing every word and like, ha like having that same experience. And then also the people who are just observing, who are witnessing me being a catastrophe are probably like, get this bitch the fuck away from me. Yeah. So it's like they should honestly have a section for people who like wanna rage and go crazy. And then one just for people who wanna chill. I Agree with That. I feel like I've been both of these people in, in this scenario. I've been like the person who's literally Like, I can't believe you're ruining my experience because like you have to be doing a Benson boon back flip in the fucking crowd. And also like, yeah, I've definitely been both, but I'm so much more of an observer. Like at Coach, even when you and Ty were doing that, like drinks kept getting spilled on my shin And I was like, oh my God.


Like I just, oh my God. When in reality it's like that you're raging and you're doing that. I wish I could be that so bad. Like even just seeing Alex Earl be like, people don't dance anymore. And whenever, anytime I dance I feel so performative. Yeah. And like really? Yes, like same way. Like I don't, I just, well just, if I'm truly like really enjoying something, I'm almost always like, just staring like in awe. The only person I'd really go crazy for is Like, I don't know, honestly, I don't know. I do Molly at Like, I Like, I can't help to hit like a little one two step. Like if I'm hearing a beat, Like I have to hit like a little boogie. And I, that's everything to me though. Like that means you're feeling the music and you're naturally doing that. Like if I am dancing, if you ever see me dancing to music, literally ever just know in my head I'm like, okay, wait, now I'm gonna swing my arm up and then now I'm gonna move my leg like this.


Wait. And especially like being perceived Like, I can't imagine how you feel. 'cause like people are recording, you know what I mean? And I feel like I'm doing an eight count. Like truly, I'm like, okay, n now I have to sway my hips. And now I have to, but now because naturally I don't wanna move. Okay. I guess that's the difference. Could like, because for me it's so natural and it's Like I wanna like boogie It up. Yes. Like, And I wish I was that girl so bad. Like, so Like I have to every doesn fun, every single word to want a boogie. Like I don't ever want a boogie unless I'm like, like so obsessed For sure. Like, oh wow. Like I just got, someone posted a video of me at NASA Barrett And I Like, I was so mortified because first of all, Bebe is like, we're just absolutely like busting down. Okay. And I'm sta Like, I'm literally like this.


And every of every comment was like, Brooke is having a horrible time. Also. Like, so much of it is that my bones hurt. Like even just, it's the same thing with like rollercoasters. Like if I'm dancing, I'm like, oh my God. Like ow. Like this is exhausting. This is cardio. Like I just wanna like sway. And you know what that is? Coachella is so exhausting. It's ER's Don. Yes. Which is a very real disease that I believe in. What is that? Do you know like the situation where someone made a TikTok and like diagnosed Tana with this new disease? It's not a new disease. No. It's very prevalent and a lot of people have it and they suffer silently. Basically. She, she took a, like, she Took me discussing every single symptom that I've ever had and put it together in a compilation.


The top comment is like, Tana would be in a coma if she saw this. Like, because it's, it's putting everything I've ever said about all the things I like, feel ailments together and saying, you have, I have this disease And I think you do too. And then of course have, she sends it to me, oh, stop. And I fucking, she got so mad at me for sending it to her. So like, Oh, 'cause now you're spiraling like, Oh my God, I up till 5:00 AM back like joking around. I'm like, oh, it's probably not even real. Like I've never heard of it like joking around and I'm getting cooked because people are like, she's downplay everyone's experience. Yes. And so it, it is very real. And it has a life expectancy of 48. And now I'm aware that I might have it. No, but that's like, that's, that's the, there's versions to it. There's levels to it. Now I've looked into it because I, I want it to be educated on it.


And I think you have the more mild version, which a lot of people, so you think I have it? I do. Wait, can they test for it? Like, what is it? It's just like people, they don't diagnose people with it a lot because it's like, it's like one of those things that like, you have to like literally ask to be diagnosed with. I think because they don't really like think, oh, What is it, Elmer's Glue? I think it's Apparently, I don't know that that much about it, but It's called Ellers Don Lows. Ellers Don Lows. Yeah. But a Lot I Like, I thought it wasn't that common, but like the comments on our episode were Like, I have this. Everybody has as We Wow. Yeah. I don't think you have it. I mean it's, it's every symptom. It's like even down to like how I always have to sit on the floor. Like there's a name for that.


It's a Car, it's something with your cartilage. Like, right. I don't know. I thought it was with collagen. Maybe it's collagen. So Does it cover all of your bases? Like coughing, like Insomnia? All of 'em. So it's frequent peeing Umbrella for you. Yeah, Peeing. Okay. O over. Yeah. This makes sense because I, when whenever I see you like this, I'm like, yeah, she's got it. Yeah. Like, yeah. Oh Yeah. When she's sitting with like this. No, even last night difficulty concentrating. There's so many. Even last night at Cirque de Soleil, genuinely, we were sitting there in the seat for like one hour And I needed to like get up so bad and walk the aisle like a dad. You Think teeth, you think problems?


Yeah. Scroll up. Scroll up Up a little. Wait right there. Scoliosis, thin corneas. Lemme see. Do you have Thin corneas? Actually, I don't know how to see that. Bowed limbs. Oh my gosh. Do you know for a minute I was like weirdly attracted to people who had bow Legs. Maybe that's why you like it. No, It is a thing. I knew this girl who had, who was bow-legged And I was like jealous. I was like trying to hot to figure out how I could make it happen to myself. Oh, well Guys who have like kind of slight bow legs, I'm into it. Slight. Especially if you're tall. Yeah. Okay. I'll ish enough with the Google. I'm loving It. I'm sorry I went off on a tangent, but I just had to, to acknowledge that it is very real and you are valid and you are seen. Yeah. And I might be a part of your community. Any fucking guy. Yeah. We need to separate the rages from the non rages and everyone will just be so happy and everyone will have a great concert experience.


'cause everyone will be with like-minded individuals. Yeah. You can always just walk away. Like if you're by somebody who's like doing something, you don't want to like be around. That is the, You can't like be a bitch to someone for dancing. Yeah. At all. At a festival. Like at the end of the day, Like I do understand the disconnect And I very much am the observer. And sometimes I'm like, ugh. But like at the end of the day, I know that it's like, it's the same thing as so many things. It's like walk away away. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Alex Earl hit me up. We'll have so much fun. Yeah. You guys could hit your rage. The devil works hard, but Harry Daniels works harder. I just feel Like I, I ha don't really have like a point to what I'm saying right now, but I feel Like I saw at minimum 17 videos of Harry singing at people at Coachella.


Like he is so fucking impressive with it. Chris Jenner should employ him. I Would Not kidding Anything to have that level of like confidence. Oh Yeah. And like drive, like after I sang it like fucking yoba gaba and sha booze, I'd be like, yo, I'm done. Like, I'm gonna go into like, you have to really sit an artist and like, and just wait It out. Yes. And like, yeah, he really found everyone And like, just handling the rejection or the awkward, Like I think Dixie Emilio verbatim said to him like, I've had nightmares about this moment. Like, like that, that she literally said that I did. I I get that. I didn't see her video. He was singing sometimes I don't wanna wanna be happy. Happy and it was amazing.


But it is just like so funny. He sang at Shazi. I love shi boozy so much. I don't know if I've ever gone on the record to say that I'm Shay's literal biggest fan. You know, me and Bebe went to dinner with Shazi. What, What Story? Storytime. Storytime. We went to dinner with Buzi. We, I don't know if I want it to be a Storytime. No. Mini storytime. No. It was just funny. Like he performed at like an aloe event and we left like Yeah, it was like, it was like, I'm imagining bitches doing Pilate. And he's like, someone put me up a double cup wi It was, he was, it was, he was like, it was so strange. But then they were like, do you wanna go to dinner after? And Bebe was talking to him and she was like, what's your name? And he was like, Shazi. He's like, you know my name.


She's like, your name is not Shazi. It's Shazi like that. You think he's a little like, No, I think he, I think he warmed up to us, but I Would be really disheartened as a, as a fan. I, to be fair, I know I don't know his discography at all. I only know someone pour me up a double cup of whiskey. But I just love him. Like I, and like even just the name Buzi, Like I just, it's like everything. Like I wish my name was Buzi so bad. No, he was, he was really fun. But it was Like, I can't even remember if he actually went to the dinner or not. But he was, oh my God. I would do anything to go back in time. So you could say, my friend Tana's a really big fan. I just love when Harry Daniels finds people that like match his energy. Like Alex Cassani. Did you see Hers? Well, she fucking fun. Well, Like I swear modeling is her side hustle. Like she has a fucking entertainer through and through it.


Oh my God. Her ability to match, like people who have that ability to match anyone's energy is so impressive. Oh my God. I need to chop it up with her. Should we need a martini with that girl So bad? I would do anything to hang out with her, but she's just like, she's too cool for me, so I'm gonna leave Alex Sani alone. Even just, oh my God. Like Her chicken shop date. Did you see, because Charlie had the camera to Alex and Quinlan and Gabriele. Yes. And then Kylie was like behind them and hiding Kylie's so real for that. Like, you know, had she tried to like catch the same vibe as them, people would've cooked, cooked, cooked. Like, which sucks 'cause Kylie's the it girl, like she's everything too. But just like the way people like love those fucking, she Literally dropped girls to the ground.


Did you see her? Kylie Did. Yes. She dropped to the ground. No way. So that she was the only camera. Yeah. Yeah. That's sad. Girl at the Apple dance shamelessly. No, I, she dropped to the ground and Timothy was right there, so I would've been down there too. I had a Dream about him last night. I'm so parasocial with their relationship. Like I, oh my God, I, And I can't say anything I want to say like literally at all. Like if those, if the words I wanna say came outta my mouth, it actually is like muzzle stat podcast over Me too. And C Jen would have a head out on me. Oh. I mean, I'm Wait, who's team are you on here? Oh, I'm te I want Timmy. Oh yeah. But I love them together. I love them together so much. Happy free. I love him so much.


Like, yeah, it's just there. I can't even, the video of them like making out, Like I, I'll sit there and like watch it. Like, oh, I don oh my god. God, you're hung Up. Like, I just, like, it's not anytime I see a video of Kylie and Timmy interacting, I'm not watching it once. Like, I'm like Yeah. Enamored by it. I love It for her. Let's stop while we're ahead. Yeah, yeah. Stop Started. Stormy lock screen. Stormy lock screen. Yeah. Nobody has everything to do with Timmy. Yeah, because I didn't feel that way about her and Travis. Yeah. Like I know, I think like now in my, in my brain I'm like, okay, they're a cute couple, cute couple and like it makes sense to me. And like all the clips I see of them interacting together, I'm like, wait, they love each other.


Yeah. And they're so, and Like I watch the Lip Reader readers. I'm just jealous. I literally watch the lip readers. Like, I have to know what I have to stop. I love when people comment though, like, what do they even talk about? I'm like, you don't know them. I know. Like, you don't know what that person even wants to talk. I also always think about the fact that even just like Stassy baby and like Victoria Villa and like fucking Carter B, like, they're all so funny. You know what I mean? Like so funny. So it's like she's funny. Like, you know what I mean? And she was so funny on like vine and shit before the internet made her stop being funny. Like, Yeah, we internet ruined Kylie. It sucks that people like diminish her to like, you know, not being whatever. I was gonna talk about this girl Brie Olson coming up and confronting Josh Richards, but I don't know anything about her.


I don't either. I just know we don't like her. Yeah. I, she lives at my old house, which is funny. And I think at one point she was online saying she was like still getting my mail, which is like, just funny. That's all I know. I Bothered to learn, but I know we don't like her. It's the bad mom bucket, right? Like she's, Yeah, I think so. What Happened? I literally do not know. I just know this woman is like literally famous for blowing up outside of whatever her niche was for being like a bad mom, whatever. So like, her and the guy, And I think they run in the same realm. Like weirdly a connection to like Santos and like oh, the, like the trevinos of it all right. Am I right? Yeah. And then she like started beefing with Josh Richards somehow because I think like somebody said that, or she said that they were rude.


Yeah, I'm making things up, but, And They're so, Honestly, I'm tapped in. They Go up to Josh Richards and they're trying to make it like a fucking fight. Oh, Santos trying. So is is is that as Santos man? Oh, that's actually crazy. I did not know it was Santos. Oh my God. I love Gabby. She's like, come on Josh, wait, play it. We are a different tax bracket, Bro. If you have something to say, say it to her face rather than say, He's just saying like, say it to her face. Say it to her face. Say it to her face. Say it to her face. And we've already heard the Santos cult allegation, so you know his jaw was swinging, right? Mm. With the demeanor of a fucking silverback gorilla. He's fucking scared.


That's, it's just, I don't know. I feel like Josh Richards is like, he is like a little businessman. He wears his little golf polos and like, he like, you know, he was just like, what the fuck? Yeah. Like he's not swinging, he is not squaring up to fight some Scout man. And just like, you know, he walked away like, kind of Like I am above whatever just happened. Like, you know what I mean? Entirely like just and rightfully so. Like that's, that is just wild. I think that we should finish out today's episode by reviewing some Coachella fashion. Thank you. I'm sorry for it. And I do just wanna say, I feel like in the past few years of reviewing fashion, I found myself being nicer than I used to be due to, you know, the world kind of scorning and whatever. And Even Just looking at Coachella and not being there, like not having the desert air rose colored glasses on.


Like, I'm not also wearing 17 belts. You know, like I'm just looking at it. I feel Like I really saw things for what they were. And like, I'm so excited we Had 2020 vision on these fits. Okay. But don't, before we get into the fashion, I wanna talk about a girl named Katie Fang. I don't know what she does, but when I go to her TikTok, she has 6.3 million followers and her pinned video is her posing in front of herself on a cess billboard. So I presume brand safe, Cutie little Alicia. Alicia type. Yeah. That's how it, that's how it feels, right? She posts a TikTok of her Coachella Day one outfit. It gets 16.7 million views and like, oh, Is it the fucking, the gold shirt with the bubble?


Like the black bubble skirt? Oh yeah. That shit was ass. Oh, okay. Wait, okay. I'm so excited for this segment. Here's The, here's the thing that I wanna say though really quick. She was on like every single thing about like, horrible outfits. Like the top comment was Katie Fang. So I obviously like looked into it And I saw it and I'm like, okay, I expected this to be like a way worse outfit. But what I wanna say is that that skirt was the problem. Everybody's commenting like the most horrible skirt ever. This is disgusting. She's horrible. People are also Ever so insane in her comments. Like, yeah, no, give me that ticket right now. Why are you wearing a scrunchie? And guess who wore that skirt? The very, very next day. What? Like, fucking Kylie Jenner, Alex Earl. Nah.


And no one said a fucking, The problem is not the Skirt, The shoe choice, The Everything has me clenching, but I don't wanna be a part of the problem. Like, I do not think at all that one person should be the poster child for bad Coachella outfits or hate. There are so many people that need to line up if we're, if we're, you know, putting them on the Yeah, On the stand stand. Like I kind of wait for how viral it went though. I'd be like honored. Like, you guys think I'm the best worst outfit. Yeah, That's true. I used to aim to get worse dressed for things all the time. Yeah, We know. Yeah. Dollar bill and Like Yes, 100%. And it's Like, I don't know why I caught a stray there so hard, Brooke, but I don't know either.


I'm sorry. I got grumpy. I don't know what happened. But Yeah, it's the shoot. You See this? Well actually it's the everything. What? I don't, I don't think It's everything. I think if she had a high boot on, like, it would just be in the category of all addicted, revolve baddies. Like the shoe is really what like makes it Yeah. I really don't Like, I, it's just the shoe, in my opinion, if she Had on a knee high boot, I know 73 bitches who would wear that? Yeah. I think it's, Yeah, that's Tara yummy. If she just has a Kneehigh boot. Well, I mean, it'd be Tara yummy with like a fur choker, but Yeah. And a full sleeve or something. Yeah. But like, I mean I, I definitely, I don't think she deserved, 'cause I'm not kidding Paige.


Like I was seeing tiktoks with like 3000 views, right? Where like a girl would just be wearing an outfit and be Like, I don't know if my outfit's bad. And the top comment would just be like, Katie Fang with like the blue search so insane. Like, she was like truly like, Like the blueprint for like the worst dress. I don't, Yeah. And I saw so many worst things and it's just like wild it like, yes, the shoe, it's a little, you know, whatever. But also it's so wild the, the climate that we like live in because it's like these bitches who are commenting like, yada yada, this is the worst outfit, outfit ever. This is disgusting, yada yada. Like, your boyfriend's cheating on you. Yeah. Like, I think that's about it because I'm like, why are you so upset?


It's one thing to be like, that's a shitty outfit. But it's another thing to be Like, I can't Bully. Like Yeah. I'm Like, well, we're up. Like where are you Anna Winter? Yeah. Yes, exactly. People are up in arms and it's like, Where's your Artist band? It Is so crazy that like, this went so goddamn viral over just like a bad outfit. Like you think that's someone would just see it and be like, damn and scroll. But like the way that this got so much traction around No, there's think pieces. Pieces there a bad fit. No literal think Pieces. That's insane. People are writing like a college dissertation about this. Like, that is so beyond girl Top in a black, truly like, Like This got more traction than Like, I don't know. I mean she chose it for her Day one outfit outfit. She loves this outfit. Yeah. And it's just Like, I, it's sad at a point where it's like, can't people just be happy and live and like post their little Coachella outfits and like whatever.


Like, damn. Like the whole world doesn't have To be have to go like onto braid. I be Like, yes. Shit's ass though. No, I think Raid Coachella outfits is fine, but I think crucifying one person to this extent and Letting it literally hurt your feelings. Like these people are like losing sleep over Katy fang's outfit. Like get the fuck over it. Also, I think certain people are outfit people, right? Like put James Charles on the stake. Like he, he's known for the outfits. We're gonna talk about the outfits. Like Haiti Fang is a CTAs Dream Beam billboard girl. Yeah. And she got some revolve credit and it's like, god damn. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like give the girl a break. Okay. Are we hopping in? So I think, yeah, I guess we just hop in to this.


Did y'all see these underwear? Can we do we have another wait photo of Julia Fox? Wait, I think it's Fabulous. Really? I'm obsessed with her outfit. Really? It, it's fabulous. Fabulous. But the underwear have like a little, the underwear look like my underwear when I think my period is over And I free bleed a little. Like they have like a, like a brown like, like area like gusset, not Just the stitching in the middle. They have a brown gusset, but it go no. And then there's like a Yeah, I need to see a different angle. Yeah, you need like this photo you can't see. I think it's absolutely amazing. And it's Julia Fox pre usual just kind of taking it there, like wearing a crazy thing and just like, like what's on her eyes? I love her. Yeah. It's so Fabulous.


I feel like she'd be one to wear like her bush outside her outfit or something Friday. Yes. Which I love. Like, I mean she never doesn't take it there. I also kind of love that she only went one of three days. So Julia? I think so. Oh See Zoom in Zoom. Like really in on the puss. Mimick Sure. Mimick the bush are are we gonna do that one sec? He's trying, is it supposed to be like bush cosplay? I don't know. Like paying homage to the bush. I don't know. And kind of iconic if so I, I Agree. I never know her vision though. You know what I mean? Like we can't be in the mind of Oh, I think it's just the area of like tights, how tights have like the little pussy patches. Yeah, I think it is. I think that think it's just for tights. Cross The pussy patch.


Yeah. But it being like such a darker shade. Like it's No, no. Oh, That's how tights are. Yeah. Wait. Oh yeah. No, it's just, Yeah, that's just the part of her tights. Yeah, But like, look At this. Wait, let me find, that's Just how tights are. Yeah, that's the gusset of her tights. Wait, That's like the builtin. Yeah, but look at it here. That's The gu. That's the tight gusset. Yeah. No, it's, oh, that's an old tights. She's not wearing tights Teeth. She's wearing tights. It's those are tights. No, she's not wearing tights. That's Why. Oh. Do you think she put tights on like for the festival and just had this No swipe. No. Look, that's, she's wearing tights here. Yeah, that's tights. 'cause look at the ass crack. Yeah.


Swipe through those Photo. Yeah, that look at that photo right there. And tell me she's not wearing tights. Yeah, no, those are tights on the, On the left. I think she probably took Pictures down. Yeah. Yeah. She's wearing tights. Oh Yeah. These are tights. That's her gusset. Okay. So clearly, Clearly I'm missing And I'm obsessed with her outfit to be honest. I think if Wait, because It's Julia, she could like, Hello. No, I ab And I love like, now that we're just getting into it more like the whatever she has on top, I don't even know what that's called. A bolero. I don't know. I love the look And I love her and it's just clear that like Julia Fox is operating on a realm that I'm not even a part of. 'cause here I am thinking she's making like a free the bush or period stain movement and it's just tight.


It's Just her gutted. But I don't know. I'm like, I'm struggling with Charlie, but I, I think that Charlie probably just knows something. I don't know. That's the thing. It kind of looks straight outta wet seal, but I'm so into it just 'cause it's her. Yeah. But I feel like she's always like somewhere before I get there. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I'm gonna get there probably in a few. I love the top, I love the outfit. I kind of do just love seeing people because I feel like Charlie X CX would like wear this in New York City. Like I kind of, I love that she, I expected her to kind of be like, not too Coachella out, duh. Yeah. Just like wear a good fit. Right. Just Like a cool girl outfit. Okay. Who's next? I'm ready to cook. Wait. Wow. Yeah, I guess like Claro love, hate love, love, love. I don't like it.


Love. That's also my girlfriend by the way. She's Fabulous. I don't like her outfit. Wait, I think I'm so into her. Please don't It for her. Please. No one bully me. Seriously. I don't have her. I like It for her. No, you're allowed, you're allowed to have opinions. Brookie. Well, I only say that because Like, I have to not like at least like two in here or I'm just a bitch. No, and that's real. No, I think I love it. I'm Just kinda like, yeah, sleigh. The fabrics. The textures. It's her. It works. I just like, whenever I wear a mesh top I smell really bad. But also It, it's so dependent on the person wearing it. Because Like I got Like, I, No, I don't get a mesh smell. Yeah, you do. Okay.


You know, don't get a, a smell from like wearing that. I get a latex smell bad though. No, but you know what I'm talking about. Like when you wear a mesh top and like you smell really bad. Not mesh. Oh. But same thing. Or like cheap leather. It's like fish. Ooh, that one's cool. Oh, I just think like, okay, nevermind. You know what I, I wish she had Bernie Sanders match her in this. I'll never get over that. I'm just so hyper fixated on that. Like I, Coachella has never seen a politician main stage. I am obsessed with her. Like the headphones that she's wearing. I don't know why I love those. Yeah. She's also just really hot. I've never noticed. She looks like a Herbert twin. She does look like a Herbert twin. She looks Alicia. Alicia in this photo. Okay, next. Next. God I love him. I love him so much. But what the hell is he wearing That baby? That's true. That Thought. Worst choice of all. Oh.


Oh my God. That's so fucking funny though that it took us Like I that long. Well I, I knew I was looking at Troy Sivan, but then I read it And I was like, Wait, no. I really was like, Timmy, Timmy, Timmy waits this choice. Sivan. Like, it took me a minute. And that's so funny 'cause I was gonna go on this whole tangent about how I love that Timothy goes like Adam Sandler mode sometimes. And now it's Troy Sivan and like, And I can't say Troy Sivan went Adam Sandler mode. I just, was he sweating? I would be so sweaty. I feel like his pants look like ai. I love that. Like wash of pants though. Like the Like fake denim old school. Like It's not fake denim. It looks like it. Like Look at the draw string. It looks like fake like denim. Right. I love it. Other than the cross body strap, it makes me feel like he has on like, something to go on a rollercoaster or like a seatbelt.


Like I wish he just, I would literally like love it without the cross body strap. And maybe a more fun sunglass. I'm gonna give this a seven out of 10. I'm Gonna give it like a four five. And I don't like it four or five. I don't like it, but I love them. It Just like, you threw some shit on to go to Eron, I guess. No, but I love the shoes. I don't know. I like it. But I'm in my chill cell enjoying chill cell. I Love Chill cell. I kind of wish he had a different glass though. Next. I love him so bad. Perfect. Flawless everything. What kind of Mad Hatter Shit? I'm obsessed. He Said Mad Hatter. Do not disrespect my king. That is like, if if just know that if I die tomorrow, this is the only thing I care about. I want him at my funeral.


You Have been saying that recently. Like you said that to me like a couple weeks Ago. I bought 'cause I bought his Funko Pop Stop So much. He's just so talented and no one ever talks about it. I didn't know you. He played at my college. I didn't know you were AAN girl. Well that's, you don't know me I guess not Nice to meet you. It's ass. He looks amazing. He looks like he's in the Greatest Showman and Willy Wonka. And what If this wasn't T-Pain? What would you have to say to him? I would say he looks like garbage Next. Oh my God. Get Speaking of looking like garbage. He looks awful. Four loco can.


Oh My God. He looks terrible. That's Horrific. Oh My God. And sweaty. He looks really Sweaty. It's so funny because there was just such a big time of my life where I would not date a man unless he was wearing this in the grocery store. This in the grocery store. I can't stress it enough. Like if I was going to CVS with my man and he didn't have at least something dangling around his head and like a neon camouflage That fucking shit. Holy. It's also his, him being tall. Like his his bills. Yeah. He's, I mean he, I he just looks like he took a friz shower. Do you ever think about the fact that he, he just like, he, he is dating Megan Fox.


Oh yeah. But like, oh my God. I mean I love machine gun Kelly. Like, you know, but this is, This is atrocious. Crazy. It's awful. You know what's wild that I've been How he tattooed his whole body? Black. Yeah. Like he covered up all of his, like that part of his arm is not a sleeve. And like He'll wear Yeah. He blacked out his whole, all His sleeve. No, Like I, 'cause I saw like a tank top cut off. Is this all ink, right? Yes. Like he'll wear a suit and like no shirt. And it does look sickening sometimes. Like, honestly sometimes I'm like, serve diva. That's Cool. Is this hair green or is that just like Reflecting? I think he swam too long. I also like, well I'm not just gonna be Like, I much prefer him without facial hair.


It's like, shut up. No, he looks awful. It looks like Fa Banks. Yeah. Fa Banks outfit. Yes. Yes. Oh my God. Yes. Everything perfect. Oh My god. Mother All the way down to the solid fingers. Oh, oh my God. I actually truly cannot believe Previous Coachellas, I would've been asking her for a bump with those fingers. You know, it's like, that is a good Coke bag finger. I absolutely love it. Very American Horror Story Realness. Mm. I'm just, I'm obsessed with her. I mean, we knew she was gonna go all out, but just like 10 times more than you could ever imagine. Gaga's so good at that. Like truly During this performance, she had a bunch of backup dancers also wearing similar costumes and they, they were all white.


And at one point she kinda looked like a biblically accurate angel. It was so insane. Damn. Yeah. 'cause like the way that they all surrounded her, it was so Yes. Biblically accurate. Judas. Yes. Yes. I love her so bad. Paw up monsters. Yes. I can't believe I missed it. I know. That is like the only thing where I'm like, damn, I would've loved to be there for that. Like with Trevi. Just Yeah. See on a whole ass vibe. That's, well, like that's the thing too. I saw so many clips and Like, I stand with Alex Earl, so many clips of like the audience during her performance and everyone like looked so dead. I'm like, hello Miss Poker herself. I'm literally such an observer. I would've been like, rah rah. But having the time of my life. Yeah, that's so insane.


Like, oh my God. Like silently enjoying just, Just enamored. Like I truly, and again, ler Dono. Maybe I'm fucking autistic. No, I don't think so. What The hell? There's no fucking way. No, But she's so camped. But this is from this year. I'm obsessed. I love It. That's a Z mannequin. And I would absolutely love that in a meeting this week. Like I, She looks like she belongs on the white lotus. Like she escaped from the cast. I just Like, I love Emma, Robert. I think she's just like such a bit, You know, when sometimes you go to run an errand, but you want to feel cute. Like, like if I was like woke up on a day And I was going to the DMV, but I wanted to feel cute, like this is what I'd wear. This is like what I would wear to present something like in eighth grade for like a business pitch.


I love her. I do not. Yeah. She looks awful. I do not mind the, like, she looks like she's flying Emirates. No. It looks like she's a part of junior achievement. Like, no, I don't, I don't hate it. Like in general, like to the point I just, for Coachella, this is so funny to me, is that Hand is that hand sanitizer clip to her bag. And I Love her like mace pepper spray. Like, And it's not like Emma Roberts is like 65. Like she didn't have to do herself like this. She's And I amm probably gonna get so much hate for this. And every time I like fucking go in on someone's fit, people will then like compare our careers and like dore Like Yes. Like I, Emma Roberts is Emma Roberts.


Right? Like please do not compare w as a music video to her in American Horror Story. Like I'm not, I know I'm not better than her. This is just very funny. But we have to say someone looks awful and it's gonna be Emma today. Well it's just like, that's so funny. Looks amazing. Like me at a PTA meeting next. Please. I love it. Although did she wear those shoes to Coachella? That's great. Like Actually at the festival. Good for her. Like walking through the grass. I know she was, was sinking. No, But I love, like, you can say it's boring. I don't care. I love it. It's so boring. I absolutely love the dress. Like I think the dress is beautiful. I would've loved it with like a grungier set of accessories and shoes.


But What? She's Not grungy. No, No. But she'll go street wear sometimes. She really will. Like I would've, or even just Coachella ated it a little. Just a Little. That that's what I was gonna say. Like the outfit's cute. Like it's not a bad outfit by any means, but like for Coachella, I wish she did a little something more like Even just like a studded shoulder bag. Right. Like even just like, or like a fun healed Booty. Even just, or like cool jewelry. Something to spice it up a little. Yeah. I think she just Like, I guess I'm looking at her and I'm like, she's the outfit. Yeah. She's so hot. Yeah, she's soft. Well and Like I do like that she's very cool girl. Very like, you know what I mean? Like I could, I wouldn't if I saw her right now with rhinestones all over her face and like that bubble skirt and like whatever.


I would be like, Leah, you're above that. So Like I do, I don't hate it as much as I hate other things, I love it. But I would love a Coachella ated accessory next. Yeah. It's so funny. Yes, yes. Yes. What's yes? What's yes, Paige? I don't know. I I think she's just so hot. She's just Wearing a T-shirt. Lord. It Maybe I'm just ranking it like Yeah, You're basing it like on how much you like that, How much you want a scissor. Ah, Lord could actually run me over with a semi-truck her on stage in like what looked like she had just been released from prison cracked me a little bit. But it's very lord like, Like she just fixed your HVAC system. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Oh my god, she's so fine.


And I Are those Reflective pants or are they just gray? I don't know. They kind of look reflective. Listen, I wanna a lord, Like I, I love her. Like is she on her bus? All the Lord music, like all the things I love Lord so much. My One of my me too. But this outfit's really bad. My, I think my favorite Coachella moment of all time was after I got arrested, I got released And I walked down and Lord was performing green light. And I was like, oh my God, I just got the green light. We're so fucking back. That's so funny. Like, wait, I just got confirmation that she wore this on stage. Oh, this was, well yeah, She was kind of stamping around in her ankle cinch jogger. Like she really, like she did her. She Did her. That's kind fun though. Like I just like, I'm too cool to be here.


I'm so into it. Yeah. I also think like it's, there's probably a Lord vision that I don't know about. Yeah. Again, she's probably somewhere where we haven't gotten Yet. She's like ultimate cool girl. But are we also in a time where we're sitting here saying ultimate cool girl and like she wore gray joggers? Yes. And like yeah, Like I don't, I love Lord so much. I Love this Furley outfit. Perfect. She had one awful outfit. And this is not it. This is Fabulous. I think it pays homage to like true Coachella fashion. She's doing it for like the 2013 Coachella And doing it very successfully. Yep. And like Charlie Als always does Coachella really well. She, yeah, she's very with her Coachella outfits very classic Coachella always almost like, why do I feel like she's like hugging a version of Vanessa Hudgins?


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's, I love that And I, I just absolutely love it. She is a little Coachella queen for the way that she, you know, And I also just love to see her at Coachella this year. Not with Landon Barker, not with Faze Banks, not with whoever the fuck just doing her Charlie big one braids down to her hips being that bitch. Yeah. She is tiktoks Vanessa Hudgins when it comes to this shit, in my opinion. She Did the fringe and like the old Coachella look without being Chuy Chelle. And it's funny 'cause it is a certain type of person. If I wore this to Coachella, like, eh, Eh, Wrong. You know, like it's, it's, I Don't know. I love it. I love Her. Her long black hair and lack of makeup, like her, she is boho chic next.


Aw, stop. I'm like, guys, don't be mean. No kidding. No, I love her. I I shamelessly love her. This is a bad outfit. I mean, Is this seriously what she wore to Coachella? Or is this like a prank? No, I think this was for, this was for a party. This was for the 8 1 8 party I think. Oh. I have got to be smoking the ha I've gotta be smoking that road pack bro. Because I'm about to sit here and say she looks so effortlessly. You're like this fucking outfit. No, and I'm sitting here saying, I wish Leah could wore like a, a studded boot and then I'm gonna sit here and say no. She could have at least done like a dangling rosary or something down the open back. Like, I get disappointed just because like, Like I based like what I'm gonna copy for the entire year based on like whatever she wears at Coachella.


So it's like, fuck you didn't gimme didn't gimme much Dress. You know what's funny though is like how like when you have a driver, they have to like be dressed up in like, you know what I mean? All black attire. Like maybe she was just, now I'm just kind. Oh, You She was driving the black car Team of my on right. Yeah. You're you're lost. I'm, I'm definitely, she was probably just tired of whipping. I don't know what I'm doing because I love her whip. Yeah. She Doesn't whip have enough time to put together an outfit. She, she's on the clock. She had to go. Oh, I'm sorry. She's a new mother. She's probably focused on mothering her child, right? No, And I am baby. You're right. I am just like, I mean, listen, I love that are of my dress as much as the next person. She could have given us something down the back, but again, she Looks gorge.


She like literally is fucking stunning. It's just where's the outfit? Yeah. I would've loved her to have like a bauska or given us a new accessory of the Year. Yeah. She needs a ba boka, but she probably put it on at nighttime next. You Know one thing about Paris Hilton though she is can do, I'm gonna be walking in with tennis balls on my fucking walker at a nursing home and she is still going to be at Coachella drinking baby's blood looking this young. Yeah. Wearing this shit. Like, I'm not kidding. 50 years from now, she's gonna come For like visitation hours for you and be like, is Diz here? Yes. Hide. She's gonna be in a white version of this in 40 years looking this like it is.


And like, it's so funny because you don't even have to know to know. She definitely has like a neural link or something. Like she's not human And it's like truly like you wouldn't have even had to show me this. Like, she's so classically Paris Hilton at Coachella every year. And I love that about Paris Hilton. Like she, she's not following a trench. She, okay, you wanna Talk about having fun at a festival? Have you seen her, like her security cha Absolutely chasing her around the festival. My Love that so much. I also love that everywhere she goes, there's a holographic car. Like the fact that there is a holographic car in this photo, even in Coachella Valley, like the holographic car follows Paris Hilton everywhere she goes. Like, You know, she used that to like get from stage to stage. Okay. I just want to say Yes Dude.


And I might be so fucking Not a good screenshot, but Had I been at Coachella, I would've wanted to be wearing exactly this. And I'm so motherfucking stoked that I wasn't there because like literally this would've been like what I had gone for probably. And then imagine being compared to Alex Earl, I would've had to jump off the Empire State. Yeah, she looks amazing. I love this outfit. Honestly. It's fucking fabulous. I don't know if I love the necklace, but that's it. That's my only note. Love. I like The necklace because It's she, because she's Alex Earl. Do you know what I mean? Like her wearing her name, she's, it sets her apart from other bitches. Who could maybe, Didn't you just tell us like two minutes ago that you were wearing a Tana necklace?


I love that. I love when a bitch wears 45 belts like so fucking much. And Like I absolutely love it. How do you them to stay in, in the same spot? I feel like they would just be going up and down my body the whole day. Speaking of belts. Oh, I've never thought about that. Did you see the video of Justin Bieber at Oh my god. Whose set was it? But his pants were like literally to his knees and it was like a belt holding them up. I'm surprised Hailey wasn't being the belt. I've gotta stop. I love her. Yeah, no, I don't get No, because No, I'm serious. It's, I don't wanna perpetuate this. The jokes are just like riding themselves right now. I'm in that mood. But like, no, I love her Low hanging fruit. Alex Earl's day one outfit. I just wanna go back really quick. Was my favorite outfit. Love. Like, I loved it too. Like I loved it so much With the necklace is so bad Necklace.


Really? I don't think it's that Bad. This was my least favorite of James's OUTFITS. Really? I think you and you have aless chaps to choose from. And you think this is the worst? It's, yeah. No, not of all his years. Of his three days. Oh, not of all his years at all. Are you? That's hilarious. I think I Like it. I Like, I like a fake wet outfit. Like fake wet dress. Fake wet shirt. I love a fake wet outfit. I think that he, I wish he was Fully wet pieces. Like I wish his skin and hair was wet too. I think maybe it's chug dalicious, like with the carabiner, like with like the pearl chain and like the pearl bag. And I hate the pearls on the body. It looks like barnacles. Okay. It Kind Of makes my skin crawl. Please come.


I, When I tell you like if I had to pick the number one person that I'm scared to even say anything negative about, I'm gonna go James Charles because he would actually like have a bullet point list. Like MLA formatted, like all fucking citing his resources of reasons why I'm wrong. I feel like James Charles could convince me why I'm wrong about not liking this outfit. Like truly he is like, but I think every single piece was put together in the dark. To Me it's Almost Like I wouldn't hate that those pants with a white wife feeder. I wouldn't hate that bag with an all tan cargo fit. I wouldn't hate the pearls on the eyes with a super boho chic outfit together.


It's costumey. It's almost like Halloween. Yeah. Like he's going to like be a mermaid or something. But I feel like he's always gonna go costumey. I, yeah, it's not that like if the wet top was with wet pants and like a silver, shiny textured bag, I wouldn't, I just together. Mm. But honestly he's making me feel seen 'cause his hands are so red. And that happens to me too. Like when I get hot my hands get really red and swollen. No, you're coming for his physical appearance. I just said he's making me feel welcome. Oh my god, she's perfect. I fucking love it. Take off the, is it off White. Is that the Hat? Yeah. I don't know if I made the hat, but I don't care. If she could do, she Could. This might have just become my favorite Coachella out outfit. The rest of the Fit Chef's Kiss.


This might have just become my favorite. I like really love it. I really love it. And Like I, I'm imagining drunk me running into her in this. I would've been trying to scissor. I would've been Like, I love you off white. I am offwhite back at, I made Off White. I created Offwhite Scissor Me. I'm Virgil Ablo. You're stealing her hat like as a way to flirt ripped from the grates. What does that mean? I'm like Freddie Mercury, But like same with Charlie Lio. She's ripping from Vanessa Hudgens. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. This is the new generation. Benson Boone could kill a family And I would say yes King. Do another flip. I Said it in a good way. Like yes, rip from the greats. Oh, Okay.


Okay. Actually, I don't Know. Like I love it. I'm well, yeah. 'cause isn't the body suit like originally Elvis I, me saying bodysuit like it's a skims waist shaping like that is the wrong word. I love it. Oh my God. I think he could do no wrong. Terrace World was just really funny across all of Coachella on her social platforms. 'cause she like said something ruined her day and then wouldn't say why. And like then people were like, Like I, I need to know People thought she was fighting Alex Earl. Yeah, it wasn't her. Oh Right, Right. She brought a cat to Coachella. She brought a cat to Coachella. So valid. She has like nine of them though. That, that makes sense to me because it's like you can't leave a cat sitter with nine cats.


Like you have to bring some with you. I Also find it very funny that she was online asking her fans to Uber her a tank Air Tank top and people were up in arms about that. I will just say excellent use of your platform, queen. You know what you wanted a tank air tank top and you fucking got it. I don't think people should be mad about it, but I was imagining that the outfit like needed a tanker. Do you get what I'm saying? Like what's A tank? A Tanker. It's a brand that just makes like snacky good quality tank tops. But like, oh, Is that it? Yes. Like, oh no, she Got the tube top. She got the tanker tube top in a size extra small. Did she wear it with a different outfit? I don't think she ended up wearing it. That's even funnier that she utilized her platform to ask her fans to bring her a tank top and then didn't wear the tank top.


I mean it's ass love her so much though. Yeah, listen. But like let's keep it a book. It's so shit. I think some people dress for their comfort and that's fine. Like I don't think she tried to enter that outfit Olympics. So therefore let her tank air it up. Yeah. Yeah, Right. A hundred percent. She was going just casual. Troy Sianna and Kylie Jenner. Oh my God. My husband cheating on. Oh, Timothy Chala. Mene and Kylie. Jen, you're so fucking funny for this Deon. I Love it. I hate it. They are literally look awful, but I think it's amazing. Yeah, they Look like shit. Love it. If I was in nine belts And I saw her, it's so crazy.


The influence Kylie Jenner has on me. Like I would go home in a and change. Like it's, oh there's something. She does just make everything so effortlessly cool to me that I'm like the 10 and it's so like, what Were you just looking up? She Like, I'm not joking. When we were on in Vegas, she was like on Depop looking for, what was it A miracle hat that Kylie had or something? No, No, no. I was gonna buy a $1,600 bracelet that I don't like because she wore it. Oh yes. Which is crazy like yeah, truly I don't like it. But like she wore it and she made it so cool to me that I want it now. I so get that. Like, especially I'm like a notorious copycat. Like that's all I do is just copy, copy, copy. It looks like he's about to Like, I don't know, go to the Adirondacks or something.


Does he have a camel back on? I was just gonna say, That's iconic. I love that I was, because I remember somebody commenting on his thing and being like, what could he possibly need to carry in that backpack If he has a camel back on. I, I would love to bring Camel backs back. Like do you remember like at EDC when people would have the camel back and be, it would like be cool to be like, you'd want the chewy one 'cause you were on Molly and then you'd be like super hydrated Or you'd put Molly in the camelback. I, that skipped me. I think. Yes. Camelback. Yes. Dream sponsorship. Oh my God. Oh my God. It's so funny That you fucking put this on here because I screenshotted this today and almost posted it to my story for no reason.


Wait, I'm, I literally, I'm sweating. Wait, what am I looking at? Jro and Yoba gaba. Wait, Why? First of all, why is he with Yoba gaba? Because Jro is an icon living, I literally almost put this on my story today for no reason. And then I was like, I'm going to actually, I'm putting it on my story right now. Was this like on social media? Like was this on TikTok? This was on j Rod's story today, so I need to reply to him right now. It's also Paige's husband with yo gba gaba. Can I just say that I love him so much And I just love, like weirdly, if I was at Coachella, I think that my, Like I would've, my end goal end game would've been to like take slutty pictures with Yoba gaba.


Like to get all of yoga gba gaba to like do this. You know, like, can they see That? I don't think, it doesn't look like they even have a hand. Yeah, I don't know how many fingers they all have actually. Or if they're allowed to do things like that. But I, I'm kind of really into them. Yo gba, gaba, even just Harry Daniels with yoga. Gaba GABA was my favorite. It beat Bernie Sanders and Claro for me. Like it was my favorite crossover. I love the risks that Jro is taking with this outfit. Imagine He's really supporting Pride on his wrist. He's an Ally. Imagine smoking a Blunt with Harry Daniels. Yoba gaba, Bernie Sanders and Claro Jro. Oh, One more by the way. Oh, oh my.


Oh No. Put it away. This is embarrassing. See? Funny. Wait, Brooke, you ain't down with this. I might not like, I mean I wouldn't, I don't think it's a outfit. Why would you pick that of me and then that of Brooke? You could have gotten me like last year in my like little fuzzy skirt and wife Peter. No, no, no. I Honestly actually Like, I still like this outfit. You know what I remember, I'm not even kidding. I That was The times though. Yeah, I remember being like, my shit doesn't stink. Like, you know what I mean? Like don't fucking look at me like my outfit is better than I remember I met Kylie in this outfit. I was like, she thinks I'm so fucking cool. Like I was literally Like, I thought I was so cold. You Know what though? Tea. Like for the time it was Cool. It was and Brookie. But I know you still have that entire thing in your closet and this is your sign to throw it out for That was go or make an archive.


I actually don't, I've gotten rid of most of that. You know, that was the most Googled outfit of that year. Really? Above Beyonce? Not, is That a good sign or a bad sign? We don't know. Wait, that's crazy. And then I got cheated on looking like that. Imagine you get cheated on, but you're also wearing space invader glasses. Like it's like hello? Like no wonder he was probably Like, I just want an ordinary for It. Honestly. I want an Ordinary girl, you know? Oh wow. Wait, that was exhilarating. I liked that wild. That really was wild. And I apologize if I said you looked awful. I just wanna say once again, I have no room to be talking about anyone's anything. And once again, me not liking an outfit is not a career comparison.


I'm sure whoever I did not like has done more successful and noble things than I, I don't know shit about shit when it comes to anything. And if I said your outfit was bad, I sincerely apologize. And I Wanted to talk about like James Charles' other outfits too. Like I wanted to give him a redemption arc. I like should his little tape, McCree jort, sporty spice moment a lot. We should do any of the fits that we missed, like on Patreon or something. Ooh, Very Quickly. Wait. Really quickly before we end the episode, do you have a confession that you have for me? Yes. Do I look any different to you today? Oh, are you wearing tapes? So, And no, you don't really? No. Really? Because Head hurts so bad. Are you doing 'em here or Here?


No, I taped my face here. I've tied it in the back of my head. I mean, Koa, he had his foot on my scalp tying me, but I'm trying to test out my new cheek. Can you not? I mean you look amazing. I think it looks great, but I think you look great without the tapes. And also, But do you think I look different right now? No, I didn't notice the, I didn't notice the entire time. I mean, somewhere along the way during this episode it became like, like you, they're on your cheeks. Yeah. Now that you pointed out, I can see like a little tape. Wait. Yeah, it's really reflecting in the light right now, But okay. No wait. They we're just here to get the vision. Like, okay, let me undo them. And then let's see. Oh wait, wait. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Take off in real time. Okay. Also, your biggest idol, the person you like look up to the most for fashion and everything in inspo.


Miss Kylie Jenner has nasal labial folds, But she also has a scar right here, which means that she got the surgery that I want. And look at that. It still didn't really work. I think it did work. I think it heavily worked. Okay, let's undo it. Ready? Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm taking it in. Okay. Wait, see, that's so wild. You see, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna undo it. Okay. No, I'm totally kidding. There's actually no, no Difference. Nothing happened to your face. Not one difference. But I Was thinking you looked amazing, but like literally you it like it. Nothing happened. I watched it. Wait, I wanna try now. It took me like an hour to do like damn.


Like Doci really is doing her big one with that. She was my inspiration. I was like, damn. Like I wanna be a face tape girly. But apparently it does nothing And I look exactly the same. That's what Macola was saying. He was saying, you look exactly the same, but I just want this. You're so crazy. Crazy. Yeah. You're My new log screen. No, I think think you look very, very beautiful. Well, I was hoping that I found a new beauty hack that would, you know, be sufficient for me. I also Have Well if it makes you feel good. Oh, I was gonna say I also have a confession. Oh, okay. I have a boyfriend. No, no, no. Do you like, are you seriously dating someone or what's going On? I mean, we're seriously like dating, but we're not boyfriend girlfriend. But I do have a man that I've been talking to. How long and how come you haven't told me?


Because I was waiting to tell you on the pod. I met him at a funeral, which is so typical for me. Wait, Oh, we did talk, we did talk about him a little bit. Oh, we, On the last, the last time you were on an episode. So you guys are still seeing each other? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My, my man who chews on sticks. We're going on a date tonight. Wait, yay. Where are you going? I can't say. Oh, why? Because I don't know. Oh, Okay. Like all cryptic about it? No, I just, I I don't know where he's taking me. So this 11 is how many dates? This Is date? Three. How many dates do you think you have to go on before you're officially dating? Like Five, six. Literally two. I'm like, I'm ready to like get married A third date. Like if you really think about it like a third date, third, like that's a lot of fucking dates.


I Know. And you know what's crazy too? Like we haven't fucked yet And I feel like usually I'm like a first date. Don't care. Like three vodka crans. Yeah, I'm throwing it back. But like, we still haven't done anything. Like we just had our first kiss last date And he gave her this purse. Look how cute. Wait. Yeah. He owns a vintage store. Wait, so look, he, so This bag, I love it. I love that little tail on that side. Wait, turn around. Isn't it The tail That I'm Obsessed The other night it was at the Edge sole patch. The other night, it was at the edge of the bed while Paige And I were asleep in Vegas. And I woke up to myself twiddling the tail with my toes and it was so soft. She Was like flat ironing it with her toes pinching and grabbing. Love You. Even in my sleep.


Do you think you'll do it tonight? I don't know. I Shaved. You need to consummate your marriage. I Fully shaved everything. You don't need to. Oh, I know, but my stomach's kind of like, it feels like boots in a dryer or, so I'm kind of nervous, but, so wait, I don't even know what that Oh, okay. You shaved so you're ready for it. I'm really, Tell us about him. Like what do you like about him? Oh my gosh. Well it was so cute because we went on our second date and we went to the sushi, sushi restaurant and we sat down And immediately just got into like the most incredible conversation. Like, he's so intellectual. He's so funny. He's so nice, so interesting. And the waitress came over like four separate times before we even touched our menus. Aw. It was so cute.


And just like, none of the conversation was surface level. And he asks like really cute personal questions. Like he, he goes, describe your room to me. And I was like, what do you mean? And he goes like, if I walked into your room right now, what would it look like? He goes, would there be piles of clothes on the floor? Like, are you neat? Are you messy? Like, do you have makeup on the floor? And I was like, wait, that's so cute. So I kind of started like describing like my bedding and stuff and he goes, what about like your, your trinkets? Like your knickknacks. And I was like, And you love a trinket. I love that. And I have so many knickknacks and trinkets in my room that like, that's, oh my god, that question like made me melt. That's So wait, I'm you. And he's just so, not like any straight guy I've been with because we sat down for the second date and immediately he goes, I have so many questions for you.


Which like creamed my panties immediately. 'cause it's, Which is so crazy that the bar is so in hell. Like a man asks you questions about yourself genuinely. It's like, when does it happen? It's huge. It's huge. Like it's so rare to find that, you know, because Again, it's like always a one-sided interview. It's like I'm sitting there asking 'em questions like they don't reciprocate. I'm like, what the fuck? Yeah. And whether it was a good date or not is like completely dependent on you because it's like you were the date. Correct. Correct. But no, he's great. And like he checks all my boxes and wait, I'm So Excited. She's been saying he gives Post Malone and I'm so excited to meet him. Oh yeah. Fun. Yeah, he Has like, like a little rat tail or something, but I'm kind of into it. No, I love That. I think that's why he gave you the rat tail bag. For sure. I love that. And I like paid obsessed with That. I'm not kidding you. If you came over one day and you were like, this is my new man and it was like a too hot to handle.


Ah man. I would legitimately admit you somewhere. No, no, me too. Like you need your cigarette boy. Yeah. You need your No, he's like a little, he's like a little post Malone, like a little rough looking, but I'm super into it. Oh. I'm Like obsessed with that. But I don't know if I would like to see somebody on a podcast calling me rough looking. No. Like he's got gr grit. He's got grit. He's got grit. Does he have tattoos? Yeah. He What's your favorite one? He has like a Bugs Bunny on his obsessed. Yes. That's exactly what I wanted. I was like, but Like he, he's kind of like me and boy form like smokes his six chooses sticks. Loves, loves vintage shit. I don't know. I'm like, that's my man.


No, I'm so excited. Oh my God. He has like an iPhone fucking two. That's just such a green flag. No social media. It's so hot. I love it. No, when a man has a fucking iPhone 3G it's like, you Know what's the cutest thing too? So we have a mutual friend and he was talking to her about me and she was like, be honest. Like, have you looked Paige up at all? Like online? And he is like, no. And she's like, she hand on the Bible, like, tell me. And he's like, no, I swear to God. I, I haven't. He goes, I, he goes, I enjoy meeting her in real time. Getting to like learn her and know her in in person. Yeah. Lock in your answer Paige. You need to consummate. Yeah. You better fucking bust it open tonight. No, I'm kidding. I know. That's exciting though. That we all like just, that's so good. I feel Like I know, I finding, you know, just through life, through LA especially, all of it, like just finding men, the, you know what I mean?


Who are off their phones and wanna get to know you. For you it's, it's hard days And have jobs. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. So rare. Thank God. But yeah, I need to, honestly, I need to leave because I have a date with him. She has Hard out and she's gonna go busted open for her Post Malone and his tail. Are you gonna join us on the Patreon or? Oh, I can't. Paige Cameron, Thank you for joining Brooke And I and we are so excited to tour the world with you. I'm so excited. I can't be Brooke Oslo, are you Paris? Please help me look a little less dumb here. Like, oh you're in Tampa, Florida and you wanna catch a flight to Paris, France. I'm about to expose everyone on stage in Paris, France just to guarantee they get a good show. Yeah, we should give 'em something special. We really should. Yeah. If You need a ticket, DM me, I'll put that show on my Apple card and Thank you for tuning in.


We love you so much. I love you guys so fucking much. We'll talk to you in the next episode. Yeah. Bye guys.