
Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Hello And Welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast. We have our favorite friend in the building. This is true. Ew. What? You hate that? Yeah. Yeah. Amari really hates that. Do They hate it too? I think they do hate it. Yeah. Do you hate it? I hate everything. Today's episode is a timeless episode of the Cancelled podcast. We're shooting this on Wednesday, April 9th at 8:22 PM But who knows, this could come out in August, you know? But just know that I don't still have two black eyes. What'd you just call her? Bluff? The Vampire Slayer. Yeah. Bluff the Vampire Slayer. And Natalia, she's My friend.


We work out. Whom? Natalia Grace? No, the VA player. She's like, yeah, I bench her. Hey you, you know what I'm using good American family, But I know what you're talking about. But you know what? We need to introduce a segment on this show called What We Got Wrong in the last episode. I think we've been trying to do that for a long time. You know what's funny is sometimes I will see online people like, can they please just do their goddamn research? Lemme answer that for you. No, but, but seriously, like sometimes I'm Like, I Like I do get fried or fried up. I get fired up. 'cause I'm like, why are you coming at us for educational information? But also like, sometimes we'll be saying stuff that's like, how the Fuck?


And you say with your chest, oh Like so confident. But that's what I learned. That's what, that's what I was taught is like say things with confidence. Yeah, Confidence is key. But I'm just lying to people. I Was just saying some wrong as it's like buzz light. You what? On the moon? I love when we get a laugher in the audience. I know. When you get a laugh room in there, it's as good as a good bump. I'm gonna tell you that much. I Made a good joke earlier and I'm not even kidding. I've been on a high ever since. It was A joke. Yeah, you had to be there, Right? What did we get wrong? What did we get wrong? Oh, we got wrong. Natalia Grace was not a little woman. She was actually only eight years old. Dude. All it's, I don't know. I know she's A real woman. I The fucking Show me either.


But I have been seeing it all over TikTok that she actually was eight. But it's like, who's lying? You? She's like, what? Really? Well I got in trouble. 'cause like she, I sent her that TikTok about her having like El Eller Danlos syndrome or whatever, like the the Or whatever. You're already being dismissive to the Community. I'm sorry, but like it's this, this syndrome and like this girl had made this video about it And I sent it to Tana and Tana freaked out on me. She texted me like death threats Diagnosing me with the syndrome, with the average life expectancy of 48. But God forbid I just tried to like raise awareness or something, Raise awareness. I said it to Tana and then she's mad at me about it. So on the podcast I'm like, no, no, no, trust me.


Like it's probably not even real. I've never even heard of it. Like just Jo jokingly like backtracking. And now it's like Brooke doesn't believe in us. Oh Wow. Wow. And I've, I've accidentally discredited. Well I gotta get with those people. We should do a walk or something. No, but apparently it is, it's actually very common. I didn't realize like in our comment section, like everybody's like, oh I have that. And It has more to do I think with your veins then collagen. I'm not, let me not let me just not, okay, let me, yeah, let's just not, But just know that I no confidence this time. I Believe in you And I know you're real. You are seen like it's Jack Frost. Like I was just my friend feel better. No, and it is.


And we've had that running bit of like, if you haven't heard about some shit, it is not real to you. And Like I know, but you know when things get clicked clipped on TikTok and they're like, and she, you went to nursing school. I'm like, first of all, I never said that. And By that I mean I 100% said that I was pre-nursing. I never got professionally admitted to the nursing program And I never would have. I love how you're like clarifying this like years later. Yeah, Well everyone knew. Everyone knew. Do you think, do you think the people in nursing school, like were they like, oh she's not gonna make it? Yes. Oh yeah. Like you were just kinda, first of all, Because I'm like an actual idiot. Second of all, because I cheated my way all through school. Mm. And because I had to take chem 1 0 1 twice, I chem 1 0 1 twice with Dr.


Van Dorn love her. And I got a, I got a C the first time. No, Imagine she was like with Meredith Gray That She was honestly very similar go to C. Okay. And like you can't get a C and get professionally admitted. So I had to retake the course. Okay. Sat front row every single day. I was teacher's pet me and Dr. Van Dorn. We were like literally best friends got a C again. I, I should have just given it up right then and there. That's always how like school felt for me. I was like, listen, I'm, I just can't do better than this. And you know, my dad would always tell me fence posts can get a C. And I'm like, can you even read? Oh No At all. Literally at all. I have to pee so bad that it's clouding my Give it up. I know. Go pee. We can cook while you're gone.


But I'm just, I'm having a good time And I don't wanna miss out. You might as well Piss yourself on set since you shit yourself last time. Yeah, it's, it's so funny. Amari was just saying off camera that when I was saying, huh? Weren't the chairs white? No. I thought I'm just kidding. Oh, Just freaking out Because the chairs were white. Did you guys switch 'em out because you didn't want any more incidents? Any poopy mishaps? No, we don't have three white chairs. So we brought out the green chairs just Oh, okay. Amari was saying in the, one of the last episodes, I was saying that the bathroom smells like carcass And he was under the impression that I was saying that I made it smell like carcass. Yes, She was saying that. That's what I interpreted it as. Me too. It was also clipped though. Like I didn't watch that. See look at these clips just painting us and Painting us like we're shitting on things and making it All bad.


I still can't believe that it was Have you ever shit yourself? No. I know you have. Why do you Say it with such judgment? I don't say it with What do you mean? I know You have, well you shit yourself on the way to like shoot one of your guys' tour thingies. God forbid I still show up to work. I mean I was not like downplaying your hardworking. Yeah, your drive. Your drive. Okay. You know I am so proud of you but I was just saying I haven't, I've never shit myself. No, You're next. That's how it works. No I'm not. That's how it works. She told me I was literally, I would've always like, no, I'm better than all of you. Like well the thing is my sphincter is fucking on luck. Well The thing is you let your farts out though.


Like I won't do that. What? Okay. Yes. She's like going to defend us. People who go to the bathroom every single time they have to fart are fucking out to lunch. No, but you can just hold it in. Well this was like not a situation where you could just hold it in. No. Oh yeah. But I will just say this specific, like it was coming whether I wanted it to or not. Like there was no question. Like it was Like I could clench with all of my might and it did not matter. But why didn't you get up and leave then if you knew that like that was what Was happening. Because I thought it was just a really driven fart. It drove just No, no risk assessment team. It drove skid marks babe. Yeah. Bad. No, not even ski marks. It was just one Little like dollop on the back of her pants.


Audio listeners, if you could see my face. And it's just the way I had to like hose myself down at home like a dog. It's Liar. Yeah, we didn't even hug when she walked in. No. Literally we didn't even hug. I was Like, I got a Cry. It was actually really funny though because I think you got your makeup done that day. Yeah. Yeah. And it was so funny because like she came down to my room after and Like I knew she was getting in the shower. I heard the shower and everything jumps outta my room, like full glam still. And I was like, did You? I sat on A shit yourself. And you still went outta your way to see. Yeah. That wing was an Alexis Oakley wing. A $300 wing. I'm wearing that the next day to Jeff. Would a slide show show Like I cheat on my face? Yeah. Literally. And yeah, I'm not, I don't need a my cellar water or my fucking eyes.


'cause I shit myself. I just took the little nozzle to the hole. I do have to pee. Go go piss girl. Piss on the flow. Piss on the flow. I guess I took piss on the, I guess it just piss on the flo. What's that from? I think it's like a, you Guys can have fun without me. No problem. God forbid. She's like, do you have my walker? Are your eyes still itchy? They're Itchy. They feel like, Are the stitches still in? Doesn't look like It. Only my big ones. Like these blue, The ones that are coming up And I pimple patched them to my face. That's so funny Because I had this big old sticker And I was like, lemme just pimple Patch this. Honestly smart.


'cause pimple patch is like invisible. This girl, this girl at the, at the gifting suite earlier was like talking to Tana and she was Like, I Love that you still went. I know. Well I have my sunglasses on. She's talking to Tana and she's so excited to meet Tana and like we're talking for a long time. And I'm like, she'll be into the conversation here and there, but like won't even like she's a Tanana fan so she's like talking, talking will not look at me. And finally she goes, take your glasses off. No. And I pulled up my glasses. She's like, ow. I'm like, was it Alyssa? Violet won't even acknowledge you. Bless her heart. Bless Her heart. What should we talk about while she's gone? Tell me a secret. Don't have any secrets. But since we were talking about good American family, doesn't she exhibit Natalia behavior?


I don't know. I didn't, I haven't seen the show. Okay, so basically like she's just like, he's always throwing temper tantrums to get her way and stuff. And honestly that's really it too because like the night that she shit herself was the night that the episode came out, comes out at midnight on Tuesdays. So it's technically Wednesday or whatever. But she was like, I'm so fucking sick, blah, blah blah, whatever. And we watch it weekly. And I was like, okay, well like you're so sick that you're shitting yourself. Maybe we could watch, We're filming, we're having fun without Me. We're actually talking about you we're Talking about how you are Natalia Grace. Oh fuck. She's Like, I'm so fucking sick, blah, blah blah. And I was like, well if you're so sick, obviously Like I wanna watch this show with you. But like, maybe like what if we just watched it on FaceTime tonight, like at the same time, you know, like We're a long distance couple.


Well You were so sick that you were shitting yourself. That's the last thing I want for myself. And of course Gaslight Gatekeep girl boss, which I found my way up there because I wasn't winning. That's another Natalia grace behavior is like she will get her way. Yeah. She, she go and go and go until she gets her way. Especially over here. And she knows the people she can get her way with. I am one of those people I, I Like, I'd say Like I used to be like a hundred percent people pleaser. And I think I've definitely like leveled down to like 60% people pleaser My people. No, you love. No, no, no, no. Wait, wait. Well because think about how many times I say yes, yes, yes, yes. Master jk.


But like, think about how many times I say yes. Yeah. So it's Like I gotta say no at some point. No I am, I Agree. And I Like, I remember the moments that you started really standing on. No, And I respect that. 'cause I used to really just exhaust You. She thinks that I say no all the time, but in reality I say yes a lot. But there's a lot of nos too because she asks me a lot of things. Yeah. Not that it's just like, so Question. I'm just obsessed with you. That's the thing. It is like her and me. Like I, And I always know that it's out of love. So I take like no like, and not offense. And I hope you don't take offense to me saying no, No. Yeah, I do. See here she goes, here she goes. She knows what she's Doing. Just in my dream world, I would like shrink you down and put you in my pocket and you'd be everywhere with me. Hit up Elon. Yeah, I really, I'm sure he's got something going.


So you think I give Natalia Grace. You think I give the woman with dwarfism and or the 8-year-old? I don't think she's dwarfism. Well because You know how the story ends, right? Like the girl's claiming Like I was a child, but then the family's claiming up and down that she wasn't. And there's no real answer. No one knows. I think the real answer is that she's eight. Is she alive? Where's she at? I wanna watch you Just get the BFF's podcast. Get Her on. You're lying. I'm just kidding. Oh, you got muted. No, but in reality it was just her on BFFs. I wanna go. She has a rare form of dwarfism. Oh she does have dwarfism. Ooh, I'm sorry. No, but I, but it's up in the air.


Truly. Like there is no final verdict. Like she's still, she's dying on the hill saying like, I'm eight bitch. You know I'm eight. I ate.


I am so excited to see the Cancelled podcast live in Australia, which is why I wanted to give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more. So many artists going on tour. And you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and SZA the weekend. Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live events like the Cancelled podcast live in Sydney, Australia. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is batched by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys, you can use code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


This be eight pounds. Yum. I am eight pounds after my lymphatic today. Lymphatic drain. How does that, so lymphatic drainage massages are like the celebs get them like before red carpets and stuff, Right? Well I got lymphatic body sculpting, So what's that? Honestly, I don't know. They use this machine on me And I'm not gonna lie. Like, so I have this issue with massages, well not as of lately, but the very first time I ever got a massage, I was in New York City And I like started getting hard during it And I was Like, I fucking hate massages. I would only let people, Like, I would only get foot massages for the longest Time. What, what was she massaging that you got hard? I don't remember. I think's like an inner thigh. I think it was like my inner thighs today. We had to revisit that kind of situation. Well I didn't get hard but Like I almost started to get hard because they were using Like use the Kardashians And shit.


No, this is someone else. Oh, she's In Japan. You're like grandma, grandma, grandma. No, literally I was just like, but she started using this like suction thingy on the inside of my thighs And I was just Like, I as Amish would go, oh, whatever the fuck he does. Like, but I was just like, oh my god. I was like, what the fuck? That is kind of crazy. And I've just like been kind of in heat lately, but Oh you're, you're horned up. I actually hooked up with someone this past weekend. Oh, You 69. I've, I've got my wrist back. You 69. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. We don't need to put everything out there like that. No, you brought it out. We sucked each other's At the same time. We had a, we went skiing.


Let me ask you a question about 69. I feel like I've obviously been in the position before but I, I, I still have questions. Me, me and like obviously I've done it before. Isn't it like, you know when you're scratching someone's back and like they're scratch someone else's scratching your back. It's Like I can't enjoy this because I'm doing this. I Agree with that actually fully. Like I think it's not as enjoyable because you're, I think it's really hot honestly. But also like I'm not the type Like I don't like 69 ing like, Like I feel like when a guy and a girl's 69 it's different because it's like you can like eat a pussy and like suck a dick at the same time obviously like what you guys said, like not as enjoyable or whatever because you're like so focused on other things.


But like, just like the placement of your genitals. I think 69 works differently With you guys is better. It's like Legos almost like you, they just fit But like what are you like Well height comes into play as we know I'm five fucking six. Yeah. And So you're like sucking kneecap. But like also it's just like, what are you gonna do? Just like, like lay like two fucking wood planks on top of each other. Like Yeah you Like what do you have to do? Like Yeah, like no, I like when you're like laying side by side and like, You know. Oh that makes sense. I didn't think It's almost like, like that emoji that's like also the Zodiac Side. Yeah, the zodiac Side cancer I think. Okay. Well you enjoyed yourself.


Yeah. Oh, Tall. I was Tall. Yeah. I just dunno if he's gonna like watch this or if there's anybody that he would, well actually we don't even follow each other on social media. I can't even show you a picture of what he looks like because we don't follow each other on Instagram. Like well he's private You. I love his Googling what? Yes. And then I've been going on dates. Yeah, you've been, This is fun to talk about with you guys 'cause you guys are like taken dating in the gay world is so hard, especially in Los Angeles because, well one, I feel like hooking up with people in Los Angeles I don't really like doing just 'cause I feel like everyone hooks up with everyone and Very, very cesspool.


Like every gay I know hooks up with like the same Yeah. And I don't know like 20 people. It's just like A smaller pool. So it feels like They all would Be in college. Like everyone kind of feels like they hook up with each other. Yeah, they all t swamp around WeHo so it's like everyone knows who's hooking up with everyone and then like there's just like drama and stuff. I don't partake in that. I'll go to WeHo here and there, but like it's not my favorite place to go. It's like one of those things, it's like it's always a promised good time in the sense that like if you're gonna buy alcohol, like if you're Gonna get roofing you're Well you, you can get roofed. Yes but yes. But it's like if you're gonna spend $20 on a drink then you're probably gonna get your $20 worth because they're probably putting like three shots in your drink, you know, Like I kind thing and sometimes some GHB and yeah there's just like lots of drama and stuff.


Everyone knows ev each other and like everyone's business and stuff so it's just like gross. And also I feel like there's a lot of like clout driven down there that like you really never know what anyone's intentions are and stuff. So it's Like, I don't know, nice to go down there because it's always a time Either they're trying to suck you for the Cancelled podcast ticket Probably they probably just wanna come over and look at like your fucking shoes. I'm like, you know what, if you're hot enough you can A nice guy who like doesn't know. Yes, exactly. So I mean I've been hinging and that's a fun time. You know I love Hinge. You recently found a guy in finance on Hinge, which is oh My god, My man in finance. Oh What is that noise?


And if no one hears it, I'm gonna crash the phone. Yeah, we hear it. We hear it. Thank you for being honest with me because you, you have the No, but you have the tools to be like no one else hears it. Well This place is haunted As fuck. I just saw a random girl in the bathroom And I was like, do you work here? Do you think it's haunted? And she was like, no. And I walked out. She was Like, I'm not even here bitch. Right. Stop talking to yourself, huh? Yeah, so I, my ideal, I mean I'm not necessarily looking for a relationship because I am a firm believer that like if you're looking for a relationship, like you're not gonna find the best one. You know? Like I am looking for someone to have a great time with and see where that leads. You know, I'm not like sitting like trying to make anyone my boyfriend unless they want me bad.


You say you're looking for a boyfriend. Well I would Love one Conversation Is real. You need to put it in the universe. You are looking for a husband. I want someone Kim Kardashian time, Someone else sleepovers with you. Did you guys see how Kim Kardashian literally was building a man's closet in her house? Like for a man who doesn't exist yet? I was like, that's kind. That's What we need to be doing out in the world. We need to be saying like, oh Maybe that's why you've been like collecting men's clothing for all these years. When people try and clown your closet, you're Like, I was manifesting bitch. Not kidding. Where's your man? Right. That's so true. That's so true. Oh my god. I used to live for that like robbing the guys I would hook up with back in the day and then coming to you and being like, look at these stamp Socks.


No seriously. And I'd be like, oh hell yeah. We hit the gold mine. Yeah. Not kidding. Can't wait to wear So bad way. I gotta hit a really crazy nut crack. I'm, it's, it's this might ruin the tour my scoliosis. Should We bring a chiropractor? I've been referencing that a lot when Justin Timberlake got pulled over with his DUI and that's what he said. This is gonna ruin the tour. He said that to the police officer on the body cam. It's gonna ruin The world tour. Like What? That's you, you got a DUI babe like Yeah this is gonna ruin the world tour. Like What do you Mean? Wait, that should be our bit. Yeah that that's gonna be my dibs on the Instagram caption. You know what's funny is still Not my ideas. Wait, what'd you say?


I Know, sorry, I'm just trying to start beef. You can technically call this this a world tour. It is. What do you mean? Technically like it's international. Like you been calling it the international tour but it's like no this is a world tour babe. And then when you come and we take a photo you can be like, was that a world tour? Your girl or my girls tour? W writing it down now. Yeah, now and in any, if any of you fucking viewers try and steal that Instagram caption. It's on site. Yeah. Threatening the fuck I'll be looking.


Spring is in full bloom on DraftKings Casino. New offers and promos are sprouting up daily. Right now players can play five bucks or anything and get 350 casino spins instantly on a featured slot game. Download the app and sign up with code Cancelled. Take the featured slot for a spin and explore thousands of others in the DraftKings game library. Check back daily to claim the hottest offers and promos on DraftKings Casino. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only void in Connecticut and Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only non withdrawal casino spins valid for featured game only and expire in 168 hours. See terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos. Ends June 15th, 2025 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast. Play responsibly


Three six Mafi. I just have this random memory. We've been doing this for so long that we're like, we don't stack episodes normally 'cause we really like lose gas And I was like Amari will be perfect to Like, I dunno what she's talking About. The timing was perfect too 'cause I was at dinner And I was supposed to go to Ashley's hair appointment, but Like I was starving. I've been on go all day, Like I was so exhausting. I got my lymphatic body sculpting, but I've been like packing. I was packing, had to leave, go get my lymphatic and then came home packed more. I'm still not done packing and then Like I just starving. Supposed to go to Ashley with her to her hair appointment. So we ate first and then like get the text from Anna Lee like can you be here like soon?


So I'm like, oh my god, my food's coming. Scarf my food down as fast as possible. Didn't even have time to hang over here. Oh Sorry Ashley, we stole you. What? It's Like, I wanna Talk about current drama, but that's stupid. Oh, I also Cancelled my plans with the boy to be here. Oh my god. Cancelled to be un Cancelled. Oh My God, you love us. It'll be, it'll be good down the line because then he is gonna think you're on, you have so much, so many options. But I don't want, okay, part of my problem too, like let me know what you guys think of this. I'm a very like honest like person. Like I feel like we have like fairly flexible schedules, like as long like, I mean obviously like you're so booked and busy and stuff, but like, because you scheduled it that way, you know, at the end of the day, Like, I mean I'm not as booked and busy as you guys are, but I think I have a flexible schedule And I feel like, am I too available?


Because I'm always like, some people, like, they Like, I want someone that like works like a normal job with like structure and stuff like that because that's what I'm like trying to implement into my life is a lot more structure and stuff. Just like on my own. I do feel like sometimes I'm like, oh, like they're like, oh, like when works for you. And I'm like, whenever, whenever. No, I don't think you're Like, I don't think there's such a thing as being too available. I don't believe in like, oh my God, you should seem like you're, you know, I don't like that. And Isabella was telling me, she's like, you don't wanna seem too available. And I was like, well bitch, I am. I was like, Well Yeah, no, I don't, I don't think I subscribe to that idea. Obviously. Like you want to just make it clear that you're doing things. Yeah, I have a life.


It's not like I'm just sitting, I have A life. I'm not, I'm not just sitting there rotting all day doing nothing, but I'm like, yeah, I can shut my laptop. Or Like I can Like I, no, you have a flexible lifestyle therefore like if someone be wants to do a date, you could Do 8:00 PM any day. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Make It happen in nine to five. This Like, if I were in like a position with like a nine to five job, I would like ideally want somebody who does have the freedom or I guess somebody in the same position. So you have like the same kind of Yeah. Hours. I think we both lucked out a little bit in like the, we both got like, both of our boyfriends just like can do Whatever the fuck do whatever. No, I think that if you have to fake being less available to like, make someone think that you're coveted to like, like you, that you don't even want that person anyways.


Yeah. I And at any time I would find myself like doing that. Like, oh, I have a meeting and then it's like, How was the meeting? Insane. Yeah. Like, and Like I just had no meeting Things coming. You, you almost then end up having to like carry on that line. And then when you start dating and they see that like, you know what I mean? Just like all You never wanna try to seem anyway, that's what I learned. Like I always wanted to seem like this and seem Like I rode horses or don't. That's just where you should draw the Line because then you wanna upkeep it. What's, what was like one that you look back on and you're like, wow, Like I was really doing this. I'm trying to like remember. I mean there's been so many, but like when like, first of all, I hate sports one time I like literally taught myself like front to back, like the entire fucking, just everything there is to know about the Pittsburgh Steelers.


Like she's showing up to brunch with like black and yellow. Fucking No I did, I literally spent my Christmas money on Victoria's Secret, Pittsburgh Steelers merch. This was in college And I pretended I just like, like came up on it. No, I was in like middle school. Oh, okay. No, but that's so fucking funny too. 'cause you'd probably lowkey be sad about that. Like there were probably some yoga pants you like did really want and like you had to buy the Steelers collection. No, I wore it like a fucking badge Vulner. I was literally Like, I am. But the problem is Like, I, it's not like, oh I'm, I'm trying to seem this way. It was like, oh, I'm in love with him. So I am in love with the Steelers. Yeah. Like I, I, I I became the Steelers. Like I, it overcomes me. And so I mean you do become who you're dating to understand.


You're like playing Flag football. No. So no. Yes. Well that, this is the first time I've ever been in a relationship where I like actually, like someone just met me where I am and I'm not having to like go out and like outsource personalities. Yeah. So Living for that, I mean, but like this is my first time trying it. But now you'll never go back. No. Ever. And I like God, I just, You Know, she so entertained by myself these days. Yeah. Because you're living your truth. I'm like, the party was always over here. Yum. Right? Like not like boating and Yeah. Like I did not need to be in the harbor. Your boating arrow was so funny though. Like, 'cause it's like we would like need her.


Like we'd all be doing something and then she was just always at the marina. I Was sailing. I loved Checking your location and it was just like in a body of water. I was like, damn. Yeah. And I'd leave and then some other bitches on the boat the next day like, ugh. Oh no, you guys were giving below deck shifts. I was damn. There could have been a Show. Have you seen Below Deck? No, but I've seen Traitors, which means I have to see Below Deck because one of the very important characters, Katie Oh, it's from Below Deck. It's from Below Deck. Oh wow. I love Below Deck. I don't remember her. But Below Deck is such a good show. You should check it out. I've seen a little bit of Below Deck. It's one that's one of the ones that's on cable rotation. 'cause when we go on tour, a lot of the hotels don't have casting.


Oh, you play Below Deck? Yeah. You like really learn to love the shows that are on cable. That's A good show to be like stuck with. No, I always get excited when there's like a Real Housewives or a Below Deck or a Kardashians versus just Ridic. I've seen every single fucking episode of Ridiculousness because of I've seen every episode except for the one I was on. Did it ever come out? It came out. We should react to that for the Patreon. That'll be So fun. No, I would be so embarrassed. I I haven't watched it on purpose. That's un intentional. But it just Like, I just blocked it out 'cause I was so nervous. It's like, What the fuck? It's really, it's so much harder than it looks like. 'cause I did that too, like shot the pilot for a show that never came out, but it was a ridiculousness spinoff and when I was sitting up there, it was Like I became the un funniest person to ever walk because it's like ever we're able to be funny and witty due to like the nature of the conversations that we're having.


Like when I'm watching a video of a guy like peeing off a balcony, like, like that's why Chanel West Coast is perfect because she can always just pull out that laugh. Like Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like This, this felt like so much pressure. Like cool p because yeah, like yes I was shooting an episode but I was au I was auditioning. So like they, they had like a few of us testing for Chanel West Coast's spot. Oh yeah. So like as nerve wracking as it already is, imagine thinking like, oh like I'm auditioning for this role and like that she has the laugh. So Like I thought like, oh my God, like what am I gonna, I don't wanna like try to just be bubbly and stuff. 'cause like that's just not my personality. I just wanna be a hater.


But, but I'm thinking and and they told me beforehand way too much information. They told me I was going to sh like if I got the part or if I got like whatever, it's 22 days. I think they said it was 22 days of the whole year that they film and it was $2.5 million that I was gonna make for only 22 days of shooting it. That's actually insane. Would I Done, I should even say that. I would've. So then you're Up there and you're like, ha Ha, I don't dunno if I should say That. I like tell me what to do then me So nervous that Like I don't even, I have no idea what I was saying and obviously I didn't get the role but Oh, But that also could have been like cancellation impacted like not your performance, right?


No, it was before then, but I probably would've lost it. They could In the splits. Yeah. No. Well and also Like, I was like influenced by Steelo Brim is like so hot. So it was literally, I'm sitting next to him like raw. It was weird too because he is like asking me questions about me and I'm like, why are we talking like, this is embarrassing. He's like, how was your tour? I'm like, What does he do? I always confuse him with Slo Green. What? That's Just rude. You driving around town with the girl Mine's sitting on podcast. Trisha's robbing off on me. Steelo Brim is, he's the dj, or not the dj but he's the one who he's on ridiculousness. He's he is the guy and he is super hot and I've seen every single episode.


I'm so stupid. Yeah. Like what? Hmm. Okay. Where did you get all these snacks from? Like where did you, is it like a corner store around here? You hit the bodega, you get your orange drink. Oh, JLo. That's, That's JLo. The block is JLo's Bens and Boon Back flip. I don't understand like his What's your bleach and tone? Mine? Yeah. Here's his Chris Miles' bro. Fuck. Fuck. You know what's funny is that got taken down. Like I posted a TikTok like when TikTok was like gonna get banned or whatever And I was just like going back and posting like a bunch of just like viral drafts and stuff And I was like, this isn't a draft but this is fucking hilarious.


Lemme we post it and it like still cracked like millions of views. And then Like I went to go look at it the other day because I was gonna show someone And it was like Taken down for community guidelines. Like hateful speech or something like that. Yeah, it was, I was like, damn That TikTok will not let it slide unless of course it's my comment section. In which case anything's lies. Get her as all Of a sudden your videos are promoted like without you doing anything. Oh my God. But I was like, damn, they took it down. And I remember like back in the day too on TikTok when it first started, I would post TikTok sometimes like in this t-shirt that had Lil Wayne on it and he was smoking. And every time I would post in that t-shirt, my tiktoks would get taken down for community guidelines.


And I was Like, I was so confused for the longest time. 'cause I was like, I'm not doing anything bad in these videos. I'm really, I'm just hit. Whoa. I love Get Ready With Me is taken down for community guidelines. Like it's just Like I it's just my face And your white tank top and your nipples out. That is true. I Like, I had a coming to the other day because this really is my uniform, like a Hanes white tank, no bra. It's kind of slutty. Like over the years I was like, wow, that's like really? I was talking about on not Loveline the other day about the first time I ever realized I was a slut was because I asked Amari. I was just like, do you think I'm a slut? And I was like, probably like 17, 18 or something. And I was like heavily expecting him to say no. Like it's my best friend. He knows all the things I do, whatever.


And Amari just turns to me and he was like, yeah, you're a slut. Well You need to keep people in your life. I didn't Say, yeah, you're a slut. I was just like, she was, she literally asked, she was like, do you think I'm a slut? And I was like, yeah. I was Like, I I don't care. Duh. I don't care. We have the best time ever. I don't give a fuck to your slut. And that's the thing too, she's like, he knows everything I do. Like I know everything you do. You know when We were, we were talking about today that we, we thought was so funny. So there's a a Funko Pop Museum on Hollywood Boulevard right now. Really? And you know what Funko Pop is? Yeah. So they have a Funko pop of everybody you can possibly imagine. Like if you, if you can think of them and they're any sort of figure, it doesn't matter if they're like a housewife, they're on Below Deck.


Like they have a Funko pop. What? So we're, me and Tana were talking about it today and we were like, how many Funko pops do you think you've had sex with? What did you try to find out? That's really funny. Like how many people on your body count are in are like, come in Funko Pop. Should we go to the Funko Pop Museum? Yeah. It was the best time I've ever had. Oh, you went? Oh yeah. It's, I it's Like I walked there, How do I even, like, how do I even get to the bottom of that? Wait, let me look up Does blank have a fuck. Go pop. Who I'm, Of course he does. Don't be ridiculous. He probably has 11.


Oh he doesn't have a Funko pop. Damn fell off. He must, he must have done something to them because they have like, they literally like TPA himself has seven of them. No way. I had to buy one because I'm obsessed. He Doesn know this, if I die and T-Pain is not at my funeral, you guys have failed me. Wait, look. Oh my god. In the house. That literally looks like my father. He's in my house. I have Sasha. Sasha Baron, Cohen. No, Sasha like super girl Sasha. Ooh. I bought Hers because she's my only friend who's in Funko Pop. I'm, they should have a Tani Mocho. Funko pop. I'm sad that we don't have Funko Pops.


I get what? Pickles. Pickles being the top search is everything. Nope. Oh No. Funko Pop. Look at that fucking p and g photo of me. You Fell off the fashion devil photo kills me. The fuck. And I know, I know that look too. Wait 5 96. That Photo is saying I hate people. I love them without even saying That. Like I Just look drunk. Celebrity cutouts. Wait, is it a physical thing you can buy? What a fucked up image to use. I love that image. Mm. You do just have perfect skin. What a shame that you can't even get paid for that. Like people are buying that probably Aaron wants to buy eight apparently. So funny looking back at how swollen my face would be from drinking.


I met Pamela Anderson this day And I remember thinking, God, I look just like her. You know why put the bottle down. Hey baby. You Know, what's the best part about looking back on awful photos of yourself or Like, I, I don't know if you feel the same way, but I look back on the worst, most despicable photos of myself and I'm never like, Like I, the thought is always Like, I thought I looked amazing. Like it's never like, oh I knew I was ugly. It's always Like, I thought I was literally the most beautiful person to ever grace this earth. No, I, I went somewhere with Josie that night And I was like, we are equal. I ate her up.


Mind you, she's in like no makeup mo. It's just Like me and my duff That is so fucking funny to start calling her like this. Her photos, you're Like, can I get a solo? No. It's like, can I get a solo? What was your next her? She's a beautiful, I'm starving. I know you made me Miss Beef Bull Goki night. I know. What's Beef bowl? Goki night Every wednesday Hundred miles. Like create a menu and like That's cute. See that's why I want a fucking boyfriend. Like I want some, I'm so jealous of you bitches in the sense that you guys get to like, have sleepovers like every night.


Like if not every night most nights and stuff. Because Like I've definitely learned to like be fine with being by myself. And I feel like that was a part of like being single for a while. I was like, okay, I need to learn to like sleep alone. I feel like even like when you And I would just have sleepovers, like after I was like single, I was like, this isn't necessarily the healthiest thing in the world. Like I need to learn how to sleep by myself. And, and then I would beg like, oh no. And I was Like, well done. I Don't wanna sleep alone. It's like, no Mark, you need to sleep fucking alone. Like yeah. And so like I've finally been doing that and now I'm just like laying there like watching shit at night and I'm like, Like I, I love watching TV shows And I love watching movies and especially 'cause now I'm like a lot more calm than I used to be but I'm just like, damn, I wish I had someone to like do this with. But it also is talk about it Like, you know, like you love like how like you're not annoyed but you're like, oh I wish Maco would also watch Good American family.


You know? Yeah. Like, because you wanna talk about it with them and stuff and like get his take on things And I'm like, oh I wish I had someone to like watch a show with and we could just fall asleep And then like, you know, It is great but like at the same time you miss like, Like I miss just being able to sit there and jack off for an hour. Well I don't jack off and then like talk to myself and like, you know, Mari doesn't jack off. That's Crazy. Like I've always just like had this mentality that's like if I want it that bad And I was like, you need to go find someone to do it. No. Put yourself out there pussy. I, I think I, I got, I guess I get that but I also like, it's just no one does it quite like you. You know? I also like being like pleased by someone else I guess, you know?


Yeah. I get that. I Have jacked Off for boys but like girls it's like that no one else can do it. I'll never forget the very first time that I like jacked off and came. I was Like, I like didn't even know that. Like, well I knew that my dick could get hard but I didn't know that like cu could come out of my dick. Should this be on the Patreon? Oh my God. I can't imagine how shocking that must have been. Oh I was like so confused but also like fascinated And I was like why did that feel so good? No, I, I Remember my parents were like, they went out to dinner late one night And I Like, I would love to like shower and my parents shower. Oh my God they're gonna hear this. And I would love to shower in their shower like whenever I had the opportunity. 'cause they just always, it's the master has the best shower and yeah, I don't know, I just like obviously going through puberty just like randomly started getting hard or whatever and then I literally like jacked off and came And I was just Like, I just, that is the coolest thing ever.


My coolest thing ever. Oh my god. I and in my parents shower Spiderman, you're in my Parents' shower. That is crazy. Oh my God. That's amazing. No matter what dream though. I Remember the first time I was Like I Always have them. Yeah. You know what? Lemme minute. Lemme share. Well the first time you winked it. Yeah like really like successfully where I was like oh And I was old. How old Think like graduated college. Was there a toy involved or were you just like Yeah. Okay. Was it your first time using the toy Been? I had been like, yeah, well no I don't, I can't remember but I think I just wasn't using them hard enough. I love hard Enough. It was something, Put it in sport.


It was, there was something to it. I think I just really need to stick with it. You know, get the hang of it. You're Like talking to the wall. I'm so close. Seriously. No, that's actually me. I have no shared too much. But Were we just talking about Jeff the other day and now he like has he like jacked off to himself in the mirror? Well I just always told Jeff that he's so the type of guy where I know he's coming to the thought of himself. I would. Yeah I guess that's true. And like he loves American psycho so much that I'm Like I know you've like had sex to this. Like just one of those guys. Where are you guys most excited to go on tour internationally? Australia. Where'd you say Paris? Just 'cause I wanna fucking, Have you been there before?


No, I've never been to Europe. Paris is awesome. I Know I'm You need to go. I'm so excited and I'm just happy that baby's coming and my boyfriend's coming 'cause I'm just gonna have like, You need to make sure that you guys go back to that restaurant that Paige took us to. Oh my god. There's this restaurant in Paris is one of the best meals I've ever had. Isn't it called like Oli got Oli? Yeah. Is that right? I Think that was like the style of like the potatoes maybe. But they make this You love it 'cause it's so meat centered. Yeah, it's beef for like a steak but then Surrounded in cabbage. Is it beef or is it steak? Probably both. That may steak actually, I don't know. Mine Was beef. Oh yeah. But they make you these potatoes that are almost the texture of like pasta.


Like when you pick them up they're like, and they're so cheesy I'll, oh my god, I'm gonna fucking look. I'm gonna find it for you literally right now. 'cause I can find it really fast. It was just showing someone this the other day. 'cause one of my friends was in Paris And I was like, you need to go to this place. It's actually fucking nuts. That was so nuts. Nuts. The Potatoes. And there's this place that everybody goes where you drink the red wine out of baby bottles but I can never get a reservation. And I think it's always 'cause I show up too hammered. Watch This. Like that time you walked in with your nipples out. Oh my god. Something way the about like the way they smack Right here and that thing right there, it's like cabbage and inside is just all meat. Yeah. It was insane.


I feel like you're into like vintage designer stuff. Like there's a lot of cool like vintage designer shopping out there and stuff. But I even like, I'm not much of a di designer person, but I was like, this stuff is so cool. Like me Too. I always Like, I was shopping For someone else but I was like damn, I wish I wasn't shopping for someone else because I'd be shopping for me. Like Yeah. I've always been like a, I hate designer. I don't believe in designer. And just lately I've been like, well, but like it's, it ta like things that I'm like oh my God. Like this is so it's an investment. I love that purse that you recently got. I love it too. Big brown one. But I already put shampoo all over it by Accident. Oh my god. $5,000, right? The YSL. Yeah. Well Big Body. I was talking about Tricia went on this whole tangent to me about how she needs to buy this bag but she's not gonna, and then I get home and she texted me a photo and she goes, I bought the bag in my sleep.


Like I just found it in the house And I was like dying Cols. Literally. How iconic. No, it was like $5,000, like four. Have you guys been seeing, you know the, how do I say her last name? I always say Kasu Ari Tia. I love these say Kaia but I don't know exactly how to pronounce her last name. But I think it's something like that. Like ke ke za. I'm obsessed with her. I'm obsessed with the way her face like moves. She looks like She's beautiful. I love her voice and Like she has everything to Yeah. And her skis are hilarious. I love that too. Yeah, she's so funny and so multifaceted and I'm obsessed. But have you been keeping up with her Laura online right now? Her And her, her and Dardi broke up. So that's, she just, what gags me is the whole internet doesn't like know this guy.


Mm. But Like I found out about her because I'd known Kar for a really long time and, and it's actually funny 'cause like, well I don't know who looked to the Trap, But yeah, he was always just around like would strangle into like anything we're ever doing. And one of our good friends was like in love with him, one of our guy friends and he's not gay. So it was just like this ongoing thing forever. And he started dating her and that's how I found out about her. 'cause someone was like, ARDI's dating this girl and he's like managing her yada yada and they're making so much money. And I was like, okay, who's Managing her? Running her stuff? I think, yeah. What never ends? Well I Will just say for all girls, like do not let your boyfriend run your, keep your business and your man separate no matter how much don't.


Gee. And Michael y gonna do that. They Do do that and they got married and whatever. But even marriage, Like I love Mako so much, but I would never put him in the position. I would start a company with him. Right. Or I would do something like that. But to run everything I've built for myself because it's just scary. Like it's, you know what I mean? No matter how much you love this person, like you always have to, especially just, 'cause I had like, even just growing up with my parents, I would see like financial abuse and control and just, you know, it's shitty And it's Like, I don't know, as a woman you have to protect yourself no matter what. But anyways, they were dating and he cheated on her and she was giving, she was like telling me the old of you Ardi.


She was. And it's just so funny 'cause we know him and it's Like, I know I knew him, I know him, but I'm like, I'm team her, Whatever. No same. I know him well enough to where I'm like, damn that is like, how could you even do that? Yeah, she was giving me the details too. And it was like some diabolical shit. Like I don't wanna air out her tea 'cause like, you know Ardi but like some diabolical shit. And now she is like marketing genius. I love when a guy cheats on a girl and it puts her in like a, in her bag rage. Like it's just, I just saw her with girth master. Yeah, that's Where, that's what I'm saying. Like when you cheat on a girl and she says okay bet I'm gonna go work with girth master in like, you know ARDI's not giving girth master.


No. And it's Like his dick is huge. I've never seen it. It's on Twitter. Well he is girth master on Twitter. Oh. Oh my God. Wow. Seven inch girth. Yeah. Seven inch circumference. Yeah. God damn. Six six show off with a ludicrously cap. Cap cap like capacity. Oh, Capacious Like that's crazy. Yeah. But I'm just like so happy for her 'cause it's like how iconic and you know, she's making a grillion dollars off of that collab and it's just like her marketing skills are everything. Yeah. She said I'll get on a plane and fly 27 hours right now.


Yeah. Angie was collabing with that girl that we like. Kayla Jade. Yes. Yeah, I love her. Love her content. I Do not fuck with Girth Master anything. Get that away from Me. I would like actually like die. I don't care how seven inches Around is crazy. Oh, I couldn't even think about that because also like, I mean it's, I am going to assume that it's easier to take a dick in your vagina than it is your asshole. Yeah, definitely. My shit would be bleeding. No, that's like hospital territory. Yeah. Girth master. Whoa. I wish someone I had a cool name like that though. Yeah, you could be like Gus it goddess.


Gus it Goddess. But yeah. What's Gus it? Damn. I want it Gus it. Long story Dick's like that are fun to like suck but not No. Talk about Locked jaw. Yeah, I have a little mouth. Ew. So hot. Look At it in the book. Holy shit. Oh my God. It like doesn't even look like a dick. It looks like something you'd buy at Home Depot to like help you like install a window, seal You an idea when you like realize that like the tip just looks so like minuscule on it. You know? I don't even Think you could make a bigger tip. Oh my God. Yeah. That's actually insane.


The lighter sitting on it is so funny. Oh my God. That Shit's allowed on Reddit. That's so funny. If I was him, I would like dress it up. I would like get little outfits for my dick. He Probably has. I remember I saw like I'd go to Petco and get like little sweaters. Yeah. I saw Something on his Twitter where he like put it through a pizza box. Oh, Oh my God. I get it completely. Oh my God. That's wild. But Yeah, you have to wonder like what it's like to be grown like, or to be born with like an appendage like that or like just anything. Like at what age do you think he was like, my dick's huge, I'm Grier than the rest. Right. That's gotta play sports. Or like, did someone else tell him or like, what'd you say Aaron?


That's gotta suck. Yeah. Oh damn. How old were you Aaron? Huh? Nevermind when, Huh? I don't wanna know about Aaron's stick size. Well He said yeah, it kind of sucks. Like You missed it. You ruin everything. I can't Change Even if, even if I tried, even if I Wanted to. My love, my love, my love. Oh, we kind of hit that. You know, Tricia has, I'm going to her show in Vegas this weekend and she was Like, I want you to sing on stage with me.


She's making me rap Hefner. Oh my God. Like I'm doing it for the first time in so long and I'm so, I'm gonna have to be so medicated and we'll do a little Viva Las Vegas. But like Hefner, it's at the Chelsea at the Cosmo, which we did and I'm so excited to go back. I obviously best green Room Ever. Every time we best green room ever. Every time we ever do a show at like a massive esteemed venue in my head as we leave, I like take one good look around. Because in my head I'm Like, I will never be asked back. Like, you don't think so That, Yeah, I, I guess I'm being like a little facetious, but like, you know what I mean? It's just such an honor and like the imposter. Yeah. You just don't wanna, yeah. And you never wanna get in the mindset of like, yeah, I'm gonna come play this venue a hundred thousand times.


Like, you know, it, it is so special. Next O2 arena. Yeah, Exactly. Chelsea is so crazy too because obviously it's like an in in a casino and stuff. So like they pick you up with security and escort you through all like the secret hallways and like private elevators and like take you down like your fucking Barack himself. Yeah. And at one point I was banned from the Cosmopolitan Hotel, so I think it felt extra special to have gone so far the other way. I'm waiting for my resurgence at the win. It'll probably never happen, but we're doing that. What else are we doing? Paige is coming with me. We're gonna see Donnie Osmond. Oh, Paige Is Gonna go. Oh that's so Exciting. I know. And Donnie and Marie. That's why my middle name is Marie After Marie Osmond.


Oh my love Donny and Marie. Yeah. So I'm excited for that little Holly Madison. How funny is it that I have the opportunity to wrap Hefner on stage with Holly Madison there. That's so iconic. The so funny to me. It's the fact that Holly Madison literally bought tickets to our Vegas show. Didn't even tell us. Showed up, watched it and left. Yeah. Like didn't come greet. Like literally we found out on her story that like she attended. Not All, it blows my mind 'cause Like I am a super fan. Yeah. I would've like carried her in myself. Like truly it's, that show was crazy. Yeah. Doing venue stages like that. I don't know how to explain it when they're like, the stage is so big like that and it feels almost like it was massive.


Like when the stage is so big and we just sit in our chairs, it's like, you know, That was such a fun show. It was fun. The biggest, biggest Audience too. It was just like, holy shit. It felt so ty. 'cause like obviously like it's your hometown show, but like, and so it's an important show to me, but it's not as important as it is to her. So I felt Like I was like really excited by it, but not nervous by it. 'cause it's like, these aren't my friends. They, or like my people. So I Like, I just really wanted to be on for that show Weirdly in Arizona. I was so nervous to do it around your family. And that venue was crazy because we were, that was the only time I think we've ever done a show that's on a circle stage. Oh yeah. And it's doing a show in a circle stage is so strange because it's like, there are people like literally behind my back and it feels like you're in the crowd.


Polar opposite of Vegas. 'cause it's like a small stage in the middle of the crowd. Then we had some guy trying to like heckle and be nuts and get kicked out. And I was like all paranoid. And I like Literally like, you know when something happens to you when you're a kid and it's traumatizing and it stays with you for the rest of your life. I had a dance competition one time. The only dance competition. My mom will kill me forever saying this, but one time she came to watch me perform. She, and it was like, it takes, you know, it takes forever. Sometimes there's like a million things before you randomly, her drug dealer picked her up and she left and she missed my dance. And I came off stage and like realized And I was so devastated. Like I, I literally, like, it was, I was unwell for like months after.


Yeah. And during the show I watched my dad walk up and leave and never come back. I was like, oh my God. And I That's so sad. It's arguably, it's like just don't come. Yeah. No, it seriously. And Like I, I have such a thing about that, like, people coming and like watching me. I don't know why. 'cause it's like seriously, like no one ever came to my anything. So I got so mad at him about that. And he's literally Like, I saw the whole thing. I didn't leave until after. And he like gave an example and it was like, that was literally in the first 10 minutes of the show. No, That really Is. And I like knew where they were, you know what I mean? Yeah. So then the whole time I'm thinking like you're looking, this is the like Yeah. Anyway, that was honestly like kind of dark.


No, I, I'd Be pissed. I was so upset. You can't even get up to pee. There's a company who, who's like known for their wide gusts at Joanie's. Okay. Apparently like they're the, the, they're the company. Wait, what is Gus still? They're interested in doing a collab With me. No way. Yeah. Wait, you have to Fuck your pickles. I got Gussy. Yes. Say why gusset Cheney's So, so Gus, it's pussy Like. Oh no. It's Like a piece of fabric. It's in it, it's like the piece of Your pants that's like meant for your crotch. A gusset. Why do you know that? It's like, Well I didn't know it. In fact I used it in the wrong context approximately 30 times before I learned. Yeah. How were you using it before? Like gullet? No, like we thought Gus Gus I thought under like was the Pussy.


I thought it was for Cheney's, for my wide gusset. But apparently it's, it's my, my, you know what I'm saying? Your Pikachu needs. Yeah. You know, that's why I stopped just because I didn't know how I was gonna, what it's gonna Like. Yeah. I was watching you go. Okay. I swear to God, I'm literally like Theresa Caputo because it's Like I walked out there to use the restroom And I was like skipping down the hall. I felt amazing. And then the second I walk back in here, it's like I'm like sweating And I feel Like I know. Well it is really hot in here and we have been shooting for seven hours straight. And I guess maybe that is just it, but I swear it's like I'm an energy reader And I know something. Is That who Teresa? Someone died. Kudo is? Yeah, she's a medium.


She like Long Island. Medium. She is long. Oh Really? A Long Island medium. Wow. I like that. I just feel like, I'm like, wow. Should we give up? And what have I gotten all over these pants. You Have it all over your jacket too. What did you, did you paint something? Oh, I did paint in the, in the app set. I guess this, I can't wait to have One. I know. I'm so excited. It's my favorite sweat set in the world. Just are Other colors. No, no. But we're thinking about it. A Brown would hit. A brown would hit. We should just make them in every Color a brown would. A brown would hit. But we did already release a sweat set in the dead of summer. So maybe we do a summer color. Remember like your dizzy dark green. Yeah, I think about that. Remember? I remember when you guys all did the, the like tie dye blue.


Oh, the tennis court. Oh that was like funny. I was jealous 'cause I was like kind of just getting into the group and Lila got invite and invited And I didn't, That was such a funny Day. It was the worst day ever. 'cause me and Jordan were like fighting so bad. Are you coming to pickle activities tomorrow? I only barely got invited. Barely is crazy. I'm literally made a, it's so funny too because I made a group chat because I know you like I've given you. If I give, Well maybe that I only say that because there was a pickle activity already that I never heard about. That is true. That is true. Clocked your tea. Clocked My tea. I just, I just am bad at thinking sometimes it's just like happens through word of mouth. Does miles like pickles?


I think so. He likes everything. Do you guys like a lot of the same foods? He's such an amazing cook and he cooks every single day. Every single meal. So things that I didn't know I liked, I like now because he makes them perfectly. What was the hardest thing like that you had to adapt to in your guys' relationship? That's like the way that he operates versus the way that you operate? Nothing. And honestly, I'm gonna ask you the same thing. Nothing. And that's, well he was just so easy. No serious. Like actually we kind of talked about this in the beginning, but when we first started dating I was worried that Like, I was like, ugh, it's just too easy. And like something like feels off about that. But like about to self-sabotage. He, He's so agreeable and like he just doesn't wanna fight.


And he's so like unpro, like he just won't, How old is he? 37. Oh, What? So he'd like, what the fuck? He looks way younger. So he was never like, if I'm like, oh this bothered me, he'd be like, okay. Like I'll never do it again. That's a man. He's Like a, it's not like a pushover. He is like, he stands his ground, but like he's, I, we would just would never argue, I don't think. Yeah, he's simple and he listens And he takes like, he's just such a like he's very gentle and like, like his parents are older and he kind of just like operate. He reminds me of my grandpa. Aw, that's really sweet. And You love your grandpa So much and like the way he is to my grandma and like, you know him obviously my grandma like has mentioned stuff and he like really takes care of her.


Like my mindset in this relationship is like he would so do that. Yeah. That's awesome. That's Actually so sweet. Like I know he would. Yeah. That's amazing. Aww, cute. What about you? What was like the hardest Thing? I don't know if I've ever like respected someone the way I respect Mcco. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Like do you know what I mean? Like I just, 'cause I would go for these people obviously that Like, I don't know, it was hard through sometimes their actions to possess like Maco is such a respectable human. Yeah. Not that I've never, Like, I've obviously just fucked things up with good people too. But Like, I don't know like just things that I would normally immediately do or post or say or whatever while dating someone I now like won't, you know what I mean?


Yeah. And I just very much like really became like so wifey and so devoted to this person. Yeah. Like even just the other day Jeff was saying like, you're not fun on the podcast anymore because you're taken. And I'm like, it's true. 'cause Like I would just say the fucking most out OFP pocket shit and like now I can't Because like, almost like their actions like kind of instilled that upon you and you're like, eh, whatever they do this. Yeah. Yes. Or just Like I and You just don't respect 'em. So it's like Whatever. Yeah. Or I didn't care deep down wanting something to last I guess. Yeah. So it's kind of like when you don't care if something lasts deep down, you kind of like that bleeds into lots of your actions. Yeah. And Whatnot. And like back to take into account someone else's feelings about things and Stuff.


Yeah. Especially when someone doesn't always consider your feelings or just, again, I was in errors of my life where it might've been a great person but I just wasn't ready for it or whatever. But yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I think that's like the weirdest thing is like if you asked any person who stayed me before, they'd be like, she's the most psychotic, awful like girlfriend ever. But like kind of the same thing you're saying. It's Like I just would never ever want to be bad. Yeah. Like, Yeah because it's, it's one thing when someone scolds you for being bad and it's another thing when like, it's not even that like they, like you are disappointed in yourself if you act that way to this person who's so undeserving. Like I think that's yeah.


A lot of what it is with Nicole where it's like he wouldn't even have to say anything. There have been times where Like, I was a fucking raging bitch or I'm drinking and I'm being insane and it's not even like he's like cut that shit out. It's like the next day I'm like, why would I do that to this person that, you know what I mean? That I love so much And I Looked in the mirror. Yeah. Quite literally Saw the reflection. Ugh. Well Thank you Aaron. I'm sorry. Thank you Big daddy. Mommy. Don't sexualize Him. He's the one that says, Hey sexy to me when I walk up to him. We Don't have human resources. You guys are HR Period's gone us into some serious trouble. Imagine Like I was your guys' hr, you know, it's, it's cracks me up.


I got a DM today. Thank you. You know, it's so funny, I got a DM today. I get so many random dms like about your guys'. You guys messaged me like this is my podcast first of all. Like it's really fucking, didn't Someone message you recently trying to sell you a ticket to one of the Shows? Yeah, some of us. Yeah. Some of funny, so funny. They were like, they saw, I don't know if it was like a TikTok or a story or a tweet or something like that, but they're Like, I saw your blah blah blah. Like are you looking for a show to the Tana Mongeau like Melbourne concert concert first of all. And I was like, that in itself was just hilarious. So obviously I screenshotted it, put it on my story and was like, like, oh my God, I'd do anything for a ticket guys.


Help me find one. But I got a DM today and it's just like so funny to me because obviously Like I, I know people in their minds like maybe he can't help or like duh like reach for the stars, you know? And what is it like reach for the stars and if you miss you land like on or reach for the moon, something like that. Reach for the moon and if you miss you'll land among the stars. Yeah. Something like that. Boy, I also gotta die about a foot fetish. That's weird. I think that snake and what did they say Ari carrying. Okay, so I'm just a girl trying to get into Neon Carnival. Oh, They're Asking to get, I thought this had Into Neon Carnival. Well that also is really funny. But I also get people, like someone was messaging me about like how they were trying to get tickets, like to your show, all this stuff.


And I'm like, so go to like Cancelled tour.com or whatever and The Cancelled podcast.com. There we go. The Cancelled podcast.com. Like do, what do I look like? Ticket Master. It's so I, I get so many dms that are like, Tana please, like blah blah blah. Like it'll be like a novel and then at the end they'll just be like, can you send this to her? Yes, that too. Like can you please tell them I'm on it? What? Like sometimes I get like, have fun too and respond to them because there was this, there was this one person, your club appearance that you did in Miami. There's this guy, do you have V Was Like, I wanna go so bad, like blah blah blah.


And I literally responded And I go, go then. Fair enough. And then, then the next day he did Go and you reposted his story And I was like, there's no fucking way. But I literally was just like, go then like, because what the fuck am I doing? Well that one especially 'cause it's like what does he literally want you to fly him out? Yes, Exactly. He was a Miami local, but like still like, what am I going to Do? Yeah. And that one was free to the public. I can't believe we're doing a popup tomorrow. I just like, I'm, I'm like, I've never done A, I honestly just ran into Sydney Sweeney at her popup. I love ran into Sydney Sweeney at her popup The line one. I didn't meet, I didn't go there.


She was there And I passed by. Oh, and you were at The Grove? Yeah. And then just pass Like, I just want a little popup etiquette. Like what am I supposed to do? I feel like, and normally this is also like pop-ups are always for like lattes and like no you makeup products up 2018. You'd be like, what's up motherfucker? Who wants a fucking pickle? You're right. I should just channel that You all look so fucking sexy. Ugh. Something. You wanna know some tea. We, me and Tana I think have both have been in talks with Lala Land to do like a drink. Ooh. Separately, which Hers is probably gonna come before mine. Let's be real.


Well No, I ended up just deciding that I I you'll be at The Grove because I was wanted to do the drink 'cause I couldn't do the Pickle. Like it's not that Like I do drink coffee every day, but it's not a part of my brand. Well I drink La la Land every day. Yeah. Not to be like, No, I think It's, I can see you getting yours first 'cause you'd be at The Grove. Well I just love la la land, so, and it's More you like it's cutesy and it's it's clean and it's on brand. Well, But we've been, she's Like mud water mocha. So I've been, I'm like a LA land. Like I just love la la land. I'm obsessed with the branding. I'm Like, I'm obsessed with anything that like, has cute packaging. Yeah. They do have really cute cuts. So like they Little heart straws. Ugh yes. Bend me over. And so they Just really See, I don't Even got me with their like, like just from the instant I saw them and literally have been ordering it.


I ordered it every single day for like six months. I think they're sold on the pitch. I'm telling you. I'm telling you why this was so exciting for me. So then I, they asked me to do a drink And I was so excited And I went And I had my meeting with them and they take you like on the third, at the third straight location, there's like an a secret upstairs like Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yankee kitchen type situation. And they brought me in there And I got to try every drink on the menu and we were talking about like flavors and stuff And I was Like, I wanna do a chair. Like, 'cause they had just done the banana cream. I like Where you're going. You know they took that from, they took it from Sue and gave it to Heidi and Spencer. Well They Were, I mean for good reason, but like yeah, they're like damn Well No, I don't know. It's like make a new flavor. Yeah. Make a new flavor. I don't know anything about that.


But I Like, I stand with Lala. Well, so I'm like trying to think of how to make it creative. 'cause I'm like, well they've already done, they already have a strawberry, they have banana cream that's new. And I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna do cherry Amazing. Cherry sounds Delicious. You know? How cute is that? Like, because it was gonna be like a springtime release. So it was gonna be like With the matcha, like the red and the green. Yes. How cute is that? Yeah. What happened? Sydnee Sweeney Cherry drink at her popup. Oh, like you sydnee sw pitched the idea. Sydnee. Yes. Oh fuck. And Like I live and die for her, but like by the time they get to me we're gonna, that's a brutal like dingle berry fucking green top. You're Like outsourcing fruit from the international tour.


Like I brought home a durian. There's not gonna be nothing bad. That is Brutal. And I'm sure she had nothing to do with it, but I'm like, but it's, but fi finding a good idea and being like she's, you know what, You Know, it would be better for this. You know, that's why it's brutal. It has nothing to do with Sydnee Sweeney. Even Sue's. Like, I remember that happening like, 'cause we were just talking about it within the friend group, like whatever Suede had her banana drink and then they gave it to Heidi and Spencer And I, I just remember being like, that is shitty. Like yeah, that is annoying. Sue's out there fucking making the drink in the shena nay. And then like Heidi and Spencer come along like it, it is probably just like everyone can have a new flavor. Like it doesn't, you know, so When you see Brooke with a Pinello pomelo cream cold foam drink at LA Land Cafe, ask no questions because there were no more fruits.


They we're out. I'm gonna have like a beef flavored latte. Beef cream top. You remember when that girl Brooke Monk beat up her dog and then she accidentally uploaded an raw That was Brooke footage. Yes. That wasn't Brooke Monk. I I didn't mean Brooke Monk. I meant, I Was like, wait, that sweet little girl did not beat her dog. I know who you're talking about. Brooke. Brooke. A Different good on you though. We need to hear more often. I was like whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Brooke Monk. No. You know how Many, you know how often like we do that, like first and last names and we'll both be like Yes. No, because if you pulled up Brooke Monk, like you'd Like there we did that recently with something so funny And I just Like, I I, oh I think I know what you're talking about Moment.


And I was Like, I watched it back And I was like, there's no, No, well actually be like Amelia Gray flew that plane into the Bermuda Triangle. It was exactly like that. Yeah. And she got eaten by crabs. Yeah It was, it was like it was us on a guest episode. It was like with Jeffrey Star and it was all three of us, like collectively said exactly the wrong name and we were like, yep. That is so Funny. But, so anyways, the girl who did do that's your worst fear, She uploaded the raw footage. That's like my biggest fear is like accidentally uploading like the unedited Podcast. You know what's so crazy Brain? Mine was my brand deals. Like I literally, oh my God. 'cause I'll be, I'll be cracking the funniest jokes and brand deals that obviously will never make the cut. And it's like, it's Also funny when brands think that they can get raw footage for you.


Like when we like we want the raw footage, it's like, are you fucking crazy? Yeah, no I snorted my snot 37 times. You're like, you're not getting that. Like we can make it look like the raw Footage brands ask you for raw Footage. I've been asked for raw footage before and I'm just like, are you fucking crazy brands Don't even want my raw footage. Like that's truly never happened. Be Like you actually sent us too much. Yeah, no liter. I'll always say that. Especially when they want like UGC from it and stuff. 'cause they wanna like edit themselves and stuff and it's like, no, No, no, no, no, no. One thing no one's ever gonna want from me is UGC. What is that? It's user Generated content. Like you're giving them content that you don't necessarily have to post. You're just giving Like when I did that like Nike deal a long time ago, Like I had to give them stuff for like their website. Oh. But it's like kind of this, it's the type of thing like a super aesthetic person would do because it's like the brand wants to use it at repurpose it as their own content.


Oh My God I've, that's why I've never been, I have no idea what it's even called. What you want Cheeto fingers on your crop sauce. Really? It pays so much and like so much. Yeah, so many of like the really like aesthetic girls do it because like they, you don't even have to post it on your own thing but like brands like will pay for like a really stylish like aesthetic girl to like take trendy photos of like the coffee and the Yeah, That makes sense. That's why when I did, Damn I truly am finding out about this today. And it tells you everything you need to know. That's why when I did that shoot I hired Hunter to shoot it because I was like they want UGC, they're paying me a fucking bag. Like yeah they'll all have Hunter do it 'cause like cool on both ends, you know, But it genuinely Like I, it seems like the hardest job in the world to me. Oh my God. I could never, I try like literally even this weekend in San Diego, I was trying to take one fucking aesthetic photo.


I have permanent chicken grease on my fucking iPhone camera. Me too. Same lately. I don't know what's what's in the air But no. And it's Like I bought this brand new iPhone. Please anybody let me know in the CommonWell, did anybody else buy a brand new iPhone? And then the camera, everyone mind you, everyone else is like this camera quality is crazy. I'm throwing away my DSLR and I'm Like I bought a three Gs. No This is, well I still have a, I think I have like the 15 or something which like, oh no you have an iPhone 15. But wait, same. I'm confu like switches between the cameras. Like I'll be like a totally normal distance away from Murph. Why can't I fucking see Murph? Yeah And it's like even if It switches between cameras, like it's never the right one.


It's always doing its own thing. No and it's brutal. Like Mako And I will be taking the same photo and we have the same phone and his is so gorgeous and I'm like, my camera's cleaned off. I can have other people try to fuck with the settings. Like it just granted I have like 200,000 items in my camera roll so maybe it's like no I don't think that should have any impact on it at all. I keep buying new phones in hopes that I get this new mystical camera that everyone speaks of And I just keep getting toaster qual. Oh my god I saw this video. Do you know Like I really struggle with like what the fuck is a camera and how does it work and how do we take photos and more importantly, how the fuck do we take videos? It doesn't make sense to me like that to seems so magic. But this man so Funny that you have these thoughts and you're like, you don't even smoke weed. No this is like a totally normal thought.


This man finds cans in in the wilderness like when he's just hiking a mountain cuts the top off, he puts photo paper inside pokes a pin size hole in the in I see him a thing and that like that pinhole is your camera. And then he sets it down in front of like a beautiful landscape, leaves it there for a few days with like a top on it and it literally takes a photo like that pinhole like the light shining through that hole burns the image onto the photo paper and then you can develop it as a fully like processed beautiful like photo. Imagine he's just taking the photo on a camera and lying And he could because I don't fucking know how it works. Yeah, that's insane. That's some, that's some science.


No, it's crazy But it's really crazy how simple it is. But also how I cannot wrap this fucking pee brain around it. No. 'cause it's not simple. That makes no fucking sense of this piece of paper. And this can can take a photograph. Yeah, That's crazy. Or phones I can talk to, I can talk to Mikayla Testa down under and she can hear me in the exact moment that I am saying this in America. I Couldn't agree more. FaceTime is even crazy if you think about it. No, remember, I mean it's Bluetooth that Ashley Tisdale movie came out when they like were talking like FaceTiming but like it was before we had FaceTime we were like could you imagine if we could really Do that? Yeah. And now it just like a thing. And that was like Our regular Well because you were talking about photographs, it got me thinking about Ed Sheeran 'cause of the song photograph he got added to the weekend two lineup.


Yeah, that's what I heard. I'm livid. Okay. Are you guys Weezer fans? Alan in the Sun. Who, Okay one weekend got Weezer and one weekend got Ed Sheeran and maybe I'm just such an Ed Sheeran fan. I but why do I feel like that's one weekend getting Mikayla tested on one weekend getting Anna Paul. Wait Is we or are they like you didn't even like No that was like bad. I was just saying like way better is one. Oh way better is one. Yes. Ed Sheeran, I, I love Ed Shean. Love Ed Sheeran so much. He was my first. I'm not hating on Weezer. It's just like Ed Sheeran live just even feels like I've never learned like his, he was one of the first musicians, the first musician I ever learned an album. Every word to every song front to back.


That's the best back in like middle school. That's crazy. You cannot hate on old Ed Shean. I remember I told Sam Goba or Sam Goba one that he looked like Hot Ed Shean and he was so offended. Alright you guys, we have officially been at the Cancelled studio for a grill hours, but we love you all so, so, so much. By the time you see this, we will be on our international tour. If there are any tickets left or anything, please come see us and we love you so much and we're gonna miss our little haunted studio while we're gone. And Amari, Thank you for joining us. Thanks For having me. I had a great time. We love you. Yeah, it was my first time in here. I don't Feel like haunted Our sexy little slutty little third co-host. See you in Melbourne.


Ugh. Bye.