
Hello And welcome back to The Cancelled Cancelled Cancelled Podcast Podcast. Brooke has an outfit change. I fucking don't. We're shooting a million things today. Everything's chopped and screwed. But yeah, We started a Patreon, but then we decided that it wasn't a Patreon anymore. It's an episode. So now we're in an episode. Before we get into today's episode, we were just discussing this off camera and once again, we want to say five two be in Berlin, Germany, My favorite of them all Lease sold, which Ray of my security was just saying that he was in the military, which I didn't even know, and was stationed in Berlin. And they would always promote shows of when American Acts would come to Berlin at the military basis. And I'm like, how the fuck do we get in on that?


I'm obsessed. I feel like there's a pitch perfect about that. Like How cool would that be to do just like the Cancelled show for our troops? I feel like that like we're supposed to respect our troops and like the last thing that I we should be doing for them is like, whatever we do, You're actually so right. Like they would probably end the show home and be Like, I mix. Well, it could be After healing everything they've done for us, we're gonna repay them that way. But then maybe their, their takeaway is like, wow, I'm excited to go back to the base. Like maybe, if anything, we'll give them a newfound excitement to go back to the base. You're right. Or they'll remember what they're fighting for. Belfast UK on five, five New Show in London on five 11, Manchester New show on five 15 and second show added in Amsterdam on five 18.


And so many of those shows are added shows because of things selling out. So obviously just Thank you guys so much, but Berlin, Oslo, and Paris, listen, we're learning our markets and we might never come back. That is kind of the takeaway here. Maybe there's not much of a demand, so maybe that's like a selling factor. It's like, ooh, like one and only, Ooh, you know, I, okay. Very excited to discuss getting Eiffel Towered while under the Eiffel Tower. Aw, that's poetic, Isn't it? I forgot to bring this up on the main episode. And sometimes God works in mysterious ways, like with memory here. Okay. Because I wrote it down as a topic because it absolutely cannot not be a topic.


Oh, Brooke, you're gonna die. You're actually gonna die. So as you know, I recently reinstated my Depop. No. Okay. And mind you, this is after all that shit I talked about Alyssa Violet as well, like even coming back to Depop was very much giving the energy of like, Hey, hey, how y'all doing? And I wasn't really talking shit about being on Depop. It was just funny, Alyssa Violet kind of coming at defending Jason Nash with the galaxies and then selling the dresses and just the long captions and she was coming at people's necks. There was much more to it than just like her being on Depop, whatever. But obviously I come back to Depop and my goal is for everything to be running, you know, tight ship.


I hired an entire girl on salary just to run the Depop. Like it is her one and only job Like I am. I've been going back and forth with her to make everything perfect, the mailers, the items. I'm making her double check, triple check, just quite literally everything. Because the last thing I want as Tana Mongeau in 2025 is a fucking Depop scandal. Okay, what'd You do? What'd you Do? You saw my closet clean out video. I did. You were telling me you were watching it. Thank you for that. I'm going through my purses. I'm just grabbing shit off the wall. I'm not thinking twice. Left, right up and down. No, What was in there? I sold someone a tga. No, I sold someone a fake Bottega bag. And like, there's so much wrong with that.


I sold someone a fake fucking Bottega bag. I'm gonna kill myself. Wait, Wait for what? But for fake prices or real prices? No, Brooke. Brooke. Okay. I just wanna, I wanna talk you through it. I'm not even like a DHgate girly. Okay. I buy And I swipe, I buy real bags. Like if I totaled up the amount of fake bags in my closet, it is under three. Like truly, I, I'm not, I'm not gating it up. Not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm just saying now my public perception is gonna be a gate girly. No. And I'm Like, I drop racks. Like I'm literally pissed now that I wrapped. I'm just saying things Like I drop racks again. Yeah, I almost clocked it. But No, I'm serious. Even just the whole day as I was going to wrap Hefner, I was like, cash coming lumps.


Like I've been talking different again now that I'm a rapper again anyways. And kind of rapper of me, I guess, to have a fake Bottega. But I bought it in Italy with Mads And I know that now. Like I just wasn't thinking about it. Again, I don't, I don't think of myself as a, as a girl from the gates and we bought it from this bag dealer. Like I just, And I paid like a hefty price for it. But just looking back, like he came to your hotel room and spread them out on the floor. No shit. Like, just whatever. And the bag, I carried it everywhere. Even just thinking it was real as well. What Does it look like? What's like, what's the bag like The think like the first bottega bag you ever could think of. Like woven. Woven and like black little top handle tiny.


And I sold it for four oh bucks because it was beat to smithereens. I would carry it everywhere thinking I have this real Bottega bag. And then the guy went and got it appraised at Bottega and imagined just like, you know, he told the person in the store and like, just getting it appraised. And it being, I have, I have no choice but to literally end my own life. What did you do? How did you handle this situation? Is what really does refunded Him fully commented that I'm an idiot. He made tiktoks about it. I'm not even, no, I'm, which sucks Dick for me and just trying to rebrand, obviously I'm like so sad this is happening. Like it is so against my rebrand, but I'm not hating on him at all. If I bought something from an influencer on Depop and it was fake, I would feel Like I hit the goldmine. I would make a 37 part series about it, you know, 100%.


But holy shit. And you know, Alyssa Violet is somewhere just fucking eating this up, like bolognese bitch. Like I, And I can't even hate, I can't even hate Like I am an idiot. Wait. Honestly though, there's a lot of worse things that can happen because when you said you were going through your purses, I'm thinking what did You Inside the Yeah, yeah. I, I've had that happen to me a lot where I would put a Depop bag in the pile and then like, I'd be about to fall asleep and remember that there was like a Molly capsule in the bag and I'd like go get it out. I've, I think, And I don't even wanna say it 'cause now I'm inciting people to go check things that I've sold them, but I don't think I've ever sold anyone to anything with anything in it. O which is good. I have a question.


Is Depop like really that profitable for you? You know what's funny is I, I that's not what I thought your question was gonna be. So then I had an answer that just not, Okay. What was your answer? I just bought a, Was my question. I Just, I thought you were gonna say, is Depop really like authenticated like that And I actually just bought a fake me, me bag on Depop. Like I paid the real price And I got there And I was like, this is fucking fake. How'd you know? Did you go take it? Go Wait, what bag was It? You don't have to know. Oh, you don't, you, You know, Like I know like it's fake. It's fucking fake as shit. And I paid like $800 for it. Oh shit. So I guess it all grammatically works out And I'm still gonna carry it, honestly. It's cute. And I'll add it to my fake bags. Yeah. My question is, is it profitable?


Because I ask this because I see it actually like kind of often with influencers and their de pops, I'm not saying yours, but like I'll see someone post like, first of all like shoes that are like, literally like they have holes in the bottom and they'll sell them for like, you know, like $8. And I'm like, you have to ship that out. Like I, I don't understand how it's profitable. Well I have items right now, for example, for sale on my Depop that are all authentic. I'm literally livid because now there's just like everything else, Like, I promise you I don't buy fake shit, so I'm just so pissed. Like I bought a Balman sweater for like a thousand dollars that I've never worn. So I'm selling it for like 800. I have like Jason Vorhees sneakers that are huge in the Hype Beast community, Drake NoDa, my pick me era.


Like I do have a lot of things that like, are worth a decent amount that Like I just no longer want. Okay. And I sold one, one fake go ticket bag And I refunded out. I think he's still mad, which sucks 'cause I'm Like, I Well it sucks because it's like you that only, only because he took it to get like authenticated or whatever the word is. Did he ever find out and had he not, he would've just been walking around? I Fake, I guess. That's true. That's true. And Like I obviously, I don't wanna like scam anyone out of anything. And everything else, once again, I bought from the store really Sucks though that like that of all people, like no one else is taking it to get authentic. Like you, you got like, you sold it to the one wrong person. Yeah. Which Is so fucking funny and good on him.


I'm happy. Like truly happy that he got refunded. Like I would never wanna do that to people. But I also buy all of my bags in person in the store. Like I can't stress it enough. Like this is the only time in my life I ever was like in Italy just drunk and like bag dealer and whatever. And I carried that thing around with pride. But I mean, this is how we all find out you can't Win 'em all. And it could be worse. You could still be selling bright yellow chops on there. We might see some, it is still crazy. Some of the things that, oh no. That are making it to the Depop, but we are closet cleaning out and it's, I swear to God, everything else I bought in this stomach, Honestly. And it just, in 2025, it's like, and truly like this, I feel like things like this have happened to me.


Like just will keep happening to me honestly. Where it's like I'm taking all measures. Like I literally have a girl on salary, like cleaning everything fucking twice, like taking good photos, making sure like nothing is fucked up. Pricing things accordingly if they have anywhere, like all of the things and like it'd be one thing if I like bought a bunch of fake bags And I would have to differentiate to her like it truly, it's like you Didn't even think about it. It just Would. Yeah. It just would fucking happen to me. And fucking it's Okay. But it's, you know, my, every time I do something really stupid, my grandpa says, well you'll never make that mistake again. Or anytime something really bad happens to me, Like I get robbed or something, he's like, okay, well it won, won't happen again.


Honestly, that's Actually like really sweet and like very true and like it won't happen again. But just like, oh my God. And just like on TikTok too, like just Tana Mongeau sold me a fucking tga. I'm literally, I didn't see It all. I didn't it, it didn't get my, or get to my for you page. And my for you page is like literally all about you. I'm hoping it like shut down quickly because I like just refunded him. It's just like, you're actually kidding me. I have to kill myself. I appreciate the internet holding me accountable because truly Like I am, I have no skeletons in my closet in that sense. Like I want to be, you know what I mean? Like even just Like I was telling someone in my life like, oh, like yeah. And then they made a TikTok and they were like, oh my God, of course. Like just whatever. And I'm like, but if no That's like valid, I would've made a TikTok. Yes, 100%. And Like I sometimes you do love that feeling of Like, I kind of hit the gold mine here.


Like yes, my bag is fake And I got refunded and that's annoying And I spent the time authenticating it. But Like I get to make these tiktoks. Like that's how I would feel. I don't know if that's how this person feels, but yeah, I live For a good viral opportunity. 100%. Dude, I, I bought in the island this ring from David Yurman in Vegas. I love it. And Thank you so much. It's, it's honestly very sweet. And I had had like a shitty ring on the day before. 'cause I was doing my whole wrapper look like, so I had my like big fake bedazzled like rings and shit. And I put this ring on just over it after I bought it. And then I was in the casino and my finger was green And I was like, oh my God, is this David Yurman ring turning my finger green? This like solid gold diamond ring. I just bought turning my fingers green. And I was stoked because I was Like, I can't wait to make that.


But then I realized, you know, it wasn't, But you know, that sometimes can happen. If you're just really low on iron, it'll just start turning your fingers green regardless. No way. Yeah, because the same way, like if you rub it on your skin, it'll turn black. It'll, I never do that. It'll, your fingers never. I Never knew that. Yeah. Not me though. I'm, I'm high on iron. Yes. My beefed up batty. Do you want anything right now? Like are you in the mood for like a little snacky? Yeah, like a little drinky. Like should we order something? Yeah, we Could even have like a little mooc. Mooc. Yeah. Yeah. What should We get? I'm hungry. What Should we get Beef? Like Taco Bell beef? Like might like might be horse beef or like beef. Beef. Like beef. I like all beef. I Like all beef Indian food. What, what? Wait, how, how was the pickle launch?


Everybody's loving. Wait, I think think you lied to me about being on the Pickle PR list because I Haven't sent them out Yet. I don't think the, oh, I was like, because I don't think there is a pickle PR list there, but I've been hyping them up And I almost literally called you today. I said say can you please bring me, actually that is why I called you today. And then I forgot to ask you. I will be sending you so many. I'm not kidding. My PR list is so small. It's like you Bibi Josie And I forget who's like Ken Urick or something. Like literally it's Like I amm gonna send it to like six people and Just call it, I just, I've been really Like, I other day I wanted them so bad and I'm not even like that big of a pickle girl. I, when I was saying that, that the honey mustard like converts people who don't like pickles. I really mean it. 'cause they're like that fucking good. Do you know Spencer Prat? So check this one out. Actually Caly and Kaylin ended up being a sponsor of the Poosh event.


Okay. So I'm getting tagged in all these people, one of them being Your pickle fight, Right? Not like necessarily mine, but like they can make ones from mine. Oh. Or like people were also just being like, you're the company that works with TANA whatever. I wake up in Vegas to Spencer Pratt mentioned you in their story. I like, my heart went to my ass. I was like, what did I do wrong? Oh no, because you know Spencer Pratt's like a caller outer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, and I'm like, oh my God, what? And like, whatever it is, I would just eat. It's Spencer Pratt. You don't win that fight. He's the fucking icon. Right. And then I open it up and it's him filming a video that I would've personally paid $10,000 for. Like, not kidding. He's like going up to the pickle owner being like, you're the Tana's Pickles owner guy. Aw. And like trying the pickles, whatever. But what an oversight from Poosh. Like had they and like Bibe like ended up at the Poosh event and like eating the pickles and tagging me and like whatever.


And I was like, you know, if Courtney Knew would've put the affiliation that They, that this pickle company was like Tana's pickle company that like, they literally would've probably said no to them being at the event. So like how funny. I love that though. I love a loophole. Yeah. Like what a loophole that my pits all In. Were Technically at the push event. How funny. Like Alabama is livid. I live for it. Literally. So funny. But yeah, the event was really good. Honestly. I I like, we did it on Eventbrite and kept it at a cap so that it was like smaller and that I could like actually meet every person. Like I had like a 10 minute conversation with like 300 girls and they just came through and they got their flights And I, it was super sickening and just fun honestly. Like I was behind the counter violating everything HIPAA's ever stood for serving people.


Not HIPAA's crazy. I think it's the food and drug administration or the health, health and safety squad or something. Hipaa hipaa right. Is like, is like, you can't tell somebody about the someone else's medic medical history's, sorry. Katy Perry went to the moon and came back before I woke up this morning. Oh My God. And honestly, listen, we had a lot to say about it and everybody has a lot to say about it. I'm seeing the reactions and they're like, this is so like we're setting women back. Why did we have to have women's space suits? But I feel like if we didn't have women's space suits, I'd be like, why are they fucking making the girls wear the same space suits? Yeah. That is kind of like valid. I'd Be like, make a sexier space suit.


Was the parachute thing always supposed to happen? What? Parachute They, they came down in parachutes. I mean, how else do you, I guess it, it, we don't usually see like a rocket ship come back, do we actually No. I remember that we saw it and it landed in the ocean And I thought it was ai. The last one, the people who were there for like nine months. Okay, I have a question. Sure. And I don't know enough about things like this and it's, it is just wild. Like this might be a hot take, but like, it's so funny how like we are expected to like just know everything about everything. Like I had people in my comments like asking me to like speak on the tariffs and I'm like, haven't I proven to you across the last 10 years that I am like just a fucking bonafide idiot?


Yeah. If I've learned one thing about myself, it's that I am going to spread misinformation And I shouldn't comment on anything that ever has any sort of weight in the world at all. And you should never trust anything that comes outta my mouth on this podcast. That's, And I, I remember during the election one year someone said like, someone tweeted like people are trying to get their political advice from Tana Mongeau and that's what's wrong with the world and had like a hundred thousand retweets. And I was like, thank Gotcha. Yes. Like, and obviously I've done all of my personal research on the tariffs, but I would hate to come online and then like say one thing wrong and then it'd be like whatever. You know what I mean? Yeah. And so anyhow with this, forgive me if I'm like super wrong, but once again, if you're looking for me to be super right about this lost on you, right? How much money does it cost to just send people to space?


And I think my take is, if it's a lot, why the fuck are we just sending Katy Perry to space? Why aren't we giving this money? Do You think they had to pay for their spotter? No. Or do you think it was like an influencer agreement? Oh, I didn't think about that. That like Right. Like tripping with Tart X the orbit. So I Saw someone say today like, don't let tarts see this. We're gonna have a purple rocket ship and all of Love Island is gonna be zero gravity. But But like If they paid their way, okay. I mean Lauren Sanchez can pay her way. Right? I don't know who that is. She's Married to Jeff Fa I Oh my God. Right. No, because last time I said she was my friend And I was actually just thinking of someone else named Lauren. She was the one in the white Sheen bodysuit during the inauguration.


Yes. I was gonna say if they paid their way. Okay. But then still it raises my like, like wouldn't that money just do so many people in this solar system? Good. Of course. But what about the money you spent on Post? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Then I guess that, I don't know, I, I Remember like people are always gonna do things with their money that could be used better. Yeah. I guess are we, like was there a purpose? Like were we No, But me spending money on Uber Eats is not the same as like a ri dollars of people going to fucking space. Like feed the children, right? Yeah. Well I guess I could have fed a lot of children actually. I guess I'm Curious like what the, what the purpose was. Like were they raising awareness? Like did they need to take a photo when they were up there?


Like what was the actual like objective? So I saw this video today of Katy Perry, her Zero Gravity holding the butterfly in the feather and shit. And Katie looks amazing up there. She looks better than ever. So apparently Blue Origin with Amazon, they're trying to sell tickets so you can reserve a, a seat for $150,000 And In space. Yeah, for Blue Origin A seat. Like it's the sphere. They're trying to make commercial space flight. And so this was promotional for that. That's What it seems like at Least. Okay. But I saw this video today And I want to talk about it. It's Pretty sick that you can just go to space if you want. I know. Do you know what I think a lot of it is is it is Like, I think just like most things in today's society, like marketing matters so much.


Like if they had a clear and concise, like beautiful message for this campaign, like even just if it was for women empowerment that like not as many females have been in space as men, then like why is she saying putting the ass an astronaut? Right? Like, you know what I mean? Whatever. Right. Look at this video. I feel super connected to love. So connected to love. I think this experience has shown me you never know how much love is inside of you. Like how much love you have to give and how loved you are until the day you launch. Like this sounds like someone's monologue on love is blind. Wait, She's dizzy.


Like something Wait, something bad happened to her up there. Like How much this was it like Noah Centena or who was it where it's like it's what You do with what you've done. Yeah. Like, like what? That there's God, like there could have, someone could have written a script. Like I Think I genuinely am standing behind the fact that I think that this is like they're trolling I think at the like it's their Benson Boone fucking onesie. It's like they're trying to get more people to talk about what's going on. I feel like it would've been just Katy Perry's gonna space, but because they made such a spectacle and like stink Honestly. Yes. Such a stink out of like the conversation around it. Put the ass an astronaut way, way, way more people are talking about it and like laughing at it and therefore more people know.


But know what that Katy Perry was able to sing hot and cold in space. Like I just, I, it's not like It's just, I don't know. I just feel like the choice of people, maybe they couldn't get a lot of people to agree to go to space. That's true. Like what a blunt rotation. Katy Perry. Lauren Sanchez and Gail King. But like Gail Was stressing when she got off. Did you see? No, I just saw her Saying everyone else comes off and they're so happy and Gale literally looks like she just like saw like it's, you have to find it significance here of Bell. And I should note before I have you Wait this is actually so fucking funny. Brooke. Look, look, look, look.


Wait. Oh, did Jeff Bezos go too? It Was his ship. Yeah that checks out. It was his ship. His Wife Anthony, Katie, Gail. It was Jeff and that's why everything was wrong with it. Look at her. Funded it. Everybody else is so happy and she, This better be made into a meme like me clocking out of work after. Look At Katie. I was always surprised to find out how tall she is. That would be, that would 100% be me. Like I just would be like, what the fuck did I just do? Honestly though, if I went to space, you would never hear the end of it. Everything would be about me going to space. I went to space. I'm so much better than you. Me when I'm in Miami on Coke, I keep thinking you're wearing a Mrs. Fields hat.


Like that's what that hat looks like. What's Mrs. Fields? Is that like little Debbie Like cooking company? Yes. Oh my God. The one thing I know about I was starving. No, I went to the Vegas gift shop and spent $500 on Vegas merch. Like I wasn't born and raised there. I got a slot machine for at home though. Please Remind me. And if you forget to remind me, you're a shitty friend to get a magnet in every single city we're going to. I'm a new magnet collector Where we will you put them On my oven because I don't have a fridge. Oh, that's everything and more. That's really cute. I wanna have something to collect. Yeah, we were like, we explored like different things that we could collect. Key chains was just like they're, they're not functional.


Like how many key chains do you need? Oh, I'm gonna do lighters. Yeah, lighters or I matches. Another good idea is coozies. I, you know I love a good cozy. You do. I do. I have one from Cedar Rapids. I remember the day you got that. You were so happy about that. I'm weirdly a cozy hater. Well what you just like your hand to be cold. Yeah. Like it's, it's so weird. It's like me hating on a functional thing. 'cause I think it's like chewy. I don't what the fuck. I just Won't Like I think coozies are maga You're maga just kidding. Your hat's Maga. You're wearing a red hat. Isn't that shitty? Like I, I almost, I wanted to buy a red Yankees hat the other day And I was like, can't wear that.


Oh 'cause like from the back. Yeah. People really think Like, I wore a brown hat one one time and people started sending me hate mail When they landed. 1, 2, 3 Am kind of obsessed though. Like I, I am, I think maybe just jealous because they all have like a pretty tight knit group. It appears It, it is just cra The one person is so Wild. You know, part of something Like the fact that it's just Jeff Bezos is like fucking Fuck. Imagine being married to Jeff Bezos. What was the fir? What what, what would you do? What would you do if you had access to that amount of wealth? If I was married to Jeff Bezos I would ask to peg him and grip that bald head.


I would just wanna put my dominance on top by Amazon. Okay Then, then I would ask for Mecu Pink salmon. DNA masks on a subscribe and save constantly that I don't have to pay for. Okay. Is that, this is a TikTok shop ad. Like why is everyone selling Mecu? I just love that mask. It's the best face mask on planet earth. I'm not getting paid for this at all. Literally Mecu wants nothing to do with me. I would get a zero gravity massage chair. Could I just get things off of Amazon? No, I think you can get things anywhere because he is a billionaire. Oh you just have access to his bank account. I would ask Jeff Bezos to find the cleanest, purest Quaalude money can buy And I would try a Quaalude.


Really? Yeah. If you had the opportunity right now to try a Quaalude that wasn't like boof at all. I guess. I don't know what a Quaalude is supposed to do to me. I Don't know anything other than the Wolf of Wall Street. Just that. Then Why would you wanna do that? That's got, that's something I'll clock in therapy. I would want house performances all the time. I want Adam Sandler to come over and just yell at me over and over and over again until I was sick of it. Okay. Like I would buy Drew Barry Moore And just cuddle with her friend. She's Every movie. Yeah, Imagine that. I would just want her, I just want her around me always. I Guess if we're thinking weird animals, suddenly this is the first time I'm realizing that I would really want an alpaca.


But no, they scare me. Kind of. What do Alpacas do? I don't know. Just like imagine petting up like that. You know what, okay, I wanna talk about this. We're leaving on tour And I feel like because we're leaving the United States for so long, obviously even just when you leave like on tour, you're away from your home for so long. I'm prioritizing because I was asking Hunter as well And I feel like he's really toured like the world a lot and left for this amount of time a lot of times. And I was like, what's your best advice? And he was saying that he would tell me to bring lots of things from home. Like things that make me feel better about whatever I'm bringing my flat tortilla pillow. Duh. Like I have my pillow that's literally as flat as a magazine that I sleep on every night and it helps me with all of my neck problems.


Like I hate what my fucking is way off cranked. Okay. You know? And I'm trying to think of other things that I'm wanting. Like I'm gonna bring like a Peppa I love for sure. Like things that are sentimental to you that you like to have at home. Yes. I have this blanket that I Like, I don't care how disgusting it is. Like I don't want it washed. I don't want it to smell like laundry detergent. I want it to smell like the day I got it. Actually it's the one that Morphy gave us that says Like I put her on. Yes. The gray. I Never, it's so soft and like the way Like I never, mouse has now chewed a hole in it, like the, literally the size of a basketball And I don't care. I wanna sleep with that every night. And it's coming. That's a good one. That's a really good one.


I think I wanna bring a lot of like American food and snacks. Like lots of red 40 lots of MSG like just like even like some acts Or Can you do that? Can we, Like I was thinking about asking sriracha F or asking Starbucks for a lot of sriracha today 'cause Mm. Starbucks sriracha is fucking superior. It's Like I tried the jalapeno pocket today. It was electric. So good. I wanna bring moon sand. 'cause whenever I'm really in a pinch, like you think moon Chemical moon sand is gonna travel well? Well I actually have a moon sand travel case. You know, we have a limit on the amount of bags that we can bring. I know. That's the only issue why I'm gonna start stealing everyone else's. Like I'm serious. And who's carrying those? Honestly. Mm. You can't have 11 big body suitcases when you know how many flights in 30 days.


I think. I think I'm gonna have four. Like if I'm telling you the truth, I'm probably gonna have four. Especially I was having three in my head with my idea of the weather and now finding out it's gonna be cold. I'm like, fuck, fuck shit. Fuck fuck. I know. Like jackets. I just Like every single tour I kick myself at the end because I'm Like, I wore 10% of the things that I brought. So I decided like if it, if it's boots, Like I don't need seven pairs of boots because like nobody is like noticing like, oh she wore these boots yesterday so she can't wear 'em again today. Like just wear the boots again. You're right, you're right. I will. And I'm happy we're having this conversation 'cause I do wanna keep that in mind. And like on tour I would say that I wore like 85% 'cause I do the pre-packed outfits in the bags and then I pick the outfits And I wear them.


Yeah. But sometimes I'll see your suitcase open and sprawled and there's like a coffee table inside. You're right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna be as mindful as possible, but I also want to be as comfortable as possible. So it's, there's gonna be somewhere in the middle of that where I have my things from home. I have my additional outfit choices. I also like, I've been doing a thing where I'm buying clothes like intention with the intention of sharing with my boyfriend so we can wear the same things. Oh That's, Yeah, like genius jackets and sweaters especially 'cause it's like, it is Great too. 'cause just with the allotted amount of bags, like Mcco travels with a backpack and like, so I, I did stuff. I Bought a backpack. Backpacks are back. And only because Bebe was like if you were a backpack. That's so embarrassing.


And it like really it, I was, I've been sitting on it and thinking about it and I've been feeling like preemptively embarrassed about it. But then I was like in the airport and stuff, I am always so miserable because my shoulder is like literally gonna fall off because of the weight of whatever tote bag I'm carrying. So I'm, I bought a backpack. Fuck you guys My back, my black Louie backpack. That's hard to say is my most traveled item. Oh yeah, you were a backpack. Yeah, I'm a, I, there were like four years of my life where I only looked like a ninja turtle. Like in public. Like I lo, especially in my rapper era, you know, I was like me and my, I had an MCM backpack talk about things that I just should have never had. I had a big red and white giant MCM backpack with a boom box in it. Speakers on the outside. I'm So happy I missed whatever era that was.


No. Are you, I could connect to Bluetooth of my backpack and then just play music and Oh I would, that was it. That was a brutal time. I'm trying to think of anything else I would wanna bring. I wish I could bring Murph, not mouse, but Murph for sure. I know Someone said they have, they've been giving me a hard time online because they think I am only posting mouse because he is my favorite. But I'm only posting mouse because he's the only one who gives me problems. Murphy is my favorite. Yeah. She's just like a perfect angel. I mean, duh, for so long I, we're now in talks of a potential end of the year us tour. This is always how it goes with touring. 'cause the agents are just, you know, they're agents so like the second that they know we're open and available and stuff.


And it's the greatest blessing in the world. Of course the fact that there's even of a demand at all to potentially do some US shows again and some we're adding Canada, we're doing all the things. But we might be back on the bus before the end of the year. And that was not on my bingo card. But like the Bus, there's something so home Bus. But you should bring mercy This time. I know. But I don't know. It's hard. It's stressful for humans. So definitely stressful for animals. I guess that's true. But like Having to train somebody because like it's, it's, it's one thing to have a cat sitter. Like mouse is not a cat. Like trying, we have to have like tomorrow we have someone coming over to like learn and like re like we have to really give her like the lowdown and like explain 'cause it's not like Oh, Oh who's watching her?


Yeah. Who's, Who's staying with Mouse and Murf while we're gone? You Need to make sure she's got good like calisthenics. I know. And like, like she has the number of the, the vet that we have to call every two minutes and like, you know, directions to the hospital he goes to every other day. Like What if you put them up in a room with no added gadgets or gizmos. Oh he'd find a way he'd eat the wall. He Would eat the drywall without a question. Like literally immediately. He ate my skims today. No, the more you play with him, the less he eats and stuff. So like that's really the takeaway is like he just needs to be constantly stimulated and like, And he has no, Like I take Him to like Dave and Busters or something. He has no like doit yourself toys where he enjoys them. He can't Because he swallows them.


So like it's just hard. Like if he would play all day with like one of those things that you like hold up and he jumps and stuff. But he will swallow the entire pole so he can't have them cat Trees. They have cat trees. They like they're cat trees. But does he like But they're really meant for scratching and sleeping. Yeah. But does he scratch Them? If there's anything interactive like they, one of 'em has like a hanging ball off of it. Swallow due to us stacking episodes right now. We thought we would talk to you, the viewers. I just tweeted and asked if anybody has any questions And I'm just gonna start reading off rip the questions. Your favorite Coachella set of all time was the first question. Oh, Porter Robinson and Madon or Madon?


Uhon. Coachella. 2017. I wanna say it was literally Like I, I didn't even know who that was going into it. It was such a spiritual experience for me and it was Like, I will never skip Coachella again. I did but oh my god. It was like literally life changing. What was, what is it For Dylan Francis. Really like the EDM Of all? Yeah. Oh my original Coachella's. Like that's all I would care About. That's true. I had my like EDM era too and it was kind of at that time that's just so funny 'cause obviously you, you don't listen to EDM in like the car and stuff so that's so fun. No, But it's like at a festival it's so different. Like that's what it's for. Also Merton, that was like just such a crazy year. They had like all the best sets that year.


I saw James Bay in the smallest tent right after he released his like major album. Oh. Performing like let it go and like whatever. And I swear it was like me and like a hundred people And I was barricade and he was just like singing at me. I'll never forget that. It was me and Isabella. That was my first Coachella. Oh wow. Billie Eilish but not her headlining year before that when she was swinging from the bed with Phineas and she cried singing. I Love You on the Bed Swinging. I have literal full body ghosts even. Oh my God. I know the clip. I've watched it a thousand times. And it was weirdly me, James, Charles and Victoria Justice. I think we all sang And then Amari tried to like Victoria bumped into Amari And I think he like piped up and then realized it was her.


Oh no. And like immediately dialed back and it was just like very funny. Lana Del Rey I loved so much. Yeah, that was amazing. I have, well that's a story I think I'm gonna save for a live show. But I had a like picked outta the crowd like what's that movie Ann Hathaway? Oh and she gets picked out. Is it Harry Styles or is it not Harry Styles in that movie? It's not. It's yeah some guy, but I think it's like supposed to be like a Harry Styles type that happened to me. So that's one. That's a good one. That's a good one. I'm trying to think of any more that just like Lord performing Green Light as I got out of Coachella jail. But I was just talking about that. Oh my God. Seven year anniversary was a couple days ago.


Of what? Of you going to jail at Coachella? It's so funny. Like even just thinking about that time not, I've talked about the Coachella arrest so much. Like we all know all about it and whatever. But I immediately flew from Coachella to Reno, Nevada where my boyfriend lived And I was Like, I remember him And I were just like, he was being such a dick to me and like gaming. And then I was like, you know what, I'm gonna film a storytime. And I didn't even think Like I wasn't even gonna make a video about it And I was like, obviously I got arrested. I have to and like, but just like all of those videos being at his house in Reno, Nevada is so funny to me. But it's 'cause Like I would get there and he would be like, I'm gonna play Rocket League for the next five hours And I'm obsessed With your like you have no shame.


Like you will film in front of anybody. Like whenever, wherever. And Like I that's so I think it's 'cause I've just always been that way 'cause it was like, you accept me as a YouTuber or you don't Yeah because like even as I started YouTube, I feel Like I had a lot of fake friends fall off people who didn't support me. It's funny, I just saw one, I was at the mall shopping in Vegas and this girl runs up to me and she's like, TANA, it's so good. See Yara you are like amazing. She doesn't, She was just No like, she was like sucking the fart outta my ass. But like was such a, to me like during that time Dream guest. But for big celebrities on the Cancelled podcast, SHA Boozy Shazi.


I know nothing about him. I have to stop. I just love that song. Adam Sandler. Duh. Adam Sandler's a huge dream guest of mine obviously. Of course. But like that's, I honestly don't want him on the podcast. Miley Cyrus. Miley Cyrus. Oh my God. Do you think Miley Cyrus had eyelid surgery? I don't know. I've been really looking into it and like I'm torn because sometimes like, you know, people really come in Nina Dore And I, I, I know that's a touchy subject for you because you, I Will never do it again. But love people Always say like she had a crazy eyelid surgery And I really genuinely look at her And I think she just aged. Damn. I don't know who else I Have like Theo Vn. Oh my God. I would do anything to have Theo VN on the Cancelled podcast.


I dunno know why he won't come on the Cancelled podcast. I kind of know why he wouldn't go on Cancelled, but like then please have us on this past weekend. No, I feel exactly the opposite way about it. Like I feel like he like this past weekend is too good for us but I feel like he would come to us. I just feel like him in this environment w would be scary for him and like whatever. Whereas going to his environment and then we'd almost be able to riff more Theo style in Theo's environment. I don't know. That's, that's my take on that. Well I just don't expect him to ever have me personally on this past weekend. I'll tell you that much. Oh My God. I don't know. I would do anything for it. Me too. I love you Burt Kreer.


I just love like, I mean is Tom Segura like liked? Like has he done anything like crazy or whatever They all, I mean you can pretty much assume that any like big comic has been like, has been in big trouble. I get myself in trouble that way a lot because I don't really like keep up with that And I always am like, oh my God I love this person. But like just assume always that I don't know and they, I just heard them say something funny. Mm Role model I would actually really love to have on Cancelled. I would too. I Just reached out Like I, Like I texted our management group chat And I was like, can we get role model on? And I forget what Greg said. It was like, you know might be tough but like it's always an ask away or something. Like he used the most like manager jargon to say like, okay diva.


Like that's not fucking happening. No It wasn't. You didn't say role model, you said someone else. But I really, I actually think that he would come on, I don't know. I had like myself really convinced that he like loved us for a second there I texted Can we get Jennifer Coolidge on Cancelled? Have I lost it? Greg said definitely worth us reaching out. Which is like the most manager jargon response for like Absolutely Not. It's never fucking happening. But sure I'll write the email. Definitely worth us reaching out. Jennifer Coolidge duh would do anything. Parker Posey too. It's crazy. I've been who's Parker Posey Tsunami.


I have to pick Up. Hi Bruno. Oh, oh my god. I just found out I can do that by the way. And that's just my whole, I saw your TikTok whole new stem. It's funny that I didn't know she was the one in all the Blake Lively interviews where Blake goes, I love your pump. And it's her and Parker Posey and now like just the rebrand of a century. Her being the white lotus icon. Like how iconic. I love that. Blake Lively. Have you seen that movie? A Simple Favor with Blake Lively Didn't, aren't they coming out with a second one now? Yes. I just saw the trailer today and it's like, there was a lot of drama surrounding that movie because Anna Kendrick has gone on record and said that working with Blake Lively was a nightmare. Really? Which obviously like is crazy.


Checks out. And I honestly, I trust every single thing that Anna Kendrick says because I love her. And it's funny too 'cause even like at the height of all this Blake Lively shit, a like press person asks Anna Kendrick like how was it working with Blake Lively and Blake or, and Anna Kendrick just goes, oh, you know like, and it's funny 'cause obviously as a celebrity you can always ignore that. Like if you're choosing to answer that, you're making a statement. So her going back into filming a movie with someone that she hates, it's awesome for the movie. Like I'm a huge fan. I love a psychological thriller. It's actually one of my favorites. I love that movie. I'm Excited. I've it a long time since I've seen it. But I must, I always, you have to assume that this was filmed before all of this like Blake Lively stuff even started happening.


'cause that was just within this last like year. I think it was like kind of during though. I might be making that up. I really don't know Really. I just feel like it takes years. Like Snow White for example, was filmed like six years ago. Oh that's wild. I didn't know that. Not really but like probably like almost four years ago I wanna say. And now obviously it's not, it's tanking. It's cool That Anna and Blake's dynamic in the movie is kind of Anna being fed up with Blake. So she probably just could easily method up through That. Probably just, I feel like that's how a lot of shows are. Or like Gossip Girl, Like thank God they like had beef anyhow. Like it probably made it a lot easier to just, or like use it for their art.


Do you ever think about like how hard it would be like for, oh you haven't seen Vampire Diaries, huh? No. Well nevermind. Or One Tree Hill. No. God, you're good for nothing. I know I was just on so much of a trashier side of television. Like I was so into the opposites of that I guess. You know, I was like thinking recently about like, how the fuck, like, 'cause obviously I, I knew like who you were and stuff because of like other YouTubers that I would see you in, but I never ever came across your videos until I lived in LA And I was Like, I wonder how that happened. And I realized it's because Like I thought like even Emma Chamberlain was Like, I was like, this girl's so raunchy, Like I don't know, understand how she's talking like this.


Like I remember thinking that. 'cause like, so I wonder, had you ever come across mine before if we would even be here now? Probably not. 'cause you probably would've been turned off by my videos. Well I just Like, I, I don't know. My grandma like would've never let me like be any type of way. Like, I don't know, I was just also, I was in a sorority and like if we so much as like posted us with a red cup, we would get literally terminated from the sorority. So you probably have Like, I was very much Like I had to appear a certain way. How funny. Online. So I Like, I remember seeing Emma Chamberlain, Emma Chamberlain's, Like I dropped outta school video or something. She said like, fuck so many times that I was like, ugh. That's imagine telling that Brooke like what she Would be. And I was saying fuck. But Like I Like, Hey you're, Oh my God I can't believe you're posting this.


You're Gonna discuss your labia on the internet to millions. Like At length. Like just so like blank is right. We gotta, we got a, we got a laugh from the peanut gallery. Was it Miles? Yeah, that's actually everything. Taylor Swift. Imagine Taylor Swift on the Cancelled podcast. If she were to ever come on then imagine her PR team cutting everything. It would be just us breathing. Like That is so funny. Favorite Tricia Pettis era. Ooh. Obviously the correct answer is this current one. But I'm my, I'm gonna go secondarily marrying the cardboard cutout, like telling everyone I'm actually getting married.


She had the whole internet like on the edge of their seat. Like who she married I was into coming out as a chicken nugget. Mm mm I was into that And I was into her celebrity Big Brother era especially 'cause I'm a big brother, super fan. I wanna start off, I'm genuinely serious. Like I wanna have a side podcast where I like only talk about game shows. You should and have people like, I'm not kidding. I have like people to who to me are like the biggest celebrities in the world. Mm. Like a Rob from Survivor. Yes. Like Boston Rob. Like they're the biggest celebrities in the world to me. And like, it sucks that I can't even talk about you or them to you. You can't, Like right now the the season of Big Brother that we're watching is like, is It the Jojo UR one or no, No, no, no.


I don't think that's What a crossover. I can't get Over that. I know that's crazy. He got kicked outta the house finally. What was the final straw? Like what were the things that you, I don dunno, I'm surprised because you would, you would like on traditional Big Brother, like it is very easy to get kicked off. Like you can say like very little and get kicked off because they have like a zero tolerance policy. I cannot believe maybe because it's celebrity big brother that he was able to just like get off with a warning the first time. Like that's crazy. That Is wild. But now he has since been kicked off. Was he, What was he saying to even get off on the warning? He was Like, I, he called her Like I know like a gay slur, but then he was also like just being so overly sexual to her saying Like, I could turn you straight. Like after I got done with you, like you would not be gay anymore.


Like, and Jojo was like, you're 80 And I'd be and you more Gay. Yeah, that's, I think that's what she said. Ew. That's Disgusting. It was really horrible And I feel horrible for her. And then Bella Thorne came out and said that she also had a horrible experience. I saw that. Yeah. And I like even just remember her talking about that at the time. It's CR dude, Bella Thorne needs to drop the fucking documentary of a lifetime. I'm sure she will. She's so talented when it comes to like, you know what I mean, the things that she wants to do and she's passionate about, but like she has just been through so fucking much in this industry, like truly. And she's such a sport about it, you know what I mean? Like just still wants to act and still like whatever. Like if I had been through one 10th of the things that she's been through in this industry from a child on up, like truly such a strong woman.


Yeah, It's horrible. Good for her. If you were to delete one memory out of your head, but only one, what would it be? That's kind of dark because if it's really only one, like, I'm trying to think of like what my most embarrassing moment is And I would probably choose that If I had to go like funny, I would delete that entire, I hate people. I love them night. No, I, that's my favorite, one of my favorite memories that I even have. I just like, I'll never be able to say some of the things that happened that night. And it's crazy because I'm so open about like saying like literally I got a gun pulled on me And I, I fell down the stairs and hit Kid laroi And I did a like all these things. But like the fact that there are things from that night that Like I won't even write about in the book. Yeah. That was dark. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously I guess if I could delete one memory from my head, it would be like just so many fucked up things.


But like, I'm trying to think what's a food or drink that goes straight through you but you love it so much? Oh, I have lessons that I just keep learning over and over and over again. But I just Like, I don't care Every single time I eat Panera Bread, broccoli and cheddar soup, it comes out of me. Really? I have it Fridge as it Went in. I have it in the fridge right now. I actually The day that I shit myself on the pot, I ate that. Really, What I will say is like, as much as we talk about shitting ourselves, Like I really do kind of have a stomach of steel. Like I can eat just about anything and like pretty much be safe. Same like, yes, I'll have like little issues here and there, but like, like even Taco Bell for example, so many people struggle with, And I think it's like if you train yourself from a very young age to eat those things, right?


Like you just, That's an actual fact. Like those same way that you learn to be lactose intolerant. Like, like we're not born capable of drinking cow's milk. Like you're not supposed to do that. You have to build up a tolerance to that. So if you don't drink dairy or consume dairy for a really long time, and then you have milk, obviously you're gonna shit your pants. But if you have it all the time, like you, like, Can you just have a cup of whole milk? No problem. No, no problem. I can fucking bite into a block of cheese. I'm Like, I do love a block of cheese. You know what, it's so weird. 'cause like if you put Hershey syrup and milk, I'm drinking it. Like whatever, don't care. So yum. But like a plain glass of whole milk is my worst nightmare. But also it reminds me of my dad. I love It. I I'm like a bowlus spaghetti glass of milk.


Like I would love that. Also, it's so funny to me that like cream tops are becoming like a viral trend because I'm like, that's literally wiped cream and you guys are all having oat milk with a cream top that's like literally made of action. That is actually so fucking funny. Like, that's the most la shit ever. Like people are drinking oat milk drinks with a cream top. Yeah. Like you are not lactose intolerant. I saw All these people during Coachella this past weekend saying that if they weren't going to Coachella, they were just going to community goods every single day because there was no line. And how funny is that? Like that it's just the exact same crowd. Same Thing with Erwan. It's a ghost town. Someone posted it like literally nobody's there. That is like, that has got to be studied. Erwan had a major health and safety violation. What was it?


Santa Monica cockroaches in the tonic bar. Yeah, you heard it here first. That's wild. Because you know, the tonics were just still fucking a hundred dollars that day. 1 million. Like that is so insane. Oh my god. I fucking, when I was dying so sick last week, I ordered a health and wellness shot from Air One that like is just so ger Germ warfare. It's called germ warfare. It's 20 fucking dollars. Uber Eats germ warfare. And a singular smoothie to my house was fucking 65, $70. You know what I mean? But I was dying and everyone in LA like claims that this shot works like magic.


I think it makes you literally see God and then when you see God, he like grants you a wish. And, but the thing is, it's not the shot that's helping you, it's just the fact that it's so, so, so horrible and it changes like your entire body chemistry so much that you forget yourself. It is the most disgusting liquid I have ever ingested in my entire life. But I was completely better the next day. But I'm not kidding you. It felt for the next eight hours. Like I drank bleach. I could taste it in my eyebrows. Brooke. No, It's, I, I don't even like to think about it, but it's what's really like, the most important part of it is oil of oregano, which you can take in a pill form. Mm. So like, take it in a pill form. I could taste, I'm not even kidding you. I've never been able to be Like, I feel what I tasted in the parts of my face, like it was so fucking disgusting.


Yeah. But it worked, honestly. How different will Cancelled international be? I don't know. I'm hoping not that different. I feel like if it ain't broke, don't fix it. I guess that's true. We finally gotten to a point where, where, oh, Like took the tour. What Do you mean? What Do they mean? I don't Know. I mean just all of it. I think it's gonna be wildly different. I think I'm really, I'm very nervous to not be busing. I am like, Oh, I, I'm, I'm thinking like actually like the contents of the show. Like I think it'll be, I thought like that was my, I think this is our self ex most self exposing show yet in so many ways. Like just with footage too. Like it's not like any of the things that we're exposing does not have like a photo to back it up and like, whatever.


And Like, I feel like you And I have had a lot of conversations, I don't know if we've ever talked about this, but you are much bigger than I when it comes to feeling like you are leaving the stage with dignity, which is a good thing. Yeah. You know what I mean? And there, there was one story you were specifically telling. And it's so funny because if you asked me my favorite story in the history of onstage on the Cancelled podcast, like live tour, it would be this specific story you were telling. Can we say about who? No. Okay. About Nepo Baby. Yeah. And, But I was saying his first and last name and it just made me feel like so gross. Like it wasn't even like a horrible story. Like the story was like about something bad that he did and Like, I shouldn't have felt bad about it, but for some reason I felt like sick to my stomach every single time I came off stage.


And I was Like, I can't like live this way. Even If you're telling a complete, just like utter truth about a different time of life where like you did something disgusting, you'll still walk off and be Like, I can't believe I had to say that on stage. And I normally never feel that way. Like I'm just very down to expose the shit outta myself, even if it's like me too myself. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I feel like even if you're telling a story, like a story about yourself, but it's like some crazy escapade you were on or whatever, you're still like, oh my God, I hate walking off with like no dignity. You know what I mean? And I don't Like, I, on the last tour, I'm talking about removing shit out of my ass with a Jeffrey Star makeup brush, like a cake pop, you know? And it's like, I'm like, well, whatever he, he but the story that I'm telling on this tour, like I'm so fucking ashamed of, Is it the one I'm thinking of?


Yes, of course it is. It's, it's hell week. That's tough. And I am like just, I'm, I'm already like really dreading it and I'm like, oh my God. Like I can't believe I'm exposing myself to, I need to write it so I just feel better and like see if there's a way I could write it to make it really No, it was a different time. I know. But like the fact that I ever did it truly, like I'll be, I'll be a hundred and be like, why the fuck did I ever do this, this thing during this week? Why did I ever oof act it, act this way? And I'm hoping I'm gonna be able to get it written in a way that really emphasizes how far I've come as a person. But even just societally, it is so not okay for women societally unfortunately, to act the way I did.


Like it's, oh, I mean, I'm not shaming you, but if I was gonna shame you, I would shame you about this particular thing. Yeah. And hopefully again, I can spearhead it in a way that like, men have done this in a thousand times way, like, you know, And I can spearhead a movement for women's empowerment, but good god. Like sometimes I think it's okay to call yourself a fucking disgusting whore. Yeah. And You nasty little slut. Go shave your bush. Matter of fact too, You don't have to shave your But bushes are bushes. I know, but I, I was doing shit bushed up that was just, you know, I don't know. They, I don't know if the Whole town saw the bush. Yeah. No. And I am, I'm not offended by what you said.


I'm offended by my own actions. Someone said is goodbye sex worth It? No, no. Don't do it. If you're thinking of doing it, don't do it. And don't go back for any, any after goodbye sex ever. I, I, I don't know though. Like, there're For what? For what? But okay. No, it's, it's not for anything with your relationship with the person. But sometimes it's the best ever because it's out of a movie. Like your Nicholas Sparks shit. Oh, 'cause you hate each other. Yeah. Or like, you know what I mean? Like, you know, it's the last time so you're like shedding a tear and like, it's like poetic and like, Don't do it.


No, it's not worth it. And it's, I'm saying that in the moment it can be this poetic, passionate thing and that's why I'm romanticizing it. But then how you feel after is just, yeah. Like maybe if they're going to like war or something, but like if you're just breaking up like no goodbye, sex is not worth it Because, And I also do feel like a lot of girls find themselves in situations where you date someone and it's the best sex ever, but you can't be together. So then like you wanna have it more as goodbye sex or whatever because you feel like you're never gonna find it again. And I cannot stress enough that you will find the best sex ever with someone else who treats you. Right. Yeah. And that is, that is true. Someone said, how do I go after my goals like y'all did with everything against me?


Hmm. That's kind of like a moving question that is delusional belief in yourself. That's What I was gonna, I was gonna say like, had I not been like just absolutely delusional, I probably wouldn't have wanted to. I, to be honest, I mean such a stupid thing to say, but Like, I had like literally one movie that made, made me so delusional. I was like, oh my God, the Greatest Showman. The Greatest Showman. I saw that movie And I, it Like, I just loved it so much that I was like, oh my God, like my life cannot be small. Like that's just not what I want. Mm. I wanna give The circus. And I think that a lot of times in life when you are being so beat up by your surroundings, it's so easy to think that like, I'm never going to make it out of this because my surroundings are so bad.


But I always tried to use my surroundings as such a motivating factor in the regard of Like, I have to make it out of this. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I, because I would rather fucking die trying than die here. Yeah. I think that's true for a lot of people too. Like that's why most, some of the most successful people in the world have like very like, like a lot of adversity in their background just because it's like, it literally drove them out. So let it drive you out. Yeah. And I think revenge and spite are a very, they're murky waters, you know, where it's like if you're doing everything outta revenge and spite it's not a good thing. But at the same time I definitely do remember, you know, being in my, like even just my house and like my parents really telling me like, you're never going to make it doing this.


Or like losing friends because of it or just like whatever. Just even coworkers being like, bitch pick up that extra shift. Like you're never, you're never gonna make it. Like, And I used that so much like you motherfuckers will see, you know what I mean? I think that's important. I just kind of think I'm gonna have a gay son anyway. I hope so. With everything in me. Are you kidding me? But as I'm really thinking that I'm gonna name my kitty kaka. It's such a straight name Really, you know, I guess I would, I've just never met Eka so I don't really have anything to like, Just when you think Ika boy Eka means strong. Oh, okay. So it's kind of like, well gay people can be strong. I don't know what I just Tried to remember. I don't know. I just, when I think about me and Mako having like a little boy named Ika, Like I feel like he's like gonna like play football and shit.


So then I'm rethinking that I have to name the son Vegas instead just to ensure that he has a little more glitz and glamor from the jump. I've Been thinking a lot about the fact that like your kids are literally probably like the single most important thing in your life. And Like I think it's crazy that right now we don't even know them. Like they literally don't exist. Like at there's gonna be a point where like that's the most important thing in the world to us. And like that's the majority of our lives. Like, and we just don't, they're not even born yet. We don't even know them. You don't think about that? I've never thought about it like that. I Like I have always thought. Yeah. Like just that we don't even know them yet. And they will one day I think about it even like even last name that you have right now, like that's gonna be like a last name that you have way less of your life than the last name you marry into.


Oh my God. That's gonna be your big body last name. That is so fun. I like can, I've been like really wrestling with that thought just a lot lately. Am I going to change my last name? And people don't even know KO's last name so they don't even know what You, you have, you definitely would have to like hyphenate your name just because, Because like but Hyphening all of that together is like, Yeah but like, or even if you just, you could change your name but like your name is gonna be Tana Mongeau always like it's so important to you. Like Mm. So Trisha pedi Hackman. Yeah, I guess that, but that sounds good to me. I don't know. I don't think mine and KO's last name sound you can bleep it but like Tana Mongeau. I don't think that sounds bad at all. Really. I guess it is like Pdis Hackman, I guess his last name is also iconic.


Yeah. Like it is like a good last name. What if your kids are like, like have the biggest lives ever? Like what if you like you had this whole life and then you give birth to like Phineas and Billy or something and then your whole life is just so different than you ever imagine imagined it. Like Damn. I've like also never thought about that. Like I wonder if my kid will want to work in this industry. Yeah. Or your kid could be like the biggest like football player ever. And then your whole life is about football and like you have no interest right now in football. That is so fucking wild. It's crazy. Like how much we don't know about our own lives and Like what if it is something that you just so can't wrap your head around. Like I'm imagining it's like what if Your kid plays like cello and you spend the rest of your life going to like classical music concerts and like that's not one of your interests right now.


Yeah. How inter, oh my God, I've never thought about that too. Like as a parent, like you might have to like really fake an interest but I guess eventually you just get into Like, I know That's why you have to like really condition your kids to do exactly what you would've wanted to do in you. Oh my God. And that's exactly what our parents tried to do with us. That's the thing is it's like so interesting 'cause now I'm sitting here and thinking like one day I'd have a kid And I would so want to be seeding things into them that Like I would want, but then it's like, oh my God, I was raised by narcissists And I, I am just, I don't even want an inkling of that. Yeah, me neither. But I also like, there's certain things like I'm, I really am so serious about not wanting my kid to play football. Like I really would not want my kid like anywhere near like a, a really like A CT Moment.


Content. Yeah. Contact sport or like a boxer. I always talk about that. But Like I know I want my kid to be a dancer or a soccer player or a baseball player. Preferably not baseball 'cause like how boring but like Oh my God. But there's gotta be fun in all of it. Like the baseball moms have gotta be fucking insane. Bebe's baseball player texted her that he saw the podcast. My Only You were, you said it, your takeaway Is that the Dodgers watched the Cancelled podcast, Which is just me in this shirt today. I am like, hell yeah. No, another one of the Dodger girlfriends like sent it to him. But like in my head I'm like, how did he know it was about him? So I'm like, did she send it in a group chat of Dodgers and say like who is gonna claim this girl?


Yes. Or I don't know. I'm running through all the options Really. That makes me feel better. Like even just the context. 'cause it's so funny whenever I hear something like that, I immediately presume that the man came across it himself and then I'm like, he's gay. No. And then it's like, no duh. Like the, the girlfriends are always the one sending it. 'cause every time that happens, every time. Like even if Paige, like when she was dating that guy and then he like saw it, I'm like okay, yeah he watches but it's like no there is a million other ways. If you ran into your old self in the club bathroom, what would you tell her? Oh my God. I would say literally actually just like force her to drink water and like, I'm not even kidding. Wherever. Just drink. I'm Trying to think of what my major problem was back then. I think I'd say like whatever you do, like go wherever you need to go.


Like find Tana Mongeau now. But definitely would really just be like heavy on less bumps. Yeah. Drink water. She would definitely have on emo boots And I would be like, this Bitch is boring. I know, it's so true. It's so true. She would definitely have on emo boots And I would tell her that not only will the boots eventually not become the biggest part of her life, but everything that they encapsulate will not become the like you know the lifestyle that these Boots. Yeah like the boyfriends, the boot boyfriends are going with the boot. Yes, Yes. And the boot lifestyle are going with the emo boots. Like truly just, this will not be all of it.


You are gonna go to your last emo night and probably not know it's your last emo night. Oh my God. At one point I went to, no I would go to emo night again. No. Yeah, I think so too. I honestly would. I would also say please appreciate your boobs while you have them because they are about to go away and you're gonna have to buy new ones. Try kt tip sooner. You don't have to have your tracks out. You really fucking don't. Don't Be blonde. You're not a blonde. You're not a blonde and dissolve your filler. You look like shit. These promoters are not as fucking cool as you think they are at all. Yeah. Like that guy's going to jail soon. Yeah. So soon, so soon. Value the girls and gays around you that you're out at the club with so much more than whatever you're trying to see at the club.


You know what I mean? You're your best friends. Like they mean so much more. You don't have to go behind the DJ booth. If you wanna have fun in the middle of the club, you can like just, it's not as cool as you think it is. At one point you will not be speaking to Zach Bia as much as you think you are. You know what, my boyfriend called me the other day. Zach Labia. Yeah. That is so good. It's insane. Labia tacos. Nope. I'm just trying to go for Bia. It didn't work so close. God I could, I could like actually just keep going. I Like that question. That was a good one. You Know, it's fine. There was a point in my life where I genuinely was like, oh no, I should get another body.


Like you've, you've done enough, you've Exhausted that one is enough. And I don't wanna say that two is too many. Someone Said, which one of your exes have you talked to the most recently? And I'm actually, I'm going. I mean, you know, I'm friends with all of them. It's nothing like that. Chris sent me a video the other day. I have to put this video. It's funny 'cause we, you And I just talked about that Nobu hotel trip. Oh and this was a different trip I think at the Nobu Hotel. But look at this video of me that he sent me. Oh no. Okay. Like you're, we have to put it in the podcast because it's like, if this is not a message that if you are sober, curious to just fucking do it sooner And I still look beat now and again.


You know what I mean? Like I look, I look beat in like my own ways differently, but there is no type of looking beat like this. Like I, Like I hope I never look this fucking beat again in my entire life. Oh no. First of all we were doing something with the Botox then that we shouldn't have ever done. Just wanna star, Get the fuck up, get ready. That's not even you. You don't look like yourself in any Way. You know what's funny though is so much of it has nothing to do with the Botox or failure. It's like truly how swollen really I would be from drinking that much 100%. Like how funny is that? Like I hope I never look like that again.


And then it's funny, I was literally telling him that we were talking about the zinc story and we were just talking about all of the hell that we put you through third wheeling us fighting and we're both very sorry. Well Thank you. I appreciate that. What about you? I can't think of one ex that would ever speak to me like literally ever again in life. Ever. I can't think of like the one I talked to most recently was like the most recent one just because like that's the last I talked to him. But Like I never spoke to him again after he left that day. That's never even once. Like never one time. And that's actually like something amazing I did. We don't talk about that enough. I like really was like, okay, bye. See you later. And I never talked to him again. That was amazing. Which One? Oh, I like forget about, I swear to God I was thinking you were talking about Clinton.


No. Ew. That is really good that you just finally went fucking no contact with that man. I was just like, Bye wherever he is. I hope he's having a horrible day. He lives like next door to me. Never saw him again. Thank God. Someone said, can you talk about Xanax or something? Or bleach and tones? Sure. Oh, I guess we're telling that story on stage about the first time I ever gave you Xanax, but whatever. But like, do you ever think about the fact that like, bleep it but like you had to gimme a Xanax because I was crying over That is so actually crazy. Like Girl heaving like heaving. I had to medicate you. I had to like make sure that your stomach was gonna contract normally again. Like you were heaving And now I'm gonna marry like his friend.


Like seriously. Oh my God. I wish you could do anything in the world. Yeah. I wish I could go back and tell my, tell myself that. Tell Yet to tell like, like You're, you're, you're barking. You're literally gonna marry a tree. You're literally gonna marry his friend. That's so, that's iconic. That's hilarious. I love you. Love you. It's so funny how we are just dating the most chill guys possible ever. Like They're just so fucking chill. There's nothing we could say or do to phase them at all. No. Sometimes I try just if I'm like feeling funky or something or if I like wanna start a fight. Yeah. And it just doesn't fucking work. I Mean it just never sticks. It's, it is so cra that's one, that's one like tip of advice I wanna say to all the girls out there.


I feel Like I dated so many people who would be cool with how I am, but then try to like dull how loud I can be or you know, how big my personality can be. And like if you're a crazy girl out there, you will eventually find someone who is just obsessed with your fucking batshit personality. Agreed. Why is your mouth so big? Do you eat pickles sideways? Like I'm fucking ash trevino. Like so get off my Twitter. That's a really funny question though. Oh my God. Someone said, are you ever getting the United Airline storytime? And I've never told it. What's the United Airline? Storytime? I had a bad flight on United Airlines one time. I'll make it like quick, but I actually, I do, I forgot that I, I filmed it like several times and never uploaded it.


And it's just like people love a bad airline experience and that could be like a fun way to end this. And I would love to hear your take on if I were right or wrong or if this lady was a or whatever. Okay. It may be okay. I was flying to Hawaii And I had booked a flight And I wake up the morning of my flight. It's Cancelled Or remember when like no flights could take off like whatever that flight like shortage was or outage or like whatever. Like all like there was no flights in the air for like the first time ever and like whatever all flights getting somewhere that ended up making all of the flights like thousands of dollars and just like all full and like whatever. And we needed to get to Hawaii for someone in McKay's Life's birthday or something. Like we had to get there.


So we like ended up paying so much money for like middle seats on United Airlines just to get to Hawaii. And then we get to the airport and we get on the plane and we're stuck on the tarmac for like three and a half hours. Oh no. And it is scorching fucking hot. We are middle seats like 27 B and we're scorching and they will not, they tell us like if you wanna get off the plane, like you're not on the flight. Which is just crazy. Right. Like that is so diabolical. Right. Truly to say like either burn in 27 B, you cannot get off. And mind you also, I've just never understood that if the plane is gonna be stuck on the fucking tarmac for more than an hour, people should be able to get off.


Right? Yeah. And then eventually they offer us, but it's like they don't know if you're gonna leave or not. Right. Mind you also first class is fucking arctic. Yeah. And I'm just like, I'm livid about that as well. Like just all the reasons why I'm like, are you fucking kidding me? Then eventually they bring waters and Cheez-Its to the front of the tarmac for people to go get. But that obviously just like everything class-wise, front of the bus eating cheesy good drinking water. By the time it got to us there weren't any snacks. I'm fucking furious. They won't serve us drinks. This is at a time where I'm still drinking as well. So I I presume it was like a crack of dawn morning flight as well. So I was probably withdrawing from alcohol.


Yeah. So then I'm sitting there with like the shakes on the tarmac. Like I was banking on being able to get up in the air and take myself back to alcoholic level homeostasis. Finally after hours and hours and hours this flight takes off and I'm just, I'm, I'm sweating balls and I'm just livid that I'd been on the tarmac forever, whatever. And then they end up like not bringing the service throughout to the flight. And I'm just, again, alcoholic withdrawing. I'm watching 51st dates, I'm scream sobbing, just like, and obviously that movie's sad and I'm always scream sobbing. Yeah. But I think that a lot of the other factors like the withdrawing and play into it a little bit, whatever. Yeah. I'm just like, I'm a mess. And finally I walk up to Ashley who is sitting like a couple rows ahead of me and she gives me a gray goose shooter that she had in her purse.


Okay. And I go back to my seat and we'd already had this flight attendant who had just like, bet she was just like a bitch. I don't know. I like, anytime I would ask her anything like, Hey, is there any water left? Is there anything? She had just like been a, and it was just like this whole thing where I was just already pissed off at this flight attendant for being such a fucking, and then I take the gr goose shooter and we're all just like sitting there, whatever. And then towards like, we're like three fourths of the way through the flight. She comes and she collects our trash And I hand her all of the things that are my trash and the gr goose shooter's like in a bag, whatever. She starts like going through the trash. She finds the gray goose shooter and she looks at me and she's like, United Airlines does not serve Gray Goose.


And I'm like, okay. And I don't have brown hair, right. Like why the fuck are you telling me this? Whatever. And she's like, it's illegal to drink your own alcohol on an airline. And I'm, she's like, we say that at the beginning and she's being so condescending about it. And she's like, we say that at the beginning of the flight and I'm like, I'm so sorry. I was fucking busy being in the fucking side. Desert hair of desert. Yeah. Did have, I was thirsty. Yeah. Did. I just did, couldn't fucking hear this. Whatever. And so then she's like, we're gonna have to call the front and they'll be waiting for you when we land. So now I'm sitting there and I'm having a fucking panic attack. The lady next to me is like 65. We made friends over 51st dates and they always go to Maui and whatever.


The lady next to me starts jumping in trying to like defend me. All of these things like just help me. And she's like, oh no, no, no. Like I've already called them. They're gonna be waiting for your land. Oh, what a Boner. And so we're flying over the fucking water and it's still hot as fuck on this planet. I'm just pissed. I can't text my lawyers. I can't call anyone 'cause there's no service. Like a lot of times when you fly to Hawaii, there's no fucking service. I would've Just been like, it was empty when I, when I got here, it was empty in my bag. I Don't, I remember, I don't even know what I was trying to say. Oh. I said like, we just came from Vegas. I had it. I didn't know I was trying to play stupid that I like didn't know And I really didn't like remember that rule, whatever. And so now I'm sitting there panicking And I, I'm like way towards the back. So she's sitting in the fucking back of the plane and she's watching me panic and I'm watching her watch me and she's sitting there kiking with her other flight attendants laughing at me.


Oh. Like she's laughing at me. Kick her off you fucking evil. Like how mean is that? Yeah. And just after all of this that happened, like just let me take the shooter. Right. Like, you know what I mean? Just Like I, If, if it weren't like such an extenuating circumstance, but like we've been through a lot, like give me a break And just like, dude, I didn't fucking know. And just Like, I literally, I'm thirsty. It was so hard on the plane. It's Crazy because like you say it and I'm like, oh that is like such a like well-known rule. But I also like would so 100% forget about it. Mm. I think because if it's like, it feels like if you're allowed to bring it on the plane, like obviously you can drink it like the same way if you buy something in the terminal, like you can eat it and drink it on the plane. Yeah. And it's just Like, I, oh my God, are you?


And I'm watching her laugh at me. So then I'm just like, you wanted to be a bitch. And like, just Like I wasn't like a Hanes wife beater, no bra. Like I, and she was looking me up and down before it And I was just like, such What you were wearing does not matter. I know. But I could tell that she thought I was like classless fucking white trash, which obviously doing my shooter on the plane and having my nipples out, like whatever. That was her takeaway. So then I get up And I go to the back of the plane And I decide like I'm gonna talk to her. Like I'm gonna be like, you know what, hey, like I'm really sorry. I just, I really didn't know. I, and I'm, I'm like pulling out all this stops and I'm like, I've never even gotten a parking ticket. Like oh my god, I'm not, meanwhile I just don't drive. It's probably Google Deal. Well no, there's no fucking Google in there And I can't talk to my fucking lawyers anyhow.


I'm freaking and I'm freaking out because I'm like, oh my god, I'm gonna land in Hawaii and get banned from United Airlines are arrested right now. Like because Yeah. And mind you, the amount of times in my life I've had a flight attendant bring me nine shooters from the bar. Like it is just crazy that all rules depend on if they wanna report you, if they like you, if whatever. And then I'm like begging and whatever. And she was like, she just looks at me. And I don't remember exactly what she said, but essentially her like entire thing was Like, I didn't call the people at the front. I just wanted you to stress a little bit. I wanna say so many things that I sh that I would end up having to Cut you evil fucking, I hope you croak. Yeah, I think that's what I was about to say.


Oh my god. And I get that it was like a rule broken, but especially just after all of the flights canceling, I'd been on hold with United probably for like 48 hours in total to even just get this middle seat flight that was then $2,000 because of the inflation to get to Hawaii because of all of the fucking flights That were Yeah. At that point you should have been able to fucking like literally do whatever you want. Literally get on all fours and crawl around the plane and bark. You know what I mean? And it's just like, and after the tarmac shit and just all of it, it's like you're, haven't you seen how bad this day is for all of the passengers? Like you fucking action. Yeah. I, I hate when people like literally like make it their goal. Like, I don't know, I feel that way about a lot of people who work in like, like certain jobs that are just like, not that enjoyable but I'm like, you know, I'm miserable to be here And I know you're miserable, miserable to be here, but like why are you making it more of a miserable experience?


And It's not like it was just a completely normal fight. Like that's truly one of the most miserable fights I've ever had. Like I'm sweating on that tarmac. Yeah, that's awful. For four hours. Like just scorching and then it's like, it's not Like I was like overly drunk or any, I was literally just trying to stop shaking like fuck diva and just like what a bitch like to like, No, you know, she's a, I don't know why someone usually I would always be on Like I, I would always assume that like maybe you had had some sort of behavior prior to that that made her feel like she needed to maybe The sobbing over 51st dates and whatever, but even just again in the climate of what that flight was Or like Well 'cause you have explained to me like what the vibes were before that. So I could see you like maybe not directed at her but perhaps complaining in a way that is Yeah, A little extreme.


Yeah. And I really wasn't like, so it was just like very wild. What hate comment sticks with you guys? All of them. Just kidding. I don't read them. I've never seen one. For me it's annoying when people Call me annoying. I don't think annoying And I am annoying. So it's just kind of like, That's why it hurts. Yeah. I think really like something doesn't really bother me if it's something that I'm not already self-conscious about but like if I'm self-conscious about it then it does bother me. Yeah, that's, that's what it is. Like the pick me stuff kind of bothers me because it's already something that I like have to actively think about. So I'm like God, like gimme a break And for every like 100 comments I will get about my rebrand being like great and loving sober TANA and whatever.


I will get that one comment of like, she is so fucking boring now and it will always break me down because for so long I like was so convinced that I had to be the party girl to be interesting and all the things you know, I Don't know, you just can't wait. I hate when like comments like con contradict one another. Like I'll get so many hate comments about how I won't shut the fuck up like and let you talk. But then if I like, it's just like always the opposite, you know what I mean? Or it'll be like she doesn't say anything. She literally like is so boring. She brings nothing to this podcast and you're like, okay well I just apparently Can't fucking win. Also one that gets me, And I know I say this, I like have kind of exhausted this but replace Brooke and or like get her outta here. She doesn't belong here. And I again to that I say you're literally at my house.


Like this is, this is like, we literally Like I live here. You know what I saw recently actually I saw someone say this podcast was so much more interesting before Brooke And I won to that. I say there, I've been on since the first episode. That is crazy. I was gonna say even after your scandal when I did one episode with Paige and just was letting you process and all the things, everyone was so livid. Everyone was telling get her the fuck off the podcast, burn her at the stake, whatever. But then it was like, no, like we need Brooke. Like absolutely the fuck not. And then Paige was crucified. Like, it is so funny about how much of this shit can just be like, Yeah I just guess I just don't understand A rat race.


But I've been way better lately. Especially like, this is old by far the longest I've ever gone without going on Reddit. And it is just so God boy do I feel free and amazing. We Actually haven't talked about Reddit in a long time because I do believe that talking about it continues to fuel the fire But steam, yeah, it gives it life. And it's sad because there are, let's talk about it. Let's make it Our final Reddit. Reddit was supposed to be, it like started out as like, like it's a forum. Like they wanted to talk about Cancelled, it was all people who loved Cancelled and like somewhere along the way it became not that. Yes, exactly. At one point it was so nice because it was 50% constructive criticism and 50% people who loved us and wanted to know where our shirts were from or where we got our hair done.


And that's why we started reading it and then it just slowly started turning and turning and turning and eventually it just like, and the people on there would be so mad when I would say Like, I have to get off of this and like whatever. I eventually just had to stop because I would open it up and it would be just like, Tana's face is so fucking ugly now that she, her filler has migrated to here, right? But then if we talk about plastic surgery, it would be like, why the fuck are they talking about plastic surgery? They're ruining the world. Or Tana's voice is so annoying. It's Like I can literally can't change that. Or just like wanting, trying to replace a cohost or whatever. But then like if something, exactly same thing like Yeah and the psychoanalyzing our relationship and our like how I blink and if I, you know, look down when you're talking, I must hate you and, And how much that just like, And then reading it and we're like, wait, do we hate each other?


Like Yeah like, Like you start to believe what you read. It's like the weirdest thing. No it it is. It is just like so crazy. I I just, the last time I was on And I opened it up and for like 10 posts they were all so many things like that where it was just nitpicking most recent tiktoks and nitpicking things and just, just so much And it's, it's crazy 'cause you'll always open those posts and then there will be the two people in those comments saying like, this is not what this threat is supposed to be. And like, do you just hate them? And Like, but they get down voted like that's how it works. Like if you say anything positive about us now it like, it literally it fucks up their account. I'm pretty sure. I think it's actually funny Like Let me, no please don't go on it. Can I just for the sake of this conversation Oh Yeah but don't tell me anything bad please.


No I won't. Like I truly don't wanna know. Sometimes like people in like even trying to be positive will tell me like, oh this was on there but like someone had a nice response and it's like no I just genuinely don't wanna know ever. Oh I guess actually there are a few nice ones. Really? Oh well then there's this, What is it Saying I look like this. That's actually hella funny. That is one thing that I do miss about it is that you'll find the ones that are just funny as fuck to talk about. Yeah, that is so fucking funny. It's kind of valid. The constant money grabs make me wonder about Tana's finances and it's like just saying like the pickles are a money grab and all that.


And it's so funny 'cause it no, My god forbid a girl wants a pickle, I love Pickles more than literally anything in the world and like, oh there's so much Taco Bell that just got here. But anyways, I guess to end the conversation, it's so funny because I had convinced myself for so long that these were just my fans that I were letting down and that I couldn't do anything right. And it did just have me hating myself all the time just trying to like show up as a completely different person every single week and you know what I mean? Like show up as whatever I thought that they wanted me to be and then it would just be something else every time. And eventually I just realized I couldn't win. And now being clean of it, it's like I've realized that to me the people that are the fans are like the first like when Cancelled this posted the first like thousand people comment Like, I just needed this.


I was having the roughest week and you girls are my safe space and you're whatever. I'm Like, I know that the redditers are gonna argue like longtime TANA fan here. That's always how they start. And then they say like, no, I am a fan but then I hate this, this, this, this, this, this and this now. And it's like, well then if I can't make you happy, I'm sorry. Like I, you know, I'm doing my best. I'm just a human. I'm living now and like, you know, Like I I'm I'm so sorry you you're allowed to move on. Yeah. Trust me. I see a lot of those too that are Like, I, I used to love you but you did this and the this in question will be like got a boob job and you're like, oh Yeah. And it's, I just, It didn't take much. So actually Like I think you might just not have liked me that much and that's okay. And I, I also like if you used to love me, I appreciate you so much for loving me through that time.


I definitely needed that And I really appreciate it. But if I no longer serve you, I am also okay with that. I feel Like I had so many people that I was like a super fan of and now I just kind of passively watch their stuff or don't really Right. But I'm imagining Like I used to love wearing Doc Martins and Like I loved that era And I can look back on it fondly, but I will not be wearing Doc Martens. Yeah. But I'm not gonna write out a whole dissertation on like, oh, you know, like I'm still a, that person's still a person And everyone else should hate Doc Martins and Doc Martens should crow and kill themselves. Sorry. It is so wild. And I'm sure there are good people on our Cancelled pod Reddit. No, there are so many but there that We love so much Out by like the seven people who like literally want literally nothing but for us to die.


Mm. No it's, it's more than seven. That's crazy. And it's Crazy. No, I know. It's a lot more Than seven because it's, it really did just become, It's a snark. Yeah. And it's, it's like, so it's so wild to me 'cause it's like to those people I'm Like, I hate to say it. And like those people are then I, here I am catering to them because I'm now going to say this and then they're going to make an entire post. Yeah, I do. About why I'm wrong and what I'm saying. But I do stand on the fact that I find it fucking crazy to spend your fucking free time writing out a whole thread about all the things you hate about a person wouldn't you rather, And going back and commenting and commenting and commenting and like, like how much of your day is committed to hate? Like it has to make you miserable. Like if you really hate something so much, like, so much time you're spending on it like kind of crazy.


Yeah. Like I'm just imagining them logging in to go to this thread to like continue to talk about like why you bluff is wrong and why they no longer stand because of it. And it's like, damn, wouldn't you just wanna spend that time doing something else? Anything else? Like I just, I don't know. And I, And I take that to everything. Like even just seeing people say that about Kayla Mallick, we were just talking about that, but Like, I don't like her but this like, I've just never understood how there's so many people out there who like feel happy writing mean things about people that they don't know. Like you can close your eyes, click out. I don't know, ICII think about it all the time and I'm curious like, is it the same feeling they get when they're like, we we like talk sh you know when you text your group chat and you're like, oh my God, like this post was crazy.


Like do you think that's the same feeling or No, I mean you've always said this, but love and hate hold hands so well right. Because they're both derived from passion. So it's gotta just be like, do I Say that sounds amazing but I don't think I've ever, like You've said like yeah you've said like loving and hating someone. Yeah like, like there's a fine line if you truly hate Some. Like I don't know That, I mean that is like, like even just like You do and that's fine. Like that Can even just be related to like bullying in school, you know? 'cause it's like the mean girl bully you spends all of her time bullying the girl who's minding her own business and just like wearing her fits and whatever. That girl hates her life and she's obsessed with that other girl.


You know, it's like, it, it's just kind of a wild thing to me. I don't know. But so If you're getting bullied right now by anyone or people are making you feel ostracized or they have a lot to say about you just know they're consumed with you and that is They love You. Yeah. And that's, that's wild within itself dude. Well you guys, we love you so much And I know that I'm just always saying this, but by the time that this episode comes out on the road, we will quite literally be taking a plane to another country to talk on a stage because people cared enough to spend their hard-earned money to come see us and hang out and have a big sleepover vibe in the same room as us. And the fact that I get to do this so much later and then we get to do this together and shit like just Thank you to the Cancelled listeners and even just this show, I think being all about how far we've come.


Yes, it's a lot of funnies but it also just is so crazy that it's been this insane journey that you all have been a part of and still want to be a part of. And I am like so excited and one of the next upcoming episodes even after this, we'll be filming out there and we'll be back up to date. But Thank you for still listening to and enjoying our banked episodes to support us and we love you so much and we will talk to you very soon. We love you.