
Hello And welcome back, back to the Cancelled Podcast. The Cancelled podcast. We're in Germany. We are using this lovely studio in Berlin, Germany, and it's so fancy in here. I really hate that. I'm like leading with foot right now as per usual. So Am I I always wear these little cholas. They're not cholas at all. They're literally flats, but I don't know why I call 'em that. And you also say Tony's for underwear. I Know, but like, but chunk was means like sand. These aren't a sandal, but every single time I watch this back and I'm like, oh, I just have this like long pointed foot, No, the 0.5 in the feet. You know how I feel already. But I bought these mi mu sneaker slides And I, the public was so enraged, the top comment was like, Tana, you are leading with rich goggles. And I was Like, I know.


Like they're just, I really do love them. I just wish they had a little back on them. I actively chose these. Well, they didn't have my size. They, they, you could try sead me and they didn't have my size in the ones with the back, but I also saw Halle, Kate, Halle, Kate Core unboxing these like a long time ago. And she was like, do I keep them? Like, I feel insane, yada yada. And all the comments were like, return them. And I was like, bitch, keep Like, I love Them. No, I wanted that colorway so bad. And had they had my size, I might've bought them. But the, my problem with anything like that is that I'm, I'm really a speedy walker and they just will go flying down the street. Oh Yeah. No, see I'm glacial pace, like turtle versus hair. I'm the turtle. You have to like really like grip your toes onto any shoe like that to keep it on, you know, even slipper big and you know, I'm a big Ugg, like ug slippers can't, if they don't have a little sling back, they're worthless to me.


No. And I step on the sling back, like actually like horrible behavior. But you know, you don't gripper. Like I love to grip something of my toe. I believe that just based on the color of that big to like, looks like it's been through something That was traumatic. I also have Mako on my socks, which I'm really living for. Somebody made me these at the Berlin show. Those are nice. Wait, but do you wanna talk about like what you've been through with shopping or No, what Do you mean with shopping? Just like what, like what you've done since we've, since We've been here. Well, I have a hall coming soon on my channel where I really unpack that. I will now be selling Extreme Hole probably soon. I'm sorry, that was just a joke. Lovely Berlin Studio. Well I discovered this mall in Paris.


Yeah. And I wanted to make a TikTok about it, but it just somehow got lost in translation. Yeah, that's that you put me onto and truly Like, I can't blame you, you know what I mean? Because at the end of the day you told me that you had a great experience somewhere and that I should go. That's a nice thing to do. Theoretically. It's called Galleries Lafayette in Paris. And it's like, I've never seen anything like it. I feel like when you're a little kid and you're like dreaming of going to the mall overnight or like you're a little girl and you're dreaming of going shopping, like this is Final Boss. I felt like a fucking video game character. It's beautiful architecture, 5,000 stores And I just, it Is, it's six stories. It's essentially like one giant department store with like all luxury, everything.


But it's literally six stories. Tall and Tana, when I tell you, I told her that first day she spent eight hours there that first day. Went back the next day, spent another six, went back the next day and spent another six. Like when I tell you she lost all of Paris to this mall. Thank God it's beautiful inside. It's so beautiful. The rooftop has a view of all of Paris. I'm talking about the rooftop. Like I wasn't in meme for fucking nine hours, but it was just, and I've been to Paris, I've done a lot in Paris and when I discovered this place, there was no going back. And then they get you with the tax return. Like knowing that everything I buy, I get 12% back on. I'm like, well let me just do it now. Like I was, you know, I was gonna say some crazy shit. You really did your big one, but I really love all your purchases.


I had such a shopping's my favorite thing in the world. Like I always say like to Mako, I'm like, you're surfing is my shopping. And I felt like, like Carrie Bradshaw would've had the best day of her life. But Carrie Bradshaw would not have No, she wouldn't have done that. I feel Like Miranda could maybe get behind the functionality of these. No, Miranda would never spend more. Yeah. More than $600 on a sneaker. She wouldn't spend $200 on a sneaker. You're she's practical and she's a genius. That's actually, she's a lawyer. She can afford it. That's actually kind of a genius way to approach shopping. Like if no character in Sex in the City would buy this, I shouldn't buy It. I know I do that with like a, just a lot of people that I like really like look up to. I'll be like, will she wear this? You know, won't Wear it. Halle, Kate Core. I love that bitch you are giving Charlotte today.


Oh, Thank you. So I mean, we've been on tour and it has been so crazy. Naming this tour. International Disaster was the biggest fucking sleigh. Okay. We Just knew, we knew beforehand and boy were we right. And It's, the shows have been going phenomenally. And I just wanna say the energy over here, it's so cool. Like every city, city, You lost me. I don't know, where are we? Germany? I don't know. It's so, it's so different. Like the, the vibe of the crowd and the social etiquettes and how the people are, it's so different in every place and it's such a privilege and so cool. Everything other than the shows has been going so disastrously wrong, which is just like so on brand.


But Really I feel like I've, it's been amazing. I feel like everything's been perfect. Oh no, no, no. Let's, except that heart attack you had And let's, we will get, we'll get to my heart attack, but we have to start with the plane. Oh, I just feel like that's set the tone so hard. It just set the tone so hard and it's just, I, it's such a classic case of what always happens to us. You And I can be on the same wavelength so hard and loving each other so much and then there will be some outside factor pitting us against each other to oblivion. And it's almost like we, we failed before we even started. You know what I mean? And this is always happening. Well, so what had happened Was We, well I got a call from Tana's assistant and she was like, Hey, we just sat down at PF Chang's And I was like, we're boarding right now.


We are boarding right now. We weren't boarding yet. No, No. We were, I was, I was, I was boarding, we were boarding. So I was like, probably not a smart idea to sit down at PF Chang's, but like, no baby, Whatever. But those lettuce cups nominating and, And we're sitting, we're sitting on the plane and they come up to me and my boyfriend and they're like, Hey, is the rest of your party almost here? Like, we're about to close the doors? And I'm like, what? Like what do you mean? And they're like freaking out. They're like, yeah, we're closing the doors right now. Like, I start like crying. It's this whole drama. And the pilots there, there's like these two really mean flight attendants who were just saying like, like what do you want us to do? Like, there's nothing we can do. The the gates close. Like, sorry, they have to like, and listen To me right now. That is all so valid. Right? If, if it were the time that the gates are supposed to close, there is nothing they can do.


Yeah. And people need to be on the flight. Okay. But here I am walking through LAX, mind you, I'm not running, I have no sense of urgency because my printed paper boarding pass with text on it. Mind you these, it's the same on the screens as well. Like I'm following up with the screens. I don't wanna miss this flight. Imagine I missed our first flight to Oslo, Norway. I would be 70 with tennis ball on my walker and you would be cooking me for it. Never let you leave it down. Like I would never, ever, ever, ever, ever. I don't, I don't wanna go through that. Right. I'm at LAX so early And I'm looking at my boarding pass and it says, I forget the time, but like four 30. Okay. Yeah. And so I'm like walking, you know, look, taking in the sights, I'm not running PF Changs.


I stop and get a water. You know what I mean? I decide to opt out of PF Chang's to be conscious of time. Okay. I instead go to KFC to get a famous bowl. Okay, love that bowl. I love corn and get my pole. And it's, you know, it says four 30 boarding closes and I'm on my way to boarding and it's like four 10 and I'm walking on over there and then I get a call from Brooke and she's like, they're closing in five minutes. And I'm far as shit like LAX Tom Bradley is huge. Yeah. They Told us too like, Hey, just so you know, it's gonna be a 20 minute walk to your gate. Like get Ahead. No one told us that obviously. Oh. And so then obviously I'm crying, Paige is crying.


Everyone's crying because we're like, oh my God, we're gonna, and it's mind you, it's four 15. I'm like, what do you mean they close at four 30? Like it closes at four 30. I don't understand. And we're all running KO's walking too. And I'm like getting pissed as fuck that he's walking because I'm like, do you not sense the urgency? Do you not see the shirt? Right. We get to the gate and I'm not kidding you, I haven't ran like that. I've never ran like that. Actually I've never ran that. So you couldn't have ran like that in those shoes at All. There would've been one, thank God I wasn't there In my backless sneaker, I'm fucking you saying bolt in this airport. I get to the gate and it's Like, I just, I look it, you know what I mean? Like I am wheezing And I'm sweating and I'm crying. I'm all the things and the flight attendant or like the person at the gate, the person who scans your, is just cackling at me.


Like actually fucking laughing at me. And I, you just know in that moment too, it's like, fuck you. You know? Yeah. Like hello. Because it's like why the fuck are you laughing at me? This isn't funny. Like this isn't funny at all. And mind you, they've like spun you like a little fucking chihuahua on the plane. Like, and someone's always doing this though, getting you riled up. So by The time, I know I wasn't mad, but it was like you Getting, it Was this one specific flight attendant And I was like being rude back to her. 'cause the way that she was talking like was so crazy. I'm like, first of all, like, what? I'm not a parent. Like what am I supposed to do about people that aren't on the flight? And she was being so crazy Like, I don't know what to tell you. It's closed. It says very clear as day, blah, blah, blah. But swear to God, Tana shows me her boarding pass And I was ready to think she was late.


You know, I was ready and Imagine I was just like a negligent asshole who missed my flight for a KFC famous bull. Like I'm pissed that this is even, it's one thing if it's a flight to fucking Vegas, okay, I'm not missing a flight to Oslo, Norway for some good ass corn. I Know. But it was just, it was pretty crazy after all of this. You were in the right, like it was definitely like, it was an actual like misunderstanding it. The pilot on her boarding pass. Yeah. The PI pilot came to me and he was Like, I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. Like it was a whole mistake, whatever. But when I had just gone through that, I'm sweating tears still running down my face And I see this bitch pull a famous bowl out of her bag. No, it's, I mean, I completely understand. Had I, you know what I mean, been getting a famous bowl in the final minutes, but it's like even, and the pilot was just Like, I'm so sorry.


Like this never happens. Boarding was closed way too early. Like we sent out a message, we shouldn't have all this shit. I think you were just the only ones who weren't on the plane yet. So they were like, Ugh, let's get, which is crazy, get this show on the road. You know? Has anybody ever Heard of four 20, like 10 minutes before? I'm just, and I'm not a, I'm not an early boarder, you know, I hate to hurry up and wait. Like I am the person who kind of boards closer to the end. Like, I just don't like to like sit on the plane and twiddle, you know? And it's just like, and when I say riled you up, I don't mean angry. I almost mean like frantic, like stress just stressing you out. Well Yeah God, I was Like, I was sitting there all peaceful. I'd already turned my TV on, I put my little eye masks on and all the sudden this is yelling at me. And It's just so unfair.


Like once again doomed from the jump. Like who put our reservations together? Why is this on you? Yeah, no, of course. It's like an external mistake. And then it's like, you are gonna be mad at me 'cause you're like, Tana, how could you be so negligent? But it's Like, I wasn't, yeah, You're right. You were definitely like right in this scenario. But it wasn't like the craziest thing for me to think like, oh, she's gonna be late to an fuzzy. Of course not. But I, you know why I think it infuriates me so much is because every second of every, and I'm still failing. I'm not sitting here acting like I'm fucking perfect. But there was definitely a point in my life where I wasn't, is cognizant the right word? I don't know. I never know conscious. Well one thing about me, I never know the right word. Where I wasn't conscious of these things And I was just running on my A DHD 10 time And I didn't care.


And now I care so much Like I want so badly to make it better for everyone around me. And again, I'm not, I'm, I know I'm not perfect. No, I know What you're saying though. You're working, you are trying a lot harder and you're way more like conscious of it now. So it's frustrating to be like When external factors then put me back in the place that I once was, Like I really am just, and it is just a shitty feeling. Even if I am still fucking up to be like actively trying so hard and then just still, still failing. It's like, god dammit dude. Yeah. I am so excited to see the Cancelled podcast live in Australia, which is why I wanna give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shoutout with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more.


So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to Kendrick Lamar and CSA the Weekend, Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending a live show. I'm seeing the fray and landed Barker later this fall. And I'm so excited. I got my tickets on SeatGeek. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10, so you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good and red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know, I came through for you guys, you can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025.


Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast. Did you see that clip is going viral right now of of you on your MTV show? Natalie trying to wake me. Yeah dude, she's, it's, it's so funny 'cause Natalie, we know Natalie and we love her and she like posted it on her story the other Day. I know, I thought that was so funny. And she Was like, this was just the best time of our life. Like first Digital show That MTV ever did, like has the most positive outlook on it. And I'm like, Natalie, you deserve workers' compensation. Like It was a rough time. Honestly, Dude, I mean I always say I wanna make a YouTube video fully reacting to the entire MTV show 'cause I don't remember it, but like having it go viral once again is just, it deserves all of the virality in the world because who, that girl was such a fucking mess.


Problem, child, drug addict, depressed, like all of the things. And obviously that makes for like good reality television, but it is the bane of my existence. And the fact that it is just so documented and edited obviously as well. You know, like everything is just kind of edited fluff to be fluff, fluff to be even worse than it already was. And oh my god, we, we could, we should react to it at some point, but I just, oh my God, it's once every like year and a half, those clips start going viral and I'm pressing not interested. Like my life depends on it, you know? Yeah. Like Now I feel like a reality show would be so fun because like there's dramas but they're sillier and whatnot and I'm just mentally healthier. That was a crazy Time.


I would love to do a reality show. You know, my obsession with reality television, you saw Jo Josie was on Big Brother. Okay. I think we've talked about it a little bit, but there's some more advance. Well because It started off with her very much in the right and Mickey Rourke was being crazy to her, right. And saying, I'm I'm gonna turn you straight. And everyone was like, what? Who the fuck says that? Whatever. Yeah. But now He did end up getting kicked outta the house. I think I, I haven't been watching it, but obviously I've been following all the drama and the new drama is that there like she was like cheating on her partner in the house who she's cheating with is a man. And she's obviously like come out as a lesbian. Like everyone knows Jojo Siwa as a lesbian. But then she took it back and said, I'm queer now. But yeah, so Then randomly in the house, she was like, by the way, like she didn't take it back, but she just said Like, I don't identify as a lesbian.


Like I just identify as queer. But She's like really like crossing the line in my opinion. And I think everyone else's opinion with this guy for, it's like for somebody who has a partner, like if, I'm sorry if my boyfriend's in there like snuggled up with some girl. Oh, snuggling. Oh They're snuggling, they're like kissing, like not like what? They're not like making out but like kissing each other on the head and like holding hands and everywhere they sleep in the same bed every night. Like it's definitely like very inappropriate but Sleep in the same bed, I guess it's inappropriate, crazy. It's Fine. Like if you, if you think like, oh well she's a lesbian and like obviously she's not interested but then randomly she was like, no, actually I'm queer.


So everyone's like, so do you like him or not? Yeah. Like the timing of it all. Yeah. But also if I was just her partner, I would be, yeah. So Lighting, I would be committing arson on the big brother house. Yeah. It was a whole thing. And so then she got out of the house and they met like her partner like flew to see her and like went to the after party, the big brother after party with her and stuff. And then Jojo broke up, like they broke up at the after party and it was like this huge drama and Like, I don't know, it's just like Jojo, have you learned nothing? It's crazy that at the time where she had her face on blenders and bows and stuff like that felt like the ceiling of like, and now it's almost like looking back at that time like it was so simple.


Like, what do you mean that's like just diabolical. I know. And then she like, she shaded her partner for like asking for a business class flight home. But I'm so sorry if you cheat on me, you better fucking fly me home private. If you cheated on me live on Big Brother, I want the Emirates pod home A hundred percent. Like I don't think that was like a crazy ask at all. Especially when Jojo's like worth hundreds of millions of dollars. You just like put me through hell and publicly embarrassed me to the highest extent and now you wanna send me economy back home, fuck you. And if you're gonna like narcissistically abuse me, at least let me reap the benefits. Right? Yeah. Like, I don't know, Ponytail's too tight. Oh, that's brutal. That's who's the partner? I don't know. Damn, that's just, that's just so crazy.


That is especially like truly like think about how much more people could probably get away with on so many other shows, like Big Brothers, like live cameras 24 7. Like what the fuck is wrong With you? Yeah, that's the, that's the thing. And 90% of it wasn't actually on the show, but rather on the Big Brother. Like you know how you can always watch the live stream? Oh my God. At oh God can imagine being at home having so much anxiety like tuning into the cameras can watch. Yeah. And that, imagine that like imagine like Mako is on a show like that and you can tap in at any time to see where he is. You could see him in the bathroom, in the shower, anywhere. He Goes, oh my God. And he's My dream with Bitch. My, well that's not my dream. That's not my dream. I had dream last night that he was cheating on me with a bitch named Gabby. Okay, who the hell is Gabby? And I came And I asked you and then you were like, yes, he's cheating on you. And so I hired a private investigator in my dream and then I had the private investigator take all these photos of Mcco, what were we gonna, we cheating?


And then I gave him a booklet of all the photos of him cheating on his birthday in front of all of his friends. And honestly that is probably what I would do. But I don't think he would do that. Well I know that he wouldn't do that. Yeah. But I think about it sometimes and I'm Like, I can't believe there was ever a time where we were in relationships where we were like, oh, this person could cheat on me. 'cause Like I would never put myself myself through that ever again. But It's almost scarier I think. I think it's weirdly being with someone that you know could cheat on you is kind of weirdly you're doing it psychologically to be in more control because you're like, well I'm aware of this so I know And I know the capacity of how much I can get hurt. Whereas when you're dating someone that you like absolutely like know and don't think would, it's almost scarier because then you're falling fully.


And then if they were to do anything, it's like the pain is so much worse. Yeah, I Agree with that. I guess if like something were to happen in my relationship, in my relationship now, I would lose it. 'cause I would just be so unprepared for it. Every other relationship I've been in, I I, no, I'm my ducks in a row. Well I'm just Like, I hate this person. Yeah. Like realistically, Like I hate this person and like love him, but I hate him. And just Like I have like plan A, B, C, and D for when things go awry. Like I don't have that with Mako. Or sometimes when things don't go awry. Yeah. 100%. That is wild. Oh, I was gonna say, didn't we almost hire a private investigator one time? I was gonna ask you, what were we doing that for? Wait, why do I think it was for, And I could be making this up, but when I just look back at the like Rolodex of I guess all the reasons we could hire a private investigator, my mind goes to the person who was secretly recording us.


My mind goes to my boyfriend who killed his family. Yeah, It's a toss up. Really man. I think we were trying to find his mom. I think you told me you would pay for it. And I was like, perfect. That is why. But I think both have, I think we wanted a private investigator in both cases. What a cool job. I would love that. I'm just so nosy. Imagine I would be so shitty at it though. I can't find anything out. Me still would be like cackling and vaping. Like nothing is private about me. I'd just be an investigator. I'm not like that. You know how everyone's like, God, I give me, you know, an Adderall in five minutes And I can find his whole family. Like I really am not good at that. I could find things that I think that I know and I'm always wrong. I'm Kind of good at it. But I've retired fully. Like I I did enough of that in the early years of my dating history.


I get that. We also didn't talk about how we almost fought a 70-year-old man on the plane. Oh, okay. So I'm sorry. Like this Whole huge drama happens on the plane where like it's, it's this huge, like obviously like hubbub, everybody's talking like, we're all like, oh my God, I can't believe this happened. This is such a misunderstanding. We're looking at the boarding pass and, and we're having like a little bit of commotion about it, but it's a, a quiet commotion because I am someone who is very aware of my surroundings. That's The thing is if I were telling this story, you would have to take it with a grain of salt. But Brooke Amber is, you are on public library mode at all Times. Well, I am, I'm hyper aware of like the people around me. I'm never gonna be like so obnoxious or loud because I'm like, you know, I'm cognizant of that. And like we're talking, she And I are just talking about this, by the way, our seats are next to each other.


So we're literally just just talking to each other and this guy turns up or, or stands up, turns around and literally goes, can you guys shut the fuck up? Literally he's like this old man and he's like, you need to be aware of who's around you. Like quiet down. And in my head, like normally I would be like, oh my god, yes sir, of course. I'm so sorry. But we have not so much as close the door of the plane yet we are on the tarmac. We have not left. Like, what If I was on the phone with my baby? Right? Or like lights are on, like everybody's still moving around like shuffling, putting their bags away. I literally looked at this man, I go, sir, we are respectfully on the tarmac. I'm gonna talk as loud as I fucking want. And also truly, Like, I think if I were telling this story, like nobody would believe me and honestly rightfully so. Digital footprint, there's a million reasons why not to believe me.


But you are so like, just aware of that and good. And therefore, by association, when I'm with you, I I meet your level. You know, and we really were just chatting And I hate, I hate when I'm like, I'm, I know I'm doing the right thing and someone accuses me of doing the wrong thing thing or like something, you know, like, well And just we're on the tarmac. Like, we literally all just went through like, hell, like, like three people were just crying, you know what I mean? And it's like, Hey, that was crazy. Let's discuss it. And again, yeah, we're next to each other. So we're very much just talking to each other on some next to each other shit. And this old ass decrepit man turns around and and shut the fuck up is also crazy in his little British. I don't, I mean he probably didn't say shut the fuck up, but that's what we heard.


I am like, no. He said, shut the fuck up. He said no. He said like, Like maybe shut the hell Up. Like he was really rude. It was very like, be quiet. There's people around you like shut, like shut up essentially. And so shut The fuck up is what he said with his words. He also was just British. And I'm Like, I just know that that Shut the fuck Up or something. I always just wonder. You, you know how I feel. I'm like, shut the fuck up. I'm wondering if we were British, if you would've told us to shut up. And maybe I'm completely wrong for that. Whatever. It's also just so interesting that if Like I was on a flight to Tampa, Florida and like a southern man turned around and said that to me, I would've fucking fought him on the tarmac really bad baby Alabama Barker style. I would've fucking fought that man on the tarmac if he was like a southern man.


And we were flying within the states. But I am just so aware that that us being two American girls on this, that we're not winning this battle. You know what I mean? We're just so not winning this battle. So we eat it, we shut up, right? And then we are all in the air probably for about like eight hours, right? And I'm just now finally going to sleep. Okay. I've been playing good sorting match three for six hours, obsessed. Seriously, if you wanna sponsor me, it's, I'm obsessed. And finally I'm like, okay, I'm gonna go to bed. And the plane is dark and mostly everybody in the first class cabin is asleep. Okay? And so I lay down and I'm about to go to sleep And I'm literally dozing off and he stands up and he turns around and he's like, can you stop kicking the back of my seat?


And he is like yelling. And mind you, okay, the feet go in the pod, right? The feet go straight in the pod. Yeah, there's, There's like a hole for your feet Next, next to the hole for the feet that my feet are very much in their fucking hole. Okay, there's like a wall, right? And he's accusing me of kicking this wall. And I'm like, what, what kind of banshee behavior? Even even Tina in her most blacked out day, my feet are in the pod, I'm not kicking this wall. Okay. And he's yelling and he's getting in my face. So then Koa stands up and Koa starts like it is in between us because this man is reaching over his pod, yelling in my face, accusing me of kicking this wall. And I'm like, what do you mean?


And so Mica's Like, I don't think she was doing that. Like, I'm so sorry that you feel this way essentially is what Mcco. But it very much, and Mcco was super quiet too. So Mcco was like, I'm so sorry. Like don't worry. Like we're all just going to sleep. Like it's all right. Like I, I think this has to be a misunderstanding. 'cause MA's also seeing me Like, I'm not kicking this wall. I would've been. Then he goes over the seat, okay? And again, this wall is a part of my pod, alright? And he starts, he's yelling now in Mica's face. And he's like, it's essentially he's saying like, get your girl to fucking stop. Like get your woman to stop. Like, which is just like crazy. He Is your handler or Something. And he starts banging on my side, my pod as he's yelling and I'm like scared at this point.


'cause it's like everyone around is asleep. No flight attendants here. Obviously Mcco was not gonna let anything happen to me, but I'm just like, this man is like hitting my shit and like yelling at mcco, yelling at me. If Mcco wasn't here, he would be yelling in my face. So I'm just like, I'm scared, right? He stops yelling and I'm, I'm not really apologizing either because I'm Like, I wasn't doing that. And I know for a fact I wasn't doing that. I was about to doze off into rem like, I'm sorry that you have something Alzheimer. I don't know. Yeah, I was gonna say Parkinson's. It's like, you don't need to say that, but like, and he was old, but you're just, I don't know if you had a night terror, like you're, you're assuming that I'm doing this And I didn't fucking do it. So then he lays down, Koa ends up laying down and now I'm laying there and my heart's beating outta my chest.


Like I'm scared and I'm also scared that I'm gonna like go back to sleep and this is gonna happen again. And I'm scared of this man And I just can't sleep for like an hour. So I get up and there are two female flight attendants And I, and this, think about this, Like, I really debate on this for like 20 minutes. I'm like, do I even say anything? Like, you know what? But I'm scared. That's my, my final takeaway is like, I'm scared of this man. And I go to the female flight attendants And I'm like, Hey, this man was just yelling in my face, like yada yada. Like I'm just, I'm a little scared, Like I'm scared to go back to bed. And they're like, why? Like very much, well what were you wearing? Oh. And they're like, well why was he yelling? And I'm like, he thinks that I was kicking this thing and then I can just tell that after tarmac gate, which was not our fault.


Like they just don't believe me. Yeah. We've already caused too much hubbub on the plane. Essentially the flight attendant just hits me with a like, well you should be more careful. And I'm Like, you Should be more careful. God smile. And that tells you everything you need to know about this entire interaction. No, I'll probably keep that in that Perfect. Because you like microphone. Thank you. That was too good. A very big part of me felt like if I were flying in America, that that all would've, I, first of all, I would've fought that man, I'm not kidding. Like these hands would know no gender and Like I don't, it was just crazy.


It was just so wild that these two women had like zero empathy for me and just like zero. I was like, damn. Like, you know, I, I know we're cut from different cloths. You guys are very posh, very poised. But like this man was just screaming in my face and it was just, I don't know. And then we landed. So that was kind of the start to the whole thing. Yeah it ki it really set the tone. But we landed in Oslo. Oslo Is in Norway. In Norway. No, it was so fabulous. It was so fabulous. And I'm like starting this tour in very high spirits. Like I'm just, I feel fucking amazing. I'm so excited this show, even just as we're doing it, like I'm not getting tired of it at all.


Like it is, I love this show. It is so fucking me too funny. I'm exposing myself to a point that I will look back one day and probably regret it. But it, it's really fun. Just it, you know, exposing all of my awful escapades and Paige is killing it. Like you're killing it. Like I, it's my favorite show and so we're rehearsing it and you know, we're, so I show up to the venue. Just my goal across this tour has to has been to be early to everything out of spite. Truly. Like I am. Like I will be so on time to everything that no one can say shit. Okay. And so we get to the venue, the show starts at what seven? Yes. Like How well Meet and greet he is usually at five 30. And we, but this day was like a different situation 'cause we hadn't done the show yet, so we had to do like a dress rehears rehears result.


So we had to be there at literally like 2:30 PM this day. Andana was downstairs at 2 25, early as ever. It was amazing Skipping. Okay. Vibes are so high. And we get to the stage and we start rehearsing and I'm, I'm like in tears laughing at the stories as well. Like I'm cackling, we're having the best time and all of a sudden I'm laughing so hard on my own fucking story honestly. God had to like humble the shit outta me And I feel a pop. Like you know when you crack your back like a pop like that in my heart. Okay, like right here pop. And I'm like, oh my God, what? Ow. Okay. And at first I'm like, okay, whatever. You know something was relocating the scoliosis and scoliosis thing and then all of a sudden I'm in level 10 pain in my heart.


Which is just Like, I feel like lots of other pain is like so much less scary, you know, because it's like, oh my wrist hurts level 10. Okay it's still my wrist. And it's like, it's very much like my beating heart hurts this much and I'm like, oh my God. And I'm trying to continue to rehearse and then eventually it gets so bad that I can't like breathe or talk and I'm like, hello what's happening to me? And it's just, it hurt more when I would breathe in and more when I would like breathe out. So I'm Like, I can't even breathe and I'm freaking the fuck out And I have to stop rehearsing And I go back to the green room and I'm just like trying to be zen and chill and like hope it'll go away and it's just getting worse and worse. And now I'm having a panic attack because I'm like, am I having a heart attack?


And Like I just Like, I can't feel my feet And I'm like, what's going on there? My arms are a little tingly, like all these things and I'm just like, what the fuck is going on? And then we get a medic to come in. But this man is just not a medic. I cannot stress that enough. Like he had to have been the bartender from downstairs at the bar. Like he didn't have a so much as a stethoscope. He's like asking KOA to take my pulse. He doesn't like know what's going on. He's like, yeah you may be having a heart attack or this may just be something with your lung. Like he doesn't know what's happening. And then we're trying to have other people help but no one really speaks English so then I'm freaking out too just 'cause I think that feeling like you're having a heart attack in a place that you've never been before Yeah. Is so much scarier.


And then I start getting in like, Like I can't talk so I'm like, oh my God, do we have to cancel our first show? And I've never Cancelled the show for reasons that had to do with me. Like even when I'm was diarrheaing water in Santa Barbara, Like I was running off the stage every 10 minutes like I'm not, but I couldn't talk. It's like oh my god. And just freaking out. I call my doctor, he tells me to go to the hospital. So then I go to a Norwegian hospital and that just was crazy. A lot of the girls in the Norwegian hospital though, the nurses watched the Cancelled podcast so they were being like really fun with me like through it. Also my entire hospital visit was $350. Yeah That's like Just, it was so clean. It was like so such a nice hospital honestly. I was like damn sly. And I get an EKG Mcco is so fed up because my priorities are so out of whack.


I like can't unscrew my Cartier bracelet to get the EKG properly. I'm worried it's taking my spray tan off. I'm asking the nurse when I can hit my vape if I get cleared. No, that's what I, you said that in the two you were going, it's a level 10 pain, it's a level 10 pain. And then she goes, can I hit my vape? I was like, No. And I, that is gonna bring me to my next topic, which is addiction. But I get the EKG and come to find out I pulled a muscle over my heart, which feels like you're having a heart attack, which is so fucking awesome. So I've just, I'm just now like getting better and then, but I don't, I'm not 100% convinced it's that. I think it might be some lung issues. 'cause I have just been like we had rv I Don think it would be your lung though if you're feeling it like appear because your lungs are like low key like way back there.


I know, but I was feeling it through my back and we had RSV before we left. Yeah, I still have it. Me too. And I'm just like, I've taken antibiotics, it's not going away. I don't, I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me. Like something and that has, is leading me to realizing how bad this is for me. Well yeah, I know dude. I know, I know. That's the thing is it's so sad and pathetic to be so addicted to something that like does nothing, at least in like the times of my life I was addicted to alcohol or benzos like they were for sure doing something, doing Something crazy. Like I'm smoking a mini banana flavored television and it's doing fucking nothing for me.


And it is Like I, and its doing something, it's just doing something very Bad and I'm sitting in the hospital genuinely like awaiting to get cleared with the only mindset of Like, I need to hit my vape. And like, that's so pathetic. And obviously this is a lung issue, which I've had a million of in my life. Like how pathetic that you can't stop doing this thing that is Like, well it's not pathetic, it's addiction That's just like the, the name of the game. But we gotta get something else in order. You gotta get addicted to something good. I know. And it's just, it's wild too because obviously kicking benzo addiction and kicking alcohol addiction at their peaks in my life were the hardest thing I've ever had to do.


And I can genuinely say this is, I can't even get to the withdrawal period. I can't even Like I fucking Do you think some element of that is like the fact that it doesn't feel like it's as bad or feel like you have like as big of a need to quit as the other things? 'cause Like I guess that's true. The other things were like, I'm gonna die and like ruining my life in that sense is more long term. Yeah. In My head it's almost like, feels like a diet where it's like, okay, like I'm not gonna die if I eat McDonald's. Yeah. Yes. And it is that the other day I tried not to vape for like five hours And I started counting in my head how many times I thought about hitting the vape And I was in like the hundreds And I was like, damn. Like that's so crazy. Life stat wise, if at the end of my life I spent 10% of my life thinking about the vape.


Yeah, that's rough. When have you ever tried one of the things like that? Like ripples or whatever I need to that are like vapor. You should try that. Yeah, I need to. I'm also people like swear up and down by Alan Carr's like books and methods. Like he wrote like the easy way to stop smoking and the easy way to stop vaping. And so many people, so many people. Even Nikki Glazer. I saw a clip of her talking about this on, oh wait, who said that? Joe Rogan. Someone told me they got hypnotized. Chelsea handler got hypnotized. Yeah. To stop smoking, right? Yeah. Try That. I watched this movie called Hypnotic. They're like, stop smoking. Be on time. Yeah. Stop smoking on time. Oh my God. I could do anything to be in that hypnotherapy session. You'd have me write, but I'm gonna do it while you're asleep. Yeah, you should try.


You probably could. I'm out cold. But like yeah, I'm gonna read the Allen Carr books. I'm definitely, I will get hypnotized at this point. I'm just like, how like right now it's dead and it's all I'm thinking about. Aw man. It's just, I Yeah, no it's rough and it's gross and honestly it's it, you're so much prettier without it. It's probably making you, it's probably making you uglier it. I mean it's quite literally aging me. It is. It is just like, No, I just, yeah, it just, there's no way. And there's also, I don't think very many like long-term studies on what vaping does to you because like obviously we can study smoking a cigarette and everyone thinks vaping is better than smoking. But like in a lot of ways it's not because a cigarette, at least you have to go outside to smoke it like a vape. You can just all day long just rip and rip and rip. I have a lot of friends who did that just like dialed back their nicotine by switching to cigarettes.


'cause then at least they have to go outside. I just don't like cigarettes. I, I love Maybe don't but like let's not do any of that. We don't need you smoking cigarettes. Yeah. At least it's more of like a Have you ever been a smoker? Like a smoke, a cigarette smoker? Yes, but it was during like the peak of my like, like just alcohol, Xanax, everything. And my etiquette was just really bad. Like even I, there was a time in New York City where I tried to light a cigarette in an Uber and that was the day I quit. That's good. Yeah. 'cause he kicked us out when we were on the side of the road And I was like, yeah, this isn't for Me. That's right. Yeah. We haven't talked at all about like the places that we've been though. Maybe 'cause we maybe 'cause you weren't there.


Well Everyone is just so mean to me. What do you mean? Like, I like to do things on my own schedule. And it is funny, even the Internet's perception of me. Like I'll see tiktoks of you, you three and all the top comments are like, Tana is asleep and it's like, God forbid I watch one of the and review a Patreon in my room, like God forbid I'm fucking, I really ha I've been getting up early. I just Mako And I have been on like our own program And I ended up in Ireland having to deal with a lot of internal work drama shit that I'm not gonna podcast about. But it was hell on earth trying to figure it out. And that took an entire day. And then everyone's just coming at me Like I'm literally a sloth And I hate my friends And I hate these beautiful places.


And it's Like I have other things to do. No, it's not that. I just noticed it wasn't a priority of yours and it's fine. But I, But my priority was editing the Cancelled patriot. No, that's not true. You spent 24 consecutive hours in the Paris Mall. Like no air. But it's beautiful. Valerie's lafa. But it has a stain in glass ceiling. I also was No, it, it's beautiful. Look it up. It is. It's gorgeous. I also, I also was making a vlog and that's like what I wanted to do with my day. You know? I Know. I don't why you're getting so defensive. I'm just saying. 'cause I've been Getting so much internal hate for me being on my own program. Well 'cause because like, we just don't want, we want you to see it. And you kept saying, what got me was you were like, God, I just, I wish I had time to walk around.


I'm like, you had so much. I've Been doing a lot of other things. Like genuinely I have, I've also been to Paris a thousand times. Like I've seen the Louvre, I've seen the arc de triumph I've seen And I know, but we wanted you in house on the cliffs with us. I was working on that internal bullshit like all day in Ireland. And I was so sad. I was crying about it. Like I wanted, I love Ireland. I wanted to be roaming around so bad, but Like, I know people had to get, get paid and flights had to get booked and everybody fucking needs something from me. You know? And that's the God honest truth. I know. But see that faith. Yeah. 'cause I'm like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Like, you know, you literally know that I had to do all of that. I know, but I know that, that you're like, well God forbid I have to watch a Patreon episode.


Our Patreon episodes by the way, are one hour long three. And we been out of the country for two and a half weeks. That took four hours of my day. I've been talking to Devin every single day about like the structure of these. When Alex Warren episode comes out, the a modern camera angle switch. I maybe it's A unique situation for me. 'cause I've never been to Europe, so I'm like, obviously I wanna be outside all the time. But I do. But I also, I do. Okay. There is, here's the thing, I don't wanna be outside all of the time. I would love to be outside half of the time. And a lot of things have come up where Like I end up having to do other things that is kind of fucked on me in that sense. You could, could Perhaps sit in the park and watch a picture on episode. I'm not working on my laptop from the park. That's just not who I am. But like in Paris, I love Paris. We had fi I did so much.


I went to my favorite restaurant. I went under the Eiffel with Koa. I walked around, I went to vintage stores around the hotel. No, I'm just giving you a hard time. No, I, I'm just giving You a hard time. And trust me, it's totally fine because I've been having the most, the most fun with my girlfriend, Paige. And like, listen to me Like I, I will join you guys. Like seriously, Ireland was chalked because of all of that shit. And like, I'm not gonna bring that drama to the podcast, but it was fucking awful. It was the worst ever. And I had to do it. And okay, Fine, tomorrow we're going on a hike. Here's what I'm also going to say to you though. I'm down for small things, but I also know myself and my energy levels. No, Honestly, you, I love you more than anything. But you would've hated house Hated.


Like, I think it's beautiful. And if I was on vacation, I would absolutely take the day to do that. But I don't wanna do a bunch of shit before the show and then not have my full battery at the meet and greet and not have my full battery on stage. Like, that feels selfish to me. And I know my battery. Like I Charge my battery at health. Yeah, you have, you have a much bigger battery than me when it comes to activity and all of it. You know what I mean? So like on the off days, of course I want to go do things And I will when I have the time. But it's me Agree to disagree. It's not mean. Agree to disagree, It's not mean. It's not me. It's just like, you can't say you had no time. You have so much time. I've Literally, I've been working on three vlogs with jro like that. That is a back and forth.


It takes so much time. Like I really have been prioritizing what I know. I guess you could just do it the next time you're on a world tour. I'm not gonna put my YouTube channel on pause. Like all of the people who like, it's not, I just uploaded. I'm uploading again tomorrow. I know. Like I, and that takes time and effort and energy. You know, I'm not a hater. I'm just saying, And I'm still seeing these places in the way that I want to describe Oz. Hello to me, Gray, No Oslo On It was very colorful. O No, it was so interesting though. 'cause Oslo, like Oslo was the first time I've ever been like, am I in a video game? Like Oslo was also closed down for a national holiday and the streets were completely empty and you couldn't go in anywhere. I was Like, I'm gonna spend the day editing.


Yeah. We were there for four days, but We were writing the show for the other days working on the show. I know, but you have to remember that I also have that job. But then you clock into doing that and then leave and go explore. Like, I'm gonna like do, I'm gonna do my Snapchat that takes an hour. I'm gonna like, it takes an hour of my day. You know what I mean? I'm gonna fucking edit a video. I'm gonna, no, I get it. There's no shame in having different priorities. But my priority is to talk about Oslo. What the fuck are they eating and drinking while every single person there looks like a Victoria's Secret model. They're all no pores. So tall, so skinny. There's, it's crazy in every city. How much more, I don't wanna say more beautiful.


That's fucked up. No, no. Yes. People Are are just healthier. That's what it is. People are like radiating a glow that we do not have in America. Like the MSG No. Just sucked me dry personally. Like Specifically Norway though, it was like, what the hell are these people on? It felt like a movie or something. No, it's, And I, I saw a little bit of Norway, you know what I mean? It was beautiful. I just, I mean, I am like being very defensive on this because I feel Like I get bullied for a set of things and some are like, you know what? Bully me, haze me. Make me better. I know, because Sometimes I wish you would just say Like, I didn't want to, But I did want to. You know? And it's like, that's not Like, I don't know. I just wanna be validated in the sense that Like I'm doing other things.


Like I think you're so hardworking. I think you are amazing at your job. I think you're the best literally in the business at your particular job. I just think sometimes when you say like, no, I couldn't. It's like you could have, I could, but like, yeah, again, conserving energy is nice. I've been to Paris a lot And I still did so much in Paris. I have like an hour long movie coming out about all the things I did in Paris and which I've been putting notes on with Jro in my hotel room, God forbid. And yeah. And Ireland really Like, I feel like you're getting mad at me about it. I'm Like, I just got it for bed. I just wanted to have some fun with you. No, I know, I know, I know. I am like, I'm peaked. I think it's 'cause like you, you're allowed like three things to bully me about at a time.


What do you mean? This is my main one. It is, this is my main one at the moment. What about the other ones? Your chola? Yeah. And see like that's valid. I think this one I'm really, I am defensive about because I'm sorry it's, I don't wanna hurt your feelings. I've been, I've been doing things, I've been awake and doing things, but I have not been on, I have not been hiking cliffs with y'all or going to get la boo boos Or It's okay. There's only room for four of us in the car and we have our solid four. Yes. And I can't stress that enough. I'm obsessed with it. Like go Thrive Slay. No, I live for it. It's just the girls me be, be Paige and Miles. I literally was like, who's the fourth? I forgot about Miles. No, he's having so much fun. He keeps going.


That's fierce. Girl. Paige has been putting miles on. Paige is so funny with our boyfriends. Many miles send like one the girls Loves Paige. He's like, God, I really underestimated Paige's like sense of humor. The funniest Person In life. And we'll sit down to breakfast and like this morning like we sat, we came downstairs to have a drink and first thought he's like, where's Paige? Oh that's serious. And I also have that thought. Yeah. We have to get into the, the dynamics of this Fucking, yeah. She And I have been working on our relationship because we do hate each other so much. Yeah, It's it's so wild that the internet, I mean it's crazy 'cause those edits they're Gonna take. I know, I know. They clip it and then they're like, look at her eye movements. I'm like God forbid I'm on an SSRI.


Right. No that's actually not it. Like honestly the Lato makes me make the craziest faces and people make compilations of it. I like God. Wait, also, you know what, you had a lot to say about how I can't move my face and now suddenly I'm too expressive. Which is it? We'll never know. It it is just so sad seeing you and Paige get so fucking pit against each other. And it's so wild too. 'cause the comments will be all one thing on the pod and then all one thing on TikTok and it's like you literally can't win. Yeah. I've been trying like to reframe it though in my mind. 'cause like it used to be Like I would get so upset and it's so frustrating to like for people to be so adamant about being so wrong. But then I just like completely reframed it in my mind.


I'm like, how funny is it for like that many people to just be like so wrong? Like, And just so up in arms about other people's relationships. I'm not gonna lie, there was an edit of you that I watched And I was like, damn. Like What was it like just They put all of the moments together And I was Like, I Yeah. But We were, I was like very deliberately doing that. It was when we were having the Hailey Bieber conversation And I was purposely being like, you disgusted me. Like that was the whole thing. That was the whole po point of the thing. And I feel like that is kind of your bit being like sassy, you know? Yeah. My bit Is like, well yeah, also just me having a different opinion. It's like if I have, you know, the same opinion as everybody, I'm too agreeable And I just want to be like, There's no far no Up Your As. And then if I have a different opinion, it's like I'm an A, I'm a pick me fucking weirdo.


It's like, no, actually I just like Hailey Bieber and that's actually It. Yeah. And that doesn't mean you don't like Selena. Like that's, no, It doesn't. I love Selena Gomez Marlow. His story is, Oslo is gorgeous. We went from Oslo like the most calm, cool, quiet, collected place to Paris the very next day. Mm. And boy was I shocked. And you know what? I think that contrast like affected the way I felt about Paris, but I imagine Paris so different like than it actually is. It's a lot of hustle and bustle. It's a very poor, it's, I'm populated. Like I spend 90% of the time just like worried about getting hit by a c like a car or a bus Or a it's or a bike. It's packed and crazy. But I like thrive in places like that. I don't know why. Like I, I love it. I feel like Paris is European.


Yeah. You're quick move. So quick. Paris is like European, New York. Gods mighty you. No, it, it felt very similar to New York except for nobody understands me. So it's harder to Like, I don't know if it's 'cause my last name is Mojo. You are, are you French? No, my dad changed his last name with the whole thing. Really? That's kind Of cool. I was supposed to be tan of grills. Remember? I'm so happy you're not tanning grills. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? But you should Thank him for that. I know. Honest to God I was, I write about it in my book And I do indeed thank him for that. He ate with that Mojo's a great last name. He wouldn't be the same if your la not last name wasn't Moja. Tana Grills is just diabolical Tana Grills. Like it's like what? Who's that other girl? Like Tay Money or something. Yes. And we get enough comparisons.


We really do. That would be, it would've been great for my rapper up but god damn imagine how much people hate me now. If my last name was grills, how much more people hate I just never could have been able to take you seriously. Yeah. Although I like when like someone's name like kind of matches them like JP Sack. Whoa that does, You know, that's his real last name. But he's like this beautiful musician or like there's another person. Oh, Alicia Keys, Rosamond Pike. Who is that? Why did I say Rosamond? Is she a gymnast? Like what's what? Stevie Wonder. Oh my god, that's funny. Oh, I have something that I just want to tell you And I'm debating saving this for the page episode because I really think this one's gonna get her going.


But I'm just gonna tell you right now. Oh, okay. DJ Khaled hosted Lele Pond's Nickelodeon slime themed gender reveal party. That's a real sentence. Well that's a mouthful. But honestly doesn't That just feel like you had cha GBT make something? Yes so much, but also in some way it makes complete imperfect sense. I need To find the video and show you, but Like what a cute theme for for a baby shower. Although really I don't really believe in, wait, it was a gender reveal. I don't believe in gender reveals like cut a cake with with your partner. You know, I Actually do agree with that. Like I, everyone having to gather around, it's like good for you.


I think and and obviously like do whatever makes you happy and obviously Like I love to celebrate like the people I love and stuff, but I get, I get really guilty when I can't like attend a lot of things for somebody. And like when someone has a baby, they have to have like a baby shower, a baby reveal another baby shower, The Birth. I'm like, get over it. I honestly, I, yeah, I couldn't agree more. It is like a lot. But DJ Khaled hosting it like come, he's like another one. I'm DJ Khaled. Was it a girl or boy? It was a girl. Oh yay. Yeah. I love that for Lele. You know what I've been getting harassed about? Speaking of just this realm of things. The new Tana go brunette is when are you getting engaged?


Yeah. That's what happens though when you're in a happy relationship. Everyone just like assumes like obviously you wanna get married immediately. And I guess that does Like I wish that always shocks me about you because I wanna get like, now that I know I'm with the person that I wanna marry, I'm like tomorrow I Agree. But Like, I don't know how to explain it. Like it's like this is the last period of time in our life that like we're dating, you know? Yeah. And Like I think that's really special. I also just think I'm looking at my plate right now and I'm imagining having to like plan a wedding. Like, And I know some people get engaged for like three years, but even then, like still that's just, it's like a, a time clock that I'm like not ready to embark on. I want to be able to like when I'm engaged, have a lot more free time and like relish in it and like dedicate a lot of my life to planning the wedding and not just like a 10th of it and it feels like another birthday party that I've planned all over the years and like a work obligation.


Yeah, no, that would frustrate me too. You know, if I like if, if you're just not ready for it, I don't know. I just value mine and KO's relationship so much that I want to take things slowly and like make sure they're perfect. And I swear to God I could post right now that I lost both of my limbs and people would be like, well how are you gonna walk down the aisle now? You need to get engaged. I Don't, I, I don't know, I just, I had To really go off the other day. It's all my comments on every single video. I was like, the only engagement going up is my TikTok engagement from people fucking commenting this shit. Like I just Like, I, I respect you for being so patient. 'cause like now that I'm like, oh my God, I obviously Like I want to get married to you. So like why would we not do it 35 minutes ago? I Agree. I will say that like that ffo shit I did with Jake Paul kind of did like, maybe that's why scratch a it, you know, it's like oh I got to put the dress on And I got to like choose my bridesmaids.


And I got, and even just that it made me like really realize Like, I don't know, like there's a lot of planning that goes into even a sham but like let alone some fucking shit, you know? Yeah. And I don't know, I'm just Like, I need more time. Well there's no rush. You could, there are people who date for like 10 years. Like who gives a fuck? I don't wanna be one of those people though. That's the other thing. And I then I posted a video about how I don't wanna get engaged and some girl was like, my boyfriend waited seven years to propose to me and it was perfect. And I was like, not too much now. Like that's, I, I don't know. What do you think Is like the, I think I heard you say the other day, like two and a half years. Yeah. Maybe three, two and a half, three years. I think that's the thing too is it's like people are really acting like this shit is right around the corner and I'm like, buckle up.


No, by the time you get engaged And I wanna be celebrating like my third anniversary. Yeah. And I also, I like that weirdly. I don't like being like the first to do anything ever. We know actually. Yeah. So Bless your heart though. I love you so much. You too. Keep Going. No, I think it's good to like let, Like I want you to do it first and then I wanna be like wow, that was amazing. And like, you know what I mean? We have such Different though, Like I have so many people in my life who have gotten married now. I feel like the last, so like it doesn't feel like, oh I would be the first. I feel like, oh my god, thank God Brook's finally getting married. I guess that's true. A lot of my hometown friends have, but I do feel like my, a lot of my formative years were, and like ideals and stuff were more formed in Los Angeles where like nobody does that.


Yeah. So like maybe that's more where like my head is at. I don't know dude, I really, and Like I also, I feel like you and Miles will do something intimate and cute and classy and Like I wanna have a Vegas wedding and a Maui wedding and like just all the like Yeah, just bull. Like Too many logistics. Do you know that a year ago Tfe messaged me and she was like, Hey, like just so you know, like randomly my sidekick told me to message you. Like she felt called to tell you that you are gonna meet like the love of your life, like the person that you're gonna marry this year. And then she said like, you're gonna be so in love that you can't wait, you're going to elope on a random Thursday with just friends and family.


She said that to me so specifically. And I was with Bebe at the cheese kick factory the day bef the night I actually found mouse. This was like all what a like crazy night this was. But she sent it to me And I was like, oh my God, how crazy is that? And she said that people like when I, when I get engaged or when I get married, people are gonna think it's a shotgun wedding because I'm pregnant. But really like we just love each other so much. Like we can't wait. And she told me that. And then the same person, you know that girl who always gets everything right about you? The psychic. She tagged me like read my chart or something. Like posted. Wait, do you mean a girl online or like my girl? The Twitter, the the, she's like her name's like star girl or something on Twitter. Oh, okay. And she like predicted Like I think a bunch of stuff about you. She predicts like a lot of things with celebrities and stuff. But she, Yeah, she said I was gonna find love in Hawaii before I did.


Really? Yeah. She sent me my like chart like right after Tuffy had told me all of this and it, it like specifically says like I'm gonna meet like my soulmate between the ages of 27 and 28. And I met him when I was 28. That is So sweet. I love him so much And I just love you guys together. I think he makes you your highest self, you know, He's the best And he's so funny. I know. It's, it's been really sweet on this tour too. Just looking back at all the times that we did have like 13 tattooed counterparts and or Just like guys that hated me. I remember like obviously I had like the only other person I've ever like brought on tour was like a guy who first of all could not have been like more opposite from me.


Like everything I said and did was like a performance because like this, Like I wasn't compatible with him so I had to become someone who was compatible with him and that person sucked. Mm. So like it was just so like it makes me literally wanna throw up to think about now how I was thinking about like, oh my God, what is he thinking about? Like what my friends are saying and like is he having a good time right now when now I'm just like, Yeah just and that's so nice too as your friend to get to like exist with you and not you for Yeah. You know what I mean? Like brand like Stacy or whoever I became Stacy's so funny. I love Stacey But you know what I'm saying? Like ew. No, I mean but it's, listen, it made us all who we are. I'm, I'm learning to just hold hands with all of those versions of myself 'cause they led me here, you know?


Yeah. I guess I just, the first time I've ever not had to think about like how I was acting And it's just nice. He loves you so much for you and it's beautiful. That's So cute. He loves everybody. He loves everyone with us. And that's sweet too. I think that whoever's with you has to like quite literally date Bebe as well. And like he is so good at that. Oh he's, Are you kidding? Not like a weird way. No, No. But he did for Bebe's birthday he Like, I didn't, I didn't say anything to him or anything, but he came home with like cupcakes and stuff for Bebe and like put candles in 'em and stuff and like Bebe was so like touched by it. She made a TikTok about it and the amount of hate in the comments that was literally just like, like kill me if my boyfriend's ever this close with my friend. Like We Were like, what the hell?


Because it's so, God forbid Kill me if I have the opposite 'cause it's so bad. Like Yeah. You know what I mean? We were, were Like, I I just think that's strange if you don't Trust your friends and you don't trust your boyfriend it's different. Yeah. Or to think anything could be like weird behavior between like your best friend and your boyfriend when like then you don't have a best friend, you don't have a boyfriend. It's so true. It's so wild that a psychic predicted That I know. And like a psychic who isn't even mine. Like she went to Tuffy and was like, can you tell her this? Those Are the crazy ones that are like, you know what I mean? 'cause it like really just like came through and So specific and I've never really put a lot of thought into eloping but Like I really wanna elope. Like that's kind of my thing. I think it is so intimate and like saving the money using it for a honeymoon. Like it just makes, it makes a lot of sense For me. It's, I think I've said this before, but just the family thing.


Like who am I having a wedding for? You know what I mean? And like what did you say to me? I put it in your notes, you were like, if I have, if I have a wedding with all of my family there, I'm gonna have to buy like nine new sets of teeth. Yeah. The amount of teeth I would have to buy to be able to have a functional wedding because like, you know my Like I Feel you girl. Not that anyone's like judgmental but Like, I don't know, you know Like I got a lot of toothless family. Yeah. I mean it's one thing if it's you know, toothless by choice get the London look but it's, you know, Yeah It's a little meone maybe But yeah maybe A little, you know, I had a psychic tell me that right before we left I got a reading 'cause I was just in an interesting place wanting to know things.


Like whatever. I had a psychic tell me that like my entire, Like I will discover on this tour like entirely what I want in life and like this tour is like so meaningful for me to like be on the right path. Like I will be enlightened to figure out what it is that I truly want on this tour. Hmm. Oh my god. You know what I wanted to talk about was the anal joke that I made that fell on deaf ears. It was really funny. Do you wanna say you say no we were, we were at the meet and greet and obviously like a lot of times like sometimes if people will bring like their moms or something, we'll be Like, I apologize in advance for like all the anal jokes we're gonna make or like something along those lines.


And Hannah And it's kinda like my Burlington, Vermont. It's like one of my buzzwords. It's Like I feel Like I can easily just describe the show as anal But it's crazy 'cause we really don't talk about anal that much. No, I know. I guess I'm more so just saying the caliber of things being that vulgar. Like it's the word to describe all words. Yeah. Yeah. So she said it to like this girl and I'm not kidding, like she didn't so much as crack a smile. Her face like dropped if anything. She was like, and then she was like, There was like a full like six long Mississippi seconds of silence and then Tana just like, she's like, so should we take a picture? And the girl goes, oh, I don't want a photo at the meet and greet. Like I made an anal joke to the one person who, and the, I'm thinking I say that because like usually our fans are pretty wild and they'll like cackle and then they'll tell us like a crazy anal joke or a crazy joke or something back to it matches the energy usually.


Yeah. Of our supporters. So well And I scared this woman like I'll never forget it. I'll actually never forget a shit. No, it Was cute. I'm sure she was just like nervous or something. But it was so funny because Like, I don't think she, we looked at each other and we were like, oh man, like you Bombed like the one person. I bombed the one person who like would not like that. And it is because like at every meet and greet usually you'll see that one really excited elated girl has brought her friend who is above this better, consumes better media, just do ha doesn't know anything about this and is just supporting their friend. And I, I like, oh my God I just, I hit the anal joke to the one supporting friend and it was, oh my god, I Never, I know but it would probably not happening again.


So Tricia Pettis is about to give birth to the Pope. I know. I cannot believe it's so crazy. See that like just what we're talking about with weddings and stuff, like in my head I'm like how on earth has she had three kids? She got married 30 minutes ago. You know what I'm saying? Like everything, everything, everything happened so fast. Like, or Like I guess time, Like, I don't know, time just passed. Trisha, you know, you know that TR got married at a hotel that Mcco was working on building and Mcco was working at the same time as Trisha's wedding. Do You, that's so interesting. And I wonder how many times, like do you ever wonder if like you and Koa have ever been in the same place and not known it? I Spent hours like deep diving And I know like the exact times and days that we were the closest to each other without knowing.


That's So crazy. It's so I love like when you see stories about that like, or like when people are in the backgrounds of their partner's photos like 20 years prior. I mean like Miranda Harrison. Yes, yes, yes. There was a day where I was in Maui with Bella Thorn and Mods son, Michael choa and Ashley Schwan on a boat and Koa was working at the dock. Isn't that crazy? So Wild think so Interesting. So wild. And here I am like I'm in this throuple, I'm about today Mod Son solo like bitch you're husband is inches from you. Yeah. What the hell were you up to? I just wanna say Thank you to everybody coming out to these shows and this international tour is like, it is just mind blowing. Like even yesterday, like doing a meet and greet in Berlin, Germany and people being like, I've watched you for 10 years.


I love you guys. You guys saved my life. And it's like we have this girl who told me like 10 years ago, she was watching my toothbrush story and she was living in Egypt and she was born in Egypt. And it's like if you could have told that girl that someone's watching her in Egypt, like it's just so much more special being so far from home but having this consistent level over the globe, like it's so crazy and yeah, It's so special. We love you guys. We love you so much. We love traveling and we love going outside. We are about to film an episode with Paige and Brooke and Paige are gonna squash their beef and Bebe's gonna come on.


Never. And tell us about all of her hookups on tour and what they mean. All of 'em. Yeah, all of them was crazy. It's actually one story. I'm sorry I didn't mean to do You like that girl. We love you guys so much and we'll talk to you in the next episode. Bye. Stay true, stay true.