
Hello And welcome Back to the Cancelled Cancelled Podcast. Podcast. Insert eagle screech here. Wow. I am so happy to be home. And just so it's so crazy how much this tour gave me, like a new lease on life. We had such Opposite experiences, but I'm ha I'm really happy that you're happy to be Home. Like even this studio is like, oh, I miss our little ghost. Like I miss our little fucking studio. I miss all Miss Sharon. I miss like I'm so happy to be here. It's fucking crazy. It's fine. I'm happy to be home too. I've been feeling but I, you know what? I'm lying. I'm lying for no reason. I've had the worst time since I've been home. Why the worst time if every single thing in my life stayed exactly the same, every single out like factor like what do they call it?


A variable was controlled. Okay. Nothing else changed. I could not keep my mental in order. It's so hard. So when I have like a million different, like things changing all the time, I just become like Haywire Impossible to manage. And I was like fine on tour I think. And it was like a little bit delayed. But then I got home and like technically I am back in my routine except everything is different. Yeah. And I've been like, oh everybody's been a victim of me this week. Wait, Really? Yeah. Like what's different? Well my violence level, yes. But also I took a plan B so that could be a major factor. Oh yeah. I've never, or I haven't taken a plan B since like college. So Did you hit a cu in me and then regret It happens to the best way.


I have something bad to tell you. Huh? I Have reason to believe that Miles's mom is listening to this podcast. I found out KO's grandma listens to this podcast. Do you know many things I wouldn't have said? I know, but good news honestly speed this episode up. She said to Miles that she said the reason or like the reason she can't really listen that well is because we talk too fast. Oh my. Oh my God. So I keep it going. Yeah, that's no, that's great news. No KO's grandma, she watches, she was like recently texting him Like I just hope she stops vaping. Like I just want the best for her. And I was like, but I was just thinking about all the other things she's heard And I was Like, I know. I just, I definitely have a a different approach because I love her. Me too. So I'm a little anxious. So to answer your question, no I did not hit one of those.


It was a freak accident. Oh And too ushy. Too gushy. I honestly think I would sooner carry a child all the way through adulthood than take another plan B. I do get it And it's so wild. 'cause it's plan B to me is similar to alcohol. Whereas like when I was 18, I would equate like a hangover to like a small inconvenience for 20 minutes. I would equate taking a plan B to like eating a purple skittle. And then now like as you're older and you take those things, it's like your body just, Do you think that it's because your body is actually reacting differently or do you think you're now like more in tune with your body Or that there was once unfortunately now I'm just thinking about KO's grandma And I hate this next sentence.


Whatever was it. You were like used to it. Yeah. Thanks. Thank you. We finish each other's. I think you're not supposed to take more than like a two sentences. I don't think you're supposed to take more than two in a a year. Yeah, no I heard that a lot. What was It? But I mean I'm alive so That's good. Yeah. Anyway, you know that what I used to do in college. What? Because I was poor. I would take five birth control pills at one time instead of a plan B. You Can also take 30 vitamin Cs at one time. No one do that. No one do that. I took too many gummy vitamins one time And I got warts. And you know what, I don't talk about that enough. But I used to have a thumb. My whole right thumb was covered top to bottom in warts. You Really don't like, don't talk about that Enough. I've actually never talked about that.


Yeah. Like damn, what do you It was giving froggy McGee. Yeah, My whole right thumb. And I was, I was so anxious that I would just fucking Take 'em off. I could never be a wart girly because I would be like, no, I'm gonna remove this Right now. Like doctor, doctor Popper because you pan it doesn't really hurt. But it was dark And I had to have them all frozen off. Oh my God. But is that, what is that like? Like what's in the freeze? Liquid nitrogen. Oh Shit. That's kind of cool. I had my prevo scan today. Oh my god. How did that go? Wait, can we promote the merch before? Yes. In case people are clicking off. Aw, I don't think they are. I hope they're not. But we have our new merch drop. We have our new merch drop on. These shirts are so cute. I'm on the way here. I'm on the phone cussing out a technician eating chicken in a bowl with sriracha in a moving vehicle while cussing someone out.


I got sriracha all over my baby T and had to use a shout wipe. So that's, I think you can, stains not included. You can tell. I hope you can't tell. That's why I've had my sunglasses here. But this is literally, and first of all it is just crazy the new lease on life show. Like normally I'd be so upset about my house. Someone came today and they fucked up all my like gates and doors like everything is electronic to get in. And they just left with all of it off. I have no way to get back in after this. Ooh. And they're like, we'll come back next week. I'm Like, I can't enter my house. Like what do you mean? But like again, my new lease on life, I'm like, it happens. Aw. Like it's so strange. It is. But I love the colors. You look so cute. And baby blue. That's your, that's like my saddest thing about not being blonde anymore is I can't really wear baby blue But you look so good in brown and pink.


So it's like perfect that there's one for each of us. And then we have these hats they say locally hated which, And that I am, we were Back and forth on local celebrity or locally hated. And I'm gonna be honest with you, if I could go back in time, I would pick local celebrity. I just think I was in like really? If I got lo, if I had a local celebrity hat, I don't know if I would wear it. 'cause I'd be like embarrassed. I I I feel like people would take me seriously. Yeah. Like I be like who do you think you are? And it's the nicest material that you could stain galore. Which I'm obsessed with clearly. 'cause I have a staining problem. And then I have these for you to open up. Ooh. Fun little gift. What do they say? Cancelled podcast. Nice little silk Bag. Yeah, they come in this little silk bag. We have thongs And I have not released thongs since Tony Oes Since my dizzy and my scandalous days.


And I'm so excited There's a camo thong with pink Is appearing to be very high wasted. Yeah, It's it's, we might have to do a second drop with your gussets. Yeah. I don't know. Well you know what, it's very micro. I think this is a wide enough gusset for me. I know I need actually yeah, it's Like I have a really extreme But they're so cute With Problem And I feel like the Y 2K bodies will wanna do them above a pair of pants. I know I will at some point, but they say Cancelled and cursive and there's a camo white and a Pink. Oh the camo is everything. The camos so cute. I wanted to like do a whole photo shoot where we were on horses in these, but I was like, we don't have the time like at all. And Like I would be falling off the horse and then you'd be fucking slaying down In my chonie.


I don't think so. I did that once. I did a nude photo shoot on a horse. I Remember that. It was fun. It was gorgeous though. It was, I had to get blacked out though to be able to even get on the horse and Hunter was livid. Happens. Well I love them. I'm so excited. This is honestly, this might be one of my favorite merch drops. The the app set is my like actual Favorite. Yeah. And we're doing that in more colors soon too. Like some, I think we have like a pink and a Heather Gray. Ooh. I'm Excited coming for Heather Gray. I love Toro but I love this drop too because it's just very like you can wear it every day and we haven't done a lot of baby tees so I'm excited And I Love them. I live in a baby tee. I know. And this camo hat, I was wearing another camo hat so often that I was Like, I am like actually missing out if this isn't my own brand.


Like so I just had to like make ours perfect. Tell me about your pvo. Oh I got my Pvo scan today. I talked about it on another PO or another episode, but it's like the full body MRI. So I went in and it's, I had to spend an hour in there. Okay. I wasn't expecting that. Is it claustrophobic? It Is. And they told me beforehand that I could take a sedative if I needed to, but I knew I was gonna have to come here after. So I was Like I can't sedate myself. You shut Up. I know it was fine but It was, it was fine. They asked me what I wanted to watch though. Okay. And how it works. It's obviously like a huge MRI machine. But they have, you have like this thing in front of you. It's a mirror and the mirror faces the back wall where whatever you watch is projected onto the wall, like the whole wall.


Okay. And so I was already watching tiktoks like other people's per Novo tiktoks And I saw someone say like, oh yeah, I just watched like two episodes of Sex in the City and it was over. So I just told them Sex in the City. I was like perfect. They said what episode? I don't care. I I don't care. Choose whatever episode you want. When I tell you I picked the Rast most graphic episodes of all time or he picked them but I'm like the whole time in the MR MRI machine, I'm not supposed to move and I'm just thinking oh my god, they're having sex on on a giant projector and it's just me and this guy in here. I was like which episode? Like who is doing what it Was politically it it's where Carrie's dating like the the politician and he wants her to pee on him. Oh my Brooke, that's arguably like the raunchy and Stuff stuff.


Yeah. And then Miranda when she's like masturbating it's like a whole, it was so bad. That is so fucking funny. And They were like in as saana and it's just like 50 nude girls. It was Like I never see this much nudity on Sex in the City. You Probably like made his day though. Like low key. Yeah, he was probably like, like it's like he was probably Into the show honestly. Yeah. But, and we love putting men onto Sex in the city. It's the best show honestly ever. I more from learn more from Sex in the City than like any other show I've ever watched. I know you really like on tour I was doing an interview and someone asked me about that And I was thinking about how much sex in the city like changed my entire view on like girlhood and like how important your girl friendships are like in your life. I Agree. It also taught me a lot about like your clock because like everybody in the beginning seasons of Sex in the City, they're all like in their mid thirties.


Yeah, that's so true. That like life doesn't end when your twenties are over and they're like such a good example. It really is. I'm about to start G Grey's Anatomy and I'm really excited. Oh my god. Buckle ups. I know, but you will it I'm the amount of times I've told you it will change your life and you just never actually start watching. Amari has been watching it and he's been telling me like this is changing my life. And I'm like damn everyone says that I have to watch it. It was, Oh my God. It's the best thing. I literally cannot wait the newest. I'm gonna wait till The new is kind of like there's a time, it's one of those shows that's been on for so long that like you will get fatigued eventually, but like the first 10 seasons, I can't wait. I think I'm gonna love it. I'm waiting till we're back from tour 'cause I don't think I need to. It's so funny, I was like editing the Manchester episode today and I'm sitting there and I'm like, I'm so depressed.


Like I have no idea why. Like even on tour at one point Bebe just turned to me and was like, Tana, you're so depressed. And I'm like on tour and I'm convincing myself Like I need Zoloft, I need Wellbutrin. Like I'm chemically down bad. And then I was home for like seven days And I just like had this moment where I was like in my pool and like had my friend group around and like was just like back in like my life And I was like doing back flips and I've had like more energy And I was like, damn, it sucks that I was like so situationally depressed on this last tour. And I'm like really fucking hoping that Australia, I don't feel that way. Like I'm just, 'cause it's so wild that Like I feel like a completely different person than I did in that episode.


That literally is the last episode. Well I'm Happy you feel better. Geez. No, it makes me sad that you feel like that on tour. And I, And I don't normally That's what I was like kind of trying to get across when I was like accidentally shading you for staying home. But Like I really think that it just, I think that was like the real difference in our experiences. Not to say like you had to go out or do anything, but I just think like had you been able to or had you like had the energy for it or wanted to do it, it would've changed the experience a little bit in I Agree. Just in that like just In the hotel room at that point, at that point truly I was more just like staying in and working. We hadn't been on tour like a long time, but it's funny because a lot of the things that you were kind of saying to me ended up like manifesting much more Like I did because at that point I was like, okay, but I just don't know.


I don't know what it is. Like my soul was just like, And I don't ever normally feel like that on tour And I don't know if it was just bus us being close to home, I feel fine. Like, and it was just like the flying or like going into it was really A perfect storm. Like a combination of all the things. I think it Was, I really do and just like, yeah, Like I don't know my energy and Like, I don't know what it was like even just Like, I'm wondering if I had like Amari there or something. Even like how you and Bibe, 'cause Paige was obviously working too and it wasn't like, yeah but Well fuck that. Bibe was major stress source and she knows it. Plus her heart. I love her so much. It's oh my God, it's, and she's, do we talk about Bebe or no? Oh, Bebe's fired. She knows she's fired. Yeah. Oh her, her girlfriend.


Oh no. Well I meant like, just like your guys' Laura. I was just happy that it was a gate that I was not a part of and Like, oh no, it was never like a real fight. We just, we, we learned that Bebe's not supposed to be an assistant. Yeah. And just like for your stress sake too, like, you know, it's crazy and it's like, it's just, I think it did all like start with the Labu boos, which is so funny 'cause I like cannot even fucking ever look at a Labu Booo the same again. Like I don't think we're gonna air it, but like Labu Boo Gate happened and like of course I was kind of on the outside of Labu Boo Gate so I was like wanting to know more and like, this is funny for content, but it was a real ass gate. And ww Yeah, we actually had to like stop in the middle of the episode to like, like we were fighting. But I think Labu boos were like, we're the jorts of this scenario where it like, where it was Like I was targeting my like my frustration into this like, particular topic that had nothing to do with the actual issue at hand.


I know. And I, it's like funny 'cause I'm learning that that's just like, you'll do that. You know what I mean? But like La Booboos and jorts. But like it couldn't be, there's there's nothing funnier than like Lab Booboos and Jorts. I know. And now they're all over my timeline and they just, it's funny too even 'cause like Labu Boo Gate really did stretch across like weeks of tour. Like there was a lot of animosity about these labu boos between mainly you and Bibi. But then Paige was kind of dragged in and then I'm like kind of, I'm egging it on. 'cause I think it's funny, Like I we're all involved And I came home and Ashley, Mario and Isabella had a whole tray for me of stuff and at the top of the tray was just a labu boo. And I was like, this is so hilariously poetic that I came home and it's like all my best friends and there's like just like one singular labu boo in the middle of my bed And I was just like, little do you know, They're just so cute.


They are so cute but is so fucking funny. And I They got banned. They're like banned in certain countries because they're demon 'cause of people fighting. No. Oh. Because they're, they're like, they're from where the wild things are. I don't know like the actual background of of the la boo boo character. Yeah, but it's supposed to be like a demonic thing. It's so crazy. Like how far consumerism has gone. Like people are in stores fighting over these fucking labu boos, dude paying $1.6 billion. China's something, something Like their economy has made from. Yeah. And even just, I was on TikTok shop the other end. Every single thing was Labu boo outfits, LABU boo cases, LABU Boo Jazzy. My old roommate has a whole labu boo store.


I know. I've been like trying to figure out how the fuck I can capitalize on this. I'm Like, I'm about to have a ulu fucking charm for sale. No, I'm always, I'm always too late to the party. I think the time has already passed. I don't know though if like bag charms are gonna go away, They're not, but back charms have been here long before La Boo boos. I know, but now it's just so different. I feel like there's this like societal social status need to have a fucking fuzzy character from your bag. You know what's so funny is I had to stop myself from buying like a $700 bag charm recently be just because of Labu. Boo Gate had me so fired up. I was like, oh, I have to get this one that's like way Better this Fendy labu boo. You know, I didn't buy it. I thought better of it And I was so proud of myself. And then I watched your vlog and you did buy it.


Oh the meme. Fucking can I be honest with you though, like so many purchases I made that I did not need to make, I was just shopping was bringing me serotonin And I was really leaning in and like, I'm home now and I'm Like, I, I am not buying a purse for 10 years. Like I have so many. Well don't tell me that because I just discovered the real RealReal and it's been fucking Depop up real, real bad. No, it's just, oh my God. I I couldn't I have, I need to stop with the pop like every night I'm on Depop just scrolling. Like I Still can't get into Depop. But it's like, again, it's one of those things, it's like picking up cigarettes on purpose. Like I don't want to get into No It's, and I'm like in a, just like bidding war for like Jimmy Chew shoes that I like do not need like it's just Oh like it's ridiculous.


It really is.


Spring is in full bloom on DraftKings Casino. New offers and promos are sprouting up daily. Right now new players can play five bucks on ANYTHING and get 350 casino spins instantly on a featured slot game. Download the app and sign up with code Cancelled. Take the featured slot for us bin and explore thousands of others in the DraftKings game library. Check back daily to claim the hottest offers and promos on DraftKings Casino. The Crown is Yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCPG dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically present in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Connecticut and Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only non withdrawal casino spends valid for featured game only in expire in 168 hours. See terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos ends June 15th, 2025 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. Thank you DraftKings Casino for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


But speaking of, well let me not say speaking of ridiculous, we have a lot to cover. I mean first of all, I'm just laughing so hard because our last episode being the Manchester one, me watching it today, we talk about how cute and wholesome Cardi B and Stefan Diggs are since that is coming out. There's all new lore there. I'll educate you on that shit. We, I'm talking about how Ari Kitie and Young Gravy like are definitely a PR stunt. I've since spoken to them. They're not a PR stunt, they're a happy couple. It's like damn too. And then we were talking about Catherine and Austen McBroom from the outside of the situation. Fuck. And I am now on the inside.


I was gonna originally just address this on TikTok because I was like, it's quick, it's just, I was mentioned in the interview for a second I can easily like clear this up and then I got all of my facts straight. I I cited some sources. I, you know, you And I started talking about it And I was like damn, like I'm not gonna make a 10 minute TikTok. I should just, And I am getting like a lot of comments about it. Like people are really up in arms at me and I'm Like, I don't know, it's just wild because I feel Like I accredit a lot of my stress And I guess lack of peace in a lot of ways to Cancelled, right? Like to just like every week it being something new, whether it's you or it's me or it's whatever.


And it's the things we talk about. But then I have to remember that there will always be a week where I'm choosing peace. It has nothing to do with Cancelled and there's gonna be an Alex Cooper interview about something I said four years ago and like in a way it's Like I'm grateful for Cancelled to have a place to then like address it. Obviously first of all Alex Cooper starts off by reading her card and saying Tana Mongeau recently said, and I'm like, who wrote that recently? It's crazy. Like it was so long ago. And I did, I talked about this time with like a lipstick and Austin McBroom cheating and all of these things, right? And I actually, I had to start my day yesterday in 2025 by calling Jake Paul, which is just so funny. Like it was not on my bingo card And I was just like, can you refresh me on this time period? Like I don't really remember.


I was Like, I don't even think I was 21 yet. So this was like damn near like five or six years ago you were that No. 'cause I had you lived At at the Hype or the Clout house? No, I didn't. No, when I made the TikTok I did. But the, in the TikTok I'm talking about, oh, what happened when it happened? I'm talking about a time period of when I like, okay, like years prior, like this actually probably happened like five or six years ago. And so I mean essentially like, just to go back on the whole story, I was never close with Austen or Katherine McBroom. And I only had ever met them through Jake and like we did one collab with them and we like went to their house and we like whatever. And like obviously being close with Jake, I would hear a lot of lore about Austen and the things he was doing.


And also like this was, and you can attest to this obviously circulating all around la like everyone knew at that time how much of a piece of shit Austin McBroom was or just like, that's how people felt. And it would go around And I mean someone could detest me on saying this, but Like I even at that time with the lip liner was under a 100% impression due to situational things, things I hear people close to her Jake's relationship with Austen, all of it that she was fully aware of him cheating on her. And even when I would see her in passing, I would always kind of crack jokes like, girl you deserve better.


Or like, you know what I Like, I would just, you know, me and my sense of humor, Like I would be kind of deprecating to Austin when I would see therefore telling Catherine kind of how I felt and like whatever. And I don't know if she ever liked me, I don't know. And like anytime we would see them, she did just kind of seem very like disconnected and not interested, which also led me to believe that she was aware of the things that were happening and like whatever. And there's so much like timeline shit that I could do here, but like whatever time passes on. And then Austin McBroom is beefing with Bryce Hall and I'm team Bryce on God. I'm saying that I'm Team Bryce and then Austin McBroom starts coming at me. I don't even remember why he was coming at me, but he was coming at me.


And then that's what inside of me to make this TikTok. And at this point I am living in the clout house and like everyone, this is like when the nanny situations had already happened, like everything, like even like Cole Kerrigan and everything that happened where he Yeah. Which has now been, she, she said that she got validation that that's true by the way, I don't know that whole situation, I just know that, and again, my memory is so hazy from this time of my life. So I don't, I hate speaking anything like so definitively, but I'm pretty sure Cole got paid like he did. Yeah. And like allegedly. So then once again it's like she knew according like to how I felt and to everything and her And I were not friends at all.


I didn't have her phone number, I didn't have anything, you know what I mean? And so Austen's poking the bear and I'm in a very different era where I am just confrontational and insane online and he's saying crazy shit to me and about me to everyone And I make this TikTok. And I do think that I probably would make the TikTok today, but like also that was Team Bryce on God, the era and it, it lines up and it perfectly checks out. But I hate that people are taking this as like you're not a girl's girl because it's like where the fuck do I get off protecting Austen Mc Broome. Yeah. I would see her die. Like I've always said that I fucking, he is disgusting. There was no part of me that wanted Austen to like me. There was no part of me that was trying to keep anything from Catherine. There's no part of me.


I would sooner die. Like you've seen even just even after this I will continue to ride for her and her happiness and always have said like that she deserves better than that man. And just like he is, especially at that time was such a fucking diabolical human being to her. Yeah. So it's like to think that I would ever try to protect Austen, it's just Like, I guess obviously it's her fans coming to me and they're mad and whenever I feel like my fans know, there's never been a day in my life that I even remotely would support Austin brm over. So even behind closed doors, Like I would sooner fucking die. My ears are getting hot. Even thinking about supporting Austin Mc, Like I just, and like truly I knew so much behind the scenes of other girls reaching out and stories I would hear around LA that I think I was in a mindset at that time and always where I was Like, I don't think me reaching, and maybe this isn't true and maybe I was wrong for this mindset at the time, but I don't think me reaching out would have done anything because I knew so many people that had, And I knew what the responses looked like back And I knew that she was aware of these things that people were saying and still kind of, and that's not me shaming her for not leaving sooner.


Like you have to, that's such a hard layered situation. Like I don't, I think she left in her own time and devising an exit plan away from him. Money and Ace family and all that. Ha I can't even imagine how hard that was. Like I'm just saying I truly at that time felt like she knew and that like, it was Just kind of like everybody knows, we all know. And yes, it was like a TikTok obviously to dig at him. I I understand obviously both sides of it because like she was like caught, caught in the crossfire, you know what I mean? Like yeah. It was like something that was supposed to be negative to him that she ended up Like I, I don't know, feeling embarrassed by I Agree. What did I, like she said in the call Herda like episode, she said, I wish she just brought it to me. And that's like, like kinda what you just said, but Like I feel like he would've been able to manipulate her into thinking that that was like, and I'd seen him do that with a million other situations And I don't have this girl's phone number and like, again, from everything that I've seen, even with the call stuff, everything, like I've seen her responses before.


I didn't think I would make a d and so I'm just Like, I think that if I went back in time, I don't know, I mean I would probably do things pretty similarly, but I do see now how it's Like, I was gonna say like, Like I don't know if anyone as big as me had spoken out about him being a cheater up until like my TikTok, but then again now I'm remembering things and people had been speaking out and it had been going viral so it wasn't Like I was breaking news either. And it's just like maybe It, it's hard sometimes for me to get an understanding of like what the, the general consensus is because our bubble is like, so, And that's why I called Jake because I was like, can you walk me through this time? And he was very much like, dude, everyone knew. Like everyone knew. Yeah. I was, I don't even think he was attempting to be secretive about it.


I feel Like I've talked about this openly. But I would go to Hyde and he would be like making out with girls at high. And when I say, and this was that long ago. This was 2021. 2020. Like, And when I say everyone knew, I'm also not saying everyone knew and she didn't, I'm saying like people were reaching out to her and she was responding and saying certain things like, you know what I mean? It's, it's, I've so been there though, like the person who's like just blindly delusively believing the man because 100% that's the person you love. It's the father of her children. Like, and That's, I like I'm with you on that. I'm not Like, I can't stress this enough. I'm not placing any blame on her. I'm just like clearing my name in the regard that I would never protect a man over a woman. Yeah. Like that is the thing. Like, and again, the way she has handled everything is with grace.


She is beauty, she is grace, she is Miss American race And I ride for her whether and if she doesn't want to like me for that, Like I completely understand and respect that. Like I'm not searching for anything here, but like there's not a part of me that would not be girl's girl in the fucking Catherine McBroom situation. Like I'm not siding with fucking Austin McBroom. And that's just like point blank period. Had you known or like had you had any concept of like, oh maybe she's doesn't know this. I don't think you would've ever made that 100%. Or if I thought it was like this new, like if I thought I was the fish on SpongeBob saying breaking news, A I wouldn't have done it. And b, had I not collected so much information over so many years about all of the different horrible things he'd done and her responding to them and just different things like, you know what I mean?


I would've maybe thought of myself as someone who should need to go tell her first. But I I, that wasn't my role in that situation. And once again, he was picking a fight with me and that was just me being petty team Bryce on God era. Yes. That's The the biggest attack on his character is like how he, how horrible he was in his marriage because it's like obviously it's a two person. Yeah, 100%. And that's situation and even then I was making that in like a, we write it dawn for Catherine, like, fuck you. You know what I mean? And it's just like, he's just So fucking nasty. It's so disgusting. Like, I mean I so I hate that you were even a topic at all because had, you know, not been, I feel like we would've already just been like so in on like this is the Gripping into like how crazy it's I know, I'm just so, I'm so ha like it makes me so happy to see her just fucking like fully going full fledged.


I Know. And like writing this book and just like looking so beautiful and free and light and like being like, yeah that's Laughing. Like she has like a sparkle in her eye again. Like the poor girl was like a hostage. That story about maybe I don't her taking her kid No, but like dead ass like, And I can't, I truly think that so many people, including myself, even like you're in that ace family situation like that is so layered and hard. You own a house, you have kids, you're filming it to walk away. You wanna show face for the kids, you there. That is so you love this person, like the story she was telling about taking the kid to get a haircut and then she like grabs the phone and cameras are on her.


And people like that is like genuinely like movie level fucking nuts. And even just like, again, we were saying this in the last episode, but how diabolical it was that he was also like forming emotional relationships and like all of the things he was doing was like level 10 diabolical. He's fu he's just disgusting and it sucks 'cause like people like that never changed. Like he will be that despicable, disgusting, a human being for the rest of his life. And you know what, that sucks for him, but she's free and I'm so happy for her. I will say he can literally kick fucking rocks for the way he's, he he, the fact That he said like get he Said on my daughter's birthday, like, yeah, your wife was pregnant when you were out fucking hooking up with a hundred girls. You dirty fucking idiot.


You piece of shit. Like actually, and like even just also him saying you wanna get your bag about her doing this, like call Her daddy, first of all is a, like, you don't make money on call her daddy. You go on call her daddy to tell your story. Like that's just, that's just it. Also, Catherine doesn't need money. Okay. Yeah. Like it it is, that is so crazy to even now like demean her finally speaking, speaking up about her truth. Yeah. To just like, just get to Like, oh she just wants attention or money or whatever. Like, oh my God. I've just, I just, I'm like, how are you actually actually ever going to say that someone just wants attention when you're Austen McBroom and you're like in an RV outside of the house on Snapchat hiring like flamenco dancers to come be in your RV for the thumbnail.


Like you wanna talk about wanting money and attention like that is so crazy. Like, Oh my god, if I ever see that guy it's on site. I know it. It's crazy. What else Did he say that was like so fucking, I don't know, I just, the Paparazzi is still in fact Team Bryce. Well not Team Bryce. Yes, it's team not Austin. Let me shut the fuck up. Like it's a true testament to digital footprint though. Like, as much as I am in my peace era, Like I did do so much crazy shit and I'm doing my best to just navigate it now. But it's so wild how far I am from the team Bryce on God girl that I once was and just like, yeah, it's not just Cancelled baby. Like you're, you've got 10 years on Cancelled and it's, you know, it's just, it's funny but Well 10 years from now we're gonna have to undo things we're saying today In this moment.


You know? It's so true. It is just like a forever game. And I totally like, even I like was gonna have a panic attack about all of this like the night before. 'cause I saw it like the night And I was just like, just go to bed. Like, you know how this goes. You're gonna receive some hate from the Ace family and like deservedly so and like it's gonna be okay. And like, you know your truth. And like my truth is that like from the moment that I met her, we've never been close or anything like that. But like I'm rooting for her from afar and still am regardless of all of this. Like, it's just like she deserves nothing but peace and happiness and like it, even though it all is kind of coming out now, Like I said, this has been something that we have known about and has been happening around Los Angeles and so many girls that we know have so many roles in this fucked up or girls that we knew I should say in this fucked up mess.


And it's, it's been like six or seven years of it hearing whispers about all of this. And it's good that it's finally coming out of her mouth that like he is a piece of shit and she is healed from it. 'cause it really was like, that was even just in the few times that we went there, it was like she just, he was sucking the light out of her and that's So sad. Yeah. And he doesn't have the opportunity to take another year off her life because Yeah, she's free. Yeah. And just like all of it. Yeah. Just like free to do whatever the fuck she wants And I can't even, I just like thinking about it all. It is so fucking nuts. Like what she had to go through in silence for so fucking long. I think genuinely, Like I wholeheartedly believe that cheating should be punishable by law.


I think I just saw a TikTok but it might have been misinformation. That's like becoming a thing. I did see a TikTok but you know, us, you know, just saying shit. But I do think like, just because Like I think first of all, if somebody cheats on me, just the emotional tur turmoil as it is, Like I should be able to sue for that. But then like what I do as a result of that emotional turmoil, I'm like, and She did handle All with enduring the people and that's your fault, not mine. Isn't that nuts too that she handled all of this with like beauty and grace? Because I'm really thinking about like, oh my god, the fucking level 10 arson level crash out that I would have if the, and she just, they just attest to Like, I Think she was numb by the time it happened.


You know, like at that she said that they hadn't like had sex in like four years. Like I don't think she, no one wanted to be with that man. Okay. And no one will ever wanna be with that man. Yeah. And but Even just the fucking, I can't imagine too, just beside the pain of someone that you love hurting you the fucking financial LLC property image PR channel owning nightmare that it also was to separate from like such a person that like has broken your heart and like shown you like true evil and kids, children. I think that cheating should 100% be punishable by law. Once you have a kid with that person and you're married to them, it's like, are you fucking, and it's just so is sad.


It's so sad that he can't take any accountability. He oh, that's what it was. He posted a thing, he was Like, I was gonna get on the mic but then I remembered the number one thing in my life is my kids like saying like he doesn't want their kid like the kids to grow up and see this like, you mean the consequences of your own fucking actions. You don't want your kids to grow up and see what you did. Oh No. And also Like I am sure there are family vloggers out there that do everything 1000% ethically And I do not have the knowledge on if Kathryn or Austen did everything 1000, I don't know. You know what I mean?


But to, to go and be like my kids, my kids. What about when you were like filming them every second of every single day? Like forcing them Yeah. And Spending their money on a jet. Yeah. And allegedly, I don't know if he was like forcing them to turn on for the camera, anything like that. I'll never know that. You know what I mean? But like you can't ride the ethical my kids high ground when like your kids were your click bait for like, like like you going on the mic. Like and that what really being the worst thing ever. What really bothers me about that is that he, in doing that, he's suggesting that Catherine is not prioritizing the Yes. Like she doesn't care what they hear or like And also where was your thought about your kids when you're like hurting their mom Like that absent He has no, there's no thoughts.


Like don't tell me you have thoughts. Yeah, that's so, Oh my god, it gets me so it Oh, oh I hate that man. I think, I mean obviously family blogging is like a way bigger issue, but I think that no person should be able to actually get, have access to money that was made off of kids. I feel like if you want a family vlog do it. Money goes to the kid at 18 And obviously also it's not like he, like he, he was buying super cars left and right, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. Like he's just like Elle has a Lamborghini. Yeah. And it's yellow and he's cheating in his bright yellow fucking Lamborghini like we see you. Yeah. It's just like so fucking sad and like yeah. I just can't stress enough that I have and always will be team Catherine like and any, I honestly, I just can't even fathom that there's even one person out there that is Team Austin and like, I mean that from the day that I Met them, there're, and that's how I know mental illness is still a very prevalent issue in our country.


And That's obviously why I was ever quote unquote team Bryce because I was looking at two people, Bryce Hall and Austin McBroom And I could actively say this one is much worse. Like, you know what I mean? Just like Not saying something Like, it's just like it's, it's so nutty. Truly just fucking nutty and Like I just wish nothing but the best and peace for Kathryn and just if anything I did at all caused her anything. Like I just, it makes me sad 'cause that was never my intention. And Like I, yeah We love her. We support her 100% and death to Austen servicing. And I do just wanna say like to Kathryn, it's like if I ever did anything that made you feel Like I was in defense of Austin in any way, I'm so sorry.


And obviously just who I was at that time and in my mindset and how flippant these videos and tiktoks and beefs and things like were, to me, I don't think I thought it all, all the way through like properly. And I'm so sorry for that. It's just like at the time in my mind I was so clearly against Austen and like was just Like, I don't even know like what where my head was at at that time. It's just Like I assumed that Catherine thought I was riding for her, but it's like Tana like there's, there's a better way to be riding for her and a better way to attack Austen for being like a piece of shit and whatever. And I Understand like in the moment though, like it's hard to differentiate between like big YouTuber drama like tea and like, oh this is like a real married Couple And I couldn't at all like that was like post Jake Paul era living in the hype house.


Like everything I, I say it all the time, I was just like a clout demon And I was hitting post on everything and it's like crazy to think how differently I would just handle everything I did at that time in my life now. And I just like, oh my God, it breaks my heart for Kathryn to ever think anything other than the fact that I was nothing but riding for her. You know what I mean? Because it's like from the mo literal moment that I met them, it's like, fuck this guy. Like, And I hope this girl deserves better. It makes me sad. And yeah, I just want her to know that I was definitely lost in my beef with him and like yeah, I guess just like talking about things that I 100% was viewing as public knowledge and like not fully accounting for the fact that like even if she is being silent or has responded to dms and was aware of things that were happening that like that could still add fuel to the fire and hurt your feelings And just like obviously seeing this TikTok of like Tana Mongeau just like saying this shit is like, it's not helping that situation and it's just like it's it attests to like who I was and how I was at that time and just like that entire team Bryce clout like that you hit the nail on the head.


It's like it was so hard for me at that time. I think to differentiate YouTube online drama and like people are still people even just like after all that wedding stuff. Yeah. Real people, real family. Like no one's really thinking about that when they see Ace Family now. I am. Yeah. I can personify them 100% Nasty Person. Gorgeous, amazing Mermaid angel 100 you're so, you're so 100% right. Like I'm just, And I think like knowing the way he was operating and beefing with me, I know I would venture to say this now to this day that he is looking at people as chess pieces and nothing is real and there's no emotion. So in my head I'm beefing with Austen McBroom And I'm just giving it back.


But it's like Catherine was shrapnel in that and Like I just, oh my God, it makes me so sad to think that just anything from I fucking love her and wanted nothing but the best for her and like, oh my God. Even just, I've never thought about it like that until seeing this interview. 'cause even in our last episode when we're talking about it, I'm Like, I would love to have her on Cancelled. Like I wasn't even Yeah because again it was so fucking long ago and it's just like, oh my god. Like I totally see how that just could like Also play A role in already hurting someone's heart that's already hurting and just like makes me sad. Yeah, I Agree. Yeah. And we love you Kathryn. We love you so, so, so much. And I always have, I always will regardless of anything.


You know what I mean? If she wants to be like, fuck that idiot TikTok posting clout demon team Bryce on God, stupid bitch for the rest of her life. I completely respect that and you protect your peace queen. But I hope you know that just, it was a very different time And I was just hitting post on shit. But always team Catherine just through and through just not executed as properly as it could have been. You know? I Agree. Yeah. We support women. Yeah. Just, oh my god. Speaking of supporting women, I wanna go on record and say I'm so proud that I have never publicly bashed Hailey Bieber as everybody else has chosen to do. Okay.


Because sometimes I'm, he like, it's so sad that I'm hesitant to come on this podcast and like declare my admiration for a Hailey Bieber because of the hate. Like people actually like send you hate for that like gross. But Yeah, and the fact that it's a versus thing like that, if you say you love Hailey people, we've said it a million times, people think you explain it, you know, Not, it's not a oh my God, I like those two things can be so individual from one another. But I, I say that because I feel like it's like a never ending cycle with Hailey where people go from, you know, we hate her. She's so creepy. Stalker whatever ear too. She is so amazing. She influences everybody. She is a billionaire. She's a billionaire. So, And Right now everybody's back on the Hailey train And I'm Like, I know.


And now they're like, so Last week you were evil And it's just so wild how society then see someone with a billion dollars and they're like, you deserve respect. Yeah, But shouldn't it shouldn't take someone's like husband like saying some crazy shit about them for you to like have empathy for a person, 100 Opinion in percent. And it's like, oh my god. Even Like I made a TikTok last week, so apparently I'm actually still the exact same person. I made a TikTok last week. Did I Regret? Oh like God, it, but I saw the SZA and Justin video And I stitched it And I was like, I'd Beat his ass. Yeah. And I was saying I'd beat his ass and like if my man and like if whatever. And then after further investigation I was like, damn, it seems like he is folding and on drugs and SZA was just trying to help him.


And then I just like got as the beli in me, I got so existentially sad. Like again, I don't know this man, so I don't know what he's going through, but it just like, it seems like his sparkle is not there and then it's like, damn, you don't know what she's dealing with behind the scenes with this person that she like fucking loves. Just trying to like have him be okay and be a father to their baby and be the person she loves and like, and just what he's going through. It's just like, oh my God, we don't know these people. Yeah, we don't know these people Heavy on, we do not know these people. And that's something like, I mean we can't really hardly even touch on because our whole lives and jobs like revolve around talking about people basically that we do not know. So I can't Like, I can't really hate on people for that too much, but I, you Know, but I'm excited as fuck to not have our paycheck eventually For that.


I know I'm, it's like something that really actually bothers me, but I hate, especially because like being on the other side of it being like, oh my God, so frustrating that like these people are so again, like flippantly making videos, like talking about things like that they don't have all the information And I'm like, oh my God, we have such a huge part in that. Like doing it on the other side. 100%. It's like every time I go to see stuff about us and be like, these people dunno us, it's Like I literally just spoke about Catherine McBroom for an hour. I've never had more than a 32nd conversation with her. Yeah. It's like even Like, yeah, no, I've had like moments where I'm like, oh my God, I just got talked about on H three, H three for 45 minutes and they don't know how to say my last name. Yeah. It bothers me. Like it really bothers me, but I'm like, fuck. Like we really do do that to people.


Yeah, I know. It's like, it sucks so much because I love you so much, but Like I am getting in this place where I am like really awaiting the ending of this contract for my peace. Like realizing that this is the final outlier in my peace era. Which is so unfortunate because when we started it, well we weren't peaceful when we started it, I guess. You know what I mean? Like just, that's what it is. It's like starting this thing as chaotic ass individuals down for the smoke fucking up our own life. Barney's beery it up, fucking pool boy the house down. Yeah. And now we're in this era where like both of us are so fucking peaceful and then like Yeah, there's just, I feel Like I don't have enough time to stand up before like something else happens every single time.


Yeah. It's just like Way, and even this episode is no different, you know what I mean? Like it's just, yeah, I'm so excited for you to be able to talk about food and me to be able to talk about mental health And I want fucking, whatever. You know, just, Yeah. Not even like necessarily permanently, I know we talk about this all the time, but like just, I want to take a beat where it's like my entire life isn't like all about me and like, or other people. I, I want it to be like fun and like food or personality based or like makeup or something that like doesn't, like people don't have a space to comment on in like such a like negative way because I you guys know I'm impacted by it 100%. It's like, yeah, I can't sit here and say that when this contract is up toward the end of this year that Cancelled this for a fact ending forever.


Because like, listen, like a year could go by or two years could go by. And if people really wanted it back or we missed doing it, Like I would be so down to Backstreet Boise it up and like Reunion. But I think that for both of our mental health and just ability to grow even further, you know, like it's just like, yeah, I just feel a little stagnant in my peace era because I'm still holding onto this like unpeaceful me too. And obviously by contract and like it's also scary. It's Like I was realizing the other day, 'cause you And I have like we've been really seesawing the idea of if when Australia is over, if we do a final US run in like October, November and like that it does align with the contract, theoretically we could do it.


Like, you know what I mean? But like at What cost? Yeah, exactly. Like just we've been to, I mean we did fucking 70 something shows like, you know, like the burnout and like all of that. And I was like, damn, I'm re because we sit in these big meetings around these round tables with all the suits and they're sitting here showing us these numbers that like The dirty door Fabulous. Yeah. That I never thought I would make ever in my life. And I love being on stage. Like it is not about being on stage and doing meet and greets and meeting our fans. It is about everything else that like encompasses all of that. And I was just really realizing that, I don't know, I think like, and I'm sure you can relate to this, but Like I grew up in a household with zero money and all of the things my parents fought about every single day was money.


And from a very young age, by five years old, I would think to myself like, money can fix this. You know what I mean? And then I obviously have no one to fall back on. You know what I mean? It's not Like I anyone did anything for me or Like, I know if this doesn't work. Just essentially what I'm trying to say is I'm realizing how deep rooted my like money and fear like derivatives are. You know what I mean? Just that it's like such a driving factor because I'm sitting here and I'm Like, I need the break and like, you know, whatever. But like, what if I couldn't make that in a couple years, but it's like at what cost? Yeah. Yeah. I have the same thing. Trust me, it is. I is something like when so much of your life is like, money is such a stressor.


Like I feel Like I, up until three years ago, like that was my number one thing that stressed me out the most out of everything in the world. And now same thing, it's like a scarcity thing. Like, not that I don't have money, but it's like you don't know how long this is gonna last. Especially like this career isn't like, yeah, This career also just does that to everyone. No, but it this, but like everyone in Hollywood feels that way. Yeah. And then I also, like you said, we don't have anyone to fall back on. Like, not only that, but like people are depending like so heavily on me and my job and my, I have full body chills. It is, it is just wild. Like I think about that all the time. Like if I really like Nobody eats. If I don't lemme tell you that much. Yeah. Like if I really wanted to fuck off Right now, I can't. Like there's so many people And I don't, people think that I like pay for my friends' lives.


And it's not that I don't pay for a single one of my friends' lives, but like employees and just commitments and contracts and all, you know what I mean? Managers and all of these things. And it's like good things will come from that period of time. You know what I mean? Where it's like, It's like throwing us in the water. Like, oh, you gotta, you gotta do something. Yes. And like, like find out what serves you as who you are now. You know what I mean? Versus like, what was serving you two years ago? You know what I mean? Just like even with sobriety and like, I've just been like really like really deep diving on mental health and even like spirituality and shit lately where I'm like, as much as I love to like also Kiki with the girls and talk about Hailey Bieber and talk about all this shit online.


Like there was so much more out there for us and so much more that we could do. And just so many more ways to feel fulfilled with our platforms. And I can't let like a big fat check from a man in a suit convince me to continue to go against my like soul. You know? Yeah. I think like too, there's there's long-term like forever lasting consequences to like, working yourself through like too much fatigue. 'cause Like I think it comes down to just, we're very fatigued. Like I think a lot of the people who watch us are fatigued of like, you know, it just, I feel like there's a point where it's gonna be like, oh my God, we took this too far and we did too much and as a result I have like, done this, this and this that I would've never maybe done.


Or like, you know, we've, we've blocked ourselves off from like a lot of opportunities that we probably could have like pursued had we not had this like, major responsibility. Yeah. I think, I think for me it's spirituality blocks. Like I'm really with everything I I'm thinking about that so much lately. Like even I have a friend in my life Right now who's been dating this guy who she doesn't like really, she's not like super obsessed with Right. And like, he's sweet and like whatever, but the connection is just not there. And I was literally talking to her And I was saying Like, I think back at so much of my life where Like I continued blocking myself from like my highest path because I was sticking to like either what I knew or what was comfortable or just simply what was no longer serving me.


And like it's, yeah. That's kind of where I'm at even with this book. I'm Like, I just need to be able to not have to worry about Cancelled all day every day to Like Yeah. Make room. Yeah, exactly. Make room and just, and it's so wild that there's even this Like, I don't know, like the fact that people will still perceive ending Cancelled as like something to do with the both of us. Like it's just like, of Course. But it does. Like it does. And that's not to say like it's a relationship problem or it's like, oh, we hate this. It's just Like, I don't know. It's hard. And there's like, it's easy to, you know, see it from afar and be like, well, you know, you just, you have to talk. But it's like the, the, there's so much more to it, I feel like at least, I don't know.


And I know you have a different view on it than me, but No, But I'm, I am starting to really, I think you've sold me on your view in a lot of ways, like truly where it's like, yeah, I love you more than anything and this has been the most beautiful fucking, like, insane chapter of our lives. You know what I mean? That Like, I have chills even just thinking about it, but it's like, there has to be that room to grow. And that's not saying that eventually we wouldn't come back and like, yeah, because I love our dynamic. Like that's why I ever was like, come sit on this fucking couch. You know? That's important too. It's not like so definite. I think a major factor of it too. We don't, we haven't said this, I don't know, or I don't know if we've said this, but like, if we were able to post once every month or something, I don't think we would feel the way that we do now, but it's just like, it's where we, we, you know?


Yeah. Honestly, like all of this shit is talking towards a contract that we both willingly signed. Yeah. And I, and I'm happy and, And I love, I love my job. I love this. I think this is like, I mean this most obviously the most special thing like we've ever gotten to do. I'm so grateful for it. I would never wanna have any other job. I don't wanna complain about it as if it's like, oh no. Like what was, yeah. It's just Like, I don't know. There are effects to your mental health that like a lot of people might not think about. And like, at least that's my number one driving factor is Like, I have to take care of myself that way because everybody is affected by that. If I'm going through it or if I'm not doing well, like every relationship in my life will suffer at like, my, my job will suffer. I will not be successful in anything. Like everything. Yeah. And it's even with the US tour, it's Like I, yeah.


There's a part of me where I'm like, we shouldn't take that because I don't want to even get into territory where our relationship suffers. Like, you know what I mean? Because I just love you so much and it's Like, I don't know. Yeah. I, I think that that's what it is. I'm just, I'm really like trying to go so head first into my peace and like Yeah. Further away from TikTok trauma headlines era, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I'm not saying it's still me. Like I'm not saying it still won't happen. And like, same with you, like your personality would still be showing him what you did. But this is like truly like Cancelled is stepping into the line of fire. And the girls we were, when we signed that contract, we were enjoying the warmth of the fire. Like we loved it, you know?


Yeah. There Weren't many consequences and there was not as much to lose. And like, it was so fun. It is still so fun. It's so like, and we're gonna look back on it forever and be like, oh my God, how fun. It's, we're gonna look back on it like college, you know what I mean? 100. Oh My God, that was so crazy. We were so fun. And You're, you're hitting the nail on the head too with just like, the audience is fatigued. Like I have noticed. Yeah. So like our sweet viewers that we love you so much. Like Yeah. I, I think anything can feel like beating a dead horse after a long time. And that's how the internet works too. Like, Yeah. It's hard too, like, like not to say like nobody wants to see me, but like there's certain people that like aren't excited to see me when I come on the podcast and it's Like, I don't want you to see me any more than like, yes, you want to see me.


Like I don't, I don't wanna be put in that position anymore. I don't want to be on this. Like Yeah. You know, I don't want you to have to watch me and like, no, but, but you know what I'm saying? Like, I do know what you're saying. And I also think that, I've been saying this since I was collaborating with Shane Dawson, I have been saying that the the number one key to internet success in so many ways. Like if I had to give you three things, it was fucking reinvention. I know. That's why I think I should get a Bob like reinvention. It's a, that's the Kardashian hack. You change your hair when you do something else. Oh, to distract, oh, Keep going. Reinvention. Didn't say that. See, I'll still be the same bitch, but I'm just saying is reinvention and authenticity. Right? Like reinvention and authenticity are the most important factors in my opinion to prolonging a long career in the spotlight.


Especially as an influencer. And I'm at this point here where I think that for the sake of both of our careers, reinvention and authenticity is very important for these chapters of our lives. And it, I am agreeing with the audience in almost the sense that it's like, it can feel like beating a dead horse and it's, we're ready for that. Like, I can't wait to come on a Brooke fucking tries thing show. And I can't wait for you to come on a Tana is talking about something other than Hailey Bieber show. Yeah. Like, you know, it's just Like, I'd love to like just get more serious too. Like not that same, not that we can't get serious, but it just like is not the nature of our show, honestly. And like obviously no one's coming here to think like we're gonna be talking about anything like insightful.


But I do Like, I don't you, I don't see my life as what it has been so far. Yeah, I Agree. And Like, I almost feel like at some point we've like kind of committed to a bit that we might not have committed to so hard had we not, like if we didn't have like a brand, you know, Business 100 Business Fucking percent that is Like, I couldn't agree with you more like the, just there's so much more like substance Yeah. To the life that we live in. Everything. That's, that's really where I'm I'm at. And you're so right about that. I don't know. It's just like, I'm like, shit. So should we not talk about Brittany Furin? And I know how fun. And then that's what I'm saying, like literally we have to then sit here and So kidding.


But like no shit. Should we try to talk about might as Well beat it into the ground while we're started. I mean, we'll be here until we and Until we aren't. Yes. And like, God damnit we love each other and that's just Like, I just can't stress that enough. It's, it's just about growing. I'm, You know, what I'm excited for and Like, I don't know, I feel like this is obvious to people, but like there's still some speculation. I think it's gonna be cool for us to like just just be friends. Yes. Because it's Like I, I compare Cancelled a lot to like having a baby with someone or like, you know what I mean? Like when you stop putting any effort into your marriage. 'cause it's like, oh, now we have this child that 100% And we just like parallel play taking care of this child.


Like, I almost feel like that we got really off track. Like We don't, I couldn't fucking agree with you more. I always say that. I'm Like, I can't wait to go get lunch with Brooke and get to be just like Tana and Brooke and like, our lives are so different and our opinions are so different and we love that because that's like our friendship dynamic and we don't have to agree on the, the creative of a photo shoot. Yeah. Or like a, like a thumbnail Or like, or a degree in general because Yes. We don't have to think about this third party hyper analyzing like, You know. Exactly. And that's, that's, I literally, if you told both of us to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, like our, the way we would both explain like our, we just, we have such different, so trying to get to agree like such different opinions on everything we've noticed how hard that is.


You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like how nice will that be to like not have to both water down what we want Yeah. Or something like that is so cool. Yeah. You know, I feel like it from the out the outside it can look like, oh, like they just, they sit down and have a podcast. But it is like this big business that there's so many like decisions in and like logistics and things that you can fight over that shouldn't be fought over. Yes. Like The amount of people who make a yearly salary and eat off of Cancelled. Like, we're not gonna come on and like talk about that 'cause it's boring, but it's like fucking true. You know what I Mean? Yeah. It's, it's a big business. I don't think either of us anticipated like how, like how it was like gonna be, you know what I mean? Was kind of just like fun. He, he ha ha when we sat down and like, somewhere along the way it became this like crazy thing that like outside of it, we haven't, like, we don't spend a lot of time together anymore.


Like, it just sucks. Like, Because, and it, it's also like even like a family channel or anything like that when you have to like monetize and fit this brand to like a relationship. You know what I mean? Like, it Like Yeah. It's like we come back from, We start moving different and acting different and talking different. It's like, yeah. And then we come back from tour and it's like we almost like wanna break and to go do our own lives, but it has nothing to do with the fact that we don't like love each other. It's just like we are like who we truly are in our hearts and in our heads is probably like 20% of what Cancelled is. But like when we go out on that flight and we like, are ready to tour, you leave everything behind and then you have to become 100% what that is.


And then it's like, oh my god that I, that literally, I was like, when I came home And I started like living my own life again, I was like, wow. Like, you know what I mean? And I'm just thinking even as well, it's like, it is just so interesting in so many ways. Like there's a part of me that wants to do more serious stuff, but even, or just like stand up where I'm Like, I am cracking jokes Stand up Where I'm cracking jokes about like airline foods or les out for the first time. I'm not having to like rely so heavily on my own life and my own Lawrence. Yeah. It's, you know, It's for me it's my own life. And other people, like anything drama, like that's not to say I will not be involved in drama. Like, Austin McBroom steps out one more time and I'm making a fucking whole fucking documentary. Like, you know what I mean? It's not that. It's just like when I don't, I don't know, I, I don't like to have to have a take on a lot of things that like we have to have a take on.


Yeah. It's so true. We Don't have to, nobody's forcing us to say these things. Yeah. But it's like you, we have this pressure to entertain And I almost miss the time where Like I could be Like, I want the smoke this week. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like it'd be now and again And I would talk about something that was really grinding my gears or have an opposing opinion against someone or like involve myself in something versus like having to, you know what I Mean? I will say I'm into rage bait Right now. That's my new thing. Tell more now. Just like for example, I posted a, honestly this is an accident, but I've been like just laughing at it because I posted a video the other day eating a fucking sandwich. Okay. Posted a video eating a sandwich and the filter that I use on TikTok and every single video is light foundation filter.


Okay. Okay. I'm so fucking sorry. I can't wait for AI to get good enough that people can wear glasses and only see me with light foundation filter. Exactly Right. But I had This filter, which is also, it is like the most minimally invasive filter. Not To Like I had this like the same icon is also like a way more extreme Bold glamor. Yeah. It's basically bold glamor. Yeah. Okay. It's not, but it is. And I posted a video with it and like the hate that I received, but it's like when it's something like that, it's like, okay, like you're losing sleep about me using a filter. And if you click the filter, it's like Breonna chicken fry has not made a video without it in months And people are just Livid. But like, nobody care. Like it's, you know, they, you just don't like me and that's fine.


But Like, I don't know, I, I'm into stuff like that where it's like you're mad at me for a filter. Like yeah, I'm gonna post 10 more times with that exact filter. You have to because I want you to lose sleep. I want you to be sick over it. It is So interesting where our society is at. Like how much, like, think about it, there's just never been a time in the world where people care this much about what other people are doing And it, Like I was saying this during and we never, this episode was La Boo Booo gate, so it's probably never gonna see the light of day. But in the beginning of the episode we had Paige on and Paige was talking about how she was receiving And I saw them. So I like anyone who wants to detest it, I saw them with my own eyes.


She was receiving hundreds of death threats about saying she did not like Leah Cat's yellow dress. I was going through my for you page And I was seeing videos with similar amounts of likes and views and similar comments as well. People equally as angry and frustrated with Paige for saying she did not like Leah Kat's yellow dress and for James Charles and Evan Johnson. And I was like, it is, it was so wild to me. Yeah. It's like this should not cause this level of outrage. Like where it like, Like do you get what I'm saying though? We have to have like there needs to be levels to it. Like you should care more about real human issues than somebody's dress or somebody's filter.


Like do you get what I'm saying though? Like how, because because then it's like desaturating or like watering down serious issues because people are just as up in arms about serious issues as they are about a girl saying she doesn't like another girl's yellow dress. Yeah. It's like the whole thing people say too with like cancel culture. Like when people get Cancelled for things that are so minor that it like takes away from like the cancellation of people who really deserve it. Yeah. It's so interesting. I saw Leah this past weekend in Vegas. How was she found? And she looked fucking beautiful. Her. Yeah. The AMAs. Yeah. Talk about it Like it was honestly I don't have much to write home about but I will Was it underwhelming? Huh? Was it underwhelming?


No, but I'll explain to you why I enjoyed it so thoroughly. So I was doing like a press opportunity, like photo thing at the AMAs at the same time as Janae was. And she looked fucking unreal, like a fucking Barbie. And then I was talking to her and we were just like complimenting each other Kiking. And then Leah called her on FaceTime And I just like popped my head And I was like, please don't hate me, I'm so sorry. And then she said, I don't hate you. And that was all I know but, And I get why she was, you know, no one likes to have their no outfit missed review. Yeah. I'd be like, don't bitch. Yeah. Like 100%. Like I totally see why she like left that comment. But it obviously did that in sight for Paige to get death threats, which is just what a wild world. And it's so funny how many times I don't think I'll ever learn that lesson about fashion reviewing.


There's a lot of lessons that I'm just gonna have to learn over and over again. But I can see that being mis misconstrued bad. Yeah. It's just that even when we were doing it, I remember I didn't like Emma Roberts outfit And I had to be like, please do not compare our career. She is better than me. Like please I know she's better than me. I just don't like this jacket. Like, yeah, I don't know. You know what I mean? If you caught it, I loved everybody's outfit. Yeah. Like they were Awful. But it is just wild. Like pretty much every single time in my life that I've like reviewed fashion, whether it's me or it's the other person, like someone just, someone gets in so much trouble and it becomes so worldwide and it's Like, I dunno if I'll ever learn, it's so fun. It sucks that having opinions is, you know, taboo. Taboo. No opinions.


But the AMAs now I'm gonna give a bunch of opinions. No, I mean I got invited and so obviously I always know too that whenever I'm getting invited to an award show that that means it's going to be influencer central down. Like I always assume in nowadays time that if I'm getting invited, so is Tara yummy, so is Jake Shane. Like, just like other people like that. And then people were really, I'm surprised I didn't really catch the smoke for that, but people were really up in arms that it was like influencer palooza. You know what I mean? Yeah. I never get to get my opinion on that because people don't like that one. But I'm very much on the, I don't understand why people get upset about that. Like why would you be upset that other people get to experience things?


At The end of the day, the only reason I'm ever invited or Jake Shane or like Atari Amir or whoever else is because of marketing, like these award show Higher up realized that social media is the driving power to now make these things succeed. And at one point it was television, so traditional media stars obviously converted to things being watched on television and an older generation. And eventually that stopped working. So they started inviting, you know what I mean? Influencers. So that their Instagram reels and their tiktoks of this event like do better. You know what I mean? Like Alex girl is There, I am Watching. Yes. And the, and that shows numerically. So that's why that's happening. People were being funny though. Like I saw someone, 'cause everyone wanted Taylor Swift to announce reputation there.


And I thought she was going to, that's I switched in the last minute to a black dress. Like I was like, let me just, I, And I really Like, I was hoping, and then I saw someone quote a video of James Charles on the carpet and said, this is where y'all wanted her to announce reputation. And I was like, ha. Like, and that's, I'm not even trying to get into anything too deep. That's just a funny ass tweet. I, I saw Jake Shane in the audience just going like this. I'm like, he's looking for Taylor, You know that he was in Vegas like Thursday, Friday he flies home, he wasn't gonna go to the AMAs. And then Renee Rapp calls him and is like, can you announce for me? And he had to like fly back. I was Like, I live the dedication a king for that. I was kicking it with fibula or seats were by each other.


And he was like, Don't flex on me. He was Such a sweetie. And it was, I got to see Sha boozy live in person. I didn't go up to him. There was one point where he was on stage and some girl from the crowd yelled, I love you Sha boozy. And he goes, I love you too. And I turned to Mcco And I was Like, I wish that was me so bad. And then everyone was tweeting me, like thinking it was me. And I was Like, I love that run with the rumor. Janet Jackson was incredible. How was J-Lo Honestly, and here's just me being so finger off the pulse, but I also think there is a different translation to seeing something live in front of you versus seeing something like on a clipper on television. Like I, I loved the opening number. Like, I was like, wow, this is Like, I Think that was the general consensus.


I think people were Like, I was seeing so many tiktoks of people being like, she reused these dance moves. This, this is boring. But Like I I saw someone saying she stole Kendrick Lamar's performance. No, it was like honestly iconic if she did. Yeah. I don't, I mean I just Like, I enjoyed it. I'm trying to think of what else I really enjoyed other than my main, my main thing, I didn't get to watch it, but somebody said that they made Alex Earl sound like a dumb blonde. Like, like whatever they wrote for her like was beneath like, it. I, people were mad because they were like, why'd make her sound like that? Like, she's so smart. I I know that she just said something about like her and Kai's influence. I don't actually remember the thing. Oh, okay. I mean I was just like, damn, she looks good and she's sang.


And also I have always said this presenting at an award show is the hardest thing on planet Earth. Okay. So whenever people get hate for it, I'm Like, I don't know man. You're in this room of all of either your peers but also celebrities and like everything. No, I'm forgetting how to read. I'm going blind, I'm going deaf. It is so much. And like we go on a stage for a living, you know what I mean? But I think it is so, so different. The teleprompter, the way that it, like it'll cut off and like, so your cadence can't be perfect. And even if you remember when I go up there, it's like you're blank. Like it's just, it's so got To be Nikki Glaser. Yes, 100%. She was really funny and just did so good. She Like, I don't know what she did. I think she Like, I don't remember she announced something.


But Nikki, if you're listening, please come on. Cancelled. We're about to be over. It's so real. Honestly, she's been texting me back and being nice about it and like maybe, who knows? I also have some crazy tea of someone that I think we might be able to get on Cancelled. I Okay. Bleep it because I don't wanna spoil it but bleep it. But like you're gonna die. Who? No, I know Away. No, I Know. Don't say that. And I don't know, but I just got, I just got some really positive texts today. Oh my God, I'm sick. Like I would be, I would, I'm, when I tell you I would not be able to handle it. Like the amount of substances I would have to consume to even sit face.


That's one of those actually I think I've said before that I'd never want to meet. Yeah. I never want her to become less magical. To me It's, it's crazy. I might have to stop you sit that one out. No, no, no, no, no. You could do it. You, you were great under the Pressure. I'm just sitting Here Like I know, but I'll tell you more about it off camera. I just had to tell You. Oh my God. Ooh. And I don't know, a girl can hope and dream, right even if it never happens. Who cares? But like really cool. My highlight of my weekend was Alex Warren. Dude, He deserves better than this podcast. I talked to him about it though actually. And he's, he's not upset at all. He was like, release it. We are going to release it and we will do a future one with him.


I just, I can't just Believe that that got vaults. No, not just that. But I can't be like, of course I can believe his success. He deserves all the success. But I was in Amsterdam And I just, I don't know what compelled me to look at his like Spotify, 43 million monthly listeners Alex Warren has Right now. He's 80th in the world And it's ordinary is officially a billboard number one hit. That's Insane. He surpassed Elvis for the number most or longest running number one hit by a male artist in the uk. I know. And like these stats are Okay. So I get dinner with him though, right. And he, he's on vocal, so he's using this app to talk for and being so funny and just, I mean, first and foremost, just the same Alex that I've known from day one, which I appreciate so much.


I think that anyone that I've ever been close with or friends with in his situation, I would say 60% of those people went Hollywood on me. And like it's the night before he's about to perform at the AMAs and he's like, we have to get dinner. Like I want to see Koa. Like, you know what I mean? Just like the same Alex. And we go and he's just being so funny with the voice translate shit. And he's like, whatever. And I'm not, I'm not exposing any of his tea obviously, but his life is crazy. And I don't know if I've ever, maybe a couple other people but where I'm just like move to tears for someone else's success like that. Like just like so fucking proud of him.


Like I remember the first time he brought his laptop to my house and showed me a song on GarageBand and said, I wanna do this. And honestly, I genuinely remember being like maybe sick to the vlogs. You're so good at them. Not because the song, just because of the influencer music trope and like whatever. And then obviously he kept showing me them and they're amazing and it's like, do it dub but just even just, oh my God, how smart he is. Even with the vlogs, how smart he is was with his analytics and how smart he is with social media. People Have that. I feel like you have that honestly, just knowing like what to do. But he makes me look like a fucking, like an idiot, like a lap rat. Like he's a genius. You know what I mean? Just like it's socra and his writing and just his story. Like it all being true.


So true. It's Even having to clarify like, and it's true is so Funny. Yeah, I know. And it's, it's fucked. But I just, him and ver like just he deserves it all and fucking more and Like, I don't know. Thank you. Just like so great. At one point he was using his like voice thing, but he was, he said something to me that was just so sweet that I like completely agreed with where he was saying at the time where he was being an influencer, most of the things that he did with everyone else, people would make him feel transactional. But when it was him And I, it felt like it was just an excuse to hang out with his friend. And I was like, that's really cute. I've always felt that way about him And I just like fucking love him. And then seeing him on that stage performing ordinary and then seeing people rank it as the best performance of the night.


And the song wasn't number one the night before the performance. And then it went number one that day. And like even just before, he's like inviting me to his green room like an hour before he is performing and I'm like eating his fucking snacks and we're all like cracking jokes And I'm just like, it's so crazy. I don't know, I just will always have like a very special place in my heart when people don't change. Like it's just like, 'cause it's so rare in this industry. Yeah. Like it's, it's literally like the 1% I feel like when like what's happening to him happens. Like people change, you know? And it's just Like, I love It. I love to see people be successful who deserve it because it's so often not that way. Yeah. And it's just very cool. I'm trying to think of anything else that really like, I mean it was KO's first carpet, Which was cool.


Oh wait, no that's not true. He did, oh I guess he walked, okay. He walked the carpet but he went to people's choice with us. Yeah. But he, yeah, like it was our first like, Like he was, he killed. Yeah. He's meant for this life. Yeah, I Know. I made it make a TikTok account finally. I know. I'm like, our kids have to go to college. Like let's just do it. My Miles said him and Mako or he and Koa like talked about it a little bit where Mako was like, maybe I have to lean in eventually. 'cause it's just like, yeah. And because it's like, it's even funny, I uploaded my vlog in Paris doing lots of things out and about. No, I'm just kidding. Oh my God. Have I known, been through enough? I'm actually, I'm sorry, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. But we uploaded that and everyone was Like, I didn't know he talked and like it's just like No, he has, he's so funny.


He's so funny. And like it's so funny. Like even someone was just like talking about like, oh my God, like him being mute and like whatever. And I was like, if you're dating Tana Mongeau, like you pos like you guys have to Be able to, you have to know that he has personality riff the camera is not natural to people. Yeah. Like people kind of forget that it's, it's very uncomfortable to like have a normal interaction with like the people who you're normally around with a camera. Like Yeah. Things just go different. And like over time he got closer with Jro, which I even think like made that helped. Yeah. Things help. You know? And just like, Although Chris filmed that, That's true. But still Even Like, I don't know how to explain it. Just like it's different like When you feel like it's Yeah. All your friends and stuff. But Yeah and just Like I can also imagine now as well, like I'm not saying Nicole was not 100% sure about me from the moment we met.


I think he was. And he is never done anything to lead me otherwise. But I can also imagine being like, I'm kind of scared to just go so into this and then it like follows me for the rest. Like, you know what I mean? Like I think that as we progress as well, it's like, well damn. You know what I mean? Like it's kind of just like free money sitting on a table. You know what I mean? And I think that even like the other day he was like showing me this some rapper, I forget like did a TikTok of like a day in his life and he's like, well what if I did something like this? And I was like, okay Anna Paul. I think it's a huge testament to who Mako is that you guys are two years into your relationship and he's never even thought about it. Yeah. So like, and it's been me like kind of pushing, I feel like you've been with so many people who like just capitalized immediately and they see like they have money signs in their eyes, you know what I mean?


And I feel like it's so clear that that is not Ma coa. Yeah. And that's just not who he is. So I think absolutely no shame. And if he wants to like fucking make a TikTok here. Yeah. And I appreciated that too because he spent the first year like obviously reassuring and showing me every day that he loves me for me. Yeah. You know? So then now it's Like I am pushing him to do it because there's not a part of me that thinks he does it. You know what I mean? So it's just, and like we are a, we are a team, so it's like any success. Yeah. It's Me comes Yeah. It's amazing for both of you. And I hate like when I don't know and like obviously like he can do whatever he wants And I would support it regardless, but like in my dream world, he isn't leaving to go do these hardass jobs all the time to, in order to like make the money.


Like I would rather be taking him. I know randomly. That's how I'm, that's how I feel about Bebe. I like, at a certain point I was Like, I need you to quit your job. I don't care what we have to do to make it happen. Like please because I need you there. Exactly. Like that's, and that's, that's what it was. 'cause these jobs, he would leave and he would be doing very cool shit, but very like hard long work and you know what I mean? I'm like, you could do a fit check theoretically and make the price of what you were getting paid for fucking five weeks in Telluride, Colorado. Fucking going in, you know? Right. And it's like, yeah. And Like I just, I would love that for him. But obviously whatever he is comfortable with and he is just beautiful and funny and sweet and Maco Needs to be in a quick silver ad. Yes. Like come on. And so talented.


Just all of the sports like so athletic, like And he's so smart. Yeah. Like, I mean everyone kind of knows Mcco is smart, but Yeah. But even just to showcase that more even that I could see us like, 'cause our dynamic is so funny in the sense that he is always like, even just, you see a little bit in my, in the Paris vlog where he's like, I'm trying to buy a $1,200 shoe and he is discussing, he's talking The practicality what, you Know? Yes. And that is just who he is through and through. And that's what makes our relationship so amazing. Like, he's helped me grow in so many ways in that way. And it's so, And I almost feel Like I do kind of make him be a little more like, fuck it. And like, you know what I mean? Why Am I gonna cry? I don't know why. I mean, yeah. It was a fucking mess before the man, you know?


And it's beautiful. We love maa. We do love Maco so much. And but same with you. It's, it is just like so nice to see us in these eras where we are with people who do nothing but make us better. Wanna see us win, have no ill intentions and Yeah. You know what I mean? That we do cute shit with I saw a comment, but you know what, let me just stop talking about hate comments. Yeah, I know. 'cause you were like, Well some, okay, fine. Stop begging someone, someone, someone commented on like one of my videos and was like, you're giving the same energy you had with Clinton in the videos and Oh my God, I have never been more offended by any comment in my entire No, she's not. Like, Because if there's one thing I could not possibly be in more opposite a relationship than I was with, And I will sign the document on that.


Oh my God. Like, I don't know, it's, it's hard. I don't have a good track record. Okay. It's like you look at me and my relationships and you're like, this bitch cannot choose a man to save her life. Like, so I understand people's like hesitation. No, but he like, it is like absolutely crazy. Just not only the way he loves you, but the way you guys riff. Like, and just like, he's So funny. He's the funniest person in the world and just like, And just like, like truly like his patience with you. Like his ability to navigate your emotions and mood and make you better and Make Yeah. He, he makes me where I'm at And I don't have to like, like really adapt and that's hard for me to do. I I have to like completely, no, Even like Ray and Emma were ta like, the people on our tour were talking about how much they can see the way miles like affects your just overall like nervous system.


And He does. He's like, yeah, it's that, that's exactly what it is. It's like a nervous system thing I feel so like Yeah. Which therefore makes you like Yeah. Nicer, happier, all the things, you know what I mean? Like in, in the best way. Like, and it's just like so great. You know, he's best. Aw, that's cute. You were at the AMAs. But we had, we had BB and Paige over for Bologne night, which is actually, we're about to have to get a bigger dinner table. We actually don't have a dinner table, but Paige is about to have a boyfriend. Bebe, by the time this episode comes out, has a girlfriend. And I can't wait until we're allowed to talk about that. We are, We are. They were, they were gonna hard launch today.


They called what? Yes. They called me this morning and they were gonna hard launch today. I like, yes. But like, can we say the name? Like Can we, I don't, I don't know if we should say her name yet, but she, God, what an icon. Here's What I'm going to say. She's in the Cancelled universe that, Thank you. I was literally, that's the exact words I was going to say. By the way, this person is in the Cancelled universe and had a very big play or very big role in one of our biggest, most viral moment. She Might be the reason we're sitting here today. She 100%. Like, I'm not kidding. I mean, can we say that? I feel Like, I don't know. I don't know if she'll like that we say that.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Whatever. But anyways, and we love this person and both of us, and I've just all, she's so talented, so amazing. She's a great, like we love this person so much. But it's funny because it's Like, I don't know how to explain this. Like Bebe is finishing the story. Yeah. She's really tying, she's tying up loose end. I was calling her an archeologist for like digging this up and like discovering Like, I don't know how to explain it. Like it's just, and it's crazy because it fits so perfectly. Like I wish you could almost go back in time and tell us so long ago that this person would end up dating Bibe and that would be the, the finale to the Story. Well, every little aspect of that time period, like that exact time period.


I'm crying over Joe, who Is A close friend of my current boyfriend who I will marry. Like all of it was Like, I wish we could be like, no, look how different everything looks three, four years from now. I know. It's So crazy. And I'm so excited for Bebe because I really do just, I love this person so Much. No, And I was really apprehensive always for Bebe to date a girl. Yeah. 'cause I, I'm just a jealous friend in general And I was like always afraid that if she got a girlfriend, like she wouldn't wanna hang out with me ever. Yeah. And, and now it's this person that, you know, that's amazing. Who I Love and who I know will get around along with my boyfriend, so well yeah. Really excited. Do you wanna talk about Tana Sutra or No? Oh my God, yes. I have that written down. Oh my God. Oh my God.


It's so funny because originally I wanted to start the episode with talking about Tana Sutra. Oh my God. It's, well, it's, it's also so funny. It's so layered. I originally was going to start today's episode before I spilled sriracha all over my merch and before that call her daddy came out. And just all of the things that ended up happening and like whatever with talking about, and this is the most entitled rant ever. Okay. It is so entitled, like actually, Like I understand if top common is like Tana jump off the umpire state because it is so entitled. But I am at this point where I am. So, so, and I've said this before so I'll, I'll keep it short, but I am just so defeated with the fact that I cannot get a chili sponsorship to save my life.


Like, I, Like I wake up every single day to my mentions on TikTok. Like I would say 80% of all of my mentions on TikTok, maybe not 80, maybe like 65, are chilies related or chilies related. I have girls coming up to me on the street asking me for my Triple Dipper order. I'm by Chili's Merch And I wear it. I fucking, I live, breathe and die. And every off chance of me and Tricia filming, not Loveline, I'm ordering chilies. I'm known as the Chili's girl. I every Chili's video on every platform, it's all I get tagged in. It is so crazy. And then I see these influencers who I know would never order a Nashville Hot Mazda fucking Triple Dipper. I get these sponsorships And I just, and it's so funny because I don't even want the money.


I want the acknowledgement. I want the validation. I don't, and And I understand that it's also Like I made my own bed And I have to lie in And I may never be as brand safe as I want to be and that's totally fine. But I'm in this era where I'm like, come on, like if you're willing to sponsor like a brand flakes, like we talk about the same things. Like just please why they were sponsoring Ken Uric. I feel like her And I are very similar with who I am now. Like I used To have a chili sponsorship And I, what I will say is they stand on business and they're very serious about their standards because they did publicly denounce me and had to release a statement saying they don't fuck. And I've, and mind you, I've seen all of the like other people who do them, like how they go and they, they do take it very seriously.


And I understand completely. Even just like they follow me on everything. I'm Like, I think I DM them And I was Like, I would literally do anything for us to please work together. They just liked it. Like, I'm just like, come you don't even have to pay me. Like I'll pay you actually I'll pay you if you Just left. Just put hashtag ad. Yeah. If you just, no, but if they just approve the FTC disclaimer, Like I am just like, oh my God. And it's so funny because then Alex Earl, I am like scrolling And I see this video of Alex ear going, Tana, and I'm like, Tana, like what did I do? Oh my God. And it's called Tana Sutra and it's for Hawaiian Tropic. And obviously I'm like, so in my like Hawaii And I use Hawaiian tropic all the time. I am Hawaiian tropic and it has nothing, obviously they're gonna, if I was Hawaiian tropic, I would also pick Alex Earl, her, the bikini body, the sports illustrator.


I get it completely. She's doing the split. It's just, it's so funny that it's called Tana Sutra. Sorry. Keep Going. Oh yeah, we have to, we have to, we have to talk about that too. Yeah. My whole mentions over the past entire week has been getting tagged in Tana Sutra. Like, I Just got stabbed in the heart. We will, we will be address addressing that as well in a second. But yeah, all my, all my tags are in this Tana Sutra ad that she's doing. And there's not a part of me that thinks I would've ever gotten that. It's just funny that it's my name And I love Alex Earl and you know what I mean? Like, No, we live for Alex Earl. But I do have to, like, when I was looking at it, I'm thinking to myself like, there are so many people that this would've had to like cross the desk of for it to have gotten all the way out to the world.


And nobody along the way was like, Tana. Yeah. And I, I just, but I do get that. I'm definitely, no, I'm not Saying Like, I'm not even saying like they had to have you on it, but it's like they could have called it something else. Yeah. Kaa Sutra. But like tanning also Like I Know, but it, it's, it's not tanning. It's Tana And I. Yeah, they could added a second end Everyone. It wasn't just us. Like all the comments were like, wait, No, it's, it's my whole tag. Like it is. It is, it is. And it's funny 'cause Tana is T-A-N-N-A and TA NNA is Tana, we've had that debate forever. So then it being Ta n And I was like, you could iPad the second. No, no, but like dead after like Yeah. Tana Yeah. Should have been T-A-N-N-A.


Yeah. Because LA is Lana and yeah. Fanatically. But, or but like Banana. No, let me just, or like Nana, I guess I didn't think about that. I don't, dude, she deserves it. I'm not even coming for Alexes deserves Everything. But it's funny because it, the getting my mentions getting blown up in this, this should have been Tana Mongeau tags for the Tana Sutra thing is just still fueling chilies. Fucking just take a chance on the girl. I won't say a swear word. I will pay you. Like I, it's just, and it's getting to this point, I just ordered this chilies hat and I'm like, do like, Yeah. It's, I'm getting bitter And I so passionate about something and see other people live out your dreams. Yes. And, and I'm just seeing these people who I do think, like Father Kass doesn't go to Chili's.


I know she doesn't. And like just who I am now. I do think like if they're sponsoring Ken, like our brands are kind of similar, but I get the pa I made my bed And I have to lie in it. And I sound very entitled. I'm sitting here saying I deserve a chili sponsorship. It's like, actually you need a muzzle, but like, please, please. No, I get it. It all comes down to like, you know, conversion. Like you have a really crazy conversion. Like there's no doubt about that. Like when you say you love something and we are so passionate about something, people go out and buy and they spend money and they have orders. You know what I mean? They go to Chili's. And that's, I guess that's what it is, is when I see every single day a thousand mentions of like went to Chili's and got Tana Mojo's order, I'm at Chili's. I feel like Tana Mongeau, Tana Mongeau made me love Chili's.


I'm like, I've already, it, it almost is kinda like the makeup talk thing. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's just, you know what I mean? Like even on their videos, I'll see top comments about me a lot that it's like, but it's a major corporation And I am no a toothbrush team. Bryce Poor. You know what, never say never. You know who's the best testament to this ever is Trisha. Trisha has every opportunity in the world that she very much, in my opinion, deserves. And it didn't just happen overnight. That's true. It is true. And I just, I need to stop. 'cause it really is, it's like, who cares? Like, I'm literally sitting here saying I would pay for it. So it's not like it would be this like insane. No, I understand though. Like it's not For the money and it's, and then it's just a pride thing and it's like, who cares?


Just go get your Triple Dipper and the people who love you do associate you with chilies. And that's the same thing, if not better, knowing that I have all of these like beautiful girls, gazes and na who are Like, I wanna go try her food order. Like that's the thing I should be grateful about, you know? Yeah, I Agree. But I mean, a little check wouldn't hurt. We Have to talk about how I am always saying I'm a psychic, but you, But I am a psychic And I don't feel like I'm getting enough credit for this. I mean, I feel personally responsible. No, I'm kidding. But I, I did predict Alex Earl being on Dancing With the Stars. Okay. And this is one of those things where it's like, okay, like the sky is blue, like no shit she was gonna be on Dancing With the Stars. Mm. But at the same time, like when I tell you I was having premonitions, I was waking up night sweat.


I'm so excited for her. First of all, Alex Earl's a good dancer. Mm. I feel like people don't talk about that enough. Alex Earl is a good dancer. She's, she's got the faces. She's got every, like, she's gonna slay dance with the down. I pray to God that they put her with a good partner. They will. Of course. They'll, yeah. But, and just like the outfits and like also just the smartest move on Dancing with the Stars. Get ready with me for this. Get ready. Like all, it's, It's genius. Oh my God. Genius. It translates like, it just does. So I know pe so a lot of people like, same thing with the award show stuff, where it's like pe some people are like, oh my God, it's not influencing or dancing with the influencers. Like it's, yeah. But it's like, if Harry Josie did it, you can let Alex Earl. Yeah. And like, and it's just, Yeah. Talking numbers. Like Alex Earl is, she's just one of the most famous And like, people Yeah.


Like wanna just like demote her to an influencer. But in my opinion, Alex Earl is like, Alex Earl's a traditional media celebrity at this point. You know what I mean? She Is, she's the numbers show it. Okay. And whether you wanna believe it or not, it it, that's just, And she is, you're so right. Like dancing outfits. She is the perfect, flawless Fit. She's so for it. She's gonna be so good. That being said, I'm seething with jealousy. I love her. I don't wanna go and dancing with Star so bad, maybe in 10 years, but oh my God. Never say never someone, if someone's gonna do it, it needs to be Alex Earl. And you Keep manifesting and don't let this stole your sparkle. I am so excited for Alex. I do also really, really want to see Miss PTIs.


That was my, that was gonna what I was gonna say next. It should have been Alex and Tricia. She would be so good. So entertaining. Yes. Oh my God, I need to see it. And Just adding to that manifestation, like lore and just, and the Broadway of it all. Like it is so on brand. Yeah. And just the shows like, oh my God, I'm excited. Oh, I need to see it. But I would, I would've loved for them to both be on the season, same season, but obviously, God, it's so funny how Dancing with the Stars is so many people's dreams. Like literally I'm sitting across from someone and I'm Like, I would 100% do it. Like, it'd be like, so fun and cool, but Like, I would be out by episode one. Like my lack of rhythm and shit. No, I feel like it comes down to like effort and like people like, you know, it, it's boats.


So like a lot of it's like not that fair in that regard. Yeah. No, it's still be out by, I'm excited for her. It's demanding as, fuck. It like ruins people's lives and relationships. So I'm eager to see how she makes that work. But if we will know one thing about Alex Earl, it's that she's gonna fucking make it happen. I know. She's gonna act like it's the easiest thing in the world And I can't wait to watch. Oh my goodness Is, wait. We love you. Should we end the episode? Oh my God, yes. Wait. Coming you guys, Kayla Malick, I think is in the building and we are about to go in. But we love you so, so, so much. And we will talk to you on the next episode of the Cancelled Podcast. And this one we're about to film is about to be crazy. We love you. Yay.