
You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. Oh my god, we have Kayla Malick in the building. Hi. And I'm So, Oh my God, I'm so happy you're here. I'm like still trying to process this. It's like the second we started recording. I'm like in a shell Right now. Wait, okay, wait, I'm good. No, and you're fine Dad, We're so excited. Excited. I'm so fucking excited. I'm so excited to have you. And this is long overdue. She told us right before we started filming that you had this on your vision board And I was like dude, like No, this is the one podcast I watched this and then not LA Flying. Yeah. Onia book Like I Love You first of all. I love you for that. And it's crazy because we were talking a while ago And I wanted to have you un Cancelled like forever ago and we were gonna do it when you were doing the makeup, like people doing your makeup.


Thank God we waited. Yeah. Oh my. I know. And it's crazy how much ends up like happening And I still wanna do something like that, like something light and fun but I was just like, oh my God. 'cause even like, And I don't even know where I wanna like begin here because there's so much to unpack, but I mean I first of all just wanna say, and we talked about this on Cancelled like already so forgive me for you know, just harping on this. But Like I am so proud of you. Thank you. Truly. Like I just, I always have thought that you are so authentically yourself and that is such a beautiful thing And I know how hard it is to like sometimes really talk about something that is so close to your heart and like share it to the world. And we were talking about it a little bit in the beginning, but even since You And I had that conversation in the beginning, so much has unfolded and it's like, it's just so special to me that you, and you've always been like a marketing genius first of all.


And not this is just marketing, but I'm saying that you were able to turn something so unfortunate, somebody else's actions that were so horrible into such a beautiful movement and Like, I don't know, just the amount of women who I feel Like I've seen in your comments who are like, you've encouraged me to leave, you've done this. Like I hope you feel so fucking proud of Yourself. It's like scary. 'cause I get emails even now and that video was posted almost two months ago of people like sharing their story and like it's, I don't even know how to like put it into words, but it feels like a weight but in a good way because it's like I'm so honored that people feel comfortable to share it with me, but then it's Like I don't ever know how to respond to it 'cause it's Like, I don't even know how I'm dealing with it yet, but it's Like, I don't know, it was scary.


It was so scary. And it was like the world was working against me when I was posting He Doesn't Love You because I spent like, oh my god, I filmed that video for six hours and there was a part, one part to it was supposed to be just like one whole video. iMovie crashed, lost all the files, had to refilm part two and then YouTube uploaded the wrong one. It was like actually like a shit show. Like it was a shit show. And I was like, ooh, That is the worst. First of all, let me tell you something, I'm crashing out about Final Cut Pro or YouTube. No fuck that. Once a week. Once a day. It is just something is always going wrong. So I feel you on that. No fuck that. But it's like, it's very cool that you prevailed and even just like threw that like got it all out there. And I even just Like, I feel like people don't often take into account the fact that you then had to sit and re-watch that in the edit and That is what sucked.


'cause like even at the end with like all the videos included of like the actual abuse happening, I had never rewatched those videos and then I had to to sit and put it into the video. So I'm sitting there like put rewatching those videos, putting it in and then having to look back at exact dates and times. And then like once it's posted it's like to have to relive it again because it's getting clipped and people are commenting about it And I'm like so happy 'cause I'm so happy that it did what it was meant to do. 'cause I was like, if I post this and nobody sees it, I feel like it didn't do what it meant to do. Like to help other people and to bring awareness. But then even when it like did what it did, it was just stressful. 'cause it's like holy Shit. Yeah, It's, it's heavy. It's so heavy and like yeah it was a lot. Especially 'cause like for the past nine months I had been posting this dude every fucking day and it seemed so perfect and that's something people like brought up And I get tagged in my old videos, it was like, but you look so happy in this.


And I was like, holy shit, what I did. Yeah. And that's like what spiraled me, like seeing how good I faked it. Yeah. And it's so easy to, like sometimes in that situation that's a coping mechanism to try to keep the peace. And it sucks that even societally like you are having to deal with people like trying to rebuttal you or even the fact that you felt like you had to include these videos because like what if people didn't believe just my word? Like you know what I mean? And That's what actually like makes me wanna cry is the fact that I know for a fucking fact if I did not have video proof or picture proof, nobody would've believed it. And I know I Know it. That so sad dude. It's, I Feel because you see it happen to so many people and that's what sucks. And especially since like y'all talked about this on like a few episodes ago where it's like she's annoying but I feel bad for her.


I feel like if I didn't have the videos it would've been like, oh, but she's like annoying on social media. So like, is she just doing this for clout? 100%. And that's Like so insane to me. It's so insane to me that like people sharing their trauma, people being vulnerable, what you did was so fucking noble, so fucking hard. Like so hard to do. And then it invites all these people to like fucking think that they can then just critique your personality. Well Have anything negative to say in a scenario like that when they know, especially just like what you've been through. It's like how, Yeah, it's like, yeah, How, How the fuck do you watch a video of somebody like, and the videos that I posted genuinely had like one or two edits in them. The second part of Like I, he doesn't love you part two, no edits.


Like I stopped. It was so clearly authentic. It was so authentic, so vulnerable. And I've like, it was the hardest thing I've ever posted. And then for people to have the audacity to be like, well you were annoying in the past. Like what frustrat who are you to comment that? Like, that's Perfect victim. Yeah, I just, 'cause now it's like, oh she's dragging it. It's like all about, hold on, turn My runner off. Sorry. Whoops. No, you're fine girl. You're booked and busy as you should be, as you deserve. Okay. Like I so Don't subscribe to that concept of like, like dragging it on or like, oh she's still talking about The fuck. Like let it Go. It's like if something that horrible and that like life changing happens to you, you should be allowed to talk about it for however long you need. You know what I mean? That's what I'm saying. Like, And I responded to people, I was like, oh, I was crashing the fuck out.


I had a bottle of wine And I was on my phone and this stupid fucking bitch, Jennifer, I think her name was, she was like, bro, she saw some shit like, oh you're dragging this on. I was like, fuck you, your boyfriend cheat on you in sixth grade and you're still going on about it. Like fuck, that's the thing. Like I find Jennifer's family I'll, I'll send it to the Mom. Oh they're doc like yeah, No it is, it's because it's fucking nuts. That is the thing. Your Daughter's doing this. Yeah, She has an l far under her pillow babe, go check. Yeah. Like fucking Exactly though. It is so crazy. And it's like if these people had the horrible things in their life, these to like aired out to the world, you know what I mean? Like they probably wouldn't be able to handle like you are handling this with just like, even now, like it's not like a lot of people would probably also maybe drop this and like fall off the face of the earth.


And I think it's so dope that you're like, no, I'm gonna fucking keep podcasting And I am quote unquote drag as You should drag It, drag it the fuck on. Like yeah, it's so like, 'cause I, I was like, okay, what do y'all want me to do? Okay, I got, I got my shit rocked for nine months. Let me just like do the Renegade tomorrow. Like are you actually serious? And it's Like, I have since I started social media, as annoying as it was. 'cause also Like I grew up online in a way. 'cause I, I started when I was 15, so it's like I've always documented everything. So what do I look like dropping this heavy information and then healing offline and then going online, like get ready with me. Like that's dumb. Also just how many people you are helping by documenting your healing process as well.


Like again, Like I, no matter how you handle it, I think it's beautiful. If you did wanna just make get ready with me, I, I would still be like, yes bitch work. Put that blush on. Right. You know what I mean? It's just like the fact that you are saying like, look like this is still affecting me. Yeah. And this is so I just had to go to court and I'm now, I'm worried about these things and I'm whatever. Like you are being so real. And I think, but also inspiring people that you can be multifaceted and life can heal because there might be these moments of weakness, but there's also these moments where you and Jacob are like sitting on a couch and laughing and making jokes and that's Beautiful. Exactly That And that's the thing. It's Like I just want to be able to like, and I'm trying to focus on the people like, oh this is helping me instead of the oh, she's dragging it and it's just like, it's so hard to be the perfect victim.


And I'm pretty sure Brianna Chicken Fry talked about that. Like I was just thinking about it when you said That. She's like, oh, you can't be the perfect victim. 'cause it's like, and then even if I did move on from it right away, they'd be like, oh, so how are you just not caring? Yeah. It's, that's not affect you that much. Right. I just think like, people sometimes forget that they have the ability to scroll. Right. And like, it's like if you don't wanna see it anymore, you don't have to see it anymore. But there are a lot of people who, who need to see it. Right. You know what I mean? Like, 'cause it's not, it, it doesn't just go away. Like it's not like one day you're like, oh that happened, it's over. No, Literally. And that's the thing, it's Like, I know for a lot of people it's probably heavy to keep seeing this shit on your free page, which is like I've talked about, Like, I know it sucks. You go on my account and it's like deep like kind of sometimes depressing things, but it's like that's what I'm going through.


And if that's, And you're also helping somebody That exactly, like somebody needs to see that somebody's going through the same thing. And then like this one, like volleyball coach made a video and she was Like, I coached these thir 13-year-old girls at this middle school and they watched your video and she was like, it really brought me to tears because now they're 13 knowing what DV is and what to look out for. And I'm like, that's exactly why I am doing it because truly, and I've said this a million fucking times, if I saw that video, if somebody else had made that video posted it And I saw that five months ago, I would've left. Yeah. Because I would've known it wasn't normal. But I felt so alone, so embarrassed. So like, is this real, is this normal? Because like when somebody can make you feel so low, but the next day like, 'cause I remember the day after he had rocked my shit And I I love your usage.


Honestly. I love your use rock. It shock me every time. I know I feel so bad. No, no, no. But you're me, like, whatever you wanna say, you're me. Like I'm, I'm that bitch where I'm coping with it. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's Like, yeah. After he like rocked my shit in Hawaii. I'm not lying A double down. No, Please laugh. I just love you.


Spring is in full bloom on DraftKings Casino. New offers and promos are sprouting up daily. Right now new players can play five bucks on ANYTHING and get 350 Casino Spins INSTANTLY on a featured slot game. Download the app and sign up with code Cancelled. Take the featured slot for a spin and explore thousands of others in the DraftKings game library. Check back daily to claim the hottest offers and promos on DraftKings Casino. The Crown is Yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER In Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCPG dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically present in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Connecticut and Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only non withdraw Casino Spins valid for featured game only and expire in 168 hours. See terms at casino.draftkings.com/promos. Ends June 22nd, 2025 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time. Thank you DraftKings Casino for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Bubba Wallace here from 2311 racing. Funny thing about being fast, you end up waiting a lot. First to show up first in line then just waiting me, I rev up Jumbo Casino with over 200 social casino games. No slow lanes here. Why sit around when you can spin. Start your, I'm already racing your turn Play for free@jumbocasino.com. That's Chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford we're prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Asked, We like went on the beach and we were talking and he like deadass. So like imagine this man's doing all that. The next day we wake up and he grabs my ring finger and he's Like, I'm gonna put a ring on this, that white picket fence house. Like I'm gonna marry you. Like you're gonna be Kayla Johnson. So it's like, okay, I'm gonna forget what just happened because Becomes A trauma bond. It's like you get Yes, you, you are so Like, I don't know, the negative feelings are so strong that it almost like when you come back together it feel, you feel closer. 'cause you just like want to feel that so badly. You attach yourself to that feeling. Yes. Oh it's, it is a drug. It is. It literally is a drug. And that's how so many people get caught up in abusive relationships for for years and years. Yeah. Because it also on day one, it never starts like that. And it snowballs and it is, we always talk about this, but a toxic relationship is arguably sometimes a harder addiction to break than like a drug addiction because it's those lows of no dopamine and then the serotonin and dopamine when you seek the approval and the whatever.


And obviously also like we're all just girls who want someone to love us and you know what I mean? Right. Then you would develop this attachment to like, you know what I mean, just this person. And it is, it's that dopamine and that rollercoaster addiction. Like I found myself in so many toxic situations for that reason for so long. And it's, it is just wild. And it's unfortunate that people like him also prey on that, you know, and like know, like know what they're doing. Yeah. You know, He knew what he was doing the second I met him and it makes me so sick And I can't blame myself for not realizing, but like from the day I met him, he knew what he was doing and then he, we were, he went to jail. Like, so when we met I met him in Tennessee and then I flew back down to see him again and he had a court hearing for probation violation.


'cause he's a fucking dumb ass. Like, like what the fuck are you doing? Put the fucking bottle down when you're driving. You idiot. Yeah. And so he gets sentenced to jail for 22 days. We're calling on the jail phone every day for 22 days. And since the day he got outta jail of us knowing each other for maybe a month, we were together every single day until we broke up. Probably also just latching onto your light, latching onto your success. And that's one thing latching onto this Brennan, one of my really good friends, he brought this up to me and it's when I started to realize, oh this needs to end. He looked at me, he was like, Kayla, he fucking hates you. Everything you love about yourself, how you could talk to people, how you, you are just like, you're a talkative, optimistic person.


He fucking hates. And I realized that like he hates everything I love about myself. And that's when I was like, holy shit. Like this dude is like deadass that suck the life outta you. 100%. He did. He 100% did. There was like in December right before things ended and we went to Hawaii where we finally broke up. I did not leave my bed for a month. Like it was the most, oh it was just horrible. It was horrible. Like he sucked everything I loved about myself outta me to where I was like a shell. And I remember and I'd go to film at TikTok, I'd like have to like be like, okay, I'd literally sit there and watch my old videos to see how I would act And I would be like, okay. So I'd say this character. Yeah. I'd have to like remind myself of who I used to be. You Got me, me bitch. Oh no, no you really did.


Because that's like so real. You know what I mean? Like oh your baby crying. Oh I just love you that, that's so sad though. Like someone really will fuck suck the life out of you so fucking hard that you ha like don't even remember who you want used to be. I literally did not know who I was. And that was the hardest part is like, And I went back home in December for my birthday And I remember like my sister and my dad were like, you're so different. And I was like, what? But I was Like, I, it's Like I literally was the shell of who I was And I was becoming who he wanted me to be. Which was like this like fucking like, Like submissive, Submissive ass bitch. Yeah. And you are the exact opposite of that. You've always like done what the fuck you wanna do. I remember even just stupid shit.


Like when just like silly shit when you were like releasing piercings at Spencer's. I was Like I know there's probably someone in a suit telling her to release something. Like, you know what I mean? Like you do exactly what's authentically to you and what's loud and what's on brand for you And that's always who you've been. And I feel like that happens a lot sometimes too to like the loud outspoken women. Like this guy guys will be so obsessed with that and then they have it and then they're Like, I can't handle this and she outshines me And I feel inferior so I'm going to dull her down. Yes. And I remember I brought him with me to one of my Spencer's photo shoots and he was sitting there, my mom told me, she was like, are you sure you wanna bring him? 'cause my parents honestly were always spectacle of him. And I was like, no he's great, whatever. And my mom was like, do not let him give any notes or control like the directive.


And he was sitting there deadass being like, no, maybe you should do this. Maybe you should release this. And It's like, what the fuck do you know you're not, Thank you. Successful Thank you. Like you are Deadass, You built this brand. He Was financially responsible on me the entire duration of our relationship until I got him on the Snapchat payment program in December. Like You were paying for him Everything. He could not afford water if I didn't buy it for him. So like it's so ins and that's what would fuck with me. It's like how do you feel comfort, comfortable. Like shit, you should have been controlling him. Thank You. I shoulda been, it's like bark bitch. I should been slapping him. Like Damn. Yeah. 100%. It Is crazy. Like how the fuck are you gonna put hands on me and then know that you rely on me to drink water? Yeah. Right. Like Literally. That's actually so crazy when you put it that way.


But I, I guess in my opinion like psychologically what I think it is, is it's like he feels so inferior. Yeah. That that's the only way he can like cope with it. Which is pathetic. Yeah, Yeah. As Fuck. Like and there are so many men like that I found out after that he had been violent with his girlfriend before me. And that of course. Ooh, they might getting mad at me for this. Sorry y'all that his fucking brother has been violent with women too. Yeah. Like the friends in the family, which is insane to me. And then You wonder just like the childhood, like what happened in the childhood? What was his father like? Like what? And that's he was adopted. Yeah. So he was adopted but at a very young age. And Right now I'll even sit here and say his adoptive parents are the nicest people ever.


They make great money. They've always done everything for him. If he wanted anything, if he was short on money, Hey mom, can you help me with this? Of course sweetie. Like great parents. Yeah. So it does not make sense why he ended up the way he did. I know sometimes I always wonder if it's like the adverse that Like, I don't know, I've dated a lot of guys with like, yes mommies that tell them they're perfect and then it like spirals their, you know what I mean, into like their narcissism, you know what I mean? Which is nuts. Yeah. He was a fucking narcissist. And he's like, and admitted it to me like he only cared about and loved himself. Like that's It. Yeah. 100%. And just like that's so sad. Just to like prey on you in that sense. And in every sense. And just like, and it is just crazy too. Like the fact that you just saying you were watching your old videos.


Really I just can't get over that because it is so crazy to get someone to a point that like, you know, and it is, it's also just so wild on the flip side of the coin, we were talking about this how like we would go to your page when all of this was happening and you look perfectly happy. And it's like how just it's you don't, you never know what someone's going through. You know? That's the thing. It's like so insane. 'cause even I watched them back And I'm like, oh wait, he did like, 'cause when I went to Hawaii, like oh my god, the thing that went so viral, it was like, is he gonna propose to me this and that? Like literally that trip he was rocking my shit. So it is like so insane to watch that shit back and like know what was going on. And then I was on the phone with my stepsister earlier and she was like, oh you never called me on my birthday.


And I was like, oh yeah, he beat the fuck outta me that day. Like sorry. Yeah. And it's just like, and then when, 'cause I've never honestly like told my dad to him about what happened. He's just like seen videos and shit so he knows. But it's like even him, he was Like, I had no idea. Like nobody knew Emma didn't know the extent of it until she'd walk into it And I'd sit there and be like, you don't know what you saw. Yeah. Because it's just like nobody knew. Well and it's the isolation like oh my god, you know, being with like someone like that, they like you. They will condition you to be afraid to say anything. And then it's like, you know what I mean? It just feels like this big secret that you're like harboring. And then it's like the shame you start like you can start to get in your own head about that. And it's so wild. That's Why I feel like that's a major measure. Like when I in the past have start like stopped telling my friends things or felt like ashamed to tell my friends things.


Like I feel like that's when you should always know that something is wrong because Right. Like You shouldn't be ashamed to tell your friends or your family or whatever. And I just can't even express to you once again just how fucking iconic and amazing it is that you went from a point in your life where your best friends and family didn't even know about this to exporting and uploading that shit to the world. Like talk about a fucking turnaround. Talk about Like I, oh my God. One thing that feels so fucking good is I remember when we were breaking up And I woke up And I was so pissed because in Hawaii I ended up breaking it off with him because he put hands on me in front of too many people to hide it up.


And then I told myself right before that trip, That's crazy too. 'cause when they start getting comfortable doing it in public, public and in Hawaii, what the fuck are you mad about in Hawaii? Yeah. Like what the fuck? Right? Yeah. Like play The beach. That's what I'm, we're cliff. But I dated people like that so goddamn miserable with themselves that you could literally be looking at the most beautiful sunset on the most beautiful vacation that you didn't pay for Mind you, Thank you, Thank you. And like What are you fucking mad about? And so he did it. And then I told myself, I was like, the day that I tell my mom is the day that it will end. And so I ran like down the road into the cul-de-sac And I called my mom And I was like, he's been physical with me, da da da da. And I was like, okay, it's over. And then we ended up ending And I looked at him And I was like, I'm going to ruin your fucking life.


Yeah. I was Like, I will ruin your father Because you ruined mine. You know? Right. And I fucking did. His name is trending and he's always wanted his name to trend and now the fuck it is, your name is trending. Yeah. For being a woman beater. Yes. Yes. Like fuck you, you look his name up on Google. It's Evan Johnson arrested and thank God, thank God. And hopefully he won't be able to do it to anybody else as a result. Yeah, that's and that's also just another like beautiful side of it. Yeah. Like stopping this person. Because imagine you guys just broke up and then he went and prayed on another influencer, on another He wanted, here's something that's actually fucking insane. I've, I haven't talked about this. So when we broke up before I went public with everything, he started talking to this new girl and they had been seeing each other and she didn't have TikTok or anything.


So I released the YouTube video and Evan was hanging out with her every day like they were about date. And she text one of our friends and is like, Hey, my friend just sent me the YouTube video. I don't have social media. I had no idea this was going on. But we've been together for the past month. And I just realized I blocked him and she was like, he was starting to get like low key physical with me. He would grab me really hard on Broadway. And then she found out that she was pregnant with his kid right before he went to jail. Oh. Oh no. Like how fucking Insane is that? You saved that girl's life. And then what's insane though? And this, oh fuck, this is like the huge part. Fuck. Sorry. You are fine Girl. She, the reason that they connected is 'cause she was crying to him being Like, I was in a really abusive relationship.


Like this guy put me in the hospital, da da. And Evan looks at her and goes, yeah, no I get you. Like my ex-girlfriend abused me really bad. She cheated on me. Like she'd beat the fuck outta me. And then she, their favorite Move was reverse. Yes. And then she found out he lied about everything and that he was beating me. Stolen story. Stolen story Ballor, stolen ballor like bitch bye. And it's so that and like think about how fucking sadistic. It's insane. Insane how much of a monster you have to be to either first of all just already be on to the next. Like the fact that even in that time span, he's already grabbing some other girl's arm and doing that and to flip the fuck. Oh my god, God. Like Imagine sitting there Burn in hell. This girl's sitting There crying about this guy put me in a hospital and He's thinking perfect victim. He's like, Oh my god, me too.


Like my ex was really abusive. Bitch. The one thing I ever did is I slapped you in the face for calling me a slut and then you shut me down a subway. So it's like you made that even You should Slapped him harder. And I wish to God I did. I wish to God I did. You Also become a product of that environment. Like I think about the person that I was in, like my most toxic relationships. Like fucking, you know what, I'm not that person. Like now that my nervous system is calm And I'm with someone like, yeah, happy, healthy. Like I would never fucking throw a lamp across a room. Like, I mean like you get so lost in this world that like you're matching the energy And I, and if anything as well, like it's like a, you're protecting yourself. You, you know what I mean? It becomes like your defense mechanism against this person.


It's Not right. He made me somebody I did not know. I was like, and I'm still dealing with this now 'cause I've, I'm talking to some new guy, whatever. And like I've noticed that Evan has made me such a toxic ass bitch like in ways that I never was. I was Like that in a new relationship. Relationship too. 'cause it's like you're so used to this like being afraid to say things and stuff. So I was acting so differently Yeah. Than I normally would. And you have to like really take a second sometimes to like, and when someone recalibrate, Violates your trust like that. Yeah. You know what I mean? It violates all of these things. You're now doing all these things just innately to protect yourself.


I am so excited to see the Cancelled podcast live in Australia, which is why I wanna give the sponsor of today's video. SeatGeek a huge shout out with over 28 million downloads. SeatGeek is the number one rated ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events listed on SeatGeek including concerts, sports festivals and more. So many artists are going on tour and you can get tickets to see Kendrick Lamar and CSA the Weekend, Beyonce, Morgan Wallen and more. I love using SeatGeek because I love attending live shows. Like the Cancelled podcast live in Australia. SeatGeek has your back. Each ticket is rated on a scale of one to 10. So you know you're getting a good deal. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. Plus every ticket is backed by their buyer guarantee. And you know I came through for you guys. You can use Code Cancelled 2025 for 10% off your next set of tickets at SeatGeek. That's 10% off any tickets with promo code Cancelled 2025. Make sure you click the link in the description to download the app and have the code automatically added to your account so you can use it later. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites with Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary VG W group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


What patterns are you noticing now? Like what you, My God, like it's so annoying. Like so I'm talking to this new guy And I noticed that I get so defensive immediately 'cause I'm so used to that. So like if there's an issue I'm immediately defensive And I cuss him out And I say the rudest fucking shit. Like I'm such a bitch. Like I'll sit here and be like, fuck you, you're dumb as fuck. You're a bitch, you're a, and it's Like I didn't mean that. Like I didn't mean to fucking call you those names. Like why did I do that? Yeah. It was a simple conversation. And then one thing I hate is I can't like pr play wrestle anymore. You know how like y'all are wrestling. Can't do that anymore. Which pisses me off, You know? Yeah. But like at the same time that's, don't blame yourself for that. Don't say I can't do that Right anymore. Like someone fucking made me, made me that way. Unable to. Yeah. Like that's not your fault at all.


And it is. Yeah. It's wild. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Because you're doing it just in defense. And I will say though it's like so noble and incredible that you're already like recognizing that And I think that you are just so smart. Like you will be so willing to work through that that and it takes years to undo And that's what's so annoying. It's like why? It's like, and it's something I can't harp on. It's like there's nothing I could do but it's so annoying that this one guy has made it such a like has actually affected my life to where it will go on for years and years and years. And like I'll tell my kids about this and Like I can never trust a dude in the same way. And that's one thing. It's Like I could look at it in a positive or a negative. Like it sucks that I'll ever be the same but thank God I'm not.


'cause I won't be as naive. I know what to look out for. But it sucks 'cause I was the most trusting girl ever. Like I was so trusting And I would give everybody my full heart and it, that's like what a lot of people deserve. 'cause like I'm sure this new guy I'm talking to ha he wouldn't fuck me over. So it's like why am I being a dick to him out of what I've been through? But I can't blame myself for that. And it's just like this constant circle of like, you know, But you'll continue to grow and continue to heal from so many of these things. You know? I feel like you'll heal from these things in ways that you never think Right now that you're even capable of. Yeah. And I think that like the new normal is so important too. Like, you know, 'cause it's so easy to be like, fuck I wish I could just be that girl that I was before this that.


Yeah. And it's a hard thing to kind of almost mourn like who you once were, you know what I mean? But you, you'll find a new normal And I just, I hope you do just at night you go to bed and you focus on all of the good that you've done. You've put that in such good words to mourn the person I used to be. That is a hundred percent what it is. But you know, but You're also now there's that you have to think of all of the new amazing things that you are like, you are so, you are so well spoken and so strong and so smart and like you, you have your own back in a way that you've never had your own back before. Like, you know what I mean? And No one's ever gonna take advantage of you and the way that you've been taken advantage of. Oh thank God. Also Feel like Find somebody who like meets you halfway and is like very patient with you.


'cause like obviously there are like little things about you now that maybe that You know, that you wanna work on. Like, But any like guy worth dating is gonna understand like first of all what you've been through. Right. And like, and adapt accordingly. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, Right. And that's, that's what I'm hoping for. And it's more the annoying part that Like, I hate being single, but I know I like have to be. 'cause like you gotta heal. Nobody Likes being single but nobody, It was like, it's, it's a major part in life. Which is Like, I will just say even with like Tricia And I always talk about how Moses and Mako both like definitely sat by us while we still weren't fully fucking healed up here and were patient and dealt with our shit that we were carrying from these past things. And that is like, you are absolutely.


'cause you are so like lovable and you're gonna find the perfect person. You're lovable, you're funny, you're smart, you're fucking beautiful. Like, and so like it is crazy how beautiful you are in person too. Like, oh, shut up. It's wild. Three Hours on the makeup chair, babe. No, but just like your bone structure bitch. I'm talking about your bones. You are so beautiful. Oh, stop. And I get you wanting to like date and whatever, but being single is also just a beautiful thing. It Is. I do like being single And I, I enjoy the freedom of it, but it's also Like I love a FaceTime. Yeah. Oh My fucking God. Wait, I just remembered something. What, what happened on the way here? What it has to do with the whole situation. I got a call from Evans jail. What? All the way here. Saying What? So I have the jail phone saved the number saved in my phone, the Sumner County jail.


And I get a call saying this is a Sumner County jail you have a collect call from. And it was this guy named like Chase and it's Evan's friend in jail was just trying to call me. I literally just fucking remember that The same jail did Did you Pick up? Yes. No, I did not pick up. I was like, what the fuck is going on lately? My God. Hold on. I wouldn't have been able to help myself. Yeah. Why are you calling me? I haven't saved In my phone as jail. La Rooney. You have a, I love j la Rooney love jail. Rooney. Like they, that's just the context is j La Rooney Rooney. It's like, It's like collect call from like Chase. I'm like what the fuck? Yeah. Okay. Because they have to say their own name and so Yeah. You have a collect call from. Yeah. Yeah. And You know What? And the only way they would have my number is if Evan gave it to them. Well, And that's, here's what I'm gonna say though.


You are now vibrating on a, just a completely different frequency than you once were. You know what I mean? Like, you are just elevating every single day, you know what I mean? Like you are, you are coming out of this, you are healing other people. And when you start vibrating on that high ass frequency, the amount of people from the fucking trenches that are gonna be grabbing up at you like this in some County jail. Yes. Yes. Like they are trying. Of course they are because it's all they have. It's, and they want, they want that free ride up to that frequency with you. You know? My god. And I do wish I answered, I wanna know like, what do you have to say? But like we have a no contact order. So couldn't Yeah. Probably. I think It's smart not to answer. Trust me. Obviously I'm so curiosity kills the cat, but I think it's so good that the like just no contact is so good for you and your mental so good because it's like every time you have any of those conversations, yeah, you might be curious but you also might just get so mentally dragged back to that place which you don't deserve, cut back and you've done so much work to not be, you know what I mean?


Like even going to court, like first of all, the way you did all of that was so iconic and incredible. I Felt so good about it. Like I did not take my eyes off that motherfucker. Mm. He could not look at me. He was fucking stuttering. And then my dad was clapping when he got locked up as lucky bitch. I just got chills. Like that's, He was sitting there alone too. Like your family couldn't even fucking show up. No friends, nothing. He was Sitting. Oh, that's good. Honestly, I would be so ashamed if like his family did show up and like wanted to support him through that. Right. Any good parents sit that one out? 100%. That One out is so real. 100 Fucking percent. Send That shit out babe. Somebody in his family though is posting on his Snapchat for him, which I think is so You're kidding. For money. Oh yeah. Like the Rewards program. Yeah.


Oh, have you? No shame. No, They're posting like he just went to Miami. It's like actually the Funniest thing. He's in jail and everyone knows it. Like, just, that's just sad too. Like someone being so money honey's. Right. I'm like probably paying off the lawyer fees. 'cause his parents bailed him out. Like, And maybe don't monetize off of this image. Like when something so horrible happened to someone else, it's fucked. People are fucked. Right. I'm so curious to see what'll happen when he, he gets out. Like, I'm Like, I get out. So when, how long is he in jail for? A year and a half. So I'll be like turning like 23 by the time he gets out. Oh, you're a baby. I didn't even know you were only 22. Wait, wait. Or you're 2120 Oh oh, you're a baby.


No, And I hate it. And I hate it And I hate it. You shouldn't hate it. But I felt the same way. I hated feeling like a baby too because I was like, bitch, I've been through enough trauma that I feel 80. Right. And it's Like, you know what I mean? It like, oh, it's just annoying. Like to not even be 21 yet though. 'cause it's like, oh my god. Like there's so much shit I just wanna film myself doing of like having fun and going out, but it's like, ugh, I can't yet, you know? But Also look at all that you've accomplished and learned before. You are literally allowed to get a mimosa at brunch. Mimosa is so funny. Like, look at all that you've, you're a baby. That's, that is like, And I know that in so many ways you probably don't feel like one, first of all, you're running a whole business empire. You know what I mean? You are like, do. But that is so impressive.


Thank you. And you are so, so far ahead of your years, which I know is a double edged sword, you know? But it, it's so cool to see like how smart and eloquent and all of these things that you are. Oh, Thank you. And oh my god, that, that makes me feel so much like better almost in so many ways. The the worst of it is over and it's all looking up. It's over at 20 thing. Oh babe. Like fuck that shit. Yeah. And you're gonna be 25 frontal lobe developed and you're gonna be Like, I ate down. Well I'm so wait, how is it like when your frontal lobe just like, oh Bitch, I don't think mine's there yet. To be honest, I'm 28. I'm like, any day now. You're not 28. No, I am. It is.


No you're not. Am I not? I know she looks 19. It's so wild. You're Gonna be 29 in like three months And I look 80. So there's not wait. Right. I don't know my own age anymore. That's Actually insane. Wait, what the fuck? I'm like actually praying. I have your jeans That makes my eyelids I love. Just got my eyelids done. No, but


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW group void for prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


I'll say the frontal lobe thing was very crazy for me, but one of my biggest takeaways that I wish I could have told myself in my early twenties was give yourself the most amount of grace like that you could ever give yourself. Because it's Like I look back at me and know you're so far ahead of me, but like me at 20, Like I was a fucking imbecile idiot moron with no brain cells, just like Tasmanian deviling through life. But also, no, not even her. I'm like, I'm saying for me both, all of it. Like, and it's, but also at the same time I was beating myself up for everything, what I was wearing, what I was doing, what I was saying, who I was dating, all of those things. And in reality it's like you're not supposed to have anything figured out and just like give yourself grace in that, you Know?


But you are such an inspiration. Like I think you should also give yourself so much credit. And I, I know you do And I really hope you do because like at 20 you had Tana turns 21, like you had a fucking MTV show. That's a fucking flag. The fuck. It was a different time. You know? And yeah, even then, like even at that time I was so critical on myself and it's like, you're doing the best with the cards that you were dealt. You know Where you're at. You are both of y'all successful ass podcasts. I love you great ass boyfriends. Like y'all are up. Fuck it is. And all of all of those things I did, and all the times I fell and got up in my early twenties brought me to this beautiful era of my life. So it's Like, I just hope you know that like you are, you are in an era where like, fuck up all you want, give yourself all the grace and everything will work out for you.


Like, you know, it just, it really fucking will. And it's, it's just nuts the way you're really dealing with all of the way so many people are trying you, you know, like Yeah, that's the whole thing. Like the online of it all and then like it, which I get people being Like, I feel bad it turned into a drama, but I'm Like, I feel like the second you take shit online, that's what's gonna happen. You could sit here and be like, say the most traumatic shit and it will become a drama. But then I mean like, obviously James didn't help that. Yeah. At all, dude, at all. That whole situation is crazy. Like just so crazy. And I don't know how much you wanna talk about it, so I don't wanna like, oh, you, I will say everything. You're me. Fuck. It's just Like, I don't know, Like I, you guys were collabing.


He's doing your makeup. Like, I don't know if you ever looked up to him or watched his videos or anything like that. That's what's fucking insane is when I was like 12, 13, he came out with the Morphy palette. My grandma fucking waited in the little morphy line, fucking bought me his palette, his makeup brushes. I met him at playlist live back in like 2019. I was freaking the fuck out. And I'll give him credit for this. He is the reason I am where I'm at. He was the first person to reach out to me to be like, let's collab and started. No, you're at where you're at because you're you. But he, yeah, that Was, that was nobody else's Thing. I feel Like I I I feel Like I have to give Him I understand. I I mean I get what you're Saying. Thank you. I understand exposure, but the exposure with somebody who doesn't have it doesn't stick.


So I I Agree a With that one. Like, And I mean that I do mean that. Yeah. But that's, that's just wild to not only feel fucked over by somebody that you consider a friend. I know he was on his acquaintance tangent, but Like, I'll agree. We were definitely acquaintances, but I don't, But you also idolize this person for so long. So then that is also like heartbreaking. It's Like I'm acquaintances was fucking like 300 people. Like I meet people at a party once And I follow them on Instagram. We never talk again. And I wouldn't Do that. Also, this is our first time hanging out, like in depth And I wouldn't go fuck your fucking thing. Yeah. Because Like, I would not do what the fuck, especially after like, like he knew, like, all I'm gonna say is like, he, like he knew. I literally texted him it was abusive, it was this, it was that.


And then you fly him out and you DM him. And then what pissed me off was the screenshots. Did y'all see the screenshots that he posted on his story? Trying to like clear it up? It's so when we were in Hawaii, like right before we broke up, James and Evan were DMing and he had sent, they were like doing like snap thing where you go like that and, And like that's just weird. Strange, Right? Strange as fuck. And so I talked about it and then James was like, well I'll post all the, all the receipts and posted all the text messages up until me and him broke up. And it's like, so y'all just didn't talk about flying him out to la Like was everything else on vanish mode? Like where did all the other messages go?


100%. And like, it was so, It was so weird. I've had so many of like my gay friends, even just like, I'll overhear them talking about this. And they're like, I'm not flying somebody out to emotionally support them. That's just the takeaway that I've, I from, I, I don't know if I understand that. I don't understand any of it. 'cause it's like You're not doing that as a multimillionaire with a core friend group. You're not like, let me outsource it. Especially someone You don't know. It'd be one thing if it was somebody who knew were like close with and they were really going through it, Right? And it's like, but then the whole thing that he said of being like, oh, well I didn't understand that Kayla was actually going through it even though he knew me more than Evan. Well, what did you have to Do? Send pictures. I don't, I don't get that's, it's like you don't get that. But then Evan texts you, I'm depressed.


So you fly him out and you're there for him and you believe everything he's saying. Like it's just like, yeah, I don't get that. So many holes in that story. And then it's also like you guys formed an entire friendship off of the basis of you thinking he saw it. You're very emotionally intelligent. And it's one thing if you friend is saying like, oh, like, you know, I'm really happy you're with like a good looking guy. But like, I've always hated that even with the gays. It's not that. I think that like, you know what I mean? Like if I'm friends with like a gay like guy in Los Angeles, if he's responding to my story being like, God, I wanna fuck your boyfriend so bad. Or He is so hot. He's so hot. He hot. I'm like, okay, Wait, wait to fucking say. And that's the only thing he would ever text me is, he's so fucking hot. He's so fucking hot. He's so hot. At least He's consistent. Right? At least he stood, he stood real, he stood Real with this.


Like, yeah, He committed a bit Dead Ass. That also just makes me think that then it's Like, I don't know if I was responding to someone's story constantly being like, they're so hot. They're so hot, they're so hot. And then they break up and then I'm flying them out. Like I, my intent, my intention is to then just be friends. Like, Thank you. That's my whole fucking thing. And then it's like, if you really weren't doing anything wrong and you didn't think you were doing anything wrong, you wouldn't have lied to me. When I asked if he was at your house, did He lie? Oh Yeah. I, I texted him. So basically James flew him down and this is before we were on, no, we were on no contact. So I didn't know why Evan was going to LA or anything. We'd been broken up for a month. James knew we broke up and then Evan posted a picture in a backyard and it said Encino, California, which is, he put the, put the location.


Oh, come on. And it is James Charles's backyard. So I fucking text James And I'm like, weird question. Is Evan at your house? He's like, your ex James. Why would he be here? No, He fucking Was. And he dead ass was That's like, yeah, I didn't know that. What The fuck was. And then Also as if like there's a thousand backyards that look like that, Right? Like yeah, I recognized the trees and then I, this is so like bad, but like then me and Emma were like so crashed out. We got in her car and we would just keep driving past his house. No. And we were like trying to make sure. And then I Ended up, and honestly at 20 years old, that's pretty noble. You know, I mean me at 20, Like I jumped The wall then, then I made a fake number And I texted Evan off of it, Google Voice And I was like, my name's like Greg, we met a while ago, da da da.


Like, meet me at, Actually, So funny. No, I love it. I Was like, my name's Greg, me and Young Gravy are going out for some drinks at, at Thai Angel. So He ends up spending like $90 on an Uber to Thai angel to meet You. You're so real gravy. You're so real. He Gets there and he's calling the number and we're like, no, no, no. We went to a different spot down the street. He starts Ubering from place to place in LA trying to meet young. Thank God though. And sometimes in a Guy who's that eager to meet young, he's a red flag. It's really funny too, because I feel like young Gravy would've been in on this would he would've supported It. He would've been so Dumb. No. And it, that's just real as fuck. Like honestly too Valid. I catfished like a guy one time. Well my ex honestly for like six months after we broke up.


I'm not kidding, cat. That's why Cat fully cat Tinder. I was catfishing people And I was like, maybe I shouldn't say That. No, I know you did. I did. Dude. She had a whole separate phone for it. Honestly. It was Like I Catfish, Like I have a catfish phone. Yes. And it's real as fuck. Like it's, he deserved it Bad. Yeah, No. Yeah. Some people deserve that shit. Like, oh wait, I love a catfish. Thats what I do on Tinder. They banned me though. You know Maggie Linderman that won like badass Bitch. Your picture. I'm sorry Maggie, I'm so sorry. But Like, I was fucking catfishing and this one guy had a picture of a dead deer And I was like, are you gonna kill me? Like you killed that deer band. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't, you don't. Tinder. You're gonna meet the love of your life In real life. I'll, I'll never download a dating app on you. You Might meet the love of your life on your podcast set.


Like, I'm kind of thinking that Like I love you and Jacob sartorious together. I I Love us Too. I love that. I just made you choke. I'm so sorry. Because I love us too. Oh my God, I do. I you guys just have like a really great dynamic regardless of what happens. Like That's the thing. It's like, And I know he's gonna see this, but I, I truly love Jacob like with my whole heart and he's changed my life in a lot of ways and it, oh, Like I wouldn't, I wouldn't ever wanna ruin what we have though. Yeah. But it's like that is somebody genuinely that I love so much and like who knows what would happen in two years. 100%. And that's real little Jim. Pam. Yes.


That is 100% real. I feel Like I felt like that about Jeff when we were like podcasting and working together all the time. It was like, oh my God, I love this friendship. And even if people ship it and like whatever, I wouldn't, we're both in nutcases and like whatever, you know, it's like, and then what's meant to be will be exactly like if you guys are meant to be Like, I will say I've never met a guy that respects me the way that he does. Like, which Is so sweet because regardless of whatever ends up even happening, you'll always be so grateful for him in this period of your life for healing you like in that way. Or like being a part of your healing journey in that way. Right? Like no matter what, he's helped me through so much. He's changed my life and I've always wanted to start a podcast. So starting it with him was just like, that was so fun. And he's helped so much and I'm like the type of bitch that I will not respond to an email or a text.


So he'll do that shit for me. Like It's real as fuck. I'm like, Thank God it's, it's important for you to just have men in your life, especially that you can trust Right now. And just something like to put your energy into like something that you're excited about that you know isn't like you're dating life. You know? Literally, literally. And you're killing it. Like you really just fucking are. And I just Like, I can't even believe it. I can't believe that he, a year and a half is like, the judicial system is so interesting. 'cause What do you mean a year and a half? Right? You know, it's so hard. A lot of people get off with even less, you know what I mean? Yeah. There's so many people Who, what's Crazy Have to live in fear all the time, you know? Right. And that's what's fucking crazy is the max that he could get for the domestic violence. It's a misdemeanor. A so the max he could get was a year.


That was it. But then he had two other charges, A DUI and a probation violation. Right. And he was gonna face up to five years if it was taken to trial. But that would've been months on. Months on months. And I was like, fuck that shit. Give him a year and a half. 'cause that's him in my eyes serving the year that He took from you, you Lost. And then plus six months of his bullshit. So I was like, give it to Him. Damn, I have chills And I respect you for that. Like I tax, I feel like it's so fucking easy for people to say like, oh, go to trial. Like, I've done that so many times in my life where I felt like someone was wrong And I didn't want to go to trial because I didn't want have to relive shit Right. For that amount of time. You know what I mean? Right. I was not trying to go to trial and it's like I'd have to sit there and have his lawyers be like, well why'd you stay then? And it's Like, I, I cannot sit there in front of all these people being Like, I stayed 'cause I was scared I stayed 'cause I was embarrassed.


Like I was not gonna do that. Especially, it just, it wasn't worth it to me. And then I know his life is ruined regardless when he gets outta jail. Like yes, He's, Yeah, He'll continue doing time. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. He's gonna be on probation after this. So he's on his probation. Like thing is, he's not even allowed to operate a social media account under his name for two years. Once he's out. Then what about That bitch running His Snapchat? Thank you. That is literally, Well I wonder though, like if we could like, you know what I mean? Like I love we, I'm in on this. I'm like, listen, let take him down. We call Sumner County. Hey. Yeah. Because that's kind of insane that Yeah. The person running the Snapchat with the thing Right Now. Yeah. That's not supposed to be happening. Have you talked to like lawyers about that? I need to talk to the da. I've just been like, so like, 'cause I'm also trying to press two felony charges in the state of California.


So I've been like focused on that a little bit and that's scary because what's annoying is fuck about that judicial system. Shit, they can't even like transfer those charges to Tennessee. So it's like he would only get arrested for the two felonies if he came to California and got pulled over. Yeah. Oh my God. Which is So get him over here. He insane. Yeah. Tell him young gravy like the saddle. Right? I'm like, James, let's work it out on the remix. Get him back out here James, please.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites with Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Riley, Hers from 2311 racing here. And you know what grinds my gears Waiting for coffee, but instead of counting f frappes and lattes, I fire up Chumba Casino. No apps, no fuss. Just fun social casino games to pass the time. By the time my coffee's ready order for Riley, I've already taken a few victory laps. Next time you're stuck waiting, make it entertaining. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Ford were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Speaking of James and Charles fucking working anything out, you were talking about bots and comments And I'm so intrigued by this And I just, I want to hear like, are you okay talking about this? Oh yeah, yeah. You sure? Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. So To gimme, just gimme the tea, gimme the lo. I need to like understand what if I heard this correctly when I just heard this? Oh No, you did. Okay. So me and James did our research because when James posted his apology video, there was a lot of the same comments, like exact same comments over and over again with like 30,000 likes. But their account was like a bot. And we're like, what the fuck? So we talked about it on an episode and then somebody reached out to us who's like in the social media world and sent us a screen recording of this app that you can use to buy comments to shift the narrative of what people think about you.


I'm like, no, what's it called? Shut up Tomorrow. Brooke has like 20,000 comments that are like best eye, I'm I'm gonna be a hero tomorrow. No, But that's so it's, it's an app Like, it's like a website and you can deadass like buy like comments basically to shift the narrative and buy these comments likes. And what I think is interesting is Mikayla Testa made a TikTok being like, our accounts are getting bought. And I was like, what the fuck does that? Sorry, love you Mikayla. I just love an Australian Me too so much. I love an Australian accent that you're actually me. I love you. And I was like, what the fuck does that mean? But I think she was talking about like the comments because all of a sudden after his shit started to get boughted, I made three videos in one day.


It was just part one, part 2.3 about the James situation. The next day I posted one more and I'm getting thousands of comments being like, she's dragging it over and over again and the accounts weren't real people. And I'm like, what the fuck? So my accounts started to get botted, McKayla started to get botted and then James was also getting botted with like positive this same comments, but his are positive and ours are negative. Do you think, do you know how on Instagram when sex bought on Instagram, it like, it hurts your account? You know what I mean? Like, if, if you buy Followers or whatever Yeah. It hinders your account. Do you think TikTok is like that or no? I I honestly don't think so. There's yeah, I was just gonna say like clearly not if he's like getting numbers like that, that is like Yeah, but sometimes like when you do that then, then it has to be bought from that point forward because you get like ba like shadow ba or at least Whoa, Because it doesn't make sense.


Yeah. I'd get a comment being like, she's dragging it posted three minutes ago, 10,000 likes. What does that even mean? What does that even fucking, that's Not physically possible. Like, And not physically possible. And it's the same fucking comment. I go on their account and it's not a real account and then I just get sent this website where you can literally do that and it's more effective to do that than to like censor words and censor this. 'cause your account doesn't get shadow banned apparently. Shit. So that's like bonding an account. Like it's a real fucking thing. No, Ibel, Like, I believe it 100% and we see bot comments all the time, like weird strange ones. Yes you can, but I did like Botting someone else's account and That's Kayla met. I finally get you now girl. Like that is what ing an account means.


Like that Is so, so, so that's like some crazy intel into like just this world and like even, I don't know, just even like people being able to pay to shift public opinion at a whole new high. I mean, people have been doing it, you know what I Mean? Way Yeah. But is like Final Boss. Like Yeah. It's just, it's something new comes every year, you know what I mean? Right. And it's like smart as fuck, honestly. Like, like that is Smart's just Like I know, but like the society that we're living in, I was telling you that's What, that's how everybody should know that you are being fed. You know what I mean? Like, you are being fed the information that you're consuming, like the narrative against everybody. Like you do not know these people or what's going on. Like Right.


Botting, she's dragging it. I was telling you this, but you have to put, she's dragging it on her shirt. No, I have to. Like, that's the best thing I've ever heard in my life. I'm Like, I need it on a baby tee. I'm wearing it every day. You're gonna make six figures off of it. And it's like, and honestly good on you. Like a lot of people probably would've never like figured that out. Oh Yeah. Me and Jacob were sitting there and like, we crack the fucking code. 'cause it, it just doesn't make sense. But that is just like, I'm imagining if like that was around just like for always and forever. Like all the people who would've used it? Oh, everybody. You know what I mean? Oh my God. I would've fuck, honestly, if I was jammed, I'd be doing the same thing. No, I wouldn't. It's crazy. And it makes me mad when people are like, oh, well y'all just forgive him for everything. But then it's like, okay, but then y'all get mad when I still talk about it.


Like, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. You know you'll never win. Right? Literally. I just feel like I'll never win with it. So that's why I've just like given up on it and I'm like, I'll just, you, You have to for your own peace and your own freedom because it, it really is true. You could do or say anything like how you were saying earlier, if you just came online not talking about it, it'd be people. Those, I always think like the people who just are leaving that senseless, you can't win type of hate. Yeah. It's like you can't win with those people anyhow. Like if you came online tomorrow, never spoke about it again, it would be she's unfazed, she moved on too fast, so this never happened, blah, blah, blah. Right. The way she says, and if you keep talking about it, it's she's dragging it bought comment or not. And it's like you just have to live for you and do what feels right to you, which you are to Stop caring about what those you will never win with them.


So it's like, what the fuck's the point? And they're probably at home like, it's like the, the stupid fucking Reddit posters. Like, I don't give a fuck. Fuck. Like I literally don't give a fuck Reddit. I don't even, no. We're you know, Emma, she has a really bad Reddit Addiction. Oh, we've been, I already talked her off the ledge. We'll heal you. We'll heal you. I've already been telling her. She showed me it's in her in in her frequently visited. No, I've never checked Reddit. Block the website. I refuse. I refuse. I will not fucking go out there and read. I think even just reading comments, it can be very scary when you're in like a fragile mental space to like be in taking so many opinions about yourself. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's just, 'cause then they start to form your actual idea of who yourself is and like just all of those things, you know, it makes You question who you are. Like Yeah, it's so, And change.


It makes you change who you are. Yes. And it's, that's the worst thing. It's like, okay, I'm gonna start acting like this and not acting like this. And it's like, and then you start, and then I never wanna be the type of person where it's like, I'm different on camera than off camera. Because like obviously Like period, I'm filming a 62nd TikTok, I'll be a little bit more like energetic, but Like, I don't wanna change my whole personality 100%. Which Is bullshit. And and it's Very hard, hard Sometimes notice that you're doing it. Like I catch myself where I'm Like, I wouldn't have normally said that, but I'm, I'm pandering to like what I think people want to hear or like Yeah. Or trying not to say things that I know will like upset people. It's just like, it's crazy. Yeah. If anything, I think it, I don't know, I guess for me, like just doing this for so long, I think about all the times where it probably would've been easier for me to just like act a certain way and like, you know what I mean?


Like act a different way. Like it would've just been less resistance, you know what I mean? Like giving the people what they want or giving the brands what they want or like doing whatever. But it's Like, I'm so happy I didn't 'cause it's, it's so much harder to a, do this for a living b sleep at night. Like when you're Like, I am this whole fucking different person. Yeah. You'll Like feed yourself trying to put on a, a character. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. And That's what I feel Like I won't be. And you're not a character. You're so full of life. Like I feel Like I wouldn't be able to go to sleep if I was Like, I know I'm, if somebody were to come out to me in person Right now And I'd be different, Like I would literally not be able to sleep. But that's how you've also built this like beautiful empire is by just being so fucking authentic to you. And


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring Right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash kids and family. Just go to indeed.com/kids and family Right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Riley, Hers from 2311 racing here. And you know what grinds my gears Waiting for coffee. But instead of counting frappes and lattes, I fire up Jumbo Casino. No apps, no fuss. Just fun social casino games to pass the time. By the time my coffee's ready order for Riley, I've already taken a few victory laps. Next time you're stuck waiting, make it entertaining. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW group vote where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Mike.


Oh, even just hearing, we were talking, I think this was off camera before, but like, you're so smart with your money and you're like, just I'm so happy that you're like reaping the benefits, you know? Yeah, no, I'm too scared to Like, I, the only designer thing I've ever bought was like two months ago and it was my like fucking diesel bag. Like I'm too scared. Ugh. Be careful. It's a slippery slope. No, But it, it's good to, it's good to treat yourself, but she's so Right. I was Like, I didn't even believe in it. Like literally six months ago I was like, that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Like why would you ever spend money on that? And then something along, I don't know what happened. I was looking, That might've been my influence honestly. And I'm sorry. And I'm looking at the jewelry I'm feeling influence. Dude. No, she because Fucking flavor, flavor something. She's got nothing but diamond. No, it's fucking ridiculous. But I'm gonna tell you something. Half of these are DHgate dupes.


I have, I mean mine aren't, but I'm saying they're, but I wish they were. Oh, because they're duped so well like that. It's like, like this bracelet is like the love of my life. I bought this bracelet And I spent $7,000 on this bracelet and one of my roommates ordered the DHgate version to see the difference. And I am not fucking kidding you. I have a friend who works at Van Cleen. He was sending me links to ones that they, as the workers wear in the store because they are that undetectable. Like the weight and all. It's like, why the fuck I just lost air slides? Gimme the link. No. And I'm like, I'm buying them off the gate. You lost the original air mass ones, Tana, you were an idiot forever buying those. How do you lose a shoe? It was on your foot when you left the house.


Like you're literally an idiot. I lost a pair of shoes, I left with them on my feet and then came home with them off my feet. You don't, you don't deserve the, you buy them off the gate, bitch. Wait. Oh, that literally happened to Emma once she fucking went out to the club, came back. Shoeless. It's No, no, I feel you. We need, there needs to be a community. That's The whole reason I will not buy expensive shit. I just know Like I same. I'll destroy it. I'll fucking destroy that shit. We always talk about that too. And just like trendiness too. I still fall victim all the time. Like I try to buy like timeless. I won't spend a lot of money unless something is Like, I know I'll have, She's made me better in that way because she's really good. Why was I buying neon assless traps? You know? We'll never know.


Black or brown. We'll never know. Or like, you know what I mean? It has to be like an everyday Yeah, no, even then though, I get so anxious about it. Like, I don't know. Like I Get guilt. Do you get guilt from spending? Oh My god. I'll go home and cry. Like I actually go home and cry. I'm like, what the fuck? I do that. I have like a scarcity complex with money. I feel like. Do you ever just Get scared that like one day you'll wake up and everything will just be like empty and then it's like, oh my God, this fucking bag could have just paid my rent. But we actually, it's funny, before you got here, we were talking about that on that episode that we were just filming. Like we were the scarcity. Like, and it's something Though, like what's on her wrist could pay her bills. That's why I jewelry makes me happy. Like that Cancelled Or like, that's like an actual like appreciating asset. Like a bag, not so much. Plus it's a jumbo flap, But other like jumbo flap. The Chanel ones like Bought that cost more than my car.


But he also bought by way. That's the thing. It needs to be appreciating things to at least sleep at night a little better. But like, oh, also just the gate. Like I'm not kidding. I'm buying those air lights in every color. Yeah. Yeah. It's just dumb. It is. It's Like I can't, I have no excuse. I'm just an idiot. I'm a sheep. I just, I get serotonin for my stupid new product bag. Well see. And that's the thing, I'll sit here and be Like, I wish I was that way. Like I wanna like, No, you don't Look phenomenal. It's Picking up cigarettes with the intent to start smoking. Like it's not broke. Like Do not, do not do anything. Yeah. 100% Just look good. They just always look good and being in a late, like you Look bomb as fuck Right now. Oh. But you know, you go to Barney's and you see the bitches with like the fucking everything.


I know. And I Like, I wanna be you so bad. You know? It's Like I, and We are in, you know what? They Won't be wealthy when they're older. Damn. Which you will Be. You keep saving Joke like this. She's real. And just the consumerism of fucking everything. Like we all are always in comparison. It's Like I need, I need those fucking suede brown micro shorts. No you don't. Like I just Let somebody buy a $300 hairbrush. 'cause it's supposed to make your hair softer. Shit. I'm not even kidding. It's in my bag. No, Wait, Brooke, are you actually, you bought it. Wait, Brooke, did you actually on My life, it's in my bag. No way. Like the 300 hair bus. No, I, I don't have it with me. It's the one that I, the one I left at your house. And then I had to buy a new one. So I bought it twice. She left it at my house and she was actually like, 'cause I'm like, why the fuck do you care so much?


You left your hairbrush in my house. I'll get it back to you. And then I found out And I was like, oh yeah, you should probably get mad. Got it. So it makes your hair so shiny. So it's real. Yeah. Does it Work? It's a thing. My first one got sent to me, the second one I bought. But There's no hope for me. My bald blonde ass. Like, and nothing's Like I see all Fake as Fuck. We love it. We bought it though. It's ours. Amen. You know what I mean? I, I have a wet brush in my bag. The one, but you know the one now I have the one with the little blue bag. Oh my God. I mean, I would try it if my hair was real or could ever be soft. I'm growing it out. I'm trying, but you're making me miss my bleach and tone bitch. Like I bleached it this morning with like the fucking box. I was Like, I did, I did my own too. And I had a bleach and tongue. It's So fun. It's so fun. I'm so envious of a bitch who can garate FTEs box and go blonde.


No, I Would buy the powder and the developer And I would literally like sit and fucking do a whole bleach and Tongue. Same. Once I did that And I burnt my hair off though, my hair was like steaming and then I had to get a mullet. You know what you have Or I did this, it's really bad. Bottom half first washed it and then the top half, if you try to do it all at once, you'll go bald. That Was my problem. I mixed like 50 milligram developer and my thought was like, steaming. And I was like, what the fuck is going on? No. And then I had to like get a mole. It was green and black. I looked so scary. Like I actually like bitch. It's kind of My iconic though. You would think. Where's Brad Bondo? The video About my bleach and tone video. It was like, what the hell is wrong with this girl? What do you, why your hair was so long and healthy though. It's Just not safe to do. I know. Oh, it's just not, I got lucky. I can't get my hair to like lift though on my own. That's the thing. Because You have a naturally, I think you have Black hair at this point Actually.


Well, but you're your te like hair textures. Like you have the thicker hair. Very coarse. Would you think? I wouldn't be bald, but, Oh, I want a coarse hair thin fucking little bitch Hair. I, I have baby hair, like fine. Very fine hair. Yeah, I know. But like, look at y'all eating me up. Magging me. What do you mean? Like, ugh, your Hair's fabulous Right now. I'm so happy that you're in your like I'm In my really look at this root. I love a root. No, I dark hair. You Would love dark hair. I would love to see what your hair color actually is. Yeah. Would You ever It's dark. It's a lot darker. Like it's darker than this. Yeah, it's dark. It's like very, very dark. But I wonder if that's lack of sunlight sometimes. Like if I was out in the sun for a little bit, Like I think I'd gain a few shade. It's, You know, I got a comment on my video yesterday being like, the hair color is a choice. I'm like, it's literally not a choice.


It's my, it's my natural. Wait, what the fuck? Wait, The hair color is definitely a choice. It said, IC commented back, I'm like, fuck you Jessica. Also Hair color as if you chose like, sure. Truth. Like it's just, it's It's Brown. No. Like what the fuck? Yeah. That's crazy. Would you ever go brunette? I would never say never. And I am growing it out and it's getting darker as we go. And I'm continuing to do that for sure. I'm still, I'm, I'm learning to get less emotionally attached to the blonde, but I'm so emotionally Attached. That's I feel you so much on that. Yeah. Like I wanna be I love you. The plant movie, Everyone crawling under the camera. So sweet. I Think it would eat so hard. I think it would turn the world upside down if you popped up brunette.


And I think you would look so ma Like I always trust that like, if something's growing outta your head, it's gonna look good on you. Like you, you wouldn't look like shit with your neck or color. Maybe in my full peace era, like maybe after like just next year, Like I, I cut a bo like imagine we come back to Cancelled in two years And I have a fucking bob in. You're a brunette And I, no, And I have black hair. It's funny. Oh my god. And there's like wedding rings. Oh. Oh I Better have a wedding ring before Cancelled. It's gone. And You're our flower girl. Oh my God. Or you and Jacob are married. Oh My god. That would be really fucking. So speaking of I guess you two, even just like doing your podcast, what, is there anything else you wanna do or you're working on? It's crazy that you immediately popped out and just like with a conglomerate with Spencers, like already you were doing that.


That was So like a fever dream. 'cause I did ask DM them on Instagram And I was Like, I really have a good idea. And they just like responded to me And I was like, thank God that's So sickening though because Like I, I do not get brand deals. I don't get part, I haven't had a brand deal in like the past two years or something. Like That's so wild though. So the, yeah, the fact that they answered, I was like, thank God I Will get you brand deals, bitch. Damn. But that just shows you are we supposed to be outreaching? Yeah, that, yeah. No, it's important. A lot of the best things do come from like, Really Like, were you reaching out? I guess shoot your shot. I feel like Trisha always says that the worst they could say is no. Yeah, That is so true. It's so true. But yeah, just with this new podcast and everything, do you have anything else that you wanna do? Any dreams, any goals, anything that you I Really, okay.


This might sound so fucking weird when it comes outta my mouth, but like, okay, wait, hear me out. Like, You know. No, I love it. I love it. Hear me out. Okay. You know how like Baby, Baby reindeer, like the the, Okay. Like the guy who went through all that shit, like acted in it later. Yes. I would love to do like a short film or something Like, oh, that's beautiful. Act out what I went through to like portray what it was and like to kind of like symbolic or whatever the word is. Yeah. Symbolize. Symbolize. There we go. I didn't know. I was like, yes. Symbolic. And I just, symbolic was crazy. Me as fuck Bing. I'll be saying that next week.


Bing. Yeah. And yeah, I, I, that's like, my goal honestly is to like, you should go on Worst X ever. I thought about doing that. Oh that is it. That Netflix show. I've never thought about That. It's like, it's a series, but it's like epi episodic where every episode period is like a, a story of like a horrible relationship and like the crazy things that they've done I wanna do. And I'm Like, I I got a fake Australian who killed his family. Yeah. You guys could go on Together. Oh my god. Yeah. I would love to do like a reality dating show even that Would be, that would be so fun Too. I would love to do like a dating what not to do. Yeah. There's so much there. You know, the thing is you Don't have your phone for like two months and I'd Like, I need a post on Snapchat. Like I would know you could find someone to do it for you. We know that now. Wait. Oh yo, the Johnsons Please.


Yeah. Right. Like they just started a whole business of that. I got my shit too. It's Snapchat like super fruitful. What does that mean? Like, Like Profitable? Profitable. Like, like do you make a lot of money on Snapchat? That's like my number one income. I love Snapchat. Ah, I love Snapchat. It's so funny. It's fun too because it falls in the same like bucket. I always tell her this. I tell her to start it every day. Please. Because it's so cool. 'cause it's so authentic. Like, it's so fun. You don't, you can literally just post your life and it's so Authentic. It's so fun. I don't know. I'm Like, I don't wanna share more, you know? And in fact I want share less. No, but it could be that you cooking something or like literally anything out. That's True. I just got a hiccup to start doing it. And it's like once you start you won't turn back. I got Emma to do it. I'm trying to get everybody to do it. Like that is Like, I Show I don't get it.


Honestly. I need someone to sit down with me and watch Me. I would, I absolutely would. I think it's so fun. It is wild. When Snapchat money came out, there's, there's always just certain things as an influencer where I'm like, this feels so like long. Yeah. Like this is crazy that like, I mean, and granted they're running ads through it and people get to enjoy your content for free. So it's not like scammy. It's just like, what do you like, just influencer. Your paychecks Are wild. Like really mean. Like, I'm just like posting selfies Right now. But it's so fun. Like, I love Snapchat 'cause I left the fucking TikTok creator program like two years ago. Really? Yeah. I hated that. Like shadow bans. You really? Yeah. I hate It. I love It. You're on it. Oh yeah. It doesn't Shout up. I've made maybe 37 cents. That's what I'm saying. Like, I fucking hate It.


Yeah. I can't. They Just started doing like, if they feel like your quality's like high or, or if you feel, if you feel like your content is high quality, they give you a bonus. So like, what the fuck? Sometimes, sometimes they'll do like times too. Like multiply your money if they think like, oh times well made. Yeah. I, well, I mean, I could work my whole life to try to get that times too. And I would die without it. No, I'm literally not Shit's filmed on a toaster And I've got a hair sticking straight up. Like I'm not getting. Oh my God. But that's, That's insane. I just hate doing Like, I minute longer videos too. Like I Oh, I, I Love it. I'm Like, I let me chop, Talk chop. No, I really will be making like 10 minute tiktoks and then I just make like three and a half cents. I should figure it out. But whatever.


I'll be fine. This I i this When it was like the days where you could make like a 15 second audio sync video and you'd get paid like 15 bands from it or whatever. That was a thing. Oh my God. That's when I first started. It was like, you could get paid off a videos that were like a second long And I was making so much fucking money and they changed. It's like YouTube used to, YouTube used to be so much more profitable than it Is now. Oh my God. I just had a copyright. She got to live through it. Yeah, I did get to, I did. I love that area. That's what you, If you've been, if you've been, I I've never been like that consistent on YouTube Ever. Yeah. I mean neither. It's so hard. It is hard. It is like, it's so hard. Shout out J Ron And starting off as like a, you know, fucking TikTok or it's like hard to like go from short form to long form. Mm. So it's Like I, And I hate editing. Like you edit your own videos, right?


I edit now I edit like 50% of them, like literally 50 50. I'll kind of, I'll do a video jro, I'll do a video, I'll do a video just to make it like, and you can tell the ones he does, like, it is nuts. I'm like smashing my palm on the fucking keyboard. Like, I know you're good. I don't have the fucking like, which the, the patience to sit there and fucking like rewatch what I just said. Like same. I get it, it piss me off. It's hard Sometimes I'll return to it like months later and then I'll feel like, oh, I can't post this now. It's too late. Mia Is funny. I love posting late shit though now because it's like whatever. It's still, it's a time capsule. That's how I look at it, you know what I mean? And it's camp. Exactly. Yeah. Like, you know what I Mean? Podcast. We're like, yeah, Katy Perry just went to The moon. No, I know. That's the worst thing about touring is they even like this one in our next episode being like, they're gonna be like a week later or something.


And I'm just like, but yeah, When you guys go back on tour, We go back in July. You would kill touring too. I didn't even think about that. I wanna that with Jacob so bad. You guys will and you want hundred percent Will. And you could do like a whole ass variety show with him. He makes great music. On a side note, he's so Talented. Like, I like collab on sweatshirt with him. Sweatshirt. Yeah. Why wouldn't you feature on I, oh my God. I'm like, okay, we need, we need, she's dragging it. Merch, we need you featuring on sweatshirt, please. That's yes. Like a sweatshirt. Remake. Yes. A sweat. Oh, you know who sweatshirt with And you could be Like, I don't want your sweatshirt. You know who Jesse Yummy to make her a a dis track. Who? Mabu. No way. I'm Looking down though. I'm look, do It.


You know Lil Mabu? I don't know you. I don't know actually bitch, Take her on a trip flyer to New York. Sign my nail up on her Tits. And then who did he have in the music video? Who did he have in the music? Chris, Sean Rock. Oh Yeah. Like during all the Baby Baby Baby, what's his Name? Blue Face After Blue Face. And Chaw broke up. He made this song and he had chan in the video and it like broke the internet. You should 1000% do that. I love a dis track. I wanna do a dis track. So bad. It's cathartic. Yeah. I'm Like, it really is. Oh my God. I feel Like I could really cook. I feel Like I would really cook. Especially for, and Just try all the things. I feel like you're in this era of just like freedom and you are so creative. And once again, I feel like, I mean at least I'm thinking about me just as your biggest supporter and fan of everything you do.


Like so many people are gonna love whatever you wanna do. So I'm just so excited to see you like try all those things and like Thank you. I just, ugh, I love you And I wanna have you back on even to like Kiki, it's so crazy that you are 20 years old and you are like this well spoken. Thank you. You know, Like I'm like honored to be on here. Like these, this is Dead Ass. The one podcast that I will consistently keep up with. 'cause I'm so sorry. I'll recommend some better ones. It's so good. It's so fucking good. Like, I love this. I love love you and we love you and you Like, I was just saying this to Camilla And I don't want people to start saying like, Tana says this to everyone, they're gonna anyways. But I don't say this to fucking everyone because it, it takes a special breed of human for me to see any part of myself in them. And like, just from the beginning when we were first messaging, I'm always like, oh my God, like so many of little things that you'll do just randomly.


I'm like, that reminds me of baby me in a lot of ways. And Like, I don't know, just even you being blonde and having all your necklaces, it's like making me think of just, And I just Like, I want nothing but the best for you and Like I always have. And like, you know, I'm, I'm always there for you. Thank you. And just all of those kind of things. And I just fucking love you. I love you guys And I just, I'm really like, it's an honor. Like you could have done any podcast in the world to talk about all of this and it's, I was with Trisha the other day and Trisha was talk, talking about how much that she loves you and then we were looking back at the first few episodes of just Trish and you were one of them and the title was like, Kayla Mallick loves Tana Mongeau. And I was like, oh my God, that's just so sweet. And I'm like just so happy to like form a beautiful friendship and just like be there.


Like, You guys really are an inspiration more than you know, and like as a viewer of the podcast, like the way that y'all go about shit in a way of like, I'm saying this because I wanna say it and not giving a fuck and just like the friendship of it all and like show like J skate, like shit like that. Like the fucking fights of it all. Like it's real as fuck. And I just, I love you guys. Well I love, Thank you for coming On. You are one of the girlies, you know what I mean? Like you are, when we talk about the girls who get it and like whatever like that is so you And I appreciate that messy unapologetically yourself and just like, even when maybe people might want you to shut the fuck up, doubling down and like just continuing to speak your fucking truth how you want, like this is your life and yes, fuck those haters in those bots And I just love you.


Yeah, I love you guys man. This is so fun. Yay. Aw. Thank you. Thank You. We did it.


Riley Herps from 2311 racing here. And you know what grinds my gears Waiting for coffee, but instead of counting frappes and lattes, I fire up Chumba Casino. No apps, no fuss. Just fun social casino games to pass the time. By the time my coffee's ready order for Riley, I've already taken a few victory laps. Next time you're stuck waiting, make it entertaining. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Lowe's knows to bring your vision to life. It's important to find the right color. That's why Mil Lowe's rewards members. Get a free paint or exterior stain sample to test your look and find the perfect color to confidently refresh your space. Lowe's, we help you save. Offer valid in-store only six 19 through 6 25, limit one per customer while supplies last discount. Taking a time of purchase. See associate for details, programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.