
You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit. To get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash a rts, just go to indeed.com/a RTS right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast.


Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need. When we started writing our thoughts down on paper, it opened up endless possibilities. Ideas could grow beyond the borders of the mind and it changed the world. Somewhere along the way, we lost touch with paper, distracted by devices made for every purpose except for thinking and focus on edge, waiting for the next notification. But what if new technology didn't pull us away from paper but brought us closer to it? Listen, that's not paper. It's the sound of the new remarkable paper pro rewriting the future.


A paper tablet with a true color ink display, gentle reading light and unheard of tactility with digital features for taking notes, thinking and organizing without any distractions. Paper is about to change the world. Again, get your paper tablet@remarkable.com today. Hello and welcome podcast. Welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. We have IMARI. Wow. Oh, oh my God, I'm so happy about this. Honestly, me too. I had a great time podcasting with you guys last time. Everybody Loved it. Rightfully so. And you're are our favorite guest, so you've got four more episodes till they turn. It was well received though, unfortunately.


True. I think the three of us podcast really well together because I am good friends with both of you. Honestly. I feel like, Yeah. I hate these other bitches. Fuck Paige. Just feel Like, I mean we go back further than like you and Paige and stuff. Yeah. And there's just like a lot more lore and memories to talk about and we have our own memories that we've built without her. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Fuck her too. We just love you so much that people love you so much and we won't hate from you. You're the best. And we've been like, it's just, it's very interesting like as you bank episodes, I think sometimes it's just like you can tell like we did one the other day where I think I yawned maybe like 412 times and Like I was just trying so hard.


But Like, I don't know. This is nice. Tired. Yeah. And just like you're a good conversationalist. You make it easy. Which is nice. Love that Song. Now what? I'm like, shit. That's all. Wait, Thank you guys for Tuning it. Earlier we were like laughing about something really funny. So back in the day, like in high school when we would go to Starbucks, like what reminded me today is Tana had a sweet tea and when we were in high school, Tana used to go into Starbucks And I Dunno where you're going with this and I'm scared Her iced black tea with 30 pumps of sugar. No, not kidding. She would say 30. Sometimes she'd cut back and do 28. Like I'm not kidding though. It would actually be like 30 pumps of sweetener and it was actually the most insane thing. Do they do That? Yes. I feel now that would be like a, A health and safety thing.


No, It's like honestly, if I ordered one right now, it's good as shit. It's good ass Shit. It was an expensive drink too. Yeah, I bet. Isn't it like 50 cents a pump? Just Tell them you wanna drink classic syrup like Ns the tea. Oh my god. Maybe I was pre-diabetic. It was so funny though. Well if you weren't then you are now. I just saw her sweet tea and for some reason it just made me think back to that. I was like, damn. Do you remember back in the day when you were really out here getting 30 puffs of sweetener? Very frequently? I think it's just Like, I don't, I don't know if you can attest to this or like, like there were no like food laws in my home. Like I don't know how to explain it At all. And also, well I had like obviously in my house I was allowed to eat anything And I was like a very much like Oreos, Cheez-Its kind of household.


And so when I discovered like health, it was like, oh my god, I'm, I'm such a genius. But I was like 15 or whatever And I was so obsessed with it that I didn't know anything like accurate. So I would drink like 75 Jamba juices in a day and I'm like, why am I, why am I gaining so much weight? Did you have like a favorite afterschool snack? Oh, Are you kidding? Listen to me when I tell you this. I was such a fucking monster. I used to, I used to wake up, my grandpa would make me like a breakfast sandwich, pancake, something. I would go to school, I would have a calzone and a french bread pizza for lunch with a brownie cookie and a soda. Okay. And on the way home from school, three hours later I would get a big Mac, a big Mac, fries, sauce, everything.


And that was just afterschool snack. My family eats dinner at 5:00 PM So then literally two hours later I would have a full dinner, whatever it was, it was probably fucking Pot roast Or pork chops or some shit. And then at 9:00 PM I would be starving again. So I would have another, I was at, I was a fuck like the biggest back of all time. You're like today drained me. No babe, you're in a food coma. No, it was crazy. That's Every day. Yeah, Actually. And my grandma bless her heart, but she like even before she had dementia she never ever stopped going, are you hungry? Are you hungry? And it's always, yes. That's actually so sweet though. You know what I was just thinking about that my dad would do that. I have not like talked about enough in life is that like he very much would look at the ingredients in the house, like whatever they could be and like make it like slop, like, you know what I mean?


Like just like eggs with grape jelly, spaghetti with grape jelly. Like whatever, like the items. I Love that. It's like, what's his name? Spencer, for my Carly. Very Spencer coated. But it would be so disgusting And it's crazy if you really think about, it's Like I'd rather eat grape jelly plain and then spaghetti like how are you serving me? Like spaghetti with grape jelly and then you're mad that I won't eat it. It's like, like why the fuck You Complaining? Go Somewhere else then you fucking Whore. And it was always, it was always go somewhere else. Then where the fuck am I gonna go IMARI actually on Call our man that if you're fucking hungry. And I would, I'm like, don't worry girl. I'm on the way with Pop-Tarts.


My God. That's So funny to think about this. What else were we talking about? Good god. My go-to after school snack, like my dad would pick me up from school or like after track practice or dance practice. I've tried every single blizzard there is from Dairy Queen. Oh yeah. Because there was a Dairy Queen right next to our school. So every day after practice he would take me through the drive through and my siblings would be pissed 'cause they didn't get one. But I mean I was just harder working. I Feel You Still eat Like I just described. What'd You say? 100%? Like you can eat Anything. Ugh. He has an entire dresser under his television with no socks and underwear. All of the drawers are filled With candy. Okay, First of all, she's lying on my name.


I have a tiny little spot in. Lemme clarify. When I see, Let me, let me clarify because my socks and underwear are in a drawer in my closet. There's a word of that what I'm saying. No, but the dresser, there's like, there's, there's two drawers that are dedicated to candy. Okay. And they're massive. Yeah, they are big two big drawers that yes it they are. Yeah, it is too much for sure. And I just can't let someone think that I have a dresser full of candy that's a little Excessive. Two Big drawers of your dresser makes the story know better. I know. You know, I know the, and Nicole came over to do my hair and Kim's looking through the pantry pantry and she was just like, is there any candy? And I was Like, I don't know maybe. And she's like, should I go to Amari's room? The fact that like even she knows that's No, the guests know like sometimes like ye sometimes she'll just come storming into my room and she's like, can I get some candy?


I'm like, Yes, yes, it's me. Willy Wonka the candyman of the friend group. No, But I love that About you. But I will have my own candy brand one day. Mark my words. You Need To, I want a beef brand. I, I reached out to Mike Maack, I was like, who's Got the beef? And then he, it's so funny. He responded like so intelligently. He Did. He had a really insightful answer. I almost regret sometimes I regret asking Mike Mala questions. Yeah. Because he'll just like, so he, He really like takes it there And I love him so much. I'm so grateful for it. But then I, Like, I came to And I was like, having a meat brand is a cancelable offense. I guess it is. Maybe. But then I'm also like, you eat beef all the time. Like what? Like I know. It's not like you're slaughtering the cat. No, I sound it's wrong. I don't even like it coming outta my mouth.


Do you know that I reached out to PETA to try and work with PETA and they rejected me. Do You know that you also did a meet and greet in a shirt that said people eat tasty animals with The pet logo? Oh shit, They actually sent that back. I'm not No way. Can you swear? No way. I Love animals. I really am passionate And I do love animals but I'm out of vegan And I do eat animals. They clocked the shit outta, you know, You know some intern, it was like their third day and they were just, they had time. They're Like this is too easy. No, I guess I just like, for some reason I was like, why? How could you get rejected from doing like charity work? That is actually like very wild. When you put it that way though, it's like, because like obviously you're, you're following like you, you could provide.


Yeah, I think I didn't realize there were like levels to it or I figured that there were levels to it And I thought that Like I could be an animal lover and advocate without having to be like a vegan. Very serious. Has anybody ever done peta? 'cause wasn't there a point in time where you like did Peta almost like Playboy, like bitches remember like would be in Like I the fake her Works with PETA a lot. Yeah. But I feel like she is a vegan Pamela Anderson. Yeah. She's Like I, I'm saying like Huge animal. Has anybody ever done PETA that isn't like, is Chloe Kardashian a vegan? I know she worked with peta. Let's Get Tara's World on track. Know. Is she vegan? Yeah, she is. She's been doing my Ooh Yeah, she has I all I saw. I love Her. Anyway, sorry Peta.


Oh no. It'll never happen again. No. Yeah, We don't say that enough. Like just some niche ass shit. Just, it'll never happen again. It'll never Happen. I say that actually a lot. K Chloe Kardashian is not vegan. I didn't, Erin just searching K Kardashian with is so funny. Oh my god. With a K. So sad. Have you ever heard a gay man with a spray tan? I just saw him. I just saw him. Oh my God. I love him. When I see him we literally will be like, hi with a K. If there's one thing you guys know about me, it's that Murphy and Mouse. My cats are my pride and joy. Okay. I love my cats more than I love my friends, my family, my co-host, my fiance, everybody.


But if you guys recall, mouse does struggle a little bit with his eating habits. He is known to eat regular household items that no animal should consume. And so naturally as a good parent, I had to really take a look at what I was feeding my cats. It felt nearly impossible to find a food that both of my cats would like because Murphy's really picky and Mouse is a Bengal so he has to have really high quality food. A few months ago I started feeding them smalls, which has been a godsend. Okay? Because not only do they both love it, but it's protein packed ingredients with no preservatives. It has made my life exponentially easier because they get delivered right to my door. So I just go on every week. I choose which flavors they want and they show up every Friday. And the cats love it so much you guys. If I feel like they're getting tired of something or they've just had too much of something, I just go in, switch their flavors and their life is exciting again.


Mouse's favorite at the moment is ground bird and Murphy prefers smooth pig. They truly love it so much. They finish their food every single time, which is so exciting for me as a mother. And it's exciting for me to see less of my household items disappearing because mouse is full. And yes, of course a cat can survive off of kibble alone. Okay? But it is scientifically proven that our cats are better, healthier, and more functional when they have protein packed diet. After switching to Smalls, 88% of cat owners reported overall health improvements. That is a huge deal you guys. And For a limited time only because you are the Cancelled listener, you can get 60% off of your first order at Smalls plus free shipping by using my code Cancelled. That is 60% off when you head to smalls.com and use promo code Cancelled again, that promo code is Cancelled for 60% off your first order plus free shipping@smalls.com.


Okay, we love our cats. You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit. To get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash a rts, just go to indeed.com/a RTS right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast.


Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need. When we started writing our thoughts down on paper, it opened up endless possibilities. Ideas could grow beyond the borders of the mind and it changed the world. Somewhere along the way, we lost touch with paper, distracted by devices made for every purpose except for thinking and focus on edge, waiting for the next notification. But what if new technology didn't pull us away from paper but brought us closer to it? Listen, that's not paper. It's the sound of the new remarkable paper pro rewriting the future.


A paper tablet with a true color ink display, gentle reading light and unheard of tactility with digital features for taking notes, thinking and organizing without any distractions. Paper is about to change the world again, get your paper tablet@remarkable.com today. Wait Brooke, you're gonna love this. You wanna know what I did recently? Yes. So I went to Vegas and it was to celebrate Mother's Day, but it was a week after and it was during EDC weekend and Zed was performing. Yay. And obviously like we love him, we love Anton. And I was like, fuck, I really wanna go to the show. And like going to the club during EDC weekend, they'll typically give you like a comp table and stuff.


Like if you're from Vegas and if you, I don't know, you don't even need clout or anything like that if you just know the people. Mm. And they period. You can't do that during EDC weekend because it's like everyone comes through with all the money to spend, you know, no free tables are happening. And I'm like, how the fuck do I go to that show? I took it upon myself to text and to I have. And I was like, Hey, like it's IMARI, blah blah blah. Like I'm coming into Vegas, I'm also in town for the weekend. Like I'd love to come to the show with like three friends. And he was like, oh yeah, absolutely. I was like fast, cute. And it was so funny too because like Vegas friends and stuff, everyone's still scrambling to try and go to the show And I'm like, okay, well I have me and my plus three like we're fine to be at the stage and everything that, and everyone's like, people are like, oh my God, like whose table are you going to?


How are you going? How are you going? Blah blah blah. I'm like, Anton, I texted ZI like often think about the Z era of our lives and I'm just like, how? 'cause Ashley was dating Michael who was in this music group called Gray. Yeah. And they made that song like the Middle, why don't you Speak In the Middle? The middle Starving. Yeah. And so we all became like very intertwined and like sometimes I'll just think to myself Like I have this scar on my leg that I got from like running through Resorts world to like jump on and attack Zed. Like I was bleeding everywhere and like whatever. And I'll see him and he is like still nice. And I'm like, it's crazy how much he just like put up with Like, I remember one time he was doing a show at Zoo And I was like crawling on the fucking DJ board and like he got yelled at by Resorts World after that.


There like just so many like memories where it's like he shouldn't still be like letting us In. No Seriously, It was actually amazing. I house sat for that. Like not house sat but, so I had found a dog at the gas station. Stegen. Yes. I found a dog at the gas station. They wanted a dog, Anton and TTI Tia's. Z's brother, Anton's brother. And they lived together and they took the dog. So when they needed a babysitter for the dog, I would go to Z's house to babysit the dog. And it's like at the time he was living in like his ad house, like the architectural Digest fucking mansion. The Craziest, most beautiful mansion of all time. But all glass, like all glass windows. So I'd be sitting there on the couch like, and it would be dark outside.


And I was like, oh my God, everyone in this city can see right into me on this couch right now. And he'd get so scared. It's such an interesting house. Like it really is like house was Amazing Spot. He was so ta. And one time I'm, I'm sitting there on the phone, I'm already like kind of freaked out. I'm freaking myself out, I'm hearing noises and all of a sudden every light in the house goes off 'cause it, they're controlled by their, he controlled him on their his phone. And I was fucking, every time I grabbed that dog so fast, I took it to my apartment and he stayed with me for the rest of the weekend. I was Like, I amm not going there. That Is so funny. Was he fucking with you? I don't know. I think it was like an accident. I also don't even know if he knew I was there. 'cause it was Like I was there for Ardi. Yeah. But That was a fun time. I miss like that era. Like I loved Vegas, his party so much. I used to go to Vegas every single weekend no matter who it was.


Martin Garrick's, anyone. I'm like, how do I get in the DJ booth? Yeah. And why, what is the like it's just so funny the psychology behind that like feeling like you're just Like, I remember I'd be like, oh my God, like I'm gonna flash my tits behind Z and I'm so Cool. It's like put them away and it works. It was like the most amazing thing. 'cause the first time I went to Vegas, it was like my friend Nana I was with and the guy picked her outta the crowd and he was like, come with me. Took her, took us to the DJ booth and we never left for three years. And if you Really think about it, it's just like you're just in a booth. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, but no it was but but it's because I guess Like I had come from Coachella And I was like, oh my God I'm, I'm a million miles away from Dylan Francis or Martin Garrick's or whatever it is.


And this is the coolest, most like amazing thing in the world. Mm. I cannot believe that I can just go to Vegas and be this close to them and yeah And like watching them do that shit, especially when it's people who are like high level talented, like insane is so cool. Yeah. Yeah. And people are like rolling like yeah, some people roll And What I was I miss when he was not because he's sober now, right? Yeah. He looks so good. I was like holy shit. I was like, what the fuck? And that's what was cool too. Like how you're saying it's cool seeing them in their element and stuff. Like being back there. Like I typically don't care to be like at, I mean being at the DJ booth is obviously awesome and more convenient, but being at a table also doesn't suck at all either. But something that it being during EDC weekend, 525,000 people flew into Vegas to like just be at this fucking crazy festival and stuff.


Like seeing that, I was like, holy shit. I felt cool. I felt cool there. I'll say it. Cool. And I was, hey man with with the spray tan. I, And I think I was more excited to see him than c that I'm not even kidding. You guys should have him on the podcast. He would have like a lot of lore. But I'm just like, we're always teetering the line of that Kardashian cease and desist. I know, I'm, I'm actually like just afraid. Like I, Speaking of Skims, like sent me a bra the other day and asked me to make a TikTok for it. And I was like, some intern doesn't know. Some intern. Are you Sure? Sometimes I just like lose track of like what we say and stuff too. Like I was, I ran into Hailey the other day. Ber, no I like created Hailey Bieber and I'm, I'm like afraid to look her in the eye 'cause like God forbid she came across a clip one day and like someone saying Like I never say anything bad about Hailey Bieber by the way.


But I'm Like, I get scared 'cause I'm like, what if she's like that dumb? I think she's safe. I don't have we ever, I dragged, no I dragged rode through the mud on TikTok because their lip product made like melted my lips off my face And I just knew 'cause it got Millions of, I think that was a Coincidence. I don't know. They didn't disclose that the tree nuts in their products and my lips melted off my face and it was crazy. You read the fine print it Actually, I probably could have filed a lawsuit. We're not gonna talk about that. You can, but no, I did not read any fine print. There was no fine print. It's like somewhere like look, look at your shit. Look at Your shit. Does not say contain nuts.


Although this flavor is called peanut butter. Okay, well I don't think watermelon had anything like that in there, but it was crazy 'cause I just knew like when that TikTok started blowing up and getting millions of views, I just know the road offices were like in shambles with my TikTok pulled up on. Yeah they were slang a PowerPoint. And I was like, well yeah, they're, they're fine. They don't need me. I'll kill myself. My slander did nothing. No, I'm a kiss house. I don't even care. Hailey, I love you. I love Hailey. Honestly. I love, I do. I always have ridden for her. She has everything. But you get Hate for that these days. People are like, you're Well now it's flipped. You would like her now it's flipped. It's so wild the way the internet works because now it's like she's a billionaire and we always should have loved her now that she has money.


No, I Think that what the slip was was everyone was like, Justin sucks. Or like, Justin's like obviously like not that nice to her sometimes. Yeah. So I think people started being like, wait, she's amazing. Well That Vogue thing was crazy. Koa could tell me that And I would fucking smack him upside his head. And I'm never gonna be on the cover of Vogue. I can't even imagine someone who like has a viable valid chance. You know? It's like, and just to post that like is all of Her like especially there's like something to be said. I feel like that happens a lot where people wanna make your big moments like somehow about them. And I feel like that he, I mean you know what Billy? I made a song about that. Yeah. It's just, yeah, I thought the Vogue post was crazy too. 'cause it's just like, imagine that coming from your husband and like someone that's just like so successful.


Like Justin Bieber, you know, it's like, It's Embarrassing. Yeah. It just feels like you're getting like shot on, you know? Yeah. Like damn, Like I won good things for me too. But She has, she has been on the cover of Vogue like before now. Oh really? Yeah. And he only has two Vogue covers and she's in both of them. Period. That is why like, it's just, I don't, I don't understand it all to be honest with you. I'm Also, I, I'm not a Justin Bieber hater. I just, I don't like that caption. I know it sucks because I love him so much, but it's like That ain't no man. I think just like any like adding anything to the fire when, when Pete Shey gets so much hate and then being like, and borrow the way I said never Shit. You've gotta be like socially aware of the like my husband hates me, final boss, yada yada.


And then you're just gonna like throw gasoline on that. Yeah. It's very interesting. I wish nothing but the best for them. I don't know these people At all. Me neither at all. I really teetered the line of being like so unbelievably parasocial and then like also so frustrated with how unbelievably parasocial everyone else is. Honestly Real. I think you guys don't know these people and like also Like, I don't know these people 100% but you know what I mean? This is, this is our job. We have no choice. I wonder what would happen if we just completely rebranded Cancelled. Like right now. Like starting right now, our next episode. Like we only talked about like philosophical shit and like architecture and like It'd unbelievable.


They Would end us. It's kind of a funny segment though, if we started like having Devin look up like things and quizzing us or like, you know, no I, You know what I mean? Always thought we should have an ed educational segment or like a vocabulary lesson since we like get so many words wrong. Yeah. Or at the very Least Talk about what we've gotten wrong on the previous episode. That would be really funny. Like the things we learned from the last episode. Like for example, the time I said elders Don Los was a really minor disease. Wait, wasn't I on that episode? I mean we were talking about just Clarifying probably. We talked about, talked about a lot though. Do you Have it? We dunno because Like I said to you, I was feeling like complete and utter shit and then I came home And I feel great.


So I think, well are you just talking about like right now in life? No, just generally speaking. Like do you think you have like ERs don those flare ups? I don't know. You're so valid. You're so it's adding to the Natalia Grace allegations. No, no, you're valid. I know my scoliosis is so bad. My hip is actually dislocated and like, And I was joking about it all across tour And I come home And I have Like, I don't know the term it ends in like s with my muscles something and Dr. J's exact words were like, things are just compressing like, I'm like compressing too fast, which is like now affecting my hips and knees and arms and like everything attached to my spine. So it's, you start getting shorter.


Well, yes. And do you think that's Why your, you say your feet keep growing You, do you think like You're smooching into the ground and your base is getting wider? Whoa. Like dead ass. Probably your feet are collapsing. Like probably, I'm not even kidding. When I come home I have to do stem cells. What's that? I don't know where they inject stem cells into all my shit. I think that's good. I think that it is supposed to be really good. Yeah. But it's just Where it was. It feels very babies bloody to me. Like what do you mean stem cells? Where does that come from? Does that come from like placenta and shit? I think it, I think stem cells are from, no, I have no idea. I was gonna just, I was just gonna start spreading misinformation. Yeah. I got my prevo results. Oh, I was literally just about To ask that.


And, And I didn't have anything like crazy. I had like findings. I had like something with my thoracic vertebrae or something. I have fluid in my uterus that's not supposed to be there. I have cysts on my uterus. I have cysts on my liver. What do I have then All That Tylenol do I have a Person living in there. I have a cyst on my liver. I have, it's all like very minor though. And there's some just informational findings. For example, my breast tissue is denser than others. I swear to God it said that. It did say that. It says I have implants, which was a shock.


But, but it is very like, it's cool 'cause now, I mean I don't have cancer, I don't have tumors. I don't have anything like how Many obligations to talk about it on the podcast? Did they give you I Already covered 'em like two episodes going. I'm just trying to share something with my friends. That is really funny. The reason I say that is because this brand was just asking me to like organically talk about their product on the podcast. And it's like the most inorganic thing. Whatever I've, you'll know. Come on Get played honest. But first prevo.com/slash Brooke Schofield. No, but I kind of love that. I love when brands want that. 'cause it's like, like we don't get it very often right? Where a brand is asking us to organically talk about something on a podcast.


But I bet like that's happening all the time for Yeah. The brand safe podcast of the world. You know, I really wanted to do it. So I was like, yeah of course I'll talk about it. But now I'm, I have, I'm supposed to post it on Instagram And I posted it on my stories And I've, I saw I got ripped apart. Why? Why? Because It's Like, I, I actually understand it 'cause it's like Very expensive. It's very expensive and it just feels like if people are like, this is so tone deaf, like most people can't afford this. And Like I understand that too. So it's like maybe I just don't post it. Maybe I just pay for it and shut the fuck up. But It was very, It was something I wanted to know. And You're an influencer and you're posting for some shit. Like I think that that is one of the like crazy doesn't feel real.


What the fuck? Insane perks of being an influencer or Just like a luxury that obviously like a lot of people can't afford. But there are, Well more so saying that other people would take that perk if given. I just think like, you know, some people can't get a mammogram but like people should get mammograms if you can't. Yeah. Also why are mammograms so antiquated? Why that felt Like I was just saying words. I don't know what antiquated mean But like, like how they smash your tit in between like two fucking big plates. Oh I think they're really looking for something, but it's like There's gotta be See Elon Musk do something. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well American healthcare is just like really disgusting and disturbing anyway. I can't get health insurance. Nobody can get health insurance. You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday.


How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash a rts. Just go to indeed.com/a RTS right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast.


Terms and conditions apply. Hiring Indeed is all you need. Lowe's knows July 4th savings are worth celebrating right now. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off. Two or more Select major appliances plus get three Scott's Naturescapes, 1.5 cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details. Excludes Alaskan Hawaii. I am coming to the realization that I think I have OCD, antiquated, old fashioned or outdated.


Wow. Use that one, right? Wow. You did. You could definitely have OCD. It sucks. 'cause and it's also just very funny, like me saying I have OCD because the public perception of OCD for the most part is like organized and like whatever, you know what I mean? Like I don't Have that kind was like, what do you mean? But That's very like rare. I feel like most people's OCD is like, like ruminating thoughts or like, or random rituals that like some people wouldn't even know about. Yeah. I feel like mine is very much ruminating thoughts And I like, for a while I just thought it was anxiety and then it's just Like, I don't know, it's becoming more and more prevalent to me. Like the other night I'm in the kitchen with Koa and he's cooking me dinner and I'm replaying over and over and over in my head that he could take the knife he's cooking dinner with and stab me to death right now.


And like could not stop. It's like, Macca's not gonna stab you to death. So weird. It's, that's really Weird. And I just like, oh my God. I just keep having shit like that happen to me where I have like a constant, I had one on stage and it freaked me the fuck out. Like in Amsterdam? Yeah. For our last show where I was just Like, I could literally like shit and fucking scream into the mic right now. Like I could just walk off stage. I could just like, like my brain was ruminating on the fact that like, like pretty well if I stopped, yes, if I stopped just like telling the show I could like yell my deepest, darkest secret right now. I could like whatever to the point that I was like freaking the fuck out on stage. And I was like, damn, I think I have OCD and it's crazy 'cause this could like affect my, So how do you go about getting diagnosed with that?


Do you talk to a psychiatrist? I should probably do that. I've been talking to like Jake, Shane and Mike May laugh. Like that's Not, I think I have mental Tourettes. Why do you think that? I don't know. I have like certain things or like I'll get the most random like flashbacks that are so specific and it like, it'll be like weeks at a time. I'll get the same one. Same one, same one, same one. And then like something new will be it. But it's like always it, Like I put myself in a very specific memory in a very specific place and for some reason like, like when I'm doing my makeup I'm like there, it's so weird that, but it's like in my head it's Like I picture like a record player And I picture it like stopping on that. Like my brain like stops on that little thing and then it, You don't feel like you're like maladaptive daydreaming All these words? No, 'cause it's, it's a like Shut the fuck after that I'm not like moving through anything.


It's like literally just like all of a sudden I'll remember like being in a house somewhere like when I was six. Yeah. And I'm like, oh that's Really weird. That's are they doing? Don't know if that's Tourettes, but But it's like uncontrolled. Like I can't control thinking about it. How adaptive daydreaming is excessive, vivid daydreaming that interferes with daily life and relationships causing distress and hindering functioning. I've always kind of done That. That just in general. Yeah. Like I, I like love doing that to fall asleep. I, that has been like what brought me through like most of my life. 'cause it's so fun to like imagine my life a certain way. Yeah. And By that I Mean whatever. I asleep a lot too. Like just like put myself in like some random situation. Like I even, whether it's like real life or if I put myself in like a show or like, Like I put myself in Grey's Anatomy so many times or like a video game or something like that.


And then I start actually dreaming Like I fall asleep and then I'm now I'm in it And I'm like, oh hell yeah. Oh That's cool to transfer it into your dreams. Mine does not work like that. Oh. For a year I was like, where am I going with Pete Davidson? I have to cut it, I have to cut that. I literally have to cut that. I'm gonna kill myself. I'm Like, I my worst enemy. Like I think it's Aw He loves you waking up.


Like that's my man. For real. No, but for, for a while I felt like if I maladaptive, daydream something I could like make it come true And I won't get into those ones. Seriously. It's just like too much. But once again I'm obviously psychic. Duh. So Like I was really hoping that one would just, you know, wrinkle Into reality. Less psychic. More witch. For Sure. That's crazy. Oh my god. So earlier we were talking about, speaking of going somewhere with someone earlier we were talking about where like what, where you may be going in your relationship you think you might be getting proposed to.


Oh Well I know I'm getting proposed to What? Okay. No honestly also. But you said it is funny. No, well IMARI wasn't with like we talk, we like are very open about it. Like we talk about it, we know we're getting engaged but that's So cute. I God love lockdown. I'm so excited. But I am very like, I'm being really annoying about it. First of all, I'm asking Bibe every day, am I getting engaged today? Am I getting engaged today? Am I getting? And he Do You think she's gonna be like, yes, I know for they're both like shut the hell up or we're never gonna do it. I Love weird, but Bebe is being a little suspicious right now because she wanted to get her nails done today or she made an appointment three days ago for us to get her nails done today.


Which is already just like, we don't, we don't do that. Yeah, me Bibi go day of. Yeah. Spur of the moment. How often do you guys get your nails done together versus Mom? Every time but we don't make an appointment. It's always like, do you need your nails done? Yeah I need my nails done. We go. So she made an appointment but then I, we honestly, I do sound crazy. She, I couldn't go today. It was, the appointment was for today made three days ago And I said I can't go today. And she goes, instead of saying, okay, I'll go without you, she said Okay then I'm gonna have to move our appointment. Which makes me think I have to get my nails done, which means I'm getting engaged obviously. How likely is the scenario of her going without you versus moving your appointment for the two of you?


I Just Like, I think neither of us would move the appointment after already like planning it days ago we'd just be like, ah fuck You also, what kind of nails is she gonna get? Isn't she a lesbian now? Yeah. Imagine That's why she's so eager is just to get the like acrylics with the two gel figure. No she has like her little like tiny nails right now. But No, but also, But like yes she is, I overheard at some point on tour of you and Miles having a conversation about it potentially happening before Australia. So that's why I am Like, I know, but now I don't wanna disappoint myself that way because it's like, what if it isn't? And like there's nothing on my books. You know what I mean? It's not like we're like, we happen to be going somewhere. Or like, yeah. What do you mean you happen to be going down under No, I mean like no, Like a date or something.


Like a a plan. Oh I'm literally an idiot. Yeah. So like, so I don't know. I know it's not gonna be like a big proposal 'cause I don't want a big proposal But so like what is it? So when you say you don't want a big proposal, like what, And I think I Agree with you. I think it's like nice, you know, but like what's, what's your dream proposal I guess is what I'm asking? Yeah. I don't know. Like that's hard. I don't have a dream proposal. I have like almost just the opposite. Like what I don't want it to be. Okay. I think because I have so much like, like birthday trauma. Not like you're not the birthday trauma but I know you're gonna assume you are. But like No I've always felt really weird about like big grand gestures or anything like that 'cause it just makes me like anxious.


So I have never wanted that. I want it to be like, so like chill us two. I want it to be cute still. I don't want him to do it at Burger King. Well I just don't think anyone should ever propose to someone in a restaurant in general. I don't know. I would rock with the Chili's proposal. Chili's. I want a proposal for a brand deal plan. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what I would want. He's always said like he he's, he feels like he's just gonna know exactly when he wants to do it and he's gonna do it. What if that's in like an eron? Like do you think he means it like that? No, I don't think he means it like that. No, no. He doesn't think's cool That you both just like know. I think it's good too, like where he's at in his life, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. With him being older, I think he'll make sure that it's like really Relative.


Yeah. I feel like it's gonna be so even just like knowing the both of your like aesthetic, it's gonna be very like Pinterest and like, you know, She's not, he doesn't have an aesthetic. Yes he does. I don't have an aesthetic. I feel like Miles is very like cool girl as a guy. What? I don't know how to explain that. You Think So we went to his par or like to his dad's birthday was the other day and we went and had lunch with them and his mom told him like as we were leaving and she goes, I really love you so much more than you're with her. Oh. Like I Honestly Awesome was like, wait what? That's so sweet Though. That is cute. So what a funny way to say that. Yeah. She's Like, I really love you And I love you so much more now that she's here. That's so sweet. He's like, love you too.


But yeah, I guess I would've liked to have had like a like oh my God, I'm so surprised. But like now I'm like, tell me when it is. I want to know. No One's telling You when It's no Like I need an outfit. You'll have an outfit. She Refreshes Revolve new today every day. Right. Like I don't think there's anybody who like, like There's not an item on Revolve that I have not seen. Like I feel like people go on and then they see new today and they're like, hell yeah. New today. But Brooke is like, what is new today? Today I do. And now I'm doing it on the RealReal as well. It's Like I, it's a part of my major social media. Don't tell her that. No, but I just, I need to stop. You know why I need to stop? Because I made a pile of all my like vintage things that I've been buying to do a hall for a YouTube video And I put it beside my bed and as I'm putting this pile beside my bed, I think to myself, this is really dumb to just like put all these things like right where my feet go and then I woke up the other morning like 8:00 AM to me just cracking a pair of Chanel sunglasses In out.


No. Well Why was with the sunglasses on the ground? Because I was like This is my wall pile. 'cause why wouldn't she? You know? It's so true. I've been looking on the real world specifically for you 'cause you have a birthday coming up. Oh My god. That's very sweet. Yeah, I have it on the hunt for a gift for her too And I'm like, oh my God, Everyone's so nice. It's gonna Have to be secondhand this time. Girl, I'm still Brian. I'm like, I'm like rent's real expensive These days. Can I say this is one of the sweetest gifts I've ever received though because I do, now that I switch them a lot, I like take off my card. This is the like skip this part. We'll put a time on the screen where this part is over. I switch my Cartier bracelets from wrist to wrist a lot because I like to change up my stack and when I do that I open it And I see Jorts McGee And I think it's very sweet.


Oh I forgot that that's on that what? I forgot that that's on there. It always just makes me laugh because I know that is the only time in Cartier's history that they have seen Jorts McGee engraved into a solid gold Bracelet or Sure. You know, And I had to wait a few extra days for that too. I was Like, I give this to her today. Instant grad or gratification. I had to wait days for it. No, I think that's awesome. Alright Everyone we're back. Whatever the fuck. Wait, I wanna talk about something. Speaking of George McGee, like when you guys were just on tour, everyone was seeing George Skate finally for the first time. Yeah. Which I think is just hilarious. Did she you on? I'm not on either of your guys' teams. Well it's funny because Like I always Well you're Side of history.


No, I can always, And I can always see both sides because like, well first of all like, because I know you guys, I just, I I can just see, I could feel you guys arguing. Like I could just put myself in that room and just being like, Like, Like, okay, she's right. Okay, she's right. Okay, now she's right. Okay, now she's right. Like yeah, you know, it's tough And it's just so funny because Like, I obviously see this shit all over TikTok and stuff and people like taking sides and everything And I just like the way people are like almost making it seem like you guys literally fucking hate each other. Makes me like absolutely laugh. 'cause I'm just like, you guys, this is where the Parasocial jumps out with people. It's like you guys, if you guys fucking hated each other's guts, you guys wouldn't be sitting on these couches right now, you know?


A hundred percent. And like you guys wouldn't be touring together and stuff. And it's just Like, I, they act like that like ended your guys' friendship or something like that. And there's like sides to it. No, there's there's a new one because I, we were like, honestly I was kind of a, I was being, I'm gonna admit it right now. When She hit you with the stop poking the bear was like, damn kind Do another, no, it was a couple episodes Later she lost to poke the bear. It wasn't, it wasn't even the Jort skate. It's like, it's a new one. It's because we were talking in, I dunno. She said, Why are you getting so defensive? Yeah, yeah, yeah. After fucking poking at me And I was like, oh my God, Thank you Jesus. But it's, I thought I was playing a game with like the rest of the room, which I'm sometimes doing like sometimes at my Xbox and see this is exactly what, like, this is where the sisterhood jumps out.


I know. And like, God, That's, And I swear to God it's so funny too 'cause I watched that back And I was like, this is Tuesday. I wasn't Like, I didn't even think like, wow, this is like, 'cause I'm just like, that is Our dynamic. I know, but then in my head I'm like, there's so many omitted details, so many ways to interpret this. But the general consensus, And I know usually if, if the masses are on a side, I'm probably on the wrong side. But I also, you know what I mean, like that Like people do just fill in so much. Yeah. Like even with J Ski, even with whatever, like the way that, you know what I mean? Like yes. They saw Jort skate. Yes. They saw that episode of the podcast and we put it out there. So it's Like, I don't care. I'm just saying I think that then people assume and like just fill in everything else and it's kind of just like, you Know.


Yeah. But but basically I was like, you don't go outside. And I was like, you would have so much more fun if you went outside, but like, you don't. And she was Like, I, I wanna work. And I was like, oh, this Is like where you in like Ireland or something. Yeah, Yeah. And so I formally ap. I, I apologize. I actually did Apologize. You Can't even get it out. That's not true. I apologize to you. On my own time I did. I said, you know what, I am sorry. 'cause that was Like, I was being a, but in my head, Like I really let me go ahead and go back on everything. I would, I would never wanna cut into your work time. I wanna cut into your time playing. I only Play good sorting Match at night. And now the new game would be adventure And on planes And I on planes and on planes.


Have you Ever seen me play it? Not on a plane Or not at night. You need to get some accountability go. She'll be Like, I played good sorting match for seven hours yesterday. And Then I'll be like, but you said you didn't have time to go outside. And she'd be Like, I was working it's fucking day Time only on a plane. Wait, that was so real though. I played good sorting match for seven hours. But That's, that's the time I wanna cut into, I wanna cut into your good sorting time. But then, but then people are like, well if she wants to sort goods, shake can sort And I not everything's about you. It's also in the midst of fucking la Boo Boo Gate. Okay. And you bitches are just WWE over a stuffed doll. I'm like the goods, I sort themselves Like I have my, you're Like, I have anxiety, I need to sort goods.


So all of this, I'm not kidding, there would be some points in the green room where like BB or just anyone, just, something would be happening and I'd be Like, I gotta sort my guts. It actually became like my, my golden mechanism. You're like, Nicole, where's My phone? But theme had a common theme and that was, I just wanna spend more time with my friends in Europe. See when that whole thing happened, like when I was seeing stuff, I could also see both sides of that too. It's like, duh, you wanna create memories with someone and stuff. And like, it's like these are like once in a lifetime opportunities and stuff and who knows when you'll ever be back in this place with these people. But then again, it's also like, yeah, if the bitch is tired, the bitch is tired and it's like, you know, just, and you Are tired. I'm definitely, I'm the sleepy care bear. Yeah. I also, I also think that it is Like I just, our perceptions of things sometimes are different and you very much are the type of person who's Like, I only see this out like in my per, you know what I mean?


And like, you guys might not be going back for like a long time 'cause Miles doesn't like to fly and like you guys were looking at this with this like beautiful new eye and like vacation and whatever. And I think I was very much looking at that as like, and this is obviously a privilege to even like say this, Like, I don't want to say it and come off like crazy, but like, I'd been to Paris, I'd been to London, Like I'd been, I wasn't, And I just can't, I can't like truly just no matter what, like with the shows, Like, I, I don't know. Yeah. Like I know it did make me feel bad though. 'cause I felt like, and you've said it, but like you did not have a good time. You know what I mean? And that like, that I felt bad 'cause I was Like, I feel like you would've enjoyed it more if you Like, I understand I Had concepts of a good time, But you know what I mean? You kept saying Like, I won't say what you compared it to, but you, you really had a horrible time.


And like the whole time I was Like, I felt like if you were like really like spending your days out, you would've not maybe had such a horrible time. But I also understand that maybe we wouldn't have had gotten to the show if we Yeah, I just Yeah. Because even in the US like, you know, my, like my show battery, it's just, it's not, it's not, it ain't what it used to be. And Like, I, it's, and it is harder being sober, I think. 'cause I just feel it all. And like, dead ass truly. Like even just getting out there, I Like, I don't know, like, how nice would it be to tour with zero other obligations? Like, I think that then maybe I would also have more energy, but it's like, oh my God. I don't know. Like I was just like doing a lot of shit. Yeah. But like, it is what it is. You know what I mean? I remember. I know. Well, I do apologize.


I really do. And not, And I Like, I apologize. But I know, I, I did say that a couple times. I Remember when you guys were at the US tour, And I don't even, Like, I, I hope you know, I was never like seeking it. Like I said, I watched it And I was just like this. I know. I Guess I just keep seeing these tiktoks that are like, and there's a huge feud. Yeah. No. And I'm texting her like, wait, is there a huge, I Think anything, it was people just kind of being led into what maybe more so of our off-camera conversations can look like sometimes. Yeah. In Fact we fight worse. That's my sister. That's Funny. With New mc value or McDonald's, you get more than you expect. So after a long day, buy a double cheeseburger and add a McChicken for a dollar because saving with deals is always on the menu.


With new m value prices And participation May vary Value for item of equal or lesser value. Ugh. Spam calls sound familiar. Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts, appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today. I remember like when you was in the US store And I came for the last like two and a half weeks and stuff like, 'cause Mcco wasn't there And I was, and we were sharing a hotel room and like every city we were in, Like I would get up and Like I knew she was fucking exhausted and stuff.


And I also Had raging diarrhea that was like depleted. It's just like God, like actually does test me a little more too, I think. Yeah. And she was just like tired and stuff. I'd wake up and like just walk around the city like completely by myself and I'd ask her like, oh, I'm gonna go do this. Like, do you wanna like come meet me later? Do you want, and she's like, maybe I'm like, it's not gonna happen. But also I'm like, okay, bye. I'm just go do my thing. Like whatever. Yeah. Like I can live. It is one or the other for you. It's also hard though because it's like I'm saying raging diarrhea and then it's like, put the whopper down then. But that's Like, I have a whopper at home And I don't have raging di Like, I don't know what it is. Like just, yeah, it, yeah, it takes such long, That was crazy. Yeah. That diarrhea was nuts. I remember you heard me one night. Yes. And I was just like, what? You said it sounded like pouring oatmeal. Yes. Sounded Into a toilet. It sounded like oatmeal. Like just falling into a toilet.


I was like, oh yeah. It was crazy. We didn't have to say that. I'm happy we did though. It's making me feel closer. I brought my PS five too. I, I remember I turned my PS five on And I was like, no, no, no, no. This is not happening right now. You Know what? I wanna start, I feel like we should all start playing with our N Nintendo switches. So fun. I also appreciate that like, gameplay with other people. Like, just like, like not, yeah. All Sort goods with you. My new one is EdVenture And I don't even, it's worse. It's even worse. I like run a little cafe And I'm deleting it tonight. It's a DHD. Like I do just have crippling a DH ADHD that affects me in so many ways. And it's so hard 'cause it's Like, I don't know, I will say I have a DHD too that a lot of people were like, You Don't know what it's like.


I'm like, no, I actually literally have that. But I, Wellbutrin has completely eliminated like a DHD paralysis for me. Not eliminated, but Like, I do not experience it Like I used to. I used to Like, I, it was Like I have the world to do so I cannot move. I cannot move my eyes, I cannot move my hands stress You out so much. But I'm not like that. Like, I don't know, at home more in the daytime. Like it really, I was just experiencing like an extreme low during tour and like now I feel pretty back and I'm hoping Australia just doesn't do that to me. I don't think It will. Like, I will think It's gonna be good luck and just the dynamics. Yeah, Like, I don't know, like just all of it. Like I'm, I love Bebe so goddamn much, but I think you might be a little less on edge.


I was only on edge for like three days because of Bebe the last three days. But boy was I on edge. I watched that TikTok of you guys eating McDonald's together in your hotel room. The boy was Being So funny about this And I felt rage for you. No, it was Like, I was like, oh my God. The way she was like ripping the food outta your hands and like knocking it all over your bed. But you Needed to be like, mouse was there. That Was, That Was, it was giving mouse and it was, I pictured like just us two And I was just like, oh my God. 'cause I'm so the type of person that like can, I can eat in the bed and like not make a fucking psychotic me. A lot of people can eat in the bed and not make a raging mess, you know? No, I, this one I just ordered like actually like over $200 in stain removing products.


It's, it's getting out of hand. But I was just sitting there watching that And I was just like, oh my god, I really just like pictured like this one right there. And I was like, wow, I really feel for her right now. And then just like, yeah, the way the ripping the other day, the other day we're sitting, we're laying in my bed and mind you, I have my phone in my hand laptop and my hard drive is plugged into my laptop. This bitch right here. First of all, you can't just rip a hard drive out. You have to eject it because then like sometimes your files can go corrupt, you can lose the entire project. I'm working on a YouTube video. She just, no, no questions asked. Just reaches for the cord that my hard drive is plugged into my computer in grab, like literally grabs it, doesn't rip it. And I go, what are you doing? What are you doing? She goes, can I use this charger? Go. That's my hard drive.


And well like still like hand on it. Like let it go. And also ask, ask like, what's your laptop app? Can I use that? Like, you know, maybe even something like that. And then like five minutes later we learn about this feature on iPhones where like when you press this, the camera button or whatever, you can like zoom, like change the zoom, but if you like swipe it up and down, which I didn't know what, and I'm sitting there like amazed by it and you can change it to front camera or whatever. And I'm like, whoa, this is so cool. And I'm experimenting with it. She just rips my phone outta my hand while I'm doing it. And I was like, just what? I'm not gonna go through. You're a barbarian. No. Yeah. She goes, what you think I'm gonna go through your phone? And I was like, no. Like you can go through my phone. I have nothing to hide from you.


It's the fact that you just ripped my phone out of my hand. Not even like a, oh can I see? I wanna try. Or anything like that. Like a, she just, I was like, sometimes I forget that you're like a whole human being and not like we're not one. Both of those things happening within like 15 minutes. I was dumbfounded. My new bit is this, She grabbing her? Oh yeah. No. Yeah, she, she was, we're sitting at the edge of my bed and she grabs my phone from my lap and Like I don't give a shit if she grabs my phone, but she grabs my phone, picks it up instantly, just like brings it so close to my face, swipes it up and just Like, I was like, what the fuck are you doing crack? She's literally Barbaric. No, yeah. I was like, what the hell? Especially With you. I just we're like zip like dude, I dunno if you've heard, There's no way that just happened.


You took me in. It was just the craziest shit ever. And I always think about that. I'm like, damn, they could really just unadopted. That would never happen. Aw. And then we're like sitting in my bed for like, now she has like, mind you, I'm trying. She loves to, okay. No, I'm Just kidding. Go ahead. She's always like, oh, like let's edit together. Can we have an editing party? Blah, blah blah. And I can't, I physically have to like lock myself in my room, be in my bed, edit by myself. No distractions, any Like I can't have someone else on their laptop next to me. Like I just need to be alone. She does not understand that one. And I mean she's gotten better about it 'cause she just knows not even to ask me if we can edit together. But then now I'm clearly trying to edit hard drive plugged in, almost unplugged.


And now she has Trevi in my room, Ashley in my room. And I'm like, okay, I haven't seen Trev in a long time. Like Dan like just got back and like we're hanging out a little bit. Like okay, like 15, 20 minutes will be fine. And like maybe they'll get the gist Like I'm doing something, they're in my room for like two hours and I'm sitting there and I'm like, You should Let him work. No, working is so important. That's so true. Let him work. His job is not just to be your friend. Right. You know what's funny is I was about to hit him with a breakout response and be like, well me, Ashley and Trey had so much fun next door and you're not invited. I don't say that. And I had a great time hanging out with them for like two hours. But then like she was like, okay, can we go upstairs? I was like, Tana, no please. You guys just sat in here for two hours. I know. I'm still trying to get back to what I was doing. I have been extra force you with you lately.


'cause I haven't seen you like being from You. Yeah, it's been, it's been great. See That's me. I'm just trying to force you to go Out This God forbid I just wanna spend some time with my friends. I love God forbid, God forbid is like the best. No, but I'm gonna get dragged. I already know she Who's Gonna work if you are out drinking all day? The Drinking is Like, I don't even drinking. I literally drink one dime. That whole And I you beer. Those be, I know. I also saw people like saying like, Tana is a recovering addict and she cannot be around like an Aperol sprint. And I was like, damn, they're riding For the wrong And I only drank one time the whole time. It was Bebe. I don't mind that Those beers that you guys had looked really cute with you.


Like you his faces in them Guinness. So Yeah, those looked really cute. I was like, wow, that's cool. Yeah, No Bibe got fired. Okay, wait, please explain a little bit To me. And I love her so much. I feel like I Had a feeling something like that happen. Everyone knew it was coming. We anticipated it on this podcast. We were like, Bebe is coming. It's gonna be a horrible idea. And Mcco, I remember the moment that we found out Koen And I were at LAX for some reason And I told that baby was coming and he just started dying laughing. Like we were like, this is gonna be like watching Bad Girls club. But Tana has this completely skewed memory of what this decision making process went down has. Because when I started getting upset and like complaining about it, Tana's like, well, what did you expect? And I'm like, actually, Well it's both.


I think that in the beginning, obviously in my brain, but I'm not always also gonna tell you like my thoughts on some shit because like, No, that's not true. I had another assistant or another person who was gonna come with me on the tour And I was anxious about it. 'cause I was like, Yeah, you, no, my takeaway was do what's going to make you the happiest. That's always my takeaway. It Wasn't your take, it was her idea. She goes, well don't you think just Bibe could do it if it's, if it's this easy of a job, like just invite Bibe to do it. Yeah. And I'm Like, I don't know if that's a good idea. She's like, no, she'd be fine. Like in such a short, Like I it with so little responsibility, like she would be fine. And it was your idea. Well I think that you in the past have said like, that would make you happier to have like somebody who entertains you and like a friend and like, versus like someone in just a working role and you don't, you don't really like to have an assistant like that much.


I'm not good at having an assistant at all because I No, I'm just not. And like that's true. I my No, I'm laughing. 'cause you'll be Like, I just want them to read my mind. I do. And like that, that's like an actual issue I have. Like, I'm not used to like allocating, like commanding Someone almost. Yeah. And I mean, it, it, it feels weird. It doesn't matter even if I don't know the person, like my first assistant, she was amazing, but I like, we weren't that close. So when I like wanted her to do something, I sometimes felt like weird asking her And I felt Like I didn't want her to feel like she was beneath me. So I would like not really say what I wanted or needed out of her. And then, and then I would get so frustrated when she wasn't doing what I wanted and needed out of Hers. Like how was she to know? So Like I made that mistake with her and then I was like, oh, but Bibe just knows me.


She reads my mind. She knows me. Yeah. I think Bibe is with that, like, with that being said would be the best choice. Yeah. But there was this day in Amsterdam that was so fucking funny. We have like some footage, Like I'll try to review it and see, but we get this beautiful gondola like boat to like around No, no. Can I tell my, can I tell my truth? My truth? Okay. So, and Bibe, I love you more than anything. Okay. But Like, I was already like kind of like, holy shit, I have not, I didn't expect her to really like do a lot. That wasn't the thing. I came, I brought her really because like, she's my best friend. She's my emotional support. I want her with me everywhere I go. Yeah. So that was like her real role.


Okay. And I understood that. But everyone then She started doing shit with Paige and not wanting the third wheel Well the problem was, I, she wasn't, we weren't spending any time together. So I was then I was like, wait, where's the emotional support? Yeah. Where's my emotional support? I can't even find her. So I was already getting a little like, like hang out with me, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, not to force you to hang out with me, but also like, please hang out with me. Yeah. And I, well I Get that like if you're paying her, But like, really, I started like thinking just because I was Like, I gotta get her to do something. I would give her like random tests and, and my one number one thing, the entire trip, like the one major thing that I was Like, I have to have this Bebe. I need to go on a boat. Okay, I need to go on a boat. I don't care where we have to go on a boat.


Nowhere we went even had boats until our very last stop. And the second we landed, I see a boat in the water And I go, Bebe book the boat. Okay. I'm so fucking excited. I'm like, Bebe booked the boat. We're on the way to the hotel at the hotel. I'm like, Bebe, have we booked the boat? She's Like, I don't know. Like, which, which boat do you want? I'm like, any boat, whatever. Next morning, Bebe. I'm seeing boats everywhere. Are we booking a boat? She's Like, I don't know what boat you want. And I'm like, well I don't know what boats there are. It doesn't matter. No boat booked walking down the street. Me and Miles go look Bibe, there's the boat booking store. And she's Like, I don't know the website's not in English. I'm like, whatever. And it was all fine. I was like, whatever. I'm not gonna go on a boat until we're BBB stands for bad with boats bad Until we're in the green room and Tana go, Tana makes an announcement.


I got a boat for tomorrow. No. And I'm all excited. And then Brooke's seething and I'm like, why? Like, I got a boat. I'm so excited to go on your boat. That's not it. It's just the fact that like, like Tana all day, she's, you know, working and Tana found a way to book a fucking boat. Yeah. Okay. Because it was really just that easy. And now Tana has a boat and the the boat that I wanted to bring everybody on no longer can exist because now there's a different boat that everyone's gonna go on. Well, no, my boat was originally me maoa Chris videographer. It Wasn't, it wasn't any, it had nothing to do with your boat.


It was the principal. Like, just the fact that like, now this thing that I was like you wanted was excited. Everyone was giving me my thing to like bring everyone on this boat that I wanted to do. Yeah. And now there is a boat and it's not like whatever, Like what you wanted to do, like kind of fell through because it's like, it's never about the boat or the bubo or the joint. It's like that's the takeaway. And then she'll just like, it's Always just the principle. So whatever we get on the goddamn boat, okay. And the the straw that broke the camel's back was this. I'm sitting there we're whatever, we're talking, chatting whatever back and forth. And I stand up and Bebe's drink is sitting on the, like, on the cushion and it spills all over the floor. All over, like my outfit, my shoes, everything. And Bebe just goes, oh, did you get some like expensive shoes or something? Yes.


My brand new little sandals. I, my little chocolates. I've been so excited to play my whole outfit around them. And I'm sitting there, I stand up her drink spills. I literally go and she goes, well, why would you stand up if there's a drink right next to you? I'm like, Oh, Why would there be a drink next to me? And then she Swear to God, IMARI Bibi's bibe, I love you. God. I love you. So I'm freaking out. 'cause my shoes are like, they're leather and they're like, they change a whole different color. It really doesn't matter. The shoes don't matter. She doesn't stand up. Someone puts a rag on the ground and she just starts pushing it around her foot while she, while she just still is in a conversation with Paige making TikTok. Oh my God. And so I just had a fucking so no fit.


Some matches are temporary, but your privacy shouldn't be with line two. You get a second phone line just for dating. No need to share your personal number until you're ready. You can chat, text, and even block numbers, all while keeping things fun and private. It's perfect for online dating blind dates or just keeping things light when you're ready to move on. Line two lets you cut ties without any drama. Dating should be fun and carefree. Line two keeps it that way. Ready to date on your terms. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today. You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off, but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead. It's a second line on your phone.


Perfect for nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun, then block the junk texts that follow you get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage, more codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today. Because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals. So now, and it's like a small boat, but there's the, the front of the boat and there's the back of the boat and they're like running back and forth and switching places. I'm walking to the back of the boat and Bebe's like is, she's such a fucking this. I'm walking to the front of the boat and Brooke's like, she's such a fucking this. And they're just, I'm, they're going back and forth. It was bad girls come on this beautiful gondola in the middle of, And I honestly made like such a scene, but it was because I'm like, oh, now I'm not on my own boat.


I on a stranger's boat. And Mako just turns to me at one point and he goes, coulda had violins. Like we passed this old couple with like violins eating dinner on the boat. Oh my God. It was literally bad girls club on this fucking boat. And it's so funny because we all hadn't had like a big, like we had been doing things separately and then I was like, wow, this is like, because obviously also I think that your boat in your dream boat world would've been booked at eight p 8:00 AM and like my boat was booked at like 3:00 PM Like you would've had an Yeah, yeah. No, it, it wasn't that. I don't even know the pro I I'm saying the only group interaction that we like all have together. Yeah. Just turns into fucking, what's that show crazy.


This below deck. Oh. Like just fucking, oh my God. So funny you say that. 'cause I'm literally in a below deck like hole right now. But I don't know. It was, it was another one of the situations where it's like, okay, Brooke, I could have booked the, it takes two seconds to I could have booked the boat. No, you're Paying someone you want task the princip Pool. Me being Like, I just, if I Like, I want just this one thing. Like if I ask for it, Like I wanna get it. And like to her, she was like, well you didn't tell me what time. You didn't tell me which one. Like blah blah blah. But I, I was like, well I totally get it. Like honestly, that would frustrate me too. And like what you said with like, you as are so close, like she knows, you know? Yeah. Like there's some things that Like I also just think that Like, I do agree with you on the principle, obviously. Like, yes, hiring your friends can be murky water and like whatever.


And we all know that. But I think if you pay someone to execute a task Yeah. They should execute and you're not asking a lot of her. And like honestly the drink with you guys being as close as you guys are, that drink would've set me over. And that, that's like backhand Territory scream. Like it was, That could've been backhand erritory because it wasn't, it wasn't, I'm sorry. It was nothing. It was, why the fuck would you stand up? Oh, see that would, she would've been off the Boat. It's Bebe. I can't stand mad at her for literally like two minutes. Like, And like you guys are also just so similar in the sense that like both of your like perceptions or you're so like, you know what I mean? Like Bibe had her whole side of like Yeah. And Bebe's like, and Bibe could tell this exact same story from her perspective. And there would be no world where anyone was on my side. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because it was like, to her it's like, well how the fuck am I supposed to book a boat when you don't tell me the time?


You don't tell me which boat you don't like. You know what I mean? Yeah. So Like, I, she's, it was just stupid. It was like a stupid fight. But it was one of those things where it's, and You guys communicate so funny, like, like they will communicate in passive aggression. Like through the fucking, it's It's sisters Like, I always forget sometimes that like, like It's very sisters. It is, it is very like, like you guys, oh my God, It's so wild. Like my, my, I grew up only with sisters. Like we would fucking beat each other. We would like, everything was like, you're such a fucking stupid fucking like, so in my head that's just like, that's what you do. No. And you guys actually, it's so even the Amsterdam, it was so they're doing that, you know what I mean?


Just fucking losing it. And then the next day, like they're on stage like scissoring and I'm like, what? No, that was same day. That was two hours later. Like, You're such a fucking, I hope you die to like insert labia here. Because even like, like Tana was in there for the, the blowout, the after the boat was fine, whatever. It's funny 'cause I made a TikTok in the beginning 'cause it started off so lighthearted and I'm like, fuck, I should have kept recording that. Like it was in insane. But It did not, it ended so like crazy and so bad. And so, 'cause it was just like both of our frustrations like at once. But even then, like in the mornings, like when we see each other, it's like, it's a joke. Like we're looking at each other. Like, I could really only imagine the heat like running through your body though.


When Tana in the green room is like, so I got a boat. I'm not like, Literally my heart sounds Like why isn't She excited? Like I, My heart sank because it's Like I had this one little thing that I just wanted so badly to be like, oh my God, I'm gonna have this boat and everyone's gonna come on this boat. Yeah. And then I already had this hold my pride I a boat gate. God, I think I was Sorting my goose on the boat Probably, but it's still a bit today still like Bebe's like the other day we're making banana bread. And she's like, look how good I am at assisting. It's also funny because like not only has she assisted you, but she's also assisted you. Like it's like Yeah. And I mean Bebe And it's so Bebe Is the talent. What my takeaway is like Bebe was never meant she's not supposed to be anyone's.


Yeah. I really like realized that this year too. Like, I don't know. Yeah. The assistant role. Like I just, I don't know. 'cause even just with Paige leaving, there were a couple like weeks to a month there where I had no one. Right. And I'm just Like, I was having to do all these And I was like, god damn. It's so wild. How much coordinating, scheduling, and just like back and forth conversations. The amount of people you already know. An email could be a text, A text could be a thought, a fucking just, and just so much shit. And just like shelving your own life and like yeah. I mean I could never do it. Like I think anyone who like isn't very main character in their own world earn their own head. Like it's, it's very hard to shelf your life and your thoughts and even put your emotions to the side and like Yeah.


And I'm compartmentalize And I'm not good at have any, I feel like you're so good at like, like delegating and being like, this is what I need. This is when, whatever. Because it's The only way it will work. I'm such a procrastinator and everything gives me so much anxiety that it's almost like if I have to like go, you know, like spell it out, then it's Like I might as well be doing it. Well That's if someone, no, like you could definitely get in a rhythm with someone. Course you're like delegating and they are helping You out. I'm not, I'm just not like a strong communicator like that. Like I don't, it just Not, you want someone to read your mind and then get mad when they don't read your mind. Yeah. And that's not possible, you know, but Yeah. You guys wonder what I think about often. Do you guys think Emma Chamberlain has an assistant? Yeah. Often. Oh yeah. Yeah. You think so? Of course. I mean multiple. If I had to guess. Oh, okay. Oh my God. Have you guys been to the New Chamberlain Coffee At Century City?


At Century City? I haven't. I like so good. I tried to go but I got mobbed. I so believe that period. It was honestly it was, I was like, yeah, I love Emma. We go way back. I do love her So much. I'm obsessed, obsessed with her. Like I Like I love her podcast. I was just gonna say, I love her podcast So much. It's Just like so Raw. So, so, So I just love her. I love everything about her. Do you guys watch Alex, Alex Earl's vlogs? No, I don't. I see clips of them though. Yeah, I think so. Obviously she doesn't podcast anymore and I'm not gonna lie, we She doesn't? No. Why? Oh, Oh, oh, Okay. Yeah. But I'm not gonna lie, I did not enjoy her podcast. I really just thought I'm Trying to get out of the clip.


No, I didn't enjoy her podcast. I think she's fucking awesome. I met her for the first time recently. She's so sweet. She's so gorgeous and stuff. I love her vlogs. I think her vlogs are, well it's, It's just a smarter like business wise because I think so much of her strong suit it it is like her life is so cool. Like showing the life versus speaking in detail about the life She's meant to be watched. Yes. Yes. Like she's, she's so captivating. Like everything she does says her life, her friends like everything. It's All so cool. You're so locked in. I feel like it's hard to like for that to translate. Yeah. And it's like when she's talking about it, it's almost like, damn, I want to know what this looks Like. I wanna see this. Yeah. Like I feel like I'm there. Such a smart business move Now. Her vlogs, I'm always, every time I watch one of her vlogs I'm like, damn.


Like I'm just like, can y'all do this? Yeah, I saw, I saw her looking for the artist bands. It's like at Coachella it's just like a clip of her, her looking for her, her artist wristbands and she's like, she's digging through her room, blah blah. Nina Dore comes outta the corner. She's like, oh yeah, can you let me in? Alex was like, is that fucking Nina Dore? That's iconic as fuck. She has cute. She's the most iconic life. Yeah. No I live for Alex Earl. I want her to have all this success in the world. Went From like Coachella during the night to like wake up and go speak at Harvard the next week. She's sipping Mark. She's Yeah, it is. It is just so funny to me. 'cause I'm like, you wanna talk about battery? Yeah. What Do you guys about boons? What do you guys think about her dad being her manager?


I think that's like the most interesting thing in the world. Oh he is? Yeah. Her dad from the beginning of time. I Did not know that. That's crazy. I think that you occasionally hear the stories of it working out like tis Cyrus or like it working out so perfectly. But I feel like just, I'm not talking about Alex. I'm talking about as a blanket statement. I feel like if I had to gather every story I've heard of that only 10% are successful. Yeah. Like more often than Like I think in her particular case it just works so well because She's, Everything she does is so centered around business and her dad is such a successful like businessman. Yeah. Does that makes sense? She obviously has her agents and stuff too, but I always like, when I found that out I was like, oh my God. I could also Just tell she has an amazing relationship with her family and you see that through like all of her content.


Honestly. Little Brother. They very much little Like I love her little siblings are so cute. Yeah. Honestly all of them are so Cute. I would do anything for an Alex or reality show. Yeah. Like that that is is like someone who fucking needs that. Yeah. I wanna Know, I wanna know everything. Just about The whole, whole of the dynamic of everything. Like it's just, and and just the busyness. Yeah. I wanna see her dad open her email and be like 500 k. Hell not enough. Hell never. And bitch, this is just crazy. Like Alex Earl probably frequently turns down if I had to guess, You know what's funny is seeing tiktoks being Like, I, Alex Earl is making $70,000 a month And I like, And I wanna be like Alex Earl is making millions of dollars a month.


Yeah. Yeah. Millions. I want Carl's Jr. Probably made her so much fucking money. I just found out what an influencer that we know got paid to do like a one day shoot with a big brand. And I was like, oh my God, can you tell us, we'll bleep it. You Were there. You know who it is? No, I don't know. It's a guy or, Okay, well yeah, we'll just cut it but, or bleep it or whatever. But like paid like over like a fucking million dollars to go shoot for like three hours. Millions. And it's so funny because I just like, obviously I will die having never experienced that side of this job And I wouldn't trade like my life for anything. And like, you know what I mean?


But it's just, it's so wild. Yeah. Yeah. Just the pe like you don't, the money like that the Jake Shanes, the Alex Earls are making like, It's so wild. Yeah. And I just, the dream to me is to have that like workload. Like I just feel like when I Like I am like, oh I wanna make the X amount of dollars doing something. The amount of like work time, effort meetings, creative shooting, all of it. Like, you know, because it's usually like a self more self. Yeah. You but you do a fuck ton. Yeah. Yeah. I thought you were saying you like No, I'm saying like how awesome would it be to get paid a fucking million dollars For Hour shoot because you've never talked about getting fucked with the toothbrush online.


You know, Like that's, it's like wild. But yeah, I wouldn't treat it for the world. I dunno, even like, I'll talk to Camilla sometimes and we talk like, we talk a lot about that. Like where she's Like, I wanna break the mold for being an OF girl, but then also being like brand safe. And I'm like, hell yeah girl, you try. You know what I mean? Like, And I think she could do it. This isn't me like shitting on the idea of that. If anything, I think it's awesome that that's the way that she thinks about things and looks at things. But I think that I for so long was like, I'm gonna do that. And then Like I had to just make peace with like, you know what I mean? Like I might not ever get that goddamn chilies deal And I might joke about it, but like the connection I have with my fans because I know for a fact that I'm never like getting on camera and being someone else.


It's more valuable and like, yeah. That Like, I don't know. Yeah. Them seeing all of my mistakes is just as valuable as them seeing like all of my like happy moments. 'cause it like shows them they can also Grow and Yeah, I don't know. I definitely see that still for you. A hundred percent. And I always use Tricia as an example, but like Tricia has every opportunity in the world right now. I'm fine with being like a role model for the fuck up girls that like, you can build it all yourself. You know, you are People, I mean people And people need that. Yeah. You Know, you are like so many people's Like I know. And it's, it's just like very sweet.


Yeah. Like I wouldn't change it for the world. I don't know. I I see so much more value in the fact that like so many people are actually like, moved and changed by you than like, That's what I'm trying to say is it's Like I would, yes. Like of course it's like, okay Chili's, please pay me to eat your Triple Dipper. I'm just gaining weight and Like, I would literally live, but like at the same time, Like, I don't know, like it feels Nice to be here for more than just entertainment. Yeah. Yeah. And, and just like, you, you don't, I don't know, I, I don't want it to sit here and say like, you don't see a lot of archetypes like me on social media a lot. But Like I do have that special bond with my fan base where it's like, for sure. Well you don't, it's special. It's like, not to say that these people aren't fucking up, but like people aren't showing it. You've shown it. Correct.


Wanna keep your personal number private but still stay connected with line two. You can get a second phone line right on your device with a super simple app and no need for another phone. Whether it's for online shopping, dating, or shielding your main number from Spam line two is an easy way to manage it all. Ready for peace of mind without breaking the bank. Call, text block and more for only 9 99. Get started with line two.com/audio or download line two and any app store today. Line two, your second line simplified. Ugh. Spam calls Sound familiar. Introducing line two, get a second phone number right on your existing phone.


Imagine discounts appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions, no more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today. Oh my God, what did I just see the other day? I saw this TikTok where this, this woman, she's in the bathroom. Like she's talking about this. She's still actively with this man. They have a kid together like this. This woman has a kid with this man and he named their daughter Sophie Rain and she had no idea why.


No. And then like come to find out he named the daughter Sophie Rain after like OF Yeah. Girl Sophie Rain. That's fucking crazy. Like that's The most terrifying thing in the entire world. Imagine your dismay when you find out that your husband that you think you love and you think is like a good person named your daughter after an OF girl. Have you not seen like the, the amount of people who get like their kids are named after like their husband's mistresses and stuff. Like Adam Levine almost named his daughter Sum Sumner. Sumner. Really? Yeah. That's crazy. It's so diabolical. I've been learning a lot lately about 'em. No, This is this lady trolls. She's fake.


Oh does she? She's fake. She troll. She makes, yeah, she makes, she's a Troll. Damn. I mean with the fucking wizard Liz shit going on. I just don't put anything past me. She like Whatever tiktoks all the time just being like, like she's like saying shit Like that. Yeah. Damn. I mean that's good. He's Good at going viral though. I I literally wanna send that to my mom and be like, post tiktoks like this. I'm not kidding. Oh my God. Make money. That makes me happy that it's not a real story. But also societally we are at a point where that one a hundred percent could be a real story, which is just fucking wild. Oh so it didn't actually happen? No, she just trolls I guess. Oh, okay. What a weird, I don't know if I live for that. Also that Brittany Balenciaga shirts. Brittany Spears, Balenciaga shirts. I was actually thinking about getting one for Tricia today. I need to like look into that.


What Is it? Balenciaga has been doing these drops with like celebrities faces and on their stuff. Does Brittany get any money from that? Yeah, that's whenever I see anything. Britney Spears. My only takeaway is I hope she loves this once it and is making Yeah, Money. I guess it's like the designer of Lencia that's doing with Brittany. It's like his last, it's like their last like line ever. And so that's why Britney is down to do it 'cause it's like his last project. That's really cool. But they are $800, $800 T-shirts. $800 t-shirt. It's Too much. But Balenciaga has always kind of done that, right? Like even when they had the like button up with the button up attached, the iconic Tricia paid us button up.


Like they were charging astronomically for that. Or like, didn't they also do the stained t-shirts and jeans? Like just look like remember those jeans that looked like you pissed yourself but they were like $2,000. I don't know. I've never really been with Balenciaga. I am like weirdly Jesus. 1000 Potentially. Damn. It's Brittany bitch Aly Pompeo was detained int And held in the airport. Like I'm pretty sure like the feds showed up for her Because they thought her air once sunflower seeds were a bomb threat. Yeah. Or like a drug or something crazy Would happen To me. Like that's fucking insane. Like I just have the wars too. But You know, she's just so cool. Pompeo is, I'm obsessed with her especially 'cause I've been on my Grey's Anatomy kick.


Like I just love What season are you want? Is this your first time going through? Yeah, I'm on the season like 16 I Wanna say. Oh you're on season 16. So you've passed like the most important moment of all time that will ruin you and you haven't gotten there yet so we can't even tell you about it. Wait, what? Obviously John Doe bus crash. Oh. Oh I know about that. Oh shit. You need to make me start. It's good because I want's good. I actually like really, really want to. I've also just been having so many problems with my television not working and everything in my house. I had to pay someone $500 today to come make sound come out of my TV because the last person that I just had come to like fix our sound system broke my tv. Like I keep having people come break shit and then having to pay other people to come and fix the shit.


The only thing I've gathered from you having bought a house is that never buy a house. I had a, I had a guy come the other day. Oh sorry. Today our pool guy came to come and like inspect our pool heater because like the wires got chewed up or whatever by rats and stuff. So it's trying to Mind you, there was an inspection seven days before that that cleared that nothing was wrong with the pool heater. It happened seven days after the inspection that I paid for Today. The guy opens up the pool heater. There's live rats in there. Live, Teach through all of it. And pool. You'd think a pool heater was like decently priced. No you wouldn't. Honestly, I wouldn't. How much does it cost? Like Five, six? Oh I would think more Seven eight. Depends like really what kind of pool heater you want.


How big's your pool? What quality of a pool heater do you want? Guess that's on me for getting an Olympic sized pool. You know what I mean? It's like Tana, I tried to swim from one end to the other the other day And I, And I dislocated My elbow. It's like, knock on wood, but like what a fucking earthquake's gonna put a fucking crack in the basketball court. I Know. Even the PTSD with like, just the fires, like really thinking my house that was crazy is gonna burn down crazy. No, this guy comes the other day and no smart home ever is smart by the way. I think all of the systems are just fucked and fucked and fucked. And again, this is me bitching about a champagne problem. But he comes and all of our gates and like doors to enter everything in the house or like codes. Codes and like security like that.


Like they're very digital. Right. And he comes for an issue that we're having with just like the speakers, like outside. Like something that has absolutely nothing to do with all of our gates to enter our home. And he leaves, he fixes that. And then I leave the house And I try to walk back in and I'm entering the gate, all the gates and the front doors and everything. Like nothing works. I'm I, I can't get into my fucking smart fortress. And I called this man, he's Like, I can come back in two weeks. I'm like, why would you leave? Why would you leave? How do you feel okay with charging me this much money and you just left my house And I can't even get into it in anyway. And it's not like two weeks from now I, it'd be fine if it was like a fucking light bulb. Yeah. I can't enter.


Yeah. Or exit. That's how I spilled sriracha all over my shirt. 'cause I was crashing out to this fucking man being No, I don't think you should be even allowed to charge if you haven't done the job and done it. Right. Yeah. And he's Like, I had to get my kids from school. It's like all Uber them here. If it's the only fucking time that you can fucking let get me to let into My, we just had someone come yesterday to do something and then they literally had to come back today because what they did didn't work properly or worked for 24 hours. And How come no one at control four can control the four? Yeah, I'm done. I wanna talk good about our old drug dealer and all of Los Angeles is drug dealer, but I think we should save it for the Patreon. Yeah, for Sure. For sure.


Because we were just reflecting on That's funny. Patreon more and it's, it's very, it's just a wild, wild. You'll, you'll know the time, but I think we should hop on over to the Patreon, right? Yeah. Yeah. And IMARI, Thank you so much for coming on. I feel Like I just love these episodes so much. Like Me too. I feel fulfilled leaving them. And we appreciate your presence very, very much. It's always a fun, fun. And our solos I feel fulfilled. I just, I, I don't know the last two episodes I was really like, damn, what the fuck did we just talk about? No, you and that's, that's on no one but me. Like just me being brain dead. Sorry. I'm okay. We love you guys so much and we will talk too. Love you guys in the next episode of the Cancelled podcast. Yay.


This 4th of July, celebrate big savings at Mattress Warehouse. Save up to $1,200 and get a free adjustable base with select mattress purchases. Plus enjoy 0% interest financing our one year low price guarantee and free next day delivery. Better Sleep starts now only at Mattress Warehouse. You know that feeling when you're about to score 30% off, but they want your number. Ugh. Give them your line two number instead. It's a second line on your phone. Perfect. For nabbing promo codes without inviting spam to your party. Sign up for every discount under the sun, then block the junk text that follow you. Get all the perks, but none of the spammy baggage. More codes, less chaos. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store and get your shopping sidekick today because the only thing blowing up your phone should be good deals.