
With the $5 meal deal at McDonald's. you pick a McDouble or a McChicken, then get a small fry, a small drink, and a four piece McNuggets. That's a lot of McDonald's for not a lot of money, Price and participation may vary for a limited time only.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba. Casino. Coincidence, I think not everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere, even at 30,000 feet. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba life. No purchase necessary and conditions 18 plus.


Hello and welcome back to the CANCELLED Podcast. Oh, we're already having drama now. Let me tell you something really quickly before we get into anything at all. I got a lip flip again and I will never learn my lesson. I'm just like you for real. It's The most addicting thing in the world. It's like when it goes away, you're like, what happened to my Lipstick? I have paper cut lips. Why do I have this much motion? Why am I using a straw properly? Like, I don't want any of this, right? But right now I feel like I like, I feel like I just got like numbing put in my face. No, it's A, it's definitely a little palsy vibe. Like when I, when you first get it, you're like, hi. You know, and I just don't want to be clipped this way. So just know that I'm aware of it. You don't even have to tell me. I think they look gorg Gina, the house down.


Mama. I'm in a goofy mood. You think they look what I'm in. I'm so excited for today's episode. Like it actually hurts. The Amount of shit happens since I, since we sat down here last is like unheard of. I feel like such a privilege to sit on this couch today. I'm on the edge of my seat all day. I've been so giddy. Boots. Well, What do We do? Do we like go in chronological order? Because like, it's like, like it's been lives Literal, like lives Like I don't even, I Where do we begin? I think we have to start at Birth. Like, well, we did the Tricia episode and then the next day I got a boob job. Okay. Okay, we can start there.


Boob job went great. They Tits are huge. They enter the room before her. They look amazing. They're Still a little big, they're gonna go down. But I Think it's fun that you get to have a week where you're like, built like an AirPod. I know. I told them, well, yeah, I look like a capital PI love it. But they're gonna drop a little bit. They're still like a little large and in charge. They're kind of hard. I got my real stitches out a couple days ago When I heard what you went through today. No, I know. I just told Tana this, but I, I had like, so I had regular stitches. I went in through the nipple, but they only do like a little incision on the bottom of your nipple, like a little, and I had regular stitches, but then I had these like two random blue strings that like hung out of both sides. They looked like the craziest nipple hairs you've ever seen get both.


And if didn't know better, I, I would think they were mine, but I, I got my real, real stitches out first. And then today I had to take out that blue string and it was one long string, like this long. And was he like pulling you And they had to pull it all the way out? I made Bebe come with me and this one got stuck and it was like snagged And he was yanking. Were you like kind of fighting with him? Yeah, it was like a technician and she was like, I would, I just had to like cringe and wait until it was out. But other than that, my experience was seamless. Amazing. Georgina, I Loved your usage Of Georgina. I've never used it in a sentence before. Do you see what you do to me?


I literally, so sorry. Actually, I'm so proud of you for doing that. And then being a person today, I would need so much sedation. It's Been relatively painless. I've been taking extra strength Tylenol. Well, can We talk about your serious issue with this boob job that is giving me, like, it's keeping me up and I What Say I talked about it today with Mako. What? Say like without you. Okay, what? So Brooke gets this boob job, right? And everyone in the comments is like, and just in life, like, this is just something people say. Doctors say, if you will like that, after you get the boob job, you can't raise your arms. Brooke Amber over here thinks that they mean that you are physically unable to raise your arms Instructions. Unclear. And what they mean is you should not raise your arms.


Okay. And Brooke is out here doing the YMCA on TikTok everywhere. Well, it's So crazy because everyone's like, you can't move your arms. Like literally like, I couldn't even pull my own pants down. And I'm like, I'm, I literally am doing cartwheels. I'm acting like Gumby. I'm like, what's wrong with you Guys? I'm like, losers. And my doctor texted me and he goes, if you don't stop fucking doing the YMCA right now in a, I mean much nicer tones, Very professional. And you haven't once explained it without demonstrating like, we're at dinner the other night. I already know this. And she's like, yeah, and I can't raise my arms. And I'm like, you don't. Well here's the thing. I can't sleep without my arms over my head. Like that's a thing that I do. I like, I have to, I'm the same way and I already have to sleep on my back, which is unnatural to me.


So very what? Like we have to be compromised somehow. And then it's like I'm taking all these like, I, I just discovered, let me sleep. And I don't know if you've ever dabbled in Let me sleep. I've heard. I don't think I need it. Like, lett, you wake up Like, fuck dude. Oh my God, you should rich. They're gonna steal that from you. It's Just like bumps of coke. It's Adderall, right? So kidding. Wait, We're totally kidding enough. Anyway, I, I take like six let me sleeps to Go to bed every night because I cannot, like, I, it's just uncomfortable. Like I wanna sleep a certain way. But then, because I have to do that to Go to sleep, I wake up, face down every day.


I'm like, fuck Whoa. I'm like literally Face down, arms up, pissed, waking up. It's bad if you take more than two melatonin. It's not a bottle. One time D bottle. I don't see, I'm taking three bottle. One time Diablo was at my house and he was like, these are good. And like, you know how fried he is, like ate the whole bottle. And he was like, yeah. I remember when he asked, what's your co-hosts name? And we you lived together at the time and we were shooting CANCELLED out of the house. Never forget Diablo. Bless his heart though, you know, but bless his brain. Anyway, other than that, I, I have been doing the aftercare. I know a lot of people are speculating that. Not too high now. Not too much. She's like, I know a lot of people are speculating. No. Well every, every doctor's different.


But like this, my doctor usually doesn't have anybody wear the like little surgical bra. After I woke up, they said if you wake up in one then you have to wear it. And I woke up in one and I was like, fuck No. It's 'cause I did a little internal lift. But he said, as long as I'm wearing something supportive, like I'm fine. And I really am not raising my arms as much as you think and I'm not you. It is frustrating 'cause you don't realize how much like you have to use your pecs for and they're under there. I Don't think I've ever used my peck a day in my life. No. You use your peck to do everything. You use your peck to lift, lift your vape. Oh, in that case You are doing heavy lifting muscle. Especially when I saw that one. Look at that portable you can carry.


What If that was Your vape? I've been taking this out like to the club and shit. Like if I go anywhere Despicable. No, I've been charging my phone using a toaster. Everybody. But the apple has to stop changing the cords. It's just like, what are they gonna give me next? You know what I mean? I know a fucking paper clip and tell me that has to go on my phone and charge it. Like what the fuck? Crazy. Yeah. So that was my boob job, job experience. I would rate the experience a nine out of 10. Really? It would've been a 10. Outta 10 if I could just fucking raise my arms. Yeah. She just wants to do a jumping jack or two. But my doctor was amazing. He is still so hot. Honestly. Dr. Daniel Barrett, thank you so much for my new tip. Did you wake up hitting on him? No, I woke up. Oh, she said I woke up and I, I just went good morning.


I said, and then I said, can I go back? Can I go back to sleep? And she goes, yeah. And then when I woke up she said again. I said, good morning. That's so funny. Like you and I are so different. Like, you know, I would've woken up like, like, just like When I first got them. I'm not kidding, Tana, they were out to here and I'm like frustrated. I'm so annoyed because I, here I am trying to be like transparent about my plastic surgery experience. Okay. Okay. Which I, I really do try to do. I've told you guys everything that I've ever done. Lip flip, lipo boob, job, all of it and Smack back. It's used against me constantly. What do you mean? It'll be like, like people are just going crazy. They're like, her tits look like shit. And I'm like, this is why people don't tell you things.


That's so fair. There's like this one photo that I posted of myself one time that like, is like my old face and it was like, it's just, it's my least flattering photo that's ever. I Like to go With the versions. Okay. You were on version three of your face. You weren't done. Yeah, I wasn't, I hadn't, well I hadn't even started What's the problem? But I posted the photo and then like that's the number one photo. Like the like evil people will use. Yep. And they'll be like, this is what she really looks like. I'm like, do you remember where you got that? I shared it with you. You just know like even the person saying that your tits look like shit is like, well they're like Nebraska with a unibo. Yeah. Lemme stop. Well they're like, they're so high up. They're rock hard. They're way too big for a frame.


I'm like, I got them this morning. They're In Tampa with a mono Tit. Yeah. Like it's like, come on Tana Mono tit. No mongu. Moga do. Oh my god. I had a dream about Moga. Do like the other day, like dad's how much it's plaguing. Oh, is it a dream or is it a nightmare? Nightmare every single time. I'm not kidding.


This episode was brought to you by BETTER HELP. Sometimes we find ourselves comparing our lives to others. Social media can play a big part in that. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. I've used BETTER HELP many times in my life and it's always been very convenient and easy to use from my phone or anywhere I am. Therapy is helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. And it's nice to have someone there to listen to you. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BETTER HELP a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched With the licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BETTER HELP. Visit BETTER HELP dot com slash tana today to get 10% off your first month. That's BETTER HELP HEL p.com/tana to get 10% off your first month. Thank you BETTER HELP for sponsoring today's episode of the CANCELLED Podcast.


Hello. It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses that your bright new day low actually a lot. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com. No purchase necessary B permit by terms and conditions. 18 Plus.


Well anyway, you went on your birthday trip, Brooke, Amber, give it, give it to me straight. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink. What does that mean? You can lead Tana Mongeau to a jet and she's gonna drink. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. I didn't know if you were gonna share that With the audience or not. No, I'm, I've been so transparent about like my whole journey and I feel like this is obviously a very vital part of this journey. You know What I Mean? I drank like You did. Let's talk about it. You know I love Where's Charles Gross now? I love him. Hermes. So We went on the birthday trip and first of all, I do just want to say like, I wish you were there so bad because I think So did I So badly and we celebrated and I wanna talk about that in a second.


'cause you're so cute and sweet. But I feel like this trip took everything good from all the other trips and we kind of finally got it right. Like there really was just no drama. Everyone was Peaceful, which is like uhoh. No, no, no, no, no, no. Like I think everyone's just a different person and like we needed something like Turks to almost happen to like know that there's a ceiling for the drinks. Know that there's a ceiling for, I did forget about like Turk skate like the like what what was, Which is so crazy that that was one year ago. It is so Crazy. That was like such a what? An episode that was like What an episode. You know? And I feel like this trip took everything good from that. It was a really good group. Like way less just drama free.


Aaron came. I love that. What did you think Amish? I Loved it. Oh I loved It. Yay. That makes me happy. 'cause it's like, it's one thing when it's like you best friends you've had for 10 years, but like the real test is bringing someone who's never been and like being like, Hey would you go back? Well We were talking about it before you got up here and just like how unnatural the experience feels like in the beginning. 'cause it's like, what do you mean jet mansion? But butler's maids, like it's, it is just like what? It was so opulent. It really was. The house was just like beautiful. And it was, this trip was also shorter, which I think is something I learned. Like I feel like everything bad on every trip started to happen around day Six or seven. Yeah. It's like why are, how are we still here? It's like going home was the biggest w you know, but I did choose to drink.


And how Did it go? I mean, here's the thing. I think it's like everyone who didn't want me to drink was trying to either from their experiences or their care for me, teach me a lesson. And I unfortunately am so the type of person that I cannot learn a fucking lesson by being told in any way. Yeah. Like I have to learn the lesson by doing and living and falling and getting up, you know? So day one we get on the plane and the thing is as well, it's all like environment. Like everyone else has been drinking for the past six months, so they're partying per protocol, you know, and I just hopped right in there, like nothing happens.


Yeah. And I definitely got wasted and like, it was fun. But then I, you know, I noticed myself just kind of immediately like how easy it is to like be the same bitch. Like these last six months never happened and I woke up the next day and that just like scared the fuck out of me in the best way where I was like, whoa. So when did I get to talk to you? Day one. Oh, Okay. Yeah. That, that's good news. Yeah. And like yeah, she got, she got some FaceTimes from Tina. I did. And I was already spiraling so bad. I go, what's going on? I don't know, like granted it is fun to get fucking hammered but like, I don't know, I just woke up and it was scary and like I just didn't wanna feel like that again.


And then the rest of the trip I just kind of, you know, drank like normally I guess. Okay, Well that is good. However, oh my god, I am no longer cut out for the way that you feel the next day. Like I think after going that long, not feeling how that you feel the next day and the recovery and all of it. I was like, oh wow. Yeah. And I think it's, especially after not feeling it for six months, like me thinking I could drink and then have a hangover. Even like I used to like, no, it was 10 times worse because you haven't been hungover in six months and Like Yeah. And like you're comparing and contrasting like you're healthy, like perfect body that you've just been treating so well and now all of a sudden it's like, oh my god, it's the worst feeling.


And like obviously there's an argument where it's like I had so much fucking fun. I would love to do that occasionally and maybe I will like drink and be hungover and be in my twenties and whatever. But at the same time, like we got home last week and like, it took me 48 hours of sleep to recover anxiety through the fucking roof. Like just felt like absolute complete and utter shit. Like the jet ride home was like all of our jet rides home where I'm like face down on the floor asleep, hung over dying and it was just like sober me would be like up Adam it almost Though that you feel like so horrible because it's like, it's not even like just like a, oh I do horrible things when I'm drunk thing. It's like I literally, I am out for days And I think after how long I spent not feeling like that, feeling like that again, I was like, like it really is eyeopening when you spend that long not feeling like that to feel like that again.


It's like, wait, whoa. Yeah, I don't wanna feel like this. And I feel like, I don't know, I just came home and like these past like five or six days, it's just like I had to sleep so much. Like granted everyone who went on the trip did, that's what happened. Everyone slept for like 48 hours. But like, I don't know if I would last through a birthday trip again. 'cause I've never, I haven't drank like two days in a row in a really long time. Yeah. What am I talking about? What am I even talking? Sometimes I just say shit Me. Yeah. Like I know damn well you have, well I haven't been drinking since we've been home from tour, but like on tour I drank every Day. I think just, but Like this last week I've been drunk every day. And even just like all this stuff we're like working on and shit. Like just tour and life and like getting home and then everyone needing everything from me again and having all this work to do and trying to like crawl through it and like not firing at 100 fucking like cylinders or whatever the phrase is.


I Don't know either. You honestly went right over my head at all. It kind of just like, as much as I had a great fucking time and I do think there will be moments again where I wanna have a great fucking time. Like I still haven't decided if I want to drink maybe on the 4th of July, but it's so close to right now that I'm like, oh no. Like I want to space them out and like, we went to dinner the other night and I had some drinks and like that was nice to have like two drinks and go home and you know, Go to bed. Yeah. That's like what like, I guess I like a normal person does. Yeah. But, And I, I, But sometimes I, I struggle with that and I know that this is like wrong also, but sometimes I'm like, if you're drinking to not get drunk, what's the point?


Because it's like, then it's like you're putting this like literal poison in your body, which I do all the time. Hmm. But like with what intent? I think that I was more afraid of moderation and maybe this is a statement that I in three months could take back. You know what I mean? But I was more afraid of moderation before I went and like drank. Like now I'm kind of like, okay, I could Go to dinner and have three drinks and go home and Go to bed and that is okay. I think. I think I can do that. We'll see. Yeah. But at the same time I'm so scared of falling back into so many old patterns and like then how many days a week are you doing that? And then it's like, Yeah, I see what you're saying.


I think you, you did it. Maybe take a second, take a beat and reassess the situation in a couple weeks or So. And it's just like, I don't, like at least six days a week I wanna wake up on 100. That's the number one thing in my mind. I feel like I have too much in life right now to lose or to half-ass or to not focus on or to whatever that it's like as much as I do love this thing and have so much fun in the moment, I don't know how much it's worth everything that comes with it still. And I'm just gonna do my best to stay as far the fuck away from it as I can. Because that is the goal to like now and again, occasionally get to have fun, but like be on 10 the rest of the time and yeah. I don't know. I think the birthday trip looking, I say this now looking back would've also been fun sober, but had I just been sober, I would've wanted it so bad.


Yeah. That it's like, and I think you would've like, it's kind of one of those things where you would've the whole time been like, well that would've been so much more fun if I were drunk, even if it weren't true 100%. And it's like, I don't know. Yeah. I just, I remember the pros and the cons now. Like they are, they are all very present to me and I just like have to really focus on what I want out of life and Well, I'm proud of you for not taking it too far. You didn't injure yourself or anyone else that I know of. I didn't Nobody fought on your birthday trip. Yeah, no, it was genuinely no drama. Like all very, very, very fun. Which was nice. I love to have it felt a little older. Like we just, even, we went out to like el squid row in Cabo and shit and I was like, get me the fuck out of here.


No amount of alcohol can like do this to me anymore. Like I'm 26, I have to go home. Yeah. I think, you know, that's what I'm learning, I think about myself is that I don't like to be, I still like to drink, but I don't like to be around a lot of people at once. Like The yelling strangers, especially the music and all of that. Yeah. It's just like awful. And I think now I also am just like in this stage where I'm debating on moderation and dabbling with it. I have to be very careful in my environment. Like I know right now I have to Go to Vegas for Isabella's birthday and I have the 4th of July with everyone who's fucking, and I have to like just really be aware of like if I'm gonna have some drinks on the 4th of July, it's like three beers and I'm counting and I'm done and like I'm done so that I can, you know what I mean? Because it, I think that I'm just still very, very present With the fact that it's such a fucking fine line it to like fall back into it's a Slippery slope and it's, you, you do have to be very calculated or you will get Fucked swept away.


That's the thing. Like who I was before this sobriety journey could still be unlocked if I like go too crazy and like I don't ever want her back. Yeah. And I know that now That's probably for the best. But I loved her too. I like her more. I, I think she was fun and I saw a glimpse of her and I'm afraid of her, you know, like I just, she was, yeah. I just have to be really fucking careful and I don't know. I like, my, my biggest takeaways are like, even though I had a lot of fun on the trip, like more than ever I'm so aware of the fact that alcohol is fucking poison and it's like a slippery fucking slope and it's, yeah. Like we just have too much to lose. I still like, I still would never trust myself to tour fucked up and like we have this whole tour like in the fall.


Oh that's And shit. That's my, I have such a goal on this next tour to be able to do it. Like, not that I, like, I don't feel like I have to be sober, but I think it's really scary that I feel like I can't even go on stage sober. I've just even realized like moderate alcohol, like the way it like affects who I am days later is what's crazy. Like even today it's been like days since the trip or days since I've had a drink and I'm just slower and I'm more anxious and my thoughts are different. Do you think any of that is like a little bit of like a placebo situation where it's like, you know that like you've done it? No. You think so? Like I genuinely feel like, Like it took a lot That much outta outta you. It hurts to like turn my wheels as much and like, oh, like even I've been trying to edit this fucking episode of us and Tricia Pettis for like 48 hours and it's like the fast talking And shit.


Im sorry. Sorry about that. Y'all like, I'm just too, I'm too slow. And it's like, I can't do that. Like I want everything to be amazing and I don't Know. I get it. Yeah. But I had a great fucking time. I'm You had a good time. I'm really, really sad. I wasn't there. I was really gonna try and make it, but like, like you said, I was already like kind of pushing it. I think we'll take some amazing trips for the rest of the summer to make up for it. And Brookie did get me the most beautiful birthday gift and we had a sweet dinner the other night and it was so cute. She got me a gold Cartier band to match my white gold Cartier band first of all, which is, so I open up the Cartier box and I'm like, first of all, return it bitch. Like that is so You want me a car? But like, oh, come on Diva.


Its just, it's of All, it's so Nice. Every dollar I have literally because of you, but It's so, so fucking nice. I'm looking at it and I'm like, there's a catch here. Right? Of course. Flip the bracelet inside. Engraved in the Cartier font. Like I'm just imagining this worker at Cartier putting in there two weeks After You left Jorts McGee. It was so bad. Mina, she had me spell it out on a piece of paper and I thought it was like, it was actually like kind of a hard process because I was like, McGee, like as an actual last name, you would capitalize the G but it just didn't look right in the font. So I, I just, I left it as is And even that decision is like a thousand dollars decision. It Was. Yeah. Well this is just crazy to like, it's hilarious putting George, But I'm like, but I, it almost felt like it would be unnatural for me to give you that gift without something like, like a laie something about it.


It'd Be too like Sentimental. Like, like, you know, like some friends don't hug. Yes. That's like the vibes. Like I, I feel like if I gave you that you would've been like, like thanks. Yeah. Like That's so sweet. But like what, you know what I mean? Like, like we're silly goofy with how we do it. Yeah. And had I had more time With the Bronco, I would've put some crazy shit on the seats or something I would've loved. I still like, oh my gosh, I was just driving down the street on the way here and a little boy, there were two little boys on scooters and their dad and I like had them cross the street. One of the little boys like looked back and like, he like loved the Bronco. And I literally almost started sobbing 'cause it's like Little Boys love like trucks. Well I just want you to know that I love, love my present as much as you Love your wrong Do. I'm happy and I'll wear it every day, which I think is really Thoughtful.


I think it's cute. And we're mixing medals these days. We Are mixing medals lately. I wore my big watch today for the indoctrination of Clinton Kane. Yeah. So I I know indoctrination is the wrong warrior too. I know. I'm like, Siri, what the fuck does indoctrination means? Like what Does it actually mean before I keep saying it? I've been saying it all day In. Oh I've been, I've been making shit up. Especially because I've just been like, I don't even know what I'm, my brain is firing differently lately. The process of teaching a person or group to accept a set of beliefs Sounds right. I have no idea what he said. Uncritically. Uncritically. Like, hey. Except that his mom is like for sure alive. Wait, we can't even go there yet 'cause we're doing things in chronological order.


Okay,


Listen up. Renters ever feel like you're stuck in this loop of rent payments, just watching your money vanish into thin air. It's time to turn that rent game around and start earning some serious rewards. That's where Built Rewards comes in. Built is Breaking Ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent Check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points towards a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points towards a future rent and payment or toward a future down payment on a home Pay rent hassle free through the Built Rewards app. Your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the Points guy and Bankrate earn points by paying rent. Now when you Go to join built.com/ CANCELLED, that's join bt.com/ CANCELLED. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/ CANCELLED to start earning points with your rent payments today. Thank you built for sponsoring today's episode of the CANCELLED Podcast.


Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse with family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choppacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot someday. I'll call upon you to do a service for me. Play The Godfather now@choacasino.com. Welcome to the family. No purchase necessary. VDW Group Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


So What happened after the birthday trip was Alex and Cooper's wedding. Do we do we don't. See this is like a situation where like us having a Patreon would like really come into play. It would because it's like, oh my God, I wish this was behind a paywall because I've never had so many thoughts. You guys, we are really seriously debating on making a Patreon. Like we're this close to firing essentially. So that shit gets clipped less like for all the stuff that we like wanna cut. That's too like, Or like that's a little iffy. 'cause like sometimes I do, I mean you guys know like I I, there's certain things that I don't want to talk about for fear of like ruining lives and relationships.


But Patreon, you can't clip shit. Right? Can You? I think it's less clippable and it's like for, it's for the people. It's for the viewers without maybe mal-intent. Like maybe just the girls who want to know, you know? I don't know. It's also like I would use a Patreon for the fact that like right now I want to interview the Huck to a girl but like, you know And you know I just learned about her. That's not the side of internet or the internet. I'm on People. It's so funny because I think what she said was funny. Of course I do like main demographic and people are so, Oh are the people being mean? I think the boys love it. That's true. I've only heard about it from boys and they're like, how do you not know what this is? It is kinda like the new Gluck luck.


It is The hawk to a Hawk to a, she came out for Zach Bryan the other night. I am like, honestly I wanna be her so bad. That's So funny. That's so fucking funny. Bringing her up for her. I saw someone make a TikTok and be like, I, I worked hard for wait. I decided not to say that Their career and someone said Hawk to us. No. Well she was like, she worked hard to like make the money to buy her Zach Bryan tickets and then she saw the hawk to a girl. But I'm like, you know what? She's just having fun too. Yeah. Thank God forbid she hawked to us. And not every revival can be sexy red. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like not every, you know. I know. And I almost think that's like, what's fun about it? It's like what? That makes no sense. It's hilarious. Not every episode can be the Maryanne episode.


Yeah. You know, I can't believe that. I was gonna say indoctrination again, that you're your first indoctrination of Clinton Kane was in the same episode as the Maryanne. Like I Know we, we You're jumping the gun a bit. 'cause we No, I'm not just, I'm just saying duality of women. I know. It's crazy because I've been wa rewatching those clips or that clip, like that particular clip. Me talking about it crying like it's like such a, so much, so many theatrics. Okay. Yeah. Not theatrics, but like, it was like really a time. Yeah. I'm watching it and I'm looking at my outfit. I'm like, is that the same episode as she ate? But I couldn't like, And I had a fuck ass bob.


No way. I had a fuck ass Bob. And every single One of my, Every single one of my friends were like, that's cute. And the choppiness like on some real what lord far quad shit. I'm shooting up heroin today. Well what Was crazy about it was it was a bob but it wasn't all your real hair at all. It was like she had chopped your extensions, which is like hilarious. Wait. And there's like 50 packs. Like you can't like just chop It. Right. Okay. Alex and Ver got married and congratulations. It appeared to be a beautiful ceremony. I am so happy for them. They're One of my favorite internet couples. Couples just ever. Like they're so sweet and their love for each other and their story is just unmatched.


It's like they've been with each other through absolutely everything. And you know what I mean? Like her living, them living in a car together forever. His parents passing away actually. And them, you know, I Do have a special place in my heart for Yeah, Alex Warren because he really went through all of that and he was actually a close friend of Clinton CA's. Oh, I talked about that on Zang. Like that, that was the moment where, Yeah, we'll get to him Too. Everything turned, you know. Oh my God. I can't wait. There was A little bit of conversation around Alex and CO's wedding that did not have to do with Alex and Cobra at all. Mama. I'm just so Obviously if you guys don't, I mean live under a rock. You've seen how viral Lilac Gibney went at this wedding.


Okay. I'm Curious to know 'cause you and I actually haven't talked about this at all. God, I wish we had a Patreon. I'm serious. Like it's hurting me right now. Alex calls me after the wedding and I was so happy to talk to him and like so sad that I missed everything. 'cause I love them so much and I really wanted to go. But it just flew on the day that we were leaving to Cabo or we were fly, it fell on the day where we were flying to Cabo. I just couldn't end up going and I really wanted to be there. So he called me to give me like the whole rundown, which was really sweet. And oh, he gave me the whole rundown. Yeah. Diva, diva, diva. Here's my thing about it. I take issue With the fact that Alex and CO's wedding was made about not Alex and Coover.


Okay. And that's not even, I don't, that's not to say like Lila did it. I'm saying like the internet took that and ran with it so far. whether it was wrong or right, I mean ob it was, it's obvious that Like I would be so sad that that was seven on my Wedding. I would be so frustrated as like a bride if that had happened at my wedding and whatever. But I would be way, way more frustrated that that was the entire narrative around my wedding and it had nothing to to Do with me. But it's so shocking. Like as a consumer I get it for sure as the internet and I'm so like that I love like, you know, you know and thinks something, you get engulfed in the drama and stuff. But it's like, it's also like, okay, some bitch was in the aisle before the bride pretend she wasn't there. Like recenter the narrative back to like their beautiful love and their beautiful wedding.


Right. Obviously. Yeah. I mean I think it's a hard line too when you're in invite, like 80% of your guests are influencers. But at, at the same time, everyone followed the rules and the signs knew and did show me how to read the signs. Like yeah like there were signs everywhere, But it's hard to read a sign if you are not on time and cannot read It. It was just so many things are just so like, like the bouquet, you know what I mean? Like I just, I was actually the Bouquet I kind of get, 'cause like I'm competitive. Like I might catch a bouquet. I was at a wedding last year. I'm, I want to catch a bouquet like please Someone. I was at a wedding last year to a pretty close friend of mine and someone I actually came with ended up fighting the one of the girls in the bridal party.


Oh. For the bouquet. And I remember and like she was like, let go. And it was like this whole thing and I remember watching it and I was like the gall and the wherewithal to like do that. Like to take the bouquet from her friends. Like it was so crazy to see. Well what's Crazy is like, well I guess like a wedding etiquette is so interesting 'cause like some you just know it or you don't, but it's like kind of an unspoken rule that you, like the people who are gonna catch the bouquet are like people in serious relationships or like who like should catch the Bouquet. I think it's people who are close to the bride and groom. Yeah. Like it Well that's what I'm saying, like people who should, who it would make sense. Who it like it's cute in the video and stuff. Like, and I don't mean the cap cut or the TikTok, I mean the wedding video.


The thing is, is like I think etiquette wise, like if I were there I would be volleyballing it to like Tabitha. Right. You know what I mean? Like I would like, oh I would want it to be like for the greater good of the, I get that. I, I will say I did see like some other influencers who were at the wedding like posting and like shading the situation a lot and I didn't like that either. I felt like that was kind of distasteful. 'cause it's like again, bring it back to what really matters Alex and co like Yeah. But I think they're livid. You do? Yeah. I don't think that CO's ever been livid before. I think that it's really rare for co to respond or feed into anything.


And she was commenting on, Well she, we, what we know about CO is that she cared the most in life about her wedding and getting married. So like I could see how she could be like very angry. You know what I mean? I think it's a Very unfortunate case of someone having not been taught basic life life skills etiquette. Yeah. Or not caring. I mean this is the same. I love The veil. Just the veil takes it to meet to like a, a new, like you had to have known in that moment of the veil like this, I'm in Culver's quarters and Culver's not here. Ver was eating I guess. And I, I just hope in those situations that it's like a, an ignorance thing and not like a deliberate like disrespect.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I would, I just hope that it's like, oh lighthearted like oh we didn't even think anything of it because if it isn't that then it's like what the fuck is wrong with you? This is a wedding. You know what really like gets me to is I am such a firm believer and I say this as more grown me, you know, obviously you can look at at my internet history and know I haven't always been this way, but that when you do something wrong, especially like that and from a PR standpoint as well, that the best case scenario is to just be like, my bad. Like I thought this was an influencer fucking wedding, so I've logged the whole fucking thing and posted it. Like I kind of thought all bets were off when it came to a lot of etiquette.


'cause there were a bunch of influencers there and maybe we were all drunk and whatever. And like, my bad, the way she apologized for it, I think goes down for the, like that is my main reason why her and I are not friends. Because that's how I felt like every apology to me was where I was like, you are gaslighting the shit outta me and this isn't working. I wish that people understood. The way I show love is through sharing my experiences. First of all, that's like when Noah Centena was like, don't do what you do with what you do. Just do what you which Do is what you've done with it. What are You saying? But I actually get what, what he was trying to say honestly. And like, But it's just funny, like, like writing it all off is like vlogging is one of my love languages. It's My passion and you guys are shaming me for my art.


Like It's not physical touch, it's not words of affirmation. It's, it's vlogging. Just say you're sorry. I'll say like Kaka is her love language. Like we know that about her, but that's where that's actually Kind of true. Okay. Wait, I, that really is kind of her love language. Well the thing about her is I, I know she would pussy stunt at my funeral and that's just something that I know. So that's like, I would just have to take that into account when I'm sending out my evites from the carpet. You know what I mean though? Like that. Okay. You met the nail on the head there. Like, Like she has never, she literally has vlogged herself doing an enema. Like she will vlog anything and that's just, that is what she does. And you have to know that and like, yeah, it was wrong for sure it was wrong and it was so disrespectful and horrible, honestly.


But it was, it was so on brand. Yeah. You know what? Honestly, I will say, now that I'm talking this out with you, I'm kind of coming to more conclusions as I'm thinking about it. You have to factor in when you're sending the invite. Like what is this person going to do? And maybe make sure like, I mean, and I'm now, I'm not blaming Alex in Co but it's like, it has to be like, so, And like I, I would vlog myself doing an enema, you know what I mean? I had a fucking wedding and vlogged it. Right. You know, it's like I, I understand that. I think it, to me With the vlog, it was just the night of of it all. Like had that had her vlog, I mean like from a business standpoint, the first to upload gets the views.


I'm like, I get where she was coming from I Think. But that's where it's like, well This is what I think this is why I'm like, I have a little bit of a problem with all the shade from the other influencers. I think that there are certain influencers who did the same shit and they were just so lucky that they weren't the first to post it because had they been, they would be the ones getting dragged. I think people have logged themselves attending weddings forever. Like I just, I I think it's Obviously I'm not saying film like their whole vows and put it in there, but like there's a world where like I would attend a wedding and be like vlogging before vlogging my outfit maybe like in the bathroom with a friend, maybe like a clip. You know, I think that Like we're just in like this weird community of people where like you got married and it was like that was the thing to vlog the wedding and like maybe that's the vibe she kind of thought it was, but like these are two people who are like genuinely have been together for fucking X amount of years and there's MTV is not there.


Yeah. I think like a mini baby vlog that was posted like way after their stuff would've probably gone over completely fine. For sure. You know what I mean? But like, We shame her for being efficient. Like she was Yes. She got on her zoom dude. Like seriously, Here's what I will say. I felt white dressed to her sister's wedding. Did You say she wore a white dress to her sister's wedding? Yeah. I do not remember that whole scandal. I'm just saying like, it's kind of just on like it's really, it just is on brand. I think she just didn't learn some of those things. And that's just what you have to accept Today. Someone I was with said that Lila's punishment should be deleting all of her social media and moving back to Iowa.


Okay. And I said I hope she never does that. Okay. Because even if for these clear reasons I cannot have her in my life. It's always a great show. It is. But I don't know. I am, I'm like, I hate, I hate when somebody gets CANCELLED me after like immediately after just completely canceling someone. Okay. Split. Well I don't, I mean, you know, like, I don't know with that amount of people coming at you, it's just, it is like you said, the the normal person thing to do Whether you made it or not is just to like a wholehearted like actual apology and she didn't do it right.


I, yeah, I think, I think it that like would save her from so much if she could just, I just think she has a lot of things that she's not working through and I think this isn't gonna help. I think everything would save her. I think she would still be in everyone's lives. I think like just so many things. If she could just genuinely Take accountability. Take Accountability and grow. Like it's just like, you know what I mean? Like same shit different day and it's like, it just gets harder to watch. Yeah. It's hard. I I have A lot for her. Especially as someone who had so much love for her for so long. Yeah. Well that's what I'm saying. I still do have so much love for her. She's like, truthfully, like, it's so crazy. 'cause I like, I obviously know what the narrative is about her online, but like she's in my life been one of the best friends that I've ever had.


Like truly. And I, like, I have my reasons for not being friends with her now, but it is sad to me to see her get like bullied that badly. I just wish she would see it for what it is, but she doesn't, it's like she like throws the defense mechanism up and like she just gets so defensive that it's like she's just foot in mouth And just to have only people around you who are like, yes, queen slay your sparkle is so slay. Like she, You know what I mean? That's just not help. Yeah. Some enablers Like yeah, but it's just also like dystopian too. It's like this influencer wedding and people have logged in and now this whole like, it's just like, oh my god. Like Alex and Culver's wedding even all of that aside, like, I don't think that ruined the wedding. It looked so beautiful.


Like I, I, I can't speak for Alex and Ver I'm sure they wish that didn't happen, but I'm just saying like, It just sucks. Like you Yeah, Their vows are beautiful. Ver looks beautiful. Like when I think of their wedding, I don't think of the scandal of it all at first. Like, I do think of like their beautiful wedding, You know? I don't know.


Thank you so much to seek geek for sponsoring this video. You guys have used my code so much that SeatGeek wanted to hook you up with a new special offer. Everyone can use my new code CANCELLED 10 for 10% off any tickets on SeatGeek. Whether you're a new customer or not. Concert season is back artists like Hozier, Billy Eilish and Noah Con on tour. And you already know that SeatGeek is the best place to get tickets. I'm so excited to see Noah Kahn in concert. No matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before CANCELLED 10 is going to get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code CANCELLED 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now because this offer is only available for a limited time. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the CANCELLED podcast.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So Go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available to Players in the US excluding Washington, Michigan, no purchase necessary. BW by 18 plus turns condition supply


Chronologically. What happens next? Oh, I'm in a, well, Brooke, you, I just hope you know that you're, I don't think you're going chronological at all because I was on my birthday trip watching your Reisa series. Well, you left for your birthday trip. I'm thinking, I don't know. I was having, okay, we witnessed in real time. First a depressive episode from Brooke Schofield and then a manic episode from Brooke Schofield. Both of i I, I mean, both of which were pretty embarrassing. I don't think so. I love Are we there yet? Like, is That when you're manic and it's not on me. It is my favorite thing in the world. Okay. Like, well, You called me Tina called me when I was having my depressive episode. I was already hysterical in, in, in like, literally just sobbing my eyes out.


And I was like on TikTok, like, please don't hate me. And you called me and you're like, and you were mad at me. And I don't know why I, we'll figure it out next. But then that was immediately followed by a TikTok that was posted by my ex-boyfriend. Okay. Oh, so we, we are doing this. Are We there yet? Let me check my topics. I feel very lucky that we have like the absolute best fans in the entire world. And every single day on my for you page, I see something that is ever so literally for me, it is a sweet fan talking about something sweet in relation to one of us today.


I saw a girl jumping off a cliff because you commented on her TikTok. She said, I will no dead ass. Like, she was like bungee jumping. She was like, I will never feel the way I felt when Brooke commented on my TikTok. So now I'm bungee jumping off this cliff or something. And I, that is so cute. But also like, be safe, Like, and it's always sweet shit. And I come across this TikTok that's like a selfie of a girl. It's a two photo swipe and it's like maturing is realizing as it's like a photo of a girl with like duck lips and her fucking tits out, right? It's like maturing is realizing, oh, and then it swipes to you and me and it's like that these are just mean girls or something, right? Oh, and I'm like reading the comments. I'm in this whole fucking spiral and I'm, I'm sitting here and I'm like, I'm really trying to think to myself like, are we fucking mean girls?


And it's like, I hate that that label is so loose. Thank you Erin. Erin says, no, but I was like, I'm, I'm really thinking about it. I'm like No, I think that label is so fucking loosely thrown around for like, when a woman is enraged or when a woman is pissed off or whatever. Like at the end of the day, like on our podcast, if we're being mean, like this was right after the Tessa Brooks thing, and it was in relation to that. 'cause it was the thumbnail of that podcast as well. And I get mad because I'm like, dude, like Paige was just standing up for herself in a situation where like, she was wronged and like, usually, like if you and I are being mean on this podcast, it is like with Warrant, right? Like, it's not like I'm just like, let me bully the fuck outta some girl. Like, no, that's mean girl behavior. Right? Right. And I'm so fucking upset.


I'm like debating, commenting back. I like write out a whole thing. I'm like, what the fuck? I click on their username, trash ana trash can Tana and broke Brooke. And they have an entire Oh shit TikTok page dedicated to viscerally hating us. Like there was, there was one swipe and they all start with a, a selfie of a blonde girl. Beautiful Blonde girl. They also did one that says like, maturing is realizing that these girls had to pay tens of thousands of dollars and they still look like this. And it swipes to like a photo of me and you at the meet and greet. Not Violation. Not looking our best to be honest. Listen, I'm not saying that I like always look as gorgeous as my kiss. Two silk, two slay boots, mama Instagram posts.


But like, I also don't look like that meet and greet lighting in Ohio when I haven't slept in three weeks. Okay. And you Know what I, that's, that was like exactly kind of what I was referring to in the beginning of the episode. But it's like, it's like they use it against you. Like I told you that I paid money to look like this and now you're throwing it back in my face. Like I could have Madison Beard. Y'all like, I, I think she hasn't had anything done. We could Talk about the presidential debate for two seconds. Oh, It was hilarious. I mean, it's not hilarious 'cause like the future of our country is at risk, but It was the craziest thing When I started talking golf. I almost lost It. First of all, I want to do that with you. Oh my God, that's really funny. If for something like, we have a presidential debate. Oh my God.


Oh my God. Okay. That's one of my ideas. Like Hawaii podcast, I'll stash it. We'll do it at some point. But like What, what do we do? Just like Go to bat on like all kinds of different topics that like are we we're divided on? Oh my God, we're doing it within the next two weeks. Yes. Like George Gate. Yes. Clog Gate. But even just like Stance on Anything. Right. Like Airon smoothies. I love, like, I just, I would absolutely love to do That. Oh, you're so, it's such a visionary. It is just crazy. Someone said, someone Said, someone said, give them both a Panera charged lemonade and whoever's still standing should Be the president. Oh my God. I just threw my head back and I just got knocked Botox and I literally couldn't even lift it back up.


It was like literally six months ago all over again. It would be crazy. Or even just an Adderall for Joe. And then it, like a part of me feels really sad because I feel like, especially Joe, like I just feel like he needs to go be with his kids and know he needs to just Go to a retirement Home or something somewhere and just, Yeah. No, we, well we don't, we don't want to be in a retirement home, but like A nice one and like Coral Gables. I agree. I I saw TikTok about that and it like really hit it on the head for me where she, she was like, honestly just as like an empathetic person. It's hard to watch 'cause it's like you imagine like my grandpa's his age and like it's, I just think about him being like in a position of like stress like that and just, it is like he needs to be somewhere.


Like I Definitely and Relaxing with no responsibilities. 100%. And listen, I know nobody's Omo needs to have some political claims, but I'm just throwing this one out there. Okay. If there's a minimum age for president, there could be a maximum one. Yeah. Cat people driving, but like, not for presidents. Like that's kind of crazy. Yeah, It was just Like my grandpa tells me too, 'cause like he is the same age as like, he, he's that age, you know what I mean? Yeah. And he's like, I am losing. He's like, I cognitive function. I would never trust myself in that position. 'cause he's like, the way I I think is just slower than it used to be. Like. Yeah. Like It's just, oh, that's so Sad.


I know. It's just like, it was so insane to watch. Like I felt like I was watching something on like Netflix and had to keep like, snapping out of it. Like, and being like, what the fuck? Yeah. Well I was like, I was watching, even one of my boyfriends we're cracking up laughing, but then it's like, wait, this is serious. Like, and I saw God, I wa watched clips of Obama, like their, their debate and it was like so professional and just very like, respectful. Like, this is our country. And Like, like, you know, someone tries to call like a girl gets on the mic and she's like, yeah, Obama's just an era. Like just starts going crazy And he snatches it back and he is like, no, he's my respectable opponent.


We just have differing of like differing views. It's crazy how much has changed? Like, oh My God. And he's like, it really genuinely Wasn't Trump's like, I've never fucked a porn star. I'm like, yeah, it's so wild. It was just like very sad to watch Joe on his like barred out shit. And then Trump be like, we're gonna put a drone on the moon. Like, you know what I mean? Like, it's like, That was a good boy. That was you. China huge. You're good at that. You, there's something there. I Just really do. Like when Donald Trump says China, like that was the highlight of me watching the debate. I think that Donald Trump is one of my favorite comics ever, ever. Such a funny guy. It just, I it I do not, I just condone his behavior in any way, shape or form.


But God, that guy makes me laugh. I just think we should like get somebody new on the remix. I want Obama back so bad. Such a haughty or Michelle. She'd be so Kim k at this point I think we're, She's my president. Okay. What do you think her take is on golf? What do you think her swing is like? She Make that so, you know what I mean? That Yeah. Like they were really fighting about golf. What do you mean It's really horrible. But worse than that is like us two having an opinion. Not that we shouldn't have an opinion, everyone should have an opinion, but like we shouldn't, This is what I know. Okay. If there were just a real presidential debate like Obama's, we would not have an opinion.


Right? Yeah. This is actually, this is actually like right up our alley. Yeah. Like and that's why it's not okay. Just Despicable displays of ego So bad. Oh my God. Oof.


It's time for today's lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane. So shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So Go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available To players in the US excluding Washington and Michigan. No purchase necessary. V GW group void prohibited by law. 18 plus turns and conditions supply.


I think we need to get Clinton Kane on the mic for a debate. How was that segue Works For me. Honestly. Someone photoshopped mine mine and his faces on to the candidates. It's like, dun, I you would annihilate him. You are so good at what you do. I just wanna say before you even actually get into any time line of events six months ago I was like, Brooke, I would do anything. I will give you my money to do a Resa Tisa. Like the second I watched Resa Tessa's 50 part series. Like my only thought was like, I want this from Brooke. Here's the thing, I didn't think anyone gave a fuck because I Knew it. I've been kind of talking about it and like bread crumbing it on, on this podcast forever.


And obviously like people knew or like at least there was like speculation because of like what's been said online that he was a liar. He faked the death of his family, yada yada. And I like, I always say it, I've said it on every podcast and stuff, but it never picked up. And I was like, damn. I guess people like really don't care. Like I thought they were gonna, yeah. Not that I wanted it to like pick up, but when I found out about it, it felt like the biggest story in the world to me. So I Like I was saying to Mcco the other day, like it's the craziest thing I've ever witnessed happen in real time to any of my friends. Like relationship wise ever. Yeah. And and that's like saying so much. Yeah. And living through it was the most fucking traumatic thing ever to me. It was the biggest like most horrible thing that ever happened to me.


So it felt like one of those things where it was like, what do you mean you guys don't think this is a big deal? Yeah. And even like With, the Matt Rife shit, I remember always saying like, why not? Like why do people care about this more than Clinton? Granted people care about Matt rife more than Clinton like for sure. You know? But I Both look like they could eat some sheep metal. For real. That's what I want. What's put the debate? I want Clinton, Cain and Matt Rife gnawing through sheet metal like a rat race. Wait, Isn't it kind of crazy like that? Like that like what a specific thing for people, like somebody to be like described as like a sheet metal chewer And I hit two Of 'em. But maybe that's like just your type, I don't know.


I Wanna, it would take two separate reasons. Like one of them was the teeth, one of 'em was the jaw. Yeah. Yeah. Matt looks like he like built up the muscle. Clinton looks like he could like really do some damage and Fornas Style. Listen, here's the thing, I'm never going for looks first I think it's low hanging fruit, whatever, but I, I do believe in the all bets are off of it all. Once you do so much like your looks are now, You know, I've felt that, listen to me, I have never given a fuck about what someone looks like, obviously. Okay. I do not care. I actually like, that's what I Will, it's hard to get a clear view of him with all the shaking. This is gonna be so hard for me to not just be so silly. I'm trying to be serious.


Okay, sorry. That's the only part about this like element. I mean, not that I like love that this is happening, but like that that is like my least favorite thing about this is like all the videos about how ugly he is because it's like there are so many other things to say about him. Like there are so many more horrible things About say, well it's like if no one's gonna send you to jail, like that seems like an okay start to your punishment. Okay. If you're gonna be a free man, like yeah. But it's Like all of that and like the videos are about like what he looks like that, you know what I mean? It's like that's fair. You did. Like there are so many more important factors to consider in the story. And I really like, I dated him on purpose and I like literally, you know what I mean? Yeah.


Like why am I gonna talk about how ugly he is? You don't have to, But they are. I will. It started because obviously he made the video where he said, and I quote, when you've been over the relationship for two years and she will not stop yapping about it. Even good for you for not like, 'cause I know that there were probably moments where you wanted to maybe take it too fucking far because it's like, if I saw that it's like you're poking the bear and it's like you did all this fucked up shit to this woman and multiple other women and would've continued doing it for the rest of your life. Getting away with it and you're gonna like taunt her. Well Not only that, but like Yeah, well that's what I'm saying.


It just set me the fuck off. Honest to God. Because there is like, obviously I've, I've talked about it, I've talked about it on CANCELLED, I've talked about it or talked about it on other podcasts, but I've only really ever said what was already known thanks to the Zach saying podcast Okay. With you. You know what I mean? He said, parents are alive, he's not Australian. So I said, parents are alive, he's not Australian. I never really went so far as to talk about like all like the other, other elements of the story until now. But that's the joke. 'cause like what do you mean she can't stop yapping about it? You are so lucky that I waited until this, I gave you all this time and even to say something yourself or come clean or fix it somehow some way.


And you are gonna make everybody think that I'm crazy and I'm obsessive and I'm like trying to destroy your career, whatever. And Like you're dying on the hill that they're alive. Like, you know what I mean? It's like no dead, dead, dead, dead. Or sorry, sorry, sorry. You're dying on the hill. That they're dead. The only person dead is him on that hill. Right? Like it's like are you're lying. Continue. I was just fed up and honestly like I was already in like a highly emotional situation. And you know what? I made a little bit of a series some, I made 14 videos. All I'm gonna say is if that happened to any quote unquote yapping bitch in their right mind, I'm not shutting up about it ever. I'm not shutting up about it until, what do you mean she won't stop yapping about it? It would be more concerning if she didn't yap about It.


Well let me give you a little bit of unfortunate backstory. Okay. Yeah. Brooke, I, No, this is like really embarrassing for me. When I was still in the midst of my breakup or whatever, I was trying so hard to help him out of that situation, help him either A, cover it up or B tell the truth. Which, I mean obviously I would prefer for him to tell the truth, but I was like, I was terrified of it ruining, ruining his career. And I was so afraid of it coming out like so to make it like, oh she's telling the world and stuff like that. No, you told the world it's been two years and he's had two years since all of that happened since I initially found out for him to find some way to fix this situation like that he's put himself in.


You know what I mean? And I gave him so many options. I'm like, listen, like you can say this like mental health alone. Like that's enough of an excuse. Like, I mean people are understanding about that in this day and age. Like you can say like, listen to me like I have a compulsive lying disorder. Yeah. Or like, You know, I didn't have a good relationship with my parents and stuff and it doesn't make it better, but it's like, just be honest. Like it's, he's just doubled down and doubled down and dug himself into this hole of lies and made it so much worse that I just got so frustrated. With the situation. 'cause I'm like, you just will ne it will never end. You do not care and you have no remorse and you do not care about how many people you're hurting along the way. Like in the process, Eight months or a year after it happened, Clinton came out and he was like, I'm gonna say something to make this all better.


Right? And then he comes online on his Instagram and he posts him writing on a fucking napkin that it wasn't his mom that he killed off. It was his mother figure who truly died like, like It was laughable. It like, which was all just still more lies. Like none of that's true. Like you, it Was so frustrating as an like, as somebody who was in it. 'cause it was like I was so excited for him to just finally like, 'cause I want, I don't, I want not, I don't want the best for him. I'm, I was about to lie. But like I wanted him him to like Stop, be able To move forward from that situation and still like continue with his career and like have it be like not such a huge thing. But like, oh my God, when I read that I was like this stupid fucking idiot.


And all of it was more, it was more lies. It was just a bunch of malarkey. It was literally more lies. And now you're adding on a new side character. Like you had a mother figure died, You knew character unlocked. And I knew who, it wasn't obviously a real thing because I knew her name. Like he would tell me her name and he would tell me such like explicit detail, the details of how she died, which would change all the time. By the way. My bad for not noticing. I Also just wanna highlight the fact again, like I can't say this enough. Like you having a platform and talking about this and stopping that man from the damage that he was doing to women and to women and people in his life is an anomaly.


Like in most case scenarios. He would've gone on to date a bunch of other girls and continued emotionally abusing them and all the emotionally abusing everyone in his life with these lies forever. Yeah. Like, you know, but It was such a like, it was such a like trauma bond situation because it was like, first of all, a narcissistic individual. He's like a textbook narcissist, worst kind of person you could possibly be in a relationship with. And then you have me who is somebody with a personality disorder, literally a perfect matchup for somebody like that because I'm like someone who can't be abandoned and like that's like my number one trigger and it makes me fucking insane and so emotional and whatever. So I am so like just, I'm just tr like it's a trauma bond.


I'm like obs. Yeah. I just Like His dream victim. I thought my life was fucking like literally over after this situation. And so I would've done anything for him like even at long after. And so he was lucky it was me until he wasn't lucky anymore because I'm not in love with him anymore. I have no fucking like instinct to protect him at all. So you're gonna make a TikTok about me. I'm gonna make a fucking 14 part series and I'm gonna ruin your life. I don't know if all the details will ever come out, but like obviously you, similar to the Matt Rife situation, kind of have found a support group in other women who have been abused by Clinton and there's some shit that he has did to these other girls that like blows my mind. Yeah, it's like, like some real documentary, like abusive fucking shit, right?


Where it's like you would've kept doing that to people. No, of course. A hundred percent. I like constantly I'm getting people still messaging me now and being like, oh my God. Like I just went through this with him and he told me this, this and this about you. And it's always that I am so psychotic and he only dated me for three months and I, like You were, he was in Am out to get him and he has a restraining order against me and he's had to call the police on me multiple times. And all of his friends non-existent friends. By the way, how could you possibly keep a friend if you are somebody who is like this are afraid of me and like whatever it is. And I'm like, like of course. But it's like he's brainwashing these girls and the same way he was able to do to me, it's like you isolate them and they have nobody, like, at least I didn't, in my relationship, I had nobody around me to like fucking talk some sense into me.


Like I just believed every single thing that he said and I was so like infatuated by him and the situation and the love bombing and whatever it is that I like. I just, girl I was lost. The brainwashing of other people is like, where it becomes so psychotic. Like if he was just like yelling my mom died at a wall and like made it whatever. It's like, That's okay. So yeah. So I'm sorry to cut you off, but that to me is like, why it's so frustrating. 'cause it's like you can say like whatever you want, you can write out whatever you want on a stupid fucking piece of paper to explain like whatever you've said online. Okay. But the fact that like you were weaponizing it in my relationship and all your other relationships. So like to the point where it was like I was in trouble for eating if you couldn't eat because you were grieving.


Mm. I was in trouble for sleeping. This wasn't my story. This is Mia. Yeah. I'm in, you know, I'm in trouble for not looking at him because it reminds him of his mom. Like I was in trouble for everything. Trouble. Yeah. For everything all the time because of what he was going through. And it wasn't even, he, it wasn't even fucking real. Like you just have every right to talk about it. And him like saying like, won't stop yapping is so wild, Just so reckless on his part. I have to know what he's thinking 'cause it's like, you know, he just was like, ah, this will be funny and it is not funny anymore. And then his statement to Rolling Stone, like, Oh, kick rocks. His statement was someone Needs to just to for the truth.


It's written as though it came from a representative of Clinton Cain. But first of all it's, it's like a literate, like, like it's not even properly worded. It doesn't matter. The point he was trying to make was that he lost an irreplaceable mother figure, which non-existent by the way. Untrue. He says that my claims are untrue. We dated for only three months. Well There was a specific sentence in the Rolling Stone thing that he said, like one of a specific sentence in his statement that was like, Scofield is known for just tearing apart men on her podcast. Yeah. Like trying to, this is the, to flip it like, to the narrative of like, oh, just another crazy girl tearing down a man like you, you fake killed off your whole family and abuse 10 women and everyone in your fucking life over it.


Of course. Like there Also be re repercu repercu. I wanna, I wanna be sure that I don't fuck this up. The public rehashing of these details is only an attempt to bring attention and focus on Brook's podcast at the expense of tearing that this is the part that's not even properly worded at the expense of tearing down that does not fucking make sense. Another former boyfriend, a tactic that she's become known for and what about it? You know what I mean? Like, No, but also what I just, it is frustrating 'cause it's like, oh, like that's just my shtick. I just come on here and I try to cancel guys, people fuck you so much. You killed your mom. And I'm the pro, I'm the psycho one. I've never seen someone double back as hard as him. Like, it's so Crazy. I wish I were crazier. Honest to God.


I wish I were crazier in this whole situation. And it took me two years to even like fucking get some sense knocked into me. Are you kidding me? I never wanted to say anything about it at all. I've literally, I should have ruined him. But that Just goes to show the like brainwash and abuse. Like it took you two years to be able to like make a TikTok series about it. Like, you know what I mean? Because of how fucking war because I cared about him and like, I, like I can make it as like lighthearted and funny or whatever, but I like, I was so worried I did not want his career to be ruined. I didn't want anything. But like, but you Say you feel like that's your fault. Like that happened. I know, but I Often, I mean, I was in love with him. I like, I didn't want, I didn't want that. I would not want that for anybody. And even now, I hate to admit it, but like I still have guilt like about this whole situation.


'cause I'm looking at it and I'm like, oh my God, I can't believe like what I've done to this man. But I'm like, it's not what I've done to this man. It's what he has done to that man. You know what I mean? He did, he did it. Yes. To you, to himself, to everyone, to his fans, to the world. Like, and it is just so sad too, like seeing that in Rolling Stone. It's like we still live in a generation where like you're just the yapping woman of tearing down an ex. Like well the joke Is Is what do you mean he's the a murderer? Like I, you know, I said it on TikTok already, but like Rolling Stone reached out to me a year ago asking me to like, because they were doing a whole story on this whole situation and I ghosted them. 'cause I was like, I even like, even that recently, I was like, I I just don't, it's not worth it to me.


I don't, I don't like wanna put somebody in that position. I don't know. Like he's obviously so mentally unwell, which is like the underlying theme. Something is so wrong with him or something like whatever it is that he has going on with his family or whatever. Like, I was like, it, it's not my business anymore. Okay. So for the same fucking magazine, no Shade to Rolling Stone, but it's like, for it to be published in the same magazine, like implying that I'm just like clout chasing. I'm like, You Have, everybody has to die. You actually have the number nine podcast in the world right now. Like, that's, that's a fact. And like, just acting like you need this to further your career is so wild because you have such an amazing career.


Like, And I didn't have, first of all, I also didn't have any, like, I didn't understand how big it was gonna get first of all. But I've been saying like this for a long time. You know what I mean? Like, the details that I've said now are like minuscule. Like, it also, we were at Mel's diner. It Also just, it happened to you. He did that to you. He actively chose that. And I, I do always say like, I think it's really sad. I think he's so, so mentally sick that it's like crazy. It's unlike anything I've ever seen to like have a mental illness like that and like believe it all. And it's so weird. 'cause it's like he admitted to you that his mom was alive and like her Yeah, her that found The crazy part. It's like, and you know, he tries to backtrack. It's like now if I were to even see him face to face, he would pretend he never did.


And it's, And it's like You told me, he told me, this is why, I mean, in the beginning I was like so hesitant to talk about it. He told me that he was gonna make it right and he was gonna go back to the wherever he's from, wherever he came from, which is the, the Philippines or Brune or whatever it is. Not Australia at all. And he was gonna explain everything and I was gonna understand. And he would never gimme more information than that except for that he was, he it was, I was right. No one was dead. You know what I mean? So it's like why he hasn't done that is unclear. Go talk to your mom. I'm like, call her. And At what point are people put in literal wards for like compulsive lying and narcissistic abuse?


Like, it's like actually so crazy. Like I'm so much better now and stuff, but that I was so sick and like mentally just, I was just traumatized after that relationship. It, I've never experienced something like that. I could not eat for months. I could like, I literally almost killed myself over it. So it's like, that should be punishable literally by law because the amount of like, I don't know. Especially, I mean, you know, I told you his and Just like, I, I'm not taking away from what you're saying at all by saying this, but I'm saying like, you're a woman with a platform and a friend group that was willing to be like, listen, we know he kept you away from us. Like we all still love you. We're so happy you're back. And like a successful podcast and a successful career.


Like, think about what he's doing and has done to so many women without like any resources. Like yeah, I've goosebumps thinking About it, but in the same, in the same like, like to that same point, I am a podcaster and there's no way that you're gonna come for me for yapping about my personal traumatic experience two years after the fact. Because My last words would, what did you think was gonna happen about that Shit? What a cha what an idiot. Honestly, why would you pay worst choice ever in a girlfriend if you're gonna be a compulsive fucking pathological liar? And it's like 100% like just all of it. Like, and poking the bear. Like you're just, he's so stupid.


It's like, and it's like there's so much budget in all these music videos and bullshit. Like get the budget to like film a fake funeral for your mom and hire a paid actress and like, pretend like it was like 10 years ago. Like, use your money elsewhere. Like if you're gonna die on the hill. Like at least like, I think We've done enough theatrics as far as the dead mom is concerned because she's just somewhere working in a store literally in Brune minding her own fucking business. I think what needs to happen. Like it would, I mean, I don't know. I really don't know what he could do that would make it right. I don't know. But Like actually apologizing and get so much therapy. I when it Obviously, like when it first happened I was like begging him at least.


'cause I was the, I was the first person to know as far as I know, you know what I mean? And I was afraid to tell anyone on his team. I was afraid to tell. 'cause I was like, again, I didn't want anything bad to happen to him, but I begged him. I'm like, please just tell at least like your manager so that it like, felt like it wasn't my problem. You know what I mean? Just on you. Like, so that like somebody who cared about him and who like honestly who benefited from him would start thinking about like what that they could do to like, fix the situation. Like mediate the situation. 'cause it's like obviously he does not know, But the second that people know, he just fires them. Yeah. That's, it's happened. 17, he's had 17 managers in a row and like, no.


And he's also like just a fucking horrible human being, honest to God. And he's really hard to work with and he's horrible to people and he can't keep anyone around literally. Yeah. So that's a factor. But I begged him to tell his team. He wouldn't tell them. And it was like, it wasn't, I forget what it was that finally made me do it. I don't know. I like, honestly, it's all such a blur now. But I remember I put them all in a group chat and I said, check it out. I sent them screenshots of him literally saying to me like, I'm going to fix this. Like admitting that they're alive and they all ghosted me literally. And it wasn't until months later I kept getting like one person at a time who would reach out to me and be like, I'm so sorry.


Like, you were right. Yeah. This, that and the other, whatever. But it was like, nobody supported me in the moment because it's so Unbelievable that like, you don't want Yeah. He, he's so good at it convincing that they all really did think I was that crazy. He was telling them that like he was calling the police on me. And I was like, and because I was so men, I was mentally unwell at that time. It was like believable. Mm. It was like, she's just going crazy. And I was, you don't know what I was doing, dude. He had a girl out there. Like he flew a girl out a couple weeks after we broke up and I flew that bitch home. Like I was, I was, I was out of my mind. Yeah, I was, but I was right. And it was the most triggering and horrible like s scenario.


Literally. I could have possibly imagined I could. I, but I, I was then mourning a person who was not like, was not dead because now I have a dead boyfriend because who I was in a relationship with did not exist. It was literally snap of the fingers that he disappeared. It was Naugh a real person. And I just spent fucking six months of my life doing what, six months by the way, not three months. I think there's obviously just no blame to be had on you. Like anyone could easily be swindled and fall into that with like the love bombing and the money and the like. And if you meet this guy, like even when I first met Clinton, it's like he was So convincing, like everything about him, like the allure, like he, And then he becomes this amazing person. Like, 'cause you're like, oh my God, you're so strong and you make this amazing music about this horrible thing you went through.


Like it's alluring. I know. And it's hard at first, especially with what's going on on TikTok now. It's like everybody, it's hard to envision it, but in the moment, like there was not a single person around me who wasn't like, this is the best boyfriend ever. Yeah. Like at all. And then it just quickly like changed, you know what I mean? I think, again, I know I've said this 30 times, but rewarded. But it's just like, it's one thing to be lying about all of that, but to take it those lies and use them to abuse other people and to Like, yes. And I was like, I I'm you're evil ashamed of how like much I tried to help him and how like really on his team I was because he, I mean he had just cheated on me with like so, but so many people and everything.


And I was trying so hard to just help him get out of the situation months and months after we broke up. Like, because I was so, I, oh my God, it like, it literally made me sick to my stomach to think about what is happening to him right now happening. You know what I mean? And that's what I just assumed would happen when everyone found out. But whenever, when it came out, no one e either people didn't believe me or people were like, just didn't care. I don't know what was different now. But I think that just goes to show Brooke though genuinely, like, you should not blame yourself for, you know, wanting to protect him or take care of him or anything like after the relationship. That is just the truest testament of how much he mentally abused you Yeah. And emotionally abused you that it wasn't even like anyone else could see this and be like, why don't you jump him immediately and hate his guts like the brainwash.


Well, that's what happens. I was talking to, you know, another ex of his who I'm like, I I love and respect so much. And she's like just the most like beautiful, empathetic person ever. Like, and it's, she's just, we're the perfect like candidates because like, not that I'm like a, I'm like, she's a beautiful, empathetic person. I'm like, we No, But I, you care. I really did care so much. Like I would've literally done anything for him and so would she. And it's so sad because it's like we Were the perfect victims. One time I made a joke. I said, what would you do if I just like fell down these stairs right now? And when I tell you that man didn't talk to me for fucking two days, he made me so feel so horrible and disgusting because apparently, apparently his mom, that's how she died.


Falling down the stairs. Falling down the stairs. And then she was in a, a coma, could say She got eaten by a shark, at least Get more creative. Then she was in a coma and he's the one who had to pull the plug and he got the deed to the eight bedroom house on the beach in Australia. And he tore it up because he doesn't care about wealth. And his mom owned Birkenstocks. I can't even say some of these things. I'm like, I can't, it's very stupid. I didn't know the birken. He told, he told Justin Horowitz the Birkenstocks thing. He did not, he's, he would've lost me at Birkenstock. You know, he just saw a good pair of clogs one day. And he was like, that's my new lore, dude. It was so, it was just, so the, the amount of detail is what makes it so it's like you can't, even, if you wanted to just say like, my mom's dead and fucking not harp on it.


It's one thing, the detail, one time we were saying, that's what I'm saying, it's not the lying. I went to dinner. Me Justin Horowitz, Zach sang Clinton Kain and right in the fucking middle of dinner, Clinton starts crying at the table. Why you ask, he goes to the bathroom and he can't believe that I'm not immediately following him to find out what's wrong. Okay. And when I do, he tells me, he just looked down at the date and realized it's his mom's birthday. It's June. Okay. That was the first fucking thing I looked for on her Facebook profile. Her birthday's in fucking September. Okay. He just thought of that off the cuff and was like, oh, it's mommy's birthday.


What's the sound like? I was bored. So I ruined lunch purposely like literally, but, but he's in the bathroom. And me and Justin and Zach are sitting there like, oh my God, this is like so hard for him. Like, it just is so crazy. Now I wanna talk about Zach sang,


it Is Ryan here, and I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? I kinda like the high five, but if you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino at Chumba Casino dot com. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever at Chumba Casino dot com. No purchase Necessary b loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.


I wanna talk about sang for a second because I can I laugh one more time? At Birkenstocks before I have Burkin stocks, he's, his mom owns Birkin stocks. It's like Romey and Michelle when she's like, I invented the post-it absolutely love it. No, he, he did have so many lies like that where sometimes I was just like, Aw, that's quirky. He told me he was a med student. And then one time asked me if babies were born out of your asshole. God. See, but some of these details I should leave out because it's embarrassing for me. No, it's not. It all goes back to the brainwash. It's like, you can say it like, yeah, like Birkenstocks, I'm serious. I think you've done some embarrassing fucking shit in your life. Okay. I, I attest all of this to how much this man had you brainwashed.


I'll never forget this one time, it was Natalie's birthday and she had a murder mystery party at my house, which like is already just so funny. Like hats and Boas, like, we're all like, who killed? You know what I mean? And Brooklyn would've slayed at that party. That's what, first of all, that's what I'm saying. Like it is a murder mystery party and you're there having fun. And then Clinton shows up just to like oversee you and like, watch you in the corner hall. How long did he let me stay? Four minutes. And, you know, the whole car ride home, he was like, it's a murder mystery. So I'm triggered and it's like, oh my God. Oh, A hundred percent. And then he would be like, should I just drive off this cliff right now?


Every single time, just so manipulative and horrible. You are the murder mystery babe. I Posted my series and the very first person to jump on the bandwagon was Zach sang. He could Not Wait, is the sky blue? Do bear shit in the woods. And you know what, I've been rewatching 'cause of course, you know, I'm getting tagged and I'm, I'm rewatching like, the first initial time that I ever addressed the Clinton situation on this podcast was in my marry on episode. And I'm sitting here, right here on this couch in my fucking ponytail crying. Okay. And I regret in that episode how I handled Zach sang. I'll tell you why He is horrible.


Zach sang is horrible. He carry The four Yes crack deal. He knew exactly what he was doing in that situation. I, okay, like again, obviously I just made a 14 part series. Like I have no problem with exposing this man now. But at that time I was about to kill myself, like truly. And Zach Sang was one of my closest friends. So I thought, okay, when the situation happened, I went straight, straight to his studio, sat down with him on that couch, and I was so hysterical. I could not function. I could not breathe. I I was, it, I was not, I was a shell of a human. Okay. For him to then go on his own podcast with you, share the information, knowing how hard I was trying to keep it a secret at that time.


'cause you wanted to delete, you did delete the episode of Zang, right? No, I, this was long before there was an episode of that Zang of my own. Okay. This was your episode When he filmed with me. He hadn't shot with you yet? Not even close. Oh, Okay. I was doing everything in my power to make this like disappear and nobody find out because I was still trying to like process become a fucking like Yeah. Process the situation on my own because I, like, at that point, I still couldn't eat. I lost like fucking 30 pounds in like three months. It was like, it was a, I was so sick and I needed time to get over, like, to literally like get on my feet again. Okay.


And I needed support from my friends and I had it, I had support from my friends. Okay. But Zach Sang was my friend and he could not resist the urge as a journalist to be the one to share the story. Okay. And I remember even was sitting down with him on that couch when I was like so hysterical. He kept saying to me, we are gonna sell this as a show. We are, we're gonna write a fucking 16 part, you know, Netflix documentary Anna Devey style, like wee wee, wee wee. We, nothing, nothing happened to Zach sang. No, it had nothing to to do with, with Zach. I mean, he was, he was close with Clinton, but not like, it really infuriated me how much he made like the situation like about Himself.


Like, Like, And his Profits. Us. You know what I mean? Yeah. And if it was, if it was us and we were in it together, then why were you not on my team? And why were you so quick to put that story out knowing how bad it was gonna affect me? Because what if I did kill myself after that? Because that was my biggest fear was for that to come. My biggest fear wasn't for like, it was literally just for that story to come out because of like how much I still loved him and didn't like, we're still prewashed, I was sick, I was really sick. Mm. But he had films with you, says it straight up inwards. I reach out to him knowing that that happened. And I say, if please, I am literally begging you to just delete it from the episode. Like, I'm not ready. Like you can be the one to do it when it happens, but I am not ready.


I literally don't even know, like emotionally what will happen to me if this comes out like right now. Yeah. And ghosts me, I get word that it was deleted from the episode and then it comes out anyway. Okay. Let me emphasize that. At no point ever has he apologized to me for that at all. Okay. What he did instead was he invited me to come on the z sang show. Okay. And this was months later, he like came up to me at a party and was like, oops. Like is it that big of a deal kind of thing? And yes, it was, he invited me on the Z sang show and I was really like back and forth about it because again, I I never wanted it to come out to begin with.


So now I'm like, what? That contradicts everything that I'm saying. I'm gonna now go on the show and talk about it. No, but I agreed to go on the show with one condition, which was, it's not an episode about Clinton Kane. Like, I, I'll come on the Zach San show and I'll talk to you like if we want, you know, like talk about it for maybe, you know, 10 minutes, like 10 would be even crazy. But I was like, I don't, I don't wanna do it if that's what you think this is. And he says absolutely not. Like, it's not that Brooke came with me, I sat down. Oh, he cornered you. Not a single question about Brooke Schofield. Only Clinton Kane. Okay.


So then I go home after the episode and I'm like, where was defeated? Where was I drunk? Yeah, okay, I'm defeated. I'm like, well fuck now, now I just gave him exactly what he wanted, which was the exclusive, the Clinton Kane exclusive, like the tell all, you know what I mean? And so, And it's so hard when you like get to a studio and there's a million cameras and lighting and people, and like, to me, I mean it when I say like, you feel cornered And there's something about like, you know, you, you've seen him interview. Like, it almost, I, it almost felt like he was on my side, but there's fucking seven cameras. When did he text me separately? Never. I saw, I remember I saw, I'm sorry, I'm like really going in on it, but I'm very passionate about this. Don't be sorry Again, a little bit of a manic episode.


I'm in. I was like really upset after that situation came out or after your episode came out. And I was texting him, texting him nothing. And I see him post on his story repost Phineas O'Connell. Okay. And it's a beautiful bouquet of flowers. And it on the card says like, just thinking about, or like, they were like, just because flowers for Phineas. And I'm thinking to myself, this man is like, what? Who I thought was like one of my closest friends. And I'm in like the darkest, most horrible point in my life because of like, partly because of him. And you can't so much as text me back, but you're sending finna O'Connell just because flowers.


You know why? Because you are an opportunistic fucking clout chasing, I'm sorry. No, I mean, piece Of shit, honestly. Yeah. You, I'm Zach saying So my face is hot. It's, it is like so wildly known. No. Across LA like his obsession with clout. So did he ever, he released your episode or he didn't? I sent it to a friend of mine and that friend literally said, absolutely not, do not post this. This should not come out just like for fear. Like he, it was somebody who also cared about Clinton and was like, this just shouldn't come out. Like it's not good for anybody involved. Like what if something were to happen to him kind of thing. So everybody mutually agreed that that episode does not come out. But then Zach sang went on to tell everybody that I said that they couldn't put the episode out.


And so then I'm getting hate, like, like you'll you say you'll speak up, but you won't. And like, just so slimy, he still posted some clips. I like okayed some clips 'cause it was like, I felt bad for wasting like people's time. Like there's like 60 producers on his show. And I think after him sitting with you two saying we're gonna, like, especially in the state that you were in, like emotionally we're gonna release the documentary, we're gonna release this. We're gonna, we're we're gonna. And then like, no Tina, this is why I'll tell you why I'm so fired up about it right now is because I, somebody told me that yesterday. What is that? He is shopping, shopping a Clinton Kane series that he is literally, he's trying to sell a show about it.


Oh. And just the fact that he, again, I have not heard a fucking squeak from Zach saying, and he is out here posting, first of all clips about the situation, trying to get the views because obviously it's getting views and now he's shopping a show about it because he's got all the experience and you know, whatever it is, all kick rocks Shopping. A show about it now is just like, it's just not your story. And like the way he was just so, It's gross. It really Is gross. That's so gross. That's so Gross. And I like, I, he was someone I looked up to and admired so much because of like, I mean, at, at that time especially like, I just thought, I thought the world of him.


I thought he was so amazing. I even say it in the episode and that's what I regret so much. I'm like watching it back and I'm like, I love Zach saying he's so special and I get it. It's, he's a journalist. No, I don't, friendship like, should trump everything. Like if you, I don't care if it's like, it did nothing for his career, but it made such a huge difference in my life at that time. I literally was not, well Like at that time you couldn't afford anyone else telling you one thing and doing another and like he shouldn't of all people. And I was so, I was genuinely so afraid of like what I would even do. 'cause I was so outta my mind. Like I was so scared. And just to, to literally be like, okay, well how fun would it be if I just told the world? Like Knowing that he like saw your series and is now shopping something just kind of affirms like everything that was already true.


Like that's just, that's crazy. And and With no Remorse reaching out and Not so much as a text to me, he knows better. I hate him. That's crazy. That is fucking crazy. It's just crazy too, like Hollywood, like people seeing someone doing like that and they're like, how can I get in on it? You know what I mean? Well it's, I mean it's even Just, I've seen like a textbook, like that's true. It is just like textbook Hollywood. But you just, And I also do understand it as a journalist, but also like it's j it doesn't make it less slimy. Like, what do you like? So you're gonna make all the money. He kept saying, we're gonna, we're gonna be laughing about this in our beach house, that we're gonna buy our beach house that we're gonna buy when we sell this series.


Like blah, blah, blah. And meanwhile I'm like just trying to fucking get a sandwich down. Like I've been seeing so many girls who like lied to you about how they were definitely like girls that Clinton cheated on you with Oh, now making full 20 part series. Oh Yeah. How funny is that? 'cause I knew every single girl who I got cheat, well not every single girl, but I knew a good majority of them. And how funny is it to compare and contrast all the girls who lied to me and told me nothing happened and now have screenshots and receipts and story times about Clinton Kane. Interesting. But it's shit Like this. It just goes like, to show you how fake, like so much of Hollywood is, It's horrible. But it sucks because we're like, I don't know, I'm not used to that shit.


Like I've, I've been here for fucking six years or whatever it is, but it's still like, be a like de like a decent person to other people. Like So many people just aren't. At least you're lucky to say like, you got out of it, you're doing better than ever. I am. And I I Anything good that happens to you, it's like everything happens for a reason and you deserve it. Like you deserve some fucking compensation for what the fuck you went through. So does every other fucking bitch. Like, and anyone trying to take that away from you is crazy. And you can sit here now With the same people around you who loved and supported you then like, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. I feel like now like you just win in every way. Like even when Clinton continued with his statement, I was just like reminding you like there is no taking him down.


There is no, like, his own life is his own punishment. Like imagine what it feels like to be him when he goes to Bed. The, well remember he said about, said that about me yesterday? Yeah. I pity her. How, like what your life must be like to make up all these lies. That's what he said about me. Yeah. And now I will say that about him. I pity him how miserable he must be to make up all of these lies. I think he's genuinely lucky that no one in his life has like really hurt themselves or died or something. Like for real, because like that the level of abuse is genuinely, I was so in love with him and I like, I won't lie about that. Like I never would want something bad to happen to him ever.


But What do you mean like him by, But he could, yeah. Yes. Him, yes. Okay. Because other bad things, like I want them all to happen personally. Well, But you, well you know what I mean? Like, I just would never, I don't know. I, he could care less if something were to have happened to me. And I, like it took me until now to realize that. Yeah. And like that's, And something so easily could have because Something should Have again, again, like if I had not had like fre, like you said, like some people aren't lucky enough to have like, support systems stuff. I had a fucking constant babysitter. Like I had a babysitter and they would hand me off. Yeah. Because it's like Everyone took shifts literally on broke wellness. And like, I, I even said to you then though, like, you, we will be able to laugh and joke about this one day.


And I know that like, it sounded so crazy to you at the Time and how lucky. And, but it really did take me that long. It's been two years and I'm, I am still upset about it. I am, I think Anyone Would be, and I'm still yapping and I'm not done. Anyone would be, all of this is valid. Duh. Oh, let's get his mom on. Do You think she'll come on? I don't know. I'm not confident that she speaks English. I know she lives in the Philippine or in Bruna. I don't know if Bruna is in the Philippines or not. Sorry, I'm not that smart. But I know that she's in Una. Maybe she knows Maryanne. Maybe she know. We could have both on maybe Knows Maryanne. That's why I sponsored Maryanne. I sponsored Maryanne in Clinton's honor. That's funny. If you donated like all of your Creative to Marianne am I so long as I'm able, I don't wanna have like a situation where I say I can and then I end up not being able to.


If I can no doubt all my re tisa money is going to Marianne in the Philippines because she deserves it. And I don't want anyone to ever be able to say that I tried to capitalize on off of the situation and I'm doing this for clout or money or whatever it is. I am doing this so that nobody else in the future gets abused by this despicable, horrible man. And so that girls hopefully in similar situations can look at it and be like, Hey, maybe I should pay attention to things that aren't right because yeah, nobody fucking owns Birkenstocks. Okay. But, and Good on you, Brooke. I think that you're taking the absolute like highest road of this. And you always have, like, even when you didn't want to talk about it, you wanted to wait till a time that you felt like mentally clear and like, I think you've done everything completely right and have taken the highest road off.


Just everything happens for a reason across this like whole scenario. And I'm like really proud of you. I think that like, I always wanted you to do this 'cause I, everything that you're saying, like you just have such an amazing voice and you're so eloquent and like, you know what I mean? Like, you, you have saved so many girls, either from him or from situations like him. And again, also just good on you for taking the high road. I would have his mom's face on a shirt for 9 99 right now. Like, you know, like, and you're entitled to do that too. Like making you What about his Brother? Like what about, you know what I mean? Like what, there's so many elements. It's like when was he gonna stop? He wasn't. And he isn't. But that's the like, that's the crazy thing within itself. Like to even be like, she's still yapping.


Like it takes two years to unpack everything. Like Yeah, like first of all, I just stood up like, what are you even talking about? I thought you were saying in reference from your titties. Oh, new tits who this? You regret it. I would, I really would Stop making videos about how ugly he is. 'cause it's mean and just, You're just talking to me And start making videos about how he's a pathological lying narcissist. I actually had to like, put myself on a bit of a little TikTok band. Like I like wanted to make a TikTok about him an hour ago. Like It's a, it's really like, it's so hard. It's hard for me to not get like, wrapped up in it because of course, like I do get a little bit high on like all the support that I've gotten and stuff.


And like, I like the videos. They're funny. They're making me laugh, but, Well, and like, it must feel so nice to feel like validated. Like, You know it. I do because I've, like I said Tana, I've been saying this. Yeah. Like, it's almost like, Well and just validating from, from him. Why is the story Now I could talk about this with you. We have like, for, you know what I mean? For literally 10 hours. It's the craziest thing in the world. I'm so happy about your Series. Well, he honestly make a, make a song about how sorry you am make how sorry you are, make a like song about how you were neglected or whatever. Like however you're gonna try to spin this. Like, come on, just be smarter about it. Like don't be so reckless, so many loose ends, so many poorly told lies.


Like, be better. 100%. That's what I'm saying. Say she got eaten by a shark and just die on that hill. No, I he's the shark. Like, fuck. I hope, you know, it's been so hard for me to not make the most low hanging jokes for the last 40. Like I just, it's Cheap. And, and we don't have to be cheap with these jokes. I know. We can, we have so much material that the sha the shaking. I don't even think the shaking is that crazy. Well, we haven't talked about the shaking for two seconds. Oh, okay. I would never, ever, ever make fun of anybody with a type of disorder where they were shaking. Right. It's, I I met him. He doesn't have any type of disorder like that. It's more Passion. More passion. Yeah. Like it's when he hears the music, he does this thing gyrates.


I was really genuinely, I was in this hole the other night so high laughing about the fact that he does not have one song with a BPM that requires moving like that. Like, like your John summit, like Acoustic music's the thing. He's so obsessed with Fred again and he like wants to be Fred again so bad. I'm like, oh my God. Like Honestly, he needs to be anyone else again. Like, just fucking hell dude. He needs to be institutionalized again. I oh my God. It's like I, I want him to come online tomorrow and be like, yo, I'm Fred now. Like, just do something else. He Needs to come un CANCELLED. Do you think we can get him un CANCELLED? He can, he Like, I don't know if I could stop myself from actually like, like all gender rolls aside trying to square up like actually like fist by me.


I know. Are we allowed to say that? Like I would hit him. Actually, I've already said that. Oh my God. Hit his, you know what's crazy is one of my friends has run into him three times if I ever saw him. Can I tell you something? We got back together, which is just crazy words for to come in outta my mouth. But we got back together in October the year that we broke up 2022. And I was, I literally sent him off to his studio session that day. Like, bye babe, I love you. I'll see you when you get back. And I somehow came to my senses that day, I put his shit outside and I never ever saw him ever again. But that's good.


I don't know what happened that, that's crazy. Did you know what I mean? And he called me a year later and said, I'm in la like, will you come to my hotel? And I, I'm Like, just definitely wanted to like fucking lie to you more. Like That's so crazy. Yeah. And I, God crazy. I literally got ready to go and I again came to my senses and I was like, I oh my God. Like no, Just, I Was so, it was like, it was like the type of unwell you can barely even fix. I just like all of all of that, just, I'm gonna say it again and again and again. Goes back to the brainwash though. Like he Is like, yeah, I really completely understand people who go back in like, like abusive relationships. He wasn't physically abusive, I should say that, but just the most emotionally abusive relationship that I could ever possibly imagine because it was, there were so many elements to it that were so good and you can find so much evidence of me being like, well that's like why it was an amazing relationship.


He was such a good boyfriend, like blah, blah, blah. But, but it was because first of all, I hadn't, like, I didn't have a lot to compare it to. And second of all, you Also experienced like the absolute climax of what it feels like to be in a toxic relationship with high highs and low lows. Like Right. And that's why they feel, yeah, you said it the best. It's like they feel so high because it's been so bad and, and then you feel so much closer to that person because you just like had all this turmoil and like, whatever it is, but like the amount of fights, it was like, I can't believe. And now I would never, I mean, I would hope I would never let myself stay in a situation like that. It's hard to say, but it is so crazy. It just Goes to show like all the girls out there, like if you're in a high, high, low, low toxic relationship, like you will get out.


You will see it clearly. And like, it's awesome. You know what I mean? It's good for you on the fact that for one of your first more serious relationships, you literally met the final boss of emotional abuse. Like everything else after that Can't get much worse. But then I then, Oh, you wanna gaslight me about liking girls' Instagram photos? Motherfucker, right. Let's so Go. Maybe that helps you better understand why I get so my like maybe like the Matt Rife situation might fire me up a little bit because it's like, if I tell you all of what you guys just found out and then you can just do the same, like, you can also like lie to me. You know what I mean? I'm like, I really have such little tolerance for that shit now that it's like, but That's good.


That's Gross lying. But in particular it's like, do not lie to me. Yeah. But now you, I'm a kiwi down under, I can't even believe. Hey, Larry, is that, are we, is that a wrap on the indoctrination or should we just say right now? Like, I don't want, I don't wanna wee you word to Zach saying, but like, it will probably be apt about on this podcast until the end of time because no fucking shit. Yeah, no fucking shit. Fucking shit. I hope I'm yapping until I'm literally gonna be yapping until his mom comes home.


No kidding. 100%. And she's going to, You wanna talk about your new athlete boyfriend, or do we just end the goddamn podcast? That's a wrap. Bye guys. Fuck you Clinton. Cain. Literally, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck You. And justice for his mom. Seriously? Like at This point, dude, just let her go. Kill her. I think it, okay, sorry. Bye guys.


It is Ryan here, and I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? I kinda like the high five. But if you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino at Chumba Casino dot com. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever at Chumba Casino dot com. No purchase necessary. Bdw roof prohibit by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.